Nov 25 2009 	Only a short walk to the strip quiet relaxing stay and friendly service.	I'll admit that I was a little apprehensive to stay off the strip. However, this wasn't my first trip to Vegas and I figured I should save some money to use towards gambling. ;) Upon arrival we discovered the hotel was only a few (maybe 2-3 blocks) up to Bill's, and Bally's is right across the street. The staff at the Westin Casuarina were friendly and accomodating. Although we arrived before check-in time, they checked our bags for us so that we could go exploring. They also offered to call my cell phone when our room was ready, which was so helpful.The room was very clean, but a little on the small side. We did not spend much time in the room so it was not an issue. Their trademark &quot;Heavenly&quot; bed was ah-ma-zing! Nothing better than a soft, comfy bed, with crisp white sheets to pass out in after being up all night.Since we arrived in April the pool was not open yet, but we still went outside to lounge in their pool side chairs. Their pool is REALLY small. If you're looking for the pool to be the main event of your vacation, then I wouldn't reccomend the Westin.The hotel's complimentary &quot;Unwind&quot; hospitality service was a real treat, as we got to have a few drinks and snacks before heading out each night. One night they also offered complimentary neck massages in the spa. I will note, tipping the staff definitely goes a long way here. All in all, I would reccomend the Westin to friends. I personally will venture to try other hotels, since there are so many to choose from in Vegas. However, if the price was right I would certainly stay here again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Good hotel for the price but some issues with the service...	We found this on Priceline and as it was a blind booking were pleased with what we got. Location is good -- across from Bally's a couple blocks off the strip. Definitely close enough to feel you are there without the threat of facing any neon lights. Overall clean &amp; friendly, Starbucks in lobby, daily happy hour, can print boarding pass. Casino is also very quiet - could be a good thing, but for atmosphere I would rather go elsewhere. Also free gym - some Vegas hotels charge you so this is a big plus!Issues: Charge an extra $15 PER DAY - considered it a cover charge for the happy hour (!) Pool is average in size - others in Vegas much nicer. Issue with air conditioning/heater took much longer to resolve than it needed (apparently older system that needs to be mannually switched over, and since weather was spiking that week repair man needed to come up in person). The desk was not very helpful with the situation. Wireless was also about $16/day (!) No thanks...But overall for the price -- it was good. Just make sure you get your money's worth at the happy hour!	
Nov 16 2009 	Amazing experience	I don't know what all the negative reviews are about, this hotel was amazing. The staff was friendly, our suite was AMAZING, the casino was decent, the location was perfect! The strip is RIGHT there. I was worried about the reviews, but this hotel was amazing...I would definitely stay here again. For those complaining about the resort fee, it is right in front of your face when you check in, so you cant complain about &quot;not knowing about it&quot;. Ridiculous.	
Nov 16 2009 	Will Not Stay Again	My husband booked The Western Casurina via the internet and unfortunately we ended up travelling seperately due to the flights being oversold. Despite having a copy of the booking I was not allowed to check-in as the booking was in my husbands name. I explained the situation but the female check-in attendant was not too friendly. I tried again later with another check-in attendant but still no joy. I waited a bit longer then spoke to a manager Eric Wassgren who not only checked me in but was very kind and sent me a complimentary tray (as I was feeling ill). As it happened my husband had called and left a message but not being allowed into the room could not access it and I was not informed of this at the desk. As it happened he did not arrive until late that evening as he had to go via Los Angeles! There was no info re this check-in policy on the internet. Except for one night the hotel was quiet and comfortable for the most part. It is off the strip and some undesirables hang close to the hotel, hence why I stayed in the foyer as when out earlier had not felt safe. There was no info in the room in regards to what was available at the hotel which was strange.	
Nov 11 2009 	A little short of the Westin Experience	My wife and I stayed here because she had a 3 day continuing education seminar which was meeting here. This is an older hotel, converted several years ago when Westin purchased it. It is showing its age and needs renovation. The onsite dining options are limited when compared to the full casino resort hotels in the area. The full service restaurant offered excellent food and service at the expected price level for food/service of this type. There is also a Starbucks in the hotel. We had problems two of our 3 nights with the automated door keys. We were locked out late on Saturday night and had to wait for two building engineers to rebuild the door lock. The batteries in the lock were installed in 2003 and never replaced! The door lock problem resurfaced the last day due to front desk error in programming the key. We were told this happens a lot.Immediate area is close to the strip but requires walking through some terrible sidewalks. There is also a construction company yard behind the hotel. One night they were working all night, noisey.Housekeeping was inconsistent. We never got the same number of towels, toiletry items, etc. When they missed replacing the toilet tissue, that was major! I also asked for early housekeeping one day. The employee took the room number and said it would be done as a priority. At 4 PM, room untouched, all housekeeping carts were gone. Had to call front desk for service.On last day we requested late check out. Housekeeping showed up at 8:30, 11:30 and 1:30, same person twice. Communication not good between front desk and housekeeping.Business center is very limited and is not accessible all hours, closed all day Sunday. There is free boarding pass computer but other common area internet is pay by the hour.Beds were very comfortable. Dual shower head in our room did not work, it functioned only as a single. Sound deadening not good between rooms and floors. For what we spent, there were several other better choices locally but we wanted to stay at the conference hotel as we did not rent a car. Access to the monorail system is good, only a couple of blocks away.In summary, would not recommend and it doesn't live up to the Westin name.	
Nov 11 2009 	A different type of vegas hotel...	We got this place because of Priceline. We asked for a 4 star on the south strip. We paid $133 plus $15 resort fee!!. Not a bad price on a Friday and Saturday. The rooms were ok but nothing great. They had the famous Westin Hotel beds but fit into a smaller room. This left about 30inches between the dresser and the bed. The whole room was on the small side. Everything was ok but it looked a bit tired. The good thing is that since it is smaller it is easier to get to the room etc. Elevators were much faster. It was also quieter than a lot of other hotels we have stayed in. Although another guest complained about the noise. We had no complaint. The location is about a block and a half from the strip. So you have to walk past an empty lot to get to anywhere. The casino is almost non existant. So if you are looking for that then you need to go somewhere else. There was one restuarant plus a starbucks. If you want an out of the way place then this might be the place for you. It does look a bit tired.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great value. Good rooms. Excellent staff.	We arrived on Thursday but were unable to get an upgrade until Friday. The standard rooms are ok. Very clean, well appointed but small at 370 square feet. Our upgrade was th the 17th floor and the suite was amazing. Huge, a full dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a wet bar.The $15 resort fee includes use of the sauna, steam, and spa. The &quot;quiet room&quot; is a perfect place to unwind. The casino is small, as compared to others on the strip, but very cozy.The staff was incredible. The front desk clerk, Jessie was fabulous. We would certainly stay here again.&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;PETS ALLOWED! The puppy loved it!	
Nov 6 2009 	Great Location Service is average	Location is a short walk from the strip, great if you want to be close but away from the noise. Carpet in the room was a little sketchy, but the rest was very clean. In true Westin style the beds are incredible as was the bathroom.Service was decent. We had issues with our heating system that took several hours to fix, when in reality all it took was 5 mins. Pool was small but nice. The spa looked great, but I ran out of time to try it out.	
Nov 4 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I was not sure what to expect after reading all the reviews, so I went in with an open mind. I go to Vegas every years so I have stayed everywhere on the strip so not staying in a strip hotel was not a big deal for me. 1) Location- Located along side of Ballys you can walk to 2 blocks to the middle of the strip. I would however take a taxi late at night which cost about $6. It cost about $12 from the south and north end of the strip so it was not that bad. 2) Customer Service- Excellent everyone was nice and friendly they had a spa on the 2nd floor that was wonderful, the restaurant that offered a good variety of food on their breakfast buffet, and the Starbucks in the lobby was a great place to grab early morning coffee. Every night except Saturday night they offer a 2 hour happy hour, in the restaurant which allows you to enjoy free beer and wine, along with small appetizers. There also lower the table limits to $.25 which is nice if you have been losing. Bar are stays open all night and they serve food all night from a small menu which is good when you get the late night munchies. There is a nice gym for those that want to work out.3) Casino-Small but you felt very safe and secure late at night. They had several slot machines and they also offered table games as well. It was an excellent place to learn several games if you wanted to. I took the liberty to learn craps. 4) Room- Small but not shabby by no means. Yes it does appear to be small because of the amount of furniture in the room, and there is no flat screen TV in the room but you do have a large TV and all the channels and Pay for View offers that you get in other hotels. Bathroom is not large, but not small by no means. They offer the dual shower heads that are wonderful, coffee maker with Starbuck Coffee, hairdryer, and iron and iron board. But I can not say enough about the bed! OMG I had the most rest and relaxation I ever had during a trip to Los Vegas. It was a quite hotel the spa was wonderful but the real gem was the heavenly bed. I can’t wait to visit another westn so I can sleep in that bed again. If you get a good deal on price line like I did ($99) you can’t beat it. If you can live with out staying on the strip and being away from the noise and hustle and bustle than this is the place for you. Please be aware that you will be charged a $15 a night service fee regardless who you book this room through. I feel that is a bit steep, considering that you have to pay for internet connections. If you are not aware of ithe $15 a night charge you will be very shocked once you check out	
Oct 28 2009 	Great stay!	The hotel was clean and the stay was pleasant and enjoyable. The staff were very helpful and even did a free upgrade as there was availability. the bed and other comforts were veyr great! overall enjoyed our stay over there and will sure book the hotel again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Just ok definitely not four star	The bottom line of this review: I'd only stay here if you get a great deal on the room. Overall it wasn't terrible, I was just disappointed by what was supposed to be a four star hotel. Our room was comfortable on the whole, the staff was nice, and I thought it was convenient to the strip (but my husband and I also like to walk). This is about where the praise ends, however. We like many others booked on Priceline and were smacked with a $15/night fee upon check in - for what, you ask? Things like them printing out your boarding pass before you leave for the airport and having coffee in your room. Of course internet is not included in the fee and is an extra $20-or-so a night... Nice, Westin. The cleanliness of the hotel was another area where I was majorly disappointed. There were shoeprints in the bathtub after the maids had &quot;cleaned&quot; our room. There were also long black hairs on all of our towels and in the bed. Additionally, my husband and I had fun tracking a giant ball of human hair in the hallway all weekend that was never picked up. We just chalked it up to &quot;we're in Vegas, we're not going to be in our hotel room anyway,&quot; but I was disappointed by the Westin.	
Oct 26 2009 	This place rip you off with resort fee that shouldn't be included	I booked 2 room at this place with priceline. The hotel was ok for our purpose that weekend. Nice thing I notice is that they charge $15 or more each night per room for resort fee. I complaint but that won't credit me back the fees. Since I have 2 rooms for two night, I end up paying almost $80 in resort fee. I called the hotel asked why they charge the resort fee and they sent me a screen of the resort on priceline regular rate. I told them that I book it thru the priceline bid process and during the whole process it didn't mention any resort fee. I called priceline, and they told me that the hotel shouldn't charge me a resort fee and to take the claims with the hotel because they can't do nothing about it. I haven't heard anything back from the hotel. DON'T BOOK HOTEL, IT GOT A HIDDEN CHARGE THAT EVEN IF THEY ARE WRONG, THEY WON'T CREDIT YOU BACK and if they do, they won't admit it as I heard that some people did get the fee credit back. THIS PLACE IS A RIPPED OFF.	
Oct 25 2009 	I'd only stay here again if it was an absolute bargain.	Quick check-in; parking was very close to registration and registration was close to elevators. Upon exiting the elevators we noticed the floor smelled like curry. Opening our room, it smelled like curry. Other than this strange thing, the stay was enjoyable, if not a little expensive ($169 for Sat. nite). We didn't have much of a view but that was OK. Internet was $16-17/day. The TV was ancient - would have expected a nice flat screen. I'd only stay here again if it was an absolute bargain.	
Oct 15 2009 	Rooms outdated - stay elsewhere	I stayed here for 3 days in October as part of a week long vacation in Vegas.Whilst the location slightly off strip is quite good, the rooms themselves are poor with outmoded lime green wallpaper with CRT TVs and furniture suffering from significant wear and tear. The Westin brand is normally of a high standard but feel there are better Sheraton and other hotels on offer for the same price. For the final four days I will be at the Signature in MGM Grand. Slightly pricier but worth it.	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice place - too noisy!	The place was a great size, not too filled with all the slot machines. The pool was way too small - no room for the kids to play at all. At night we were woken up 2-3 times each night with loud guests around us. I did call down to the desk, they took care of the noisiest time right away. Rooms were clean though some dirty items sat outside of the rooms for more than one day.	
Oct 8 2009 	Seedy Hotel with Dirty Carpets	I rented a room for 2 nights through Priceline. They rated the hotel as 4-stars. The hotel was about 1 block from the strip. The Westin is an old hotel that has not been maintained. The carpets were old and dirty and the sidewalk in front was torn up. The service was good, but the room was 2nd rate.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice Accomodations	Nice accomodations and good value. Except watch for the $15 per day they add to your bill. There is a list of things this covers standing at the check in desk. But they do not draw your attention to it and it is not in bold print. Never mind, these are things you might expect at a 4 star rated hotel. News paper, exercise room, spa.. I complained about the last minute surprise and they removed the charges. They need honesty in pricing.Other than that service was excellent and food was good. Nice free happy hour at 5:30.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice design modern rooms	Like the whole place, just off the strip. Easy parking, fast check-in, no lines. The rooms are very nicely appointed, beds are comfortable, rooms are very clean. I'm used to staying right on the strip but this is not a bad option if you don't want all of the hassle of the larger properties. I will be staying here or PH on my next trip! yay go starwood!!!	
Oct 6 2009 	We were pleasantly surprised...	We traveled with friends and wanted a good weekend rate at a nice hotel on or near the strip. We went with the Westin name--the hotel is a quick 2 blocks from the strip in a busy area where we did not feel uncomfortable walking. Our AAA rate was only $119 a night! The hotel offers a restaurant, Starbucks, casino, spa and pool, friendly staff and free parking. The only surprise is that the hotel charges a $15 nightly &quot;service fee&quot;. When we return to Las Vegas, we would first look for a good rate at an upscale hotel on the strip...if we did not find a good rate, we would definitely stay at this property again.	
Oct 1 2009 	Thank goodness for a non-themed hotel...but the location...	I booked this hotel for 2 reasons: Been to Vegas enough that I don't need a storybook character to greet me at my door and it's Starwood.I also like that it is non-smoking, except for the casino floor. I am a chain smoker, but smoking hotels can be disgusting. This was an oasis in the middle of the desert that is Vegas. It is the same Westin business traveler hotel you normally find, but you see a lot more of the Priceline folks in shorts around the lobby, and the pool. You also notice that there are very few people in line around the SPG check-in counters, and people that aren't used to paying for internet, tipping doormen, and not having a buffet breakfast around. We had a comfortably cozy room on the second to top floor in this former Maxim Hotel. The furniture was a bit tight in this double double room, but the relaxed nature of the Westin made this much better than previous stays in Vegas hotels. The unWind was a bonus.The location isn't directly on the strip, but it wasn't an issue. Cabs are present, and walking distances aren't that bad. My biggest complaint with this hotel is it's own rating within the Starwood categories. It should be rated one level lower, as the hotel just doesn't deserve the extra number of points required for a stay or upgrade. I understand the city and the need to make some money without giving away every room for points redemption, but it isn't worth the amount. If you book far enough in advance, you can get decent rates.Overall, I'll be staying here again in January, and with the same reasons as last time. It's quiet, and it is a break from the glitz of the strip.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good hotel just 6 minutes walk from the Strip	Having spent a few nights of luxury at the Bellagio we had 8 nights booked at this hotel booked through Hotwire at $75.00 a night so we were not expecting the luxury and wonderful views that we had at the Bellagio.We drove to the hotel and there were loads of parking literally a minute/two from the hotel entrance. There were lots of spaces outside and a large multi-storey. We opted to always park in the Multi-Storey as the car would stay cooler there. We had known it was a dog friendly hotel as this is advertised on the website/trip advisor and there was a nice small area for those pets by the carpark.Check in was extremely quick and there are signs as well as mentions of the $15.00 resort fee on each check in desk and in your room. These explain that this fee covers water, coffee in room, parking, sauna, steamroom, swimming pool use, free daily newspaper (to name a fee) so we were well aware of this from day one. Anyone that isn't aware of this doesn't read the reviews properly or chooses to ignore the notice directly in front of their eyes when checking in.We believed the hotel was fairly empty as there was hardly anyone walking around. We were given a room on the 6th floor and went to check it out. What we also found nice was whenever you accessed the lift, Frank Sinatra songs would start playing. The room was very spacious and the bathroom large with the double heavenly shower. Starbucks machine was situated in the bathroom. We were given keys to the mini-bar but never opened this.We used the poor every day (including over Labor Day weekend) and never had any problems getting a bed and we didn't go down till 10am most days. The pool is small but was a lot warmer than the Bellagio pool! The spa is in the shade and is very warm so best to go in their when the sun is not so hot. Their is only pool bar service from Friday-Sunday but we noticed the cocktail waitress did not get many orders. Most people would just bring in their own water etc.We had lunch in Suede and that was nice and the prices reasonable. We did go to the Unwind Hour once but found it didn't have much of an atmosphere so had once drink and left. It was tables in a meeting room with a smal bar. Their were literally a few spirits, quite a big range of bottled beers and red and white wine. They also supplied nacho's and a lady was doing free massage in there on the massage chairs.The casino was very quiet but my husband liked that as he got loads of free drinks every time.We aren't fast walkers so we timed it and it takes 6 minutes to walk to the edge of Bills on the Strip and about 20 minutes to the Mirage. Our friends stayed at the Mirage and our room was just as nice as theirs.We ended up paying just once night of resort fee as our room was not cleaned once, we never got a free paper and some days we never got the free water. My husband complained and within a second they had waived all the charges which we didn't expect so that was a nice gesture.If you do like you room cleaned at a certain time of the day, please let housekeeping know after you check in. Their is a card in the room stating this as they start cleaning at 9am and if you are asleep your room probably won't get done till nearly 4pm and some days this would be when we would be returning to the room after a day in the sun.I would definetely stay here again and have recommended this to people who don't mind having a quieter hotel near the strip.	
Sep 22 2009 	The good the bad and the ugly ... all in one ..... read the whole review ...	Ok: Here are the good points:So easy to find, directions on the GPS were fantastic and to the spot!!Easy self parking, and not miles to walk to the registrationNot a casino hotel, so the smoking was minimal, only in the casino areaTiny casino area, so the crowds were not aroundA Starbucks in the lobby, and I never stood behind more than 2 people! Worth it's weight in gold.Hotel is center strip, so even though it is a 5 minute walk to the cross street, you are in the PERFECT location! you can turn either way to find a casino all around you! And not walk miles!The most wonderful bed ... the top duvet was way too heavy, so once that was kicked off, their heavenly bed is a heavenly bed!! Not 4 Seasons heavenly, but a close second!The hotel is EXTREMELY pet friendly ....... everyone had their dogs with them??!!!!There is a coffee machine in the bathroom with enough free stuff for one cup of coffee in the morning; again, worth it's weight in gold!The pool is fantastic, really tiny, but trendy. You have to pay a HUGE amount for the shady beds, otherwise you are in full sun for free!!!Now the bad points:This is NOT a 4 star hotel, no matter what anyone says. I will NOT forgive Priceline for this, I could have booked the hotel cheaper if I had gone to the hotel website myself. The hotel is dog friendly ....... I almost died when I walked into the foyer ... I HATE DOGS!! I was not told about this, if I had have known, I would never have stayed there.The rooms are TINY, and the closet is tinier!! The bathroom is tiny also ... so if you are more than a couple that spends over 5 mins in the bath/shower/loo, this is NOT the place for you!The casino that is there, the roulette table opens from 5pm-1am; and there are a lot of slot machines, but not much else. If you are looking for a casino hotel, this is not it!$16 a night for WIRELESS INTERNET ...... I get free internet at Hotel 6, why are these hotels charging it? Ridiculous ............Went to lay down in the spa sauna after a massage, and the head rest completely broke off and 16 nails went into my head! Took the head rest to the security, who did nothing ... no matter how much I tried to get them to go over and replace it, so it didn't happen to someone else ..... although they did ask if I needed to go see a doctor ......OVERALL:Would I stay there again: YES! The hotel was mainly smoke free, fantastic!Off the strip, so no fighting with crowds!The beds were great, I loved them!Coffee in the bathroom ....... loved it!Off strip, but 5 minutes to the center strip ... couldn't be better!Easy parking, the easiest I have found yet ..... was SOOOOO simple!Hope this helps; would I go there with kids? Yes, for the lack of smoke, NO for the lack of room in the bedrooms.Would I go there with my pet? Absolutely!! Couldn't be more dog friendly ......Would I go there with lover boy? No ... not romantic enough in the bedroom ....Hen night/stag party? ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!!!Friends for a weekend away?? YES!!!Girlfriends weekend away? YES!!!!!!	
Sep 16 2009 	Terrible experience	First,this hotel have hidden fee, it automatically charge $15 everyday on ur bill for the service u even didn't use, secondary, there was a very important document faxed by my company in eastcoast from east time afternoon to this hotel front desk and marked very clear should take to my room right away, but I asked several times until 12:30 midnite,every front desk told me that nobody see it, I had asked them to check whether is there anybody see it ,they said not and even give me the attitude,but when I get up in 5am in the morning, I found that they actually have it ,and just insert to my door,the bill even insert to my door earier than this important doc.third, room is small and funiture is shabby compare with other westin I had lived, there are big stain in carpet in th aisle, I even question whether it really meet the standard of westin's, finally,th room service is not good at all, we give them th tip everyday, but they didn't change the soap even when it become melt, didn't give u enough towel everyday, didn't put paper glass back when they did th cleaning when we run out of those, and we have two people in the rooms, they just give us one shower cap,and leave it without change during our staying, it is really a worst westin I had ever stay and its service is worst than 3star hotel such as sahara,circus circus.	
Sep 14 2009 	Stay away from this one - warning not even 3 star	Don't be fooled by the &quot;priceline deal&quot;. This is no deal.Rooms are outdated, resemble the 70's.Carpet is old and warnservice at check in was terrible - with line.Westin should be embarrassed, and you will be too if you stay here.Spend 15 more a night and experience world class hotels - on the strip.Big mistake staying here - beware.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good “OFF STRIP” option but not for everyone!	We have been to Vegas many times but never with our 6 year old son. With that said this trip was much different than past trips and was why we choose the Westin. We wanted to stay off the strip because getting in/out of the hotel is much easier due to the size &amp; location not to mention the price. We booked our trip via price line and got a good deal. However keep in mind that they will charge you $15 “service fee” per day. Whether you agree or not with the charge just make sure you account for when comparing prices. We checked in at 10:00am and got a room immediately. The staff at the check in counter were very nice. The room was clean, AC worked good; hot water and plenty of pressure and the beds are very comfortable. The pool area is not large at all and nothing going on. Once again it is fine for a couple of hours with a 6 year old. However if you are looking for lots of people and a happening scene this is not the place for you. We ate no meals at the hotel so I can’t comment about this area of service. The casino is very small but so is the hotel. We did no gambling here but when we walked by it did not seem crowded or busy. I guess this could be a positive or minus depending on what your looking for. Getting to the strip is about 5-10 minute walk through lots of construction so it’s not very scenic. Bottom line if you are looking for Vegas Style Resort this is not the place for you. Spend the extra money and stay on the strip. It is a comfortable, clean “off strip” hotel in Las Vegas and a good value.	
Aug 17 2009	Nice "off-strip" option	Stayed at the Westin for the weekend of my son's 21st birthday. It had been several years since we had been to Vegas. Got a great deal on the Westin (name your price on Priceline.) I'm glad we did not stay in one of the large resort hotels. The Westin was a great alternative to being right on the strip. Access was easy in/out with plenty of parking. We self-parked in a very convenient parking garage, and did not have to wait to get our car from valet, or have to take a trek - like in the large resorts. We also did not have to walk through large lobby/casinos/bar areas/parking structures/shops, etc to get to our room. Could get around the city/strip without having to get stuck directly in the strip traffic. Was within easy walking distance to the major hotels/casinos. The room was clean, A/C quiet, did not smell, and the bed was heavenly. The pool/jacuzzi was relaxing and not an orgy scene; there are plenty of pools you can pay major $ for if you want that. Happy Hour 5-7 with discounted drinks and free appetizers. There is a $15.00/day &quot;resort fee&quot;, but most major hotels are charge that nowadays. Staff was friendly and attentive. Mind you, you can have all the glitz and glamor you want, a very short distance away, without having to be stuck right in the middle of it. All-in-all, a very nice stay! P.S. If you are a golfer, you may want to go to Butch Harmon's Golf School located in Henderson at Rio Secco Golf Course. Saw Natalie Gulbis and Charlie Hoffman when we were there. Great instructors, too!	
Aug 16 2009 	Comfortable but off-strip and boring	I fully agree with the previous reviewers: the level of comfort of the rooms and the general standard of the hotel and its staff is what you would expect of the Westin brand. I really have only good things to say about that, with just a minor comment about the aircon which a thought was a tat too noisy.The one big shortcoming of this hotel is that it totally lacks a Vegas feel. The Strip is merely 3 blocks (5 mins) walking distance, but it might as well have been 3 or 30 miles away. The hotel offers nothing of the entertainment that made Las Vegas hotels famous. It doesn't even have shops (except for a tiny souvenir store) or bars/restaurants (except for a small in-house Starbucks that closes at 8 pm).The only other issue I had is the ridiculous $15 resort charge that other reviewers also complained about. And this doesn't even get you free Wifi access! During my 3 week travel in the US, this was the only hotel I stayed at (together with a Motel 6) that didn't offer free Wifi to its guest. According to the front desk staff it was standard Westin policy to charge $16,99 for Wifi. This is clearly unsustainable.	
Aug 11 2009 	This is a hotel in Vegas … not a Vegas hotel.	The room had a strong odor upon entering – a brackish combination of B.O. and cheap men’s cologne. It was gagging. Something was off. The hotel is definitely a Westin – it has the heavenly bed, the heavenly shower, the products, the look and feel … but … there’s just something, well, off about it all. It felt shabby. And cheap. Service, however, was top notch. It was so good that I almost feel guilty writing the rest of this review. Everyone from the concierge to the restaurant to the front desk was really on his/her game. Good to know: the hotel is located off the strip, and it was surrounded by construction. There isn’t anything nearby. There are slot machines in the lobby, which was the only thing that made it “Vegas-y” but it only made the hotel feel even cheaper. I wish they would have stuck to the Westin recipe instead of trying to force the Vegas into the mix … perhaps that would help. Very disappointed with the stay. I’ll keep to the Vegas hotels when in Vegas and the Westins when everywhere else.	
Aug 3 2009 	Hidden Fees and Unstocked Rooms	This Westin is a no-frills accommodation option that is relatively close to the strip. But compared to other similar 3-star facilities around the US, this hotel comes up short. First, you must know that there is a *hidden*, unannounced $15/night (plus tax) fee for &quot;Hotel Services&quot; (whatever the hell that means). When asked what this was, we were told &quot;for use of hotel facilities like the pool, etc.&quot;. But isn't that what the daily rate is for?? So this is a way for the hotel to make an extra $15/night in pure profit, while deceiving you with a seemingly lower price while you book. So be mindful of that if you're doing comparison shopping. Second, the room we stayed in had one bar of soap, and no shower gel. We thought this was an oversight that would be corrected the next day, and it wasn't. So we're not sure if this is Westin policy or what. Typically there are two bars of soap, one for the sink and one for the shower. Some hotels also include some kind of shower gel. Not the case here. So much for the Westin &quot;Heavenly Bathroom&quot;. Third, a mini bar was available in the room, but it is under lock and key. We were not given the option to get the mini bar key at check-in. This was problematic because we wished to at least put our bottles of water (two provided by the hotel) in the fridge to alleviate the effects of the 100+ degree weather outside when walking. No luck at this Westin though. Fourth, I know that this may be a little demanding, but the room had an old-school CRT TV. It's 2009 - and honestly, I do not remember the last hotel that I stayed at of this star rating that still has CRT TVs. Even the Embassy Suites in a small town in Northern California that I stayed at last week had *2* LCD TVs. Clearly, the Westin doesn't quite care to give any semblance of luxury, even at its Las Vegas location. Fifth, the pool is very small. And because the hotel has a high rate of occupancy by families with little kids, the kids are all over the pool. This may or may not explain the filthy state of the pool's water. It was really quite nasty. You could clearly see suspended particles of pollutants in the water. It actually made me wonder whether the pool water was being recycled through a filter or not. Normally I wouldn't care about the pool, but again, in 100+ degree weather, a pool becomes kind of a necessity. Finally, I will have to give the hotel credit for their gym. Though it was not very big, it was well-stocked, the machines were in good condition, and each aerobic exercise machine had an individual LCD TV with its own headphone jack. Quite nice. Overall, this Westin aims at a very typical 3-star hotel experience, but falls in some aspects. If you're only looking for a bed to crash in after a night of partying in Vegas, this may be a good choice for the money. Just don't be disappointed when you try to shower after a hot Vegas day but can't find any shower gel in your room.	
Jul 28 2009 	Westin is always predictable!	I've stayed at many Westin Hotels, and without spending time searching, reviewing, researching, one always knows what you'll get at a Westin! Excellent service, friendly people, clean facility, Heavenly Beds and Heavenly Baths! The only reason I didn't give the room the highest rating was because it was very small...but, I knew this before going. Still, worth it! Every time! This Westin was about a block &quot;off the strip.&quot; Nice and quiet, and convenient walk to approximately the center of the Las Vegas Strip. Unfortunately, they wanted $16.99 PER DAY for high speed internet use, thus, not the highest rating for service. The reason for this, according to a desk clerk, was because they did not want people to stay in the rooms. They prefer them to be in the casino, spending.	
Jul 24 2009 	Beds are too good	Do not choose this hotel if you have to get up in the morning; the beds are fantastic. All in all, the Westin id a good hotel. The casino is small and the room are clean and of reasonable size. I will stay there again but not for business as It would he hard to get up early.	
Jul 24 2009 	Never Again	I thought I was taking advantage of a great rate and a great hotel. The hotel added a $15 service fee to the daily charge and the property sucks.Not everything sucks, but when you have some missing carpeting right in front of your room door you generally don't think Western! Then is looking over the inside of the room you note that some how a piece of floor molding is missing, wow, not a Western. But the coup de grace was when I excited the shower the largest cockroach was on top of the bathroom counter. When I reported it to the front desk the guy looks at me and says &quot;well you kow it is Vegas and gets real hot in the summer and that's when they come out.&quot;Hey buddy, I live in SW FL and I don't have cockroaches crawling around my bathroom cause I have PEST CONTROL. All I can say, &quot;never again!&quot;P.S. Left a message with my compliants to the GM. I have never heard from the GM, so should it surprise me that the hotel is as downtrodden as it is?????	
Jul 19 2009 	Pet Friendly!!!	This is one of the properties we &quot;tested&quot; out during our week long trial of hotels for a family reunion later the year. I have to say this may be the winner. The main reason- pet friendly. There is a place right outside the strip where you can board pets, but it would be so much better to have them with you- well it would for our family. This facility was also family friendly. So, even though it is off strip, it will probably work well for us. The service was terrific and the rooms were very clean. I don't know if I would stay here if it was just the two of us becaue we like to be closer to the strip, but for a larger group to meet up,this was perfect! Unlike many &quot;brand name&quot; hotels in Vegas, this Westin lived up to the company name and image!	
Jul 16 2009 	it was nice	My family and I stayed here on christmas, it was enjoyable. The rooms where decent, and the location was actually pleasant. It is about 2 block away from the strip, therefore it was peaceful. They are pet friendly! that was great!	
Jul 15 2009 	Not a bad stay."	A friend and I spent July 4th weekend here and I don't have that many complaints about it.First, as everyone knows, the beds are fantastic. Once I laid down to relax, I didn't want to get back up and head into the Las Vegas summer heat. Everything was clean and dust free and the bathroom sparkled. My friend, being a typical alcoholic, was frustrated that the mini-bar was locked up. He called the front desk and a key was brought up quickly. Imagine my friend's dismay when he opens the mini-bar and the only items inside were two bottled waters and two miniature Diet Pepsi's!! Needless to say, I laughed at his alcoholic misfortune.My friend then saunters over to the window to open the curtains to get the grand view of Las Vegas. Another moment of laughter breaks from both of us as he throws the curtains open and discovers there's nothing but a wall behind it. He pushes the curtain aside a little more and we finally discover a half-wall window overlooking the pitiful pool 12 stories below us. I was planning on utilizing the hotel pool to get some sun and swim a little, but was quickly demotivated after seeing its small size and the amount of people already clogging it up.The casino in the hotel was usually always dead, but honestly, that's where I made all of my money. In fact the money I made in the hotel casino paid for the room and the gas to drive there (my half at least). The video blackjack was the best, especially if you're not a master player and don't want to make a fool out of yourself at the tables with your noobish knowledge of casino etiquette. Plus the video blackjack dealers were exquisite! Hey, what can I say? I appreciate a pretty lady whether she's digital or real!Inside the hotel is very nice. Outside it's not so much to look at. Especially with all the construction going on around it. But it's not like I spent a lot of time inside the room anyway. It's Vegas for Pete's sake!	
Jul 15 2009 	Good hotel near the strip	If you don't care staying at mega hotel, the Westin is a good choice to stay in Vegas. It is located on 1 block behind Flamingo Hilton, so it is in middle of the strip. The room is nice, the bed is comfortable, but ask for rooms that are not near the elevetor. We got one that near elevator, it was kinda noisy with drunk people talking so loud. They have a restaurant, and we had a breakfast there, and it is not recommended. It was $18 for buffet breakfast and the choices are sux.	
Jul 13 2009	dirty sheets 	we went to vegas with my huge family. we had 3 side-by-side rooms. our room looked so clean when we first checked in. really nice. bathroom looks so modern too. when it was time for bed, my young sons pulled their comforter back and there was makeup still on it from either the previous guest or the maid. and when one of us goes to the bathroom, i literally don't want to breathe. they do not have fans or ventilation in the rooms. you just simply have to wait for the nasty odor to go away. now, that sucks!	
Jul 12 2009 	For the Price I Paid- TOP NOTCH	I recently stayed at the Westin Causarina from July 9-12. I booked through priceline and named my own price. To be fairly honest- you get what you get- right? There is no way I will complain about my stay when I paid such a low rate. For 65 a night in Denver you'd be staying at the Super 8 at best. Overall, it was a good experience. The staff was extremely friendly including front desk, bartenders and dealers. The room was clean, the mini fridge was handy. We stocked it with beer from the liquor store that is 1 block away. The location is fantastic. Some have complained about the short 7 minute walk. We have friends who stayed at Mandalay Bay and the Luxor. It took them longer to walk from thier room to the front of their hotel then it took us to walk to the strip. What more can I say about the beds than they are HEAVENLY! I have never slept so well at a hotel...the dual showerhead was also great. We also appreciated the Starbucks Coffee in the room every morning. Basically I had no complaints except of course, I didn't expect the $15/day resort charge. However, we drank that much alcohol for sure at happy hour. My husband had two complaints: no fan in the bathroom and housekeeping never restocked the sugar or stir sticks for coffee. One call and that would have been taken care of.No bed bugs, no dusty towels, no cockroaches and I didn't even have stained carpet. Don't be scared by all the other negative reviews.	
Jul 8 2009 	Heavenly Beds..	HOTEL. Relatively small compared to some of the major hotels on the Strip, but very Westin- like. STAFF. Did not get to interact with the staff much; too consumed by the beds.ROOM. Typical Las Vegas- size rooms with &quot;heavenly beds&quot;. The only downfall-- not wanting to get up! SHOWER. Like any other Las Vegas bathroom/ shower.LOCATION. Just slightly off the &quot;Strip&quot; right behind the Paris hotel, but definitely walkable to the Strip. ATTRACTION. When in Vegas, taxi it.TIP(S). They've got small minimum value tables for the Blackjack players.	
Jul 8 2009 	VERY NICE 	Don't believe all the negative reviews. It is nice and clean. The beds are HEAVENLY soft!!!!! The casino was not as small as I thought it would be. It is in a great location and you can walk to Ballys, PH, Bills, Flamingo, Bellagio. If you walk further to other hotels in 110 teperture you will suffer from a heat stroke or heat exhaustion.	
Jul 7 2009 	Not a bad hotel just not my preference	I stayed at the Westin over 4th of July weekend with a friend of mine. We bid on a 4 star on Priceline and this is the hotel we got. I would not classify it as a 4 star, 3 star yes. We were upgraded to a deluxe double on the 15th floor but it wasn’t anything special. We didn’t even have a min-fridge as some other rooms did. The carpet in the halls did have stains on it. It makes you wonder if that is because they allow pets. The room was a good size. The beds were extremely comfortable. No flat screen TV, ipod dock or any frills. The bath tub was worn out and stained. But overall the room was clean. The pool is very small. We were only able to go to the pool one time because it was too packed. I didn’t use the fitness center or parking lot, which is covered by the $15/day plus tax resort fee. The casino is very small and empty. We didn’t gamble so we didn’t mind, it also made navigating your way back to your room at night easier. There is a happy hour from 5:30-7:30 in a small banquet like room. We stopped in the first night. It was kind of like we were crashing a reception. Free beer and wine! The location of the Westin is about 2 blocks off of the strip, not far. The walk is a little skeptical with bums and broken beer bottles and garbage along the way. It didn’t really bother us but it’s not what you want to see, especially when you’re staying at a “resort”. It’s about a $12 taxi ride from the airport. Would I choose to stay here again? No. I always bid on Priceline and have gotten the Luxor, TI, Monte Carlo, etc. so I was a little disappointed. We got the room for $75/nt so it wasn’t too bad. It’s not a bad hotel, just not my preference.	
Jul 2 2009	Great gem off the strip	Stayed here with family during a cross country trip and absolutely loved it. The rooms were fair sized and the beds in their rooms are extremely comfortable. They also allow pets which is a plus since we had ours with us. The staff is very attentive and helpful as well. The casino is much smaller and less packed than the casinos on the strip but the strip is only a 10 or so minute walk away so the action is very close by. Ordered the room service once and although it was expensive it was very good. Only issue we had with the hotel was occasionally the hot water in the shower would turn cold then hot sporadically but wasn't a huge problem.	
Jun 29 2009 	Quite good	Those complaining about it not being on the strip should have taken the five seconds it takes to look at the map and see where it is located. It never promises to be on the strip. but it is extremely close -- barely off it,a tiny walk and you are there. It is pretty central along the strip too, so the location is quite good, I think!Nice rooms, friendly staff, pretty nice casino too. Got hit with an unexpected 15 dollar a night service fee when we checked in, but since parking was included in that and you usually pay that anyway in big cities' parking garages (and it included a few other small perks too), it was not a very big deal.Free drinks and snacks during happy hour was very appreciated!	
Jun 29 2009 	Don't be misled by the pictures	I have returned home from my weekend in Las Vegas. I came into this experience with an open mind after I had received your email. In that email, you told me that you were going to make it your personal challenge to make sure I would want to return to the Westin. Let me be honest, there were some things that were not at all acceptable to me. First of all, service in the slot area - We could never get a cold drink. 2. The slot machines were continually jammed or wouldn't take our money. It got so frustrating always waiting on someone to come fix our machine. At one point, my husband had to have the girl come back to the same machine twice to get his ticket out and I told her that the machine next to that one would not accept money. She told me that there was nothing she could do that the tech would be there in 20 minutes. I find it hard to believe that in Las Vegas every casino would not have a tech on duty 24/7. 3. On Saturday, we got up early with the intentions of sight seeing then coming back to the pool to relax for awhile before going to dinner. It was so hot and we were really anxious to get cooled off. When i got to the pool, I was furious and quites honestly, from that point on, I was ready to go home. I have never seen a pool so tiny. There was no room to sit or to even get in the pool for that matter without being right on top of someone. I didn't expect for it to be exquisite however, I did expect for it to be at least a regular size swimming pool. 4. I found no difference between a regular room and my &quot;deluxe&quot; room. Again, the description online doesn't really tell the truth. It suggested that we would have complimentary snacks and drinks and a hair dryer. I asked for those items. I did receive the hair dryer but that was all. We couldn't even use the refrigerator for the drinks we purchased because it was locked.  5. Our bathroom was extremely dusty. The towels were placed under the sink and you could see the thick dust as you used the commode. 6. On Saturday evening, I checked my account summary. It showed the fees that we had discussed and that you so kindly waived. Well, yes, they were on there. I called the front desk and the girl told me that they would be taken off after they posted that night. Well, when I got my statement that morning, my credit card was charged. I again called downstairs and told her that I was not to be charged and that there was a copy of the email you had sent me there because I had talked to the girl the night before. She put me on hold for about 5 minutes and came back and said they would take care of it. i told her that I must have a new statement showing that my account had been credited and nothing was due. She said ok. Well, about 10 minutes later, a lady from billing called and said that everything was taken care of . I thanked her and told her that I need a new receipt. She told me that the computer wouldn't print one because nothing was due. I told her that I had to have one showing my credit card being credited back and one showing that I did not owe anything even if she had to just type something up. I finally did get receipts. I tried to use express checkout and it said I had to go to the desk downstairs. I went down and they just said ok. Now, why couldn't I just check out?  As for the walk to the strip, it was much farther than I anticipated. The picture of the rooms online at least showed a beautiful view of the city and we certainly did not have that either. The beds were extremely comfortable but that was the only good thing I found at the Westin. It certainly is not a 4 star hotel. Perhaps if it was in a location, it would be considered 4 star.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great location.	Booked by our agent and was very pleased. Basic rooms but good location. Breakfast buffet is a bit of a bun fight and a very small area considering the size of the hotel. Had to send my coffee back 3 times due to milk being off but staff were apologetic. Free drinks from 5.30 to 7.30 but kept being pushed back into a holding area to drink them, felt a little pressured. Nice nibbles to with them though.	
Jun 20 2009 	Dont expect Westin and you wont be dissappointed	We &quot;won&quot; the Westin on Priceline as a 4 star hotel on the strip. Just so you know this hotel is not on the strip. It is about 3 blocks back from staying on the strip. You have to walk through a lower income area to get to the strip. I felt a little uncomfortable with the walk since I had my mother and grandmother with me. The lobby looks like a Westin, there is a small smoke free casino that is nice if you don't feel like walking down to the strip. It is the trip to the rooms that you notice that this is not a Westin Quality. The carpet is dirty and worn there are tears all over. The room was ok. It felt dirty even thought it wasn't. The view was of a vacant lot with lots of machinery. The issues started happening when my mom called me and said there was a cockroach on the floor in her bathroom. She wasn't upset just a little suprised to find that at a Westin. It wasn't until later that night when she called me saying there were bugs in the bed. I am not an expert on bugs, but she is a retired military nurse. So when she said they were crabs, well I believed her. I did see little bugs on the sheets that were moving around when she showed me. Now the only way crabs get there is that someone infected with the STD slept in the sheets and they did not change or wash them. I talked to the manager at the desk and he apologized. He moved them immediatly to another room, not a better room just another room. He said to make up for the inconvience they could have a meal at the diner or something from the bar. I was very upset by this time. My mom said to let it be and we will have a dinner before our show that night. We went to the Sude and everyone ordered dinner with soup along with a $26 bottle of wine for the table. We charged it to the room thinking it would be comped when we checked out. During check out we were handed a bill for the dinner and I explained that the manager on site said the dinner was comped due to the inconvience. The manager that had said this was off that day and the new manager knew nothing about the incident. I was told &quot;This is Vegas and everyone is trying to get one over on us&quot; and he would not comp the charges. Even with pictures and verification from head security guy that was on scene to prove there was an actual incident. So now we are out money for the dinner and my mom at risk of having an STD from sleeping in the contaminated sheets. Not to mention she has lupus and this will compromise her immune system. I am done with the Westin from now on. I wish I could have written a better review for them.	
Jun 17 2009 	Our experience was excellent and we would definitely return	From the moment we checked in for four nights to the moment we checked out we were 100% happy with the Westin. Every single employee we encountered was polite, helpful and eager to please. We had 3 rooms reserved and each one was clean as was the hallway on our floor. We left a request for the maid (with a $5 tip) for more shampoo and towels and not only did we have our request fulfilled each day, she straightened our shoes too! We felt pampered and appreciated. Our children are young adults who took advantage of the &quot;happy hour&quot; every day with free beer and unwind massages. The staff was always smiling and consistently asked us if there was anything we needed. There are two points I want to address- first, the location of the hotel. Many were upset because they found out the hotel is not DIRECTLY on the strip and they were expecting a huge property like other mega casinos on the strip. But you can see the strip from the hotel- its only a block away! This is our 19th trip to Vegas and we have stayed at just about all of the mega casinos. We liked the Westin because it didn't have the shoulder to shoulder crowds, the beds really are heavenly and the staff was so likeable. We had other family members staying at Paris, New York New York, Caesars Palace and Trump Tower who came to the Westin to meet up for various excursions ( because it is centrally located- another plus) and they all said the same thing- what a cool, quaint casino and hotel. They ended up hanging around gambling and most had good luck. It was nice to get away from the crowds and retreat to the Westin (many other comments say the same thing). The black jack dealers were funny as hell and we enjoyed many laughs(thanks &quot;Heather&quot;). We also &quot;discovered&quot; Ellis Island Casino from others comments and we had a blast going there. The $4.99 steak and egg breakfast and the $6.99 steak dinner were a huge hit with all of us.Second, I want to address the resort fee. We flew Delta and for the first time we were charged $15 per bag each way. Family members who stayed at Trump Towers told us they were charged a $15/day resort fee and they don't even have a casino or restaurant. I think this is becoming a sign of the times for many businesses, not just Westin. We used their parking, we used the pool, we used the workout room and we enjoyed the daily happy &quot;unwind&quot; hours so I must say I didn't feel cheated. I still feel I got a great deal even with the resort fee added on.I saved the best for last. I had the pleasure of meeting Erin Padigos, the service express manager for the Westin. She was so sweet, kind and helpful that I just wanted to give her a bear hug for all she did for us. All the employees were wonderful but she was &quot;extra-special.&quot; So if you will be staying there go in with a positive attitude and give them a fair chance. They deserve it.	
Jun 8 2009 	It's a 3 star at best	$17.95 Internet access, limited food options, limited TV channel choices, no service at pool and you may or may not be able to get a lounge. Mediocre staff, stained carpet throughout the hallway	
Jun 1 2009 	Very good service	I read a lot of bad reviews, so I was concerned when I drove to Vegas for a wedding. But when I checked into the hotel, I felt comfortable and was welcomed with good customer service. The staff was polite and very helpful listening to my requests and fulfilling them without delay. The rooms were clean and updated. The lobby bar was well stocked and presentable. The restaurant, Suede, had the best food I've every seen in a hotel that wasn't on The Strip. Overall, the experience was great. Yes, the hotel is not directly on the strip, but it was a close walking distance away. For the price and location, you really cant complain. I know now that if I was unable to book a room on the strip, I would consider the Westin on Flamingo Road.	
May 30 2009 	decent room decent value too many other better places to stay	so many other places to stay in vegas, don't stay here unless you're on a tight budget.	
May 26 2009 	Not a four star hotel and additional charges are charged to your account.	We went for memorial day weekend and we booked here because we thought it to be the best value for what was &quot;stated&quot; to be a four star hotel. BEWARE NOT a four star hotel, the lobbies to enter your room have filthy carpet, the rooms are nsmall and nothing as the pictures online show.In addition, if you book online beware...they will charge your credit card an additional charge called &quot;service charge&quot; upon your leaving. My husband and I always book our hotels online and we have NEVER been charged a hotel service charge, however this hotel charges a service charge for providing no service. According to the customer service staff this hotel charges a service charge for any customer that books there hotel online and that's the reason for the &quot;service charge&quot;. It's interesting how when confronted that no other hotels charge for this, the customer service representative stated other customers had stated the same thing.	
May 24 2009 	Ranked 95th in popularity should be lower...	I stayed here for business a few months ago, and it sort of served the purpose, although it definitely does not deserve the Westin tag. So I brought the family for a long holiday weekend and used Starwood points. I won't ever do that again. This hotel should be razed and rebuilt somewhere else. It embarrasses me to be a Starwood Platinum when they tout hotels like this dump. Lousy service, lousy food, lousy casino, lousy location, lousy rooms (old, smelly, ugly)...I could go on, but I'll just get more depressed. Stay away!	
May 23 2009 	I wouldn't stay there again!	Booked the Westin Casuarine through Priceline's Name Your Own Price feature. I bid 70$ per night for a 4 star on the south strip. As with the previous reviewer, I have the same complaints. First of all, this is not a 4 star (even less a resort) and it is not on the strip... It is located behind Bill's Gambling Hall and the Flamingo. For a fast walker, it is at least a five minute walk from behind those hotels. Fortunately, I got this hotel for pretty cheap, so I can't complain too much... but I would NEVER pay the full price rate this ''resort'' is asking for (around 169$ a night for weekdays).I had a nice room on the tenth floor with one king bed. The room was very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable... probably one of the best hotel beds i've stayed in. The room was very well decorated. In-room amenities included iron and ironing board, bar ($$), phone, alarm clock, safe, cable TV, shampoo &amp; conditioner and a Starbuck's coffee maker (the tassimo kind). From what I've read from the previous reviews, this is actually an old revamped hotel (Maxim)... but I would never have guessed it. Everything looked modern and clean. My only complaints with regards to the room are: 1) no fan in the bathroom (after a shower the whole bathroom fogs up and takes an hour to clear) 2) not enough soap (they supply you with one bar of soap per day... although it's a nice smelling soap, the bar is way too thin and barely lasts one shower).There is a casino on the main floor, but don't expect much action there. There's rarely more than 10 players in there at a time. Only moments it gets busy is during happy hour (5pm to 8pm I believe... for .25c roulette, 3 dollar blackjack).My biggest complaint with this Westin is the 15.00$ + 1.66$/day of resort fee they charge you. This fee came as a big surprise to me because I booked this hotel with Name Your Own Price and I expected my bid to be the total price. For 5 nights, this came up to 80 something dollars... not a negligible amount!! As per front desk, this fee covers the following: free local calls, pool access, free parking and the Westin WORKOUT area... big whoop. Most hotels offer this for free. And the ones who don't usually charge a resort fee that is much less excessive than 16.66$ a day!! Basically, it's a scam! When you look at the surrounding hotels that actually ARE on the strip (Flamingo's, Bally's, Imperial Palace, Harrah's, etc) and what they have to offer, there is no doubt that the Westin Casuarina is NOT a resort. So, to summarize, the Westin Casuarina is not a bad hotel. It offers clean rooms and is reasonably close to the action. If you don't mind walking a little bit to get to the strip and you are able to get it for cheap (max 65-70 a night with resort fee) with Hotwire and Priceline, then I would recommend it. Otherwise, at that price, you are much better off staying on the strip.**Be careful with the abusive charges I've noticed: 5.95$ for the bottle of water in the room (there's two free ones in the bathroom, some people could be confused and open up the expensive one instead).16.00$ a day for internet access.International calls: 60$ a minute + connection fee	
May 20 2009 	Priceline buyers beware	Got this hotel as a 4star bid on the strip. It's not on the strip and it's not 4star. Having said that we paid $70 so don't feel ripped off. However, the hotel is dated. I remember staying there when it was the Maxim in 1982. Not a whole lot better now. The entire hotel needs a makeover. The beds are great and the double shower heads were nice. The pool area is too small. Tried to go one day and there were no spots to be had. The &quot;unwind&quot; happy hour was an expected plus. Free wine. beer and sodas with some snacks. Parking was very easy. The fitness area was good compared by most hotels. We had breakfast the last day and were convinced by the server to have the buffet since it wasn't much more than having any of their entrees. What he didn't say was that the buffet was closing in 10 minutes, which we found out after we went up for some food. Our stay was okay but definitely wouldn't go back to this Westin until it gets refurbished.	
May 19 2009 	An okay place to stay just off the Las Vegas strip	Not much to write, actually. It's a Westin located one block off the strip. It's location is good in that you can get anywhere on the strip pretty easily. However, while we were there, the casino was deserted - it was hard to say if anybody else was at the hotel besides the 50-60 of us there for our training conference. The facilities for the training were fine, and the food provided during the conference by the hotel was pretty darn good. So all in all it was an okay place to stay.	
May 18 2009 	Not your average luxerious Westin!!	Westins are suppose to be Shereton's (Starwood program) higher end hotels. This hotel did offer some nice amenites but it is not the 4 star property I had hoped.The location for myself was not a problem. Yes, it is not on the strip but it is only a 10-15 minute walk . The monorail at Balley's is real close... say 5 minutes or so (depends on if you catch the light to cross the street). Parking is easy since it is a smaller resort. You can self park or use the valet.The rooms are decently decorated. The bed is comfortable and the TV has the generic cable channels to view. The double headed shower can be pleasant for some but it lacked the &quot;power&quot; to really &quot;massage&quot; you.One surprise is the &quot;unwind&quot; happy hour. Nightly from 5-7 pm there was a &quot;free&quot; happy hour with wine and beer and appetizers. There were not a lot of tables to sit at so if you did not get there early or find some in the hall next to the casino, then you either stood or took your drinks and food up to your room. They would not let you sit in the restaurant which is adjacent to the happy hour &quot;lounge&quot;.The casino is not the Vegas casino that some come here for. It is a small casino with a few tables and slot machines. The cocktail waitresses are not very good about coming around to see if you would like a beverage.  The other thing I did not like.... this is a non-smoking hotel. I like that... but they allow smoking in the casino which then creates second hand smoke in the hotel. YUK!We did not eat in the hotel but not far away is Ellis Island. This is a small local casino with a Bar-B-Que meal to die for. They brew their own beer and you will need to order 1 plate for 2 people (unless you are really hungry). You will have a feast for $10 and beers are only another $1. Ellis Island is just off Flamingo at Koval (left out of the hotel for 1/2 block).The pool at the hotel is fairly bland for Vegas standards. But they did have enough lounge chairs for the few up there.The hotel also offered free airline check in so you could print up you airline boarding pass if you needed too (another one of those deals added to your resort fee).We were here on a timeshare presentation deal... so we paid very little for our room. Therefore, it is not fair for me to judge &quot;value&quot; of this hotel. But anything more than $100 a night would be too much for me considering the &quot;daily hotel/resort fee&quot; of $15/day added on. It is an OK hotel. Enjoy the happy hour and you may feel like you got your money's worth on the extra fee.	
May 18 2009 	Westin I expect alot more from you	We stayed at the Westin while for both business and pleasure. It was the first weekend away I had with my husband alone in well over a year and I was really looking forward to it. My husband had to fly in from Tucson while I drove from Socal and he specifically called to make sure to add my name to the reservation about 4 hours before I arrived. I got there and sure enough, my name was nowhere to be found. I couldn't call my husband since he was on a plane and I had to fight to check in. Having an uncommon last name ended up saving me. The rooms are nice enough and the location is about 2 blocks from center Strip which is nice. Around 3:30 in the morning we were woken by a chirping sound coming from our fire alarm. Evidentally the batteries had not been changed every six months like the fire marshall always says to do. So we grumbled and groaned and called the front desk to have someone come fix it in the middle of the night. He came and he was friendly but he left us a candy bar as their apology. A candy bar. At the Westin. In Las Vegas. Hey- how about a meal comp? This is Vegas after all. I would have sooner taken a slap in the face then a 50 cent &quot;oops my bad&quot;. The next day my husband went downstairs and told the staff in the lobby about our check in debaucle and fire alarm issue. What did the guy do? He waived the $15 restocking fee. Gee thanks. Thank you for waving a made up charge that should have never been on the bill in the first place. You just lost a repeat business customer and got a bad review on trip advisor. I think that was worth a tad more than a $15 restocking fee.	
May 8 2009 	Lower your expectations	The placement of this hotel must have been done by someone flying along the stript, and tossing a die out of the helicopter hoping for the best. It is oddly placed a few blocks from the strip, past a run-down convenience store and with a parking lot on one side and undeveloped land on all other sides. The first impression of the Westin Casuarina is that of the small size, compared to the mega-resorts a few blocks up along the strip. This is perhaps both a curse and a blessing. It is easy to navigate around the hotel, there are no mile-long corridors nor a huge casino to get through just go get from one end of the hotel to another. The flipside is that there is little choice of places to eat and drink, and there is a lack of some amenities which the mega-resorts on the strip offer.Stepping into the lobby below the Westin sign you would expect a Westin but you have actually stepped into a Sheraton. The front desk staff are friendly, and check-in is fast and painless. The walk to my room on the 4th floor is short. The room itself has a delightful greenish wallpaper, one of those colours you either love or hate. There is a recently refurbished bathroom with a bizarre dual head shower, two large twin beds, a desk and a couple of chairs and a small table. Everything you need, but the beds dominate the room and with two people you will may find yourself bumping into each other from time to time. There is a small coffeemaker in the bathroom. Of course there are the usual products like shampoo and body wash. There is also an in-room safe which is always nice to have. The beds, although dominating the room, were indeed heavenly and provided several nights of very good sleep. The rooms do have a slightly old and worn feel about them and there is no air of luxury throughout the hotel as you would expect from a 4-star Westin. Hotels are at least 50% about location, location, location and the location of this hotel is certainly not the worst but not the best either. The walk to the strip is about 10 minutes and takes you up to Bills' Gamblin' Hall and Casino, where night owls may take advantage of their recession-busting 6-dollar prime rib, served from 11pm to 7am. The walk back though is a different story. After hours of walking round, that extra walk seems much longer than 10 minutes. You can also fairly easily walk to Bally's. The monorail stop is quite a walk as you have to enter through the Flamingo - although the monorail stop itself is ironically very close to the Westin. The walk to the strip is straightforward enough but I am not sure I would feel safe if I was a lone female traveller. The convenience store between the strip and the hotel is indeed very cheap compared to the hotel minibar but offers little apart from snacks and drinks. There is a restaurant in the hotel which I have not tried, but always seemed to fully booked throughout the evening. Room service, sorry &quot;in-room dining&quot;, did provide a nice breakfast and service was well within the 30-45 minutes quoted. The food was not spectacular - simply average. Average is a good word to describe the whole hotel, it is certainly not luxurious but not run-down either. &quot;Dull&quot; is perhaps another word that would come to mind to describe it.Their spa is not dull and turned out to be a very pleasurable experience. Keep in mind that you are not in a &quot;themed&quot; hotel so do not expect opulent surroundings. Rather, it is muted, plush and comfortable. The men's steam baths are closed as I write this, but their sauna is open. Before a treatment you wait in the relaxation room, which humorously was not very relaxing as they had the same music there as the rest of the hotel. It was a welcome change from the whale song and pan flutes but relaxing it was not. Tea and coffe as well as nuts and fruit are provided. My treatments were very relaxing and the therapists good. My massage therapist was even willing to break his normal routine to work on some of my problem areas. At 280 dollars for a facial and a 50 hour massage, the cost did seem a bit steep but this is Vegas and up on the strip the costs can be higher.Upon checking out you are presented with a daily resort fee. The hotel seems to be at pains to explain the benefits of the fee, but it does seem like poor value for money. One can question why the hotel has chosen to charge this fee, which is in fact not much money but it is more the fact that you need to pay regardless of having taken advantage of the services that are included with the fee that incenses people. The charge of 17 dollars or so for Internet access also seems rather steep. About 150 metres further down the street there is a souped-up Super8 motel, offering free internet access. Suddenly, their offering seems attractive and it seems odd that such as commodity as internet access it not offered for free or at a much lower cost.So why would you stay at the Westin Casuarina? If you prefer a smallish hotel at a reasonable price not too far from the strip this could be the hotel for you. It is also convenient for those who do not want the hustle and bustle of strip hotels - if you have a car this hotel is great as access is completely off-strip. There is little walking inside the hotel itself. It is certainly not a &quot;happening&quot; place, so nightlife lovers look elsewhere. The casino is smoke free which is a plus for some. That said, do consider other off-strip hotels, some of which provide the same value at a lower cost.	
May 6 2009 	craptacular	there's is no way this hotel is a 4-star hotel!!! the people at the check-in counter and lobby are very rude and unhelpful. We had to call maintenance at 3:30AM to try to get our airconditioner fixed because it was over 80 degrees in the room and then when we called the following morning (monday) to request late check-out, they refused to grant it to us even though the hotel was not fully booked for that day. The casino is tiny...includes a very limited number of slot machines and only a few tables. also, BE AWARE - they charge a $15 PLUS TAX hotel service charge per night for the &quot;complimentary&quot; valet, phone, and for the two &quot;complimentary&quot; bottles and water in the rooms....we were told this charge is mandatory even if you did not use the valet or the phone or any other services. They would still charge you even if you flew into vegas and used taxis. So apparently, these services are NOT complimentary!the only positives were that the bartenders were great as was the service received at the Suede Restaurant..	
May 5 2009 	Not the Westin service you expect	1st mistake was letting Priceline book my stay. Never again. Chose a 4 star accomodation hoping against hope but select a strip location. You'd have to hike in the heat to get to the strip which is a 5 min hike away. Not the strip. Next, they have their signature Heavenly Bed which is very nice but no robe, no slippers not the usual amenitites. In fairness they will bring them if you ask. Walls are extremely thin and I do not want to hear conversations or other goings on of other guests. It apparently is a business hotel, not tourists or leisure travelers. Only basic food and bar services contracted to Causarina, not run by Westin . Not worthy of Westin. Used to be Maxim (?) hotel. Plus, the real kicker is they charge a $15 per night &quot;Service fee&quot; for apparently nothing except that once on the hook, they can. Wireless charge is $16.99 per night! Not me again. Stay there only if you have to and/or someone else is paying. Someone broke into another guest's car while I was there.	
May 4 2009 	It's not too late. Do NOT check into this hotel.	Priceline considers the Westin Casuarina Las Vegas a 4 star hotel. NO WAY. I am very disappointed with Priceline and will NOT use them again. At best, it is a 2 star. I would rate the hotel a &quot;0&quot; but the staff were breathing (and quickly brought things that should've been there in the first place). This hotel is nothing like other Westins we have stayed in. It is a semi-remodeled cheap hotel. In this hotel, left over food was left on trays outside rooms for over 12 hours. The carpets throughout were dirty. The room was small and drab. Thankfully, it did not smell like smoke but just did not have a clean feel to it at all. There was a $15.00 a day fee for &quot;complimentary services&quot; such as water, the pool, and fitness center. Consumer BEWARE that Priceline did not inform me about the extra $15.00 a day - this is charged even if you did not use any of the services. The pool was nothing special and very small. There was not enough chairs for guests unless you wanted to dish out another $75.00 for premier and shaded seating (that took up a good portion of the pool area). They also charged $17.99 a day for internet. They didn't even have free internet in the tiny &quot;Business Center.&quot; Overall, theis experience mirrored staying in a cheap hotel chain. Except that the Westin charged you extra for lots of things that typically come free in much cheaper hotels. As I see it, the only advantage is that they accept pets. Unless you are traveling with your pet- I recommend you stay clear of this hotel.	
May 2 2009 	Not Westin Standards	We've stayed at this hotel several times in the last five years and it is in a great location if you want to be off the strip but yet not too far away, only a couple of blocks. It's next door to a convenience store/gas station for your needs, which are a lot more reasonable than the hotel prices. There is a Starbucks in the lobby which offers a light breakfast option. A quick cut through Bally's across the street will get you to Paris Hotel and the main strip. Our stay last week however showed hotel standards seem to be slipping. We had no hot water the first morning, informed the desk and then went on our way for the afternoon. That evening when we returned, our room had not been cleaned at all and we had to request fresh towels from room service. The next morning, we still had no hot water. No one had bothered to check the problem or offer us a room change if they couldn't fix it. I'm disappointed this time with our visit. It doesn't hold up to Westin standards.	
May 2 2009 	It is just OK	After reading the reviews posted on Trip Adviser, I nearly cancelled my reservation. But this is Starwood Westin, surely Starwood would not allow this property to be that bad!!! The stay was OK.The hotel room given upon check in had stained and torn carpet. I requested another room, was given one on 16th floor that had a newer carpet that did not show the stain. Housekeeping was not very prompt and not consistent in service. The bellman sucked! NEVER opened a door for you even if your hands were full and they were not busy at all, just standing around. And the Concierge staff does not only know how to be inviting, but does not know much about the city. When requesting information on public transformation, refers you to take a taxi.As this is Starwood property, we expected a smoke free environment which as stated by signs around the hallways that it is. I also had to sign an agreement that if I did smoke, I would pay a fine. But the casino located in the lobby is NOT smoke free. The restaurant serves an OK breakfast, however all is very oily/greasy, service, portion sizes and side that come with the meal are not consistent from one order to next. The smoke from the lobby/casion rolled into the hotel room through the air system.I did not use the pool, fitness center (too small and crowded with too much equipment) nor business center, did not receive fax,etc - so the $15/day additional fee above the room rate and taxes was a rip off!! Internet is additional $17/day. So by the time you add the two charges to the daily hotel rate, staying in another higher end hotel would be better.	
Apr 30 2009 	Hassle Free Choice in Excellent Location	If you don't want to deal with the large casinos this property is ideally situated right off the strip. You also get the Heavenly beds and the bar is ok. We may not go back, but it is not a bad choice for Vegas if you can get a good rate.	
Apr 27 2009 	Stain City	The Westin is off the strip about 4 blocks. It has a small casino which we actually used several times as the tables at the larger hotels are always so packed. The bed was nice, but the overal hotel was not that great. Not a 4 Star and not like other Westins. The stains were everywhere, from the floors to the walls to the comforter. The staff was friendly enough and check in and out was quick. No major complaints, but would not stay again and probably wouldn't really recommend it. As the other reviews mention, they did charge you extra $15 if you used Priceline like I did. I think it covered my bottle water in the room, so I would have drank more of it, I had realized that. The pool area was small, but clean. There was a little bar. The staff at the pool was very friendly. The chairs were full and they did their best to direct you to open seats etc.If you get it on priceline, you will survive. If you are making a choice on where to stay and unless the bargain is too good to pass up, go somewhere else.	
Apr 22 2009 	Only stay here if you have no better options.	Be aware that this hotel charges a resort fee of $15.00 plus tax a day. I stayed there 4 days so I was charged and extra $60.00 plus on top of my room rate. This hotel really didn't offer much inregards to restaurants either. The casino is very small and not very populated. This hotel did have an enterprise rent a car inside, which was handy when I needed to rent a car for a day during my stay. My room itself was nice and clean. The view from my room was not the greatest. You could see the Wynn in the distance but in the foreground was a giant parking lot for employees of harrah's and Imperial Palace. I was able to get my room for 50% off thru priceline's name your own price feature, but I would not stay at this hotel for it's normal room rate of $140.00 a night.	
Apr 21 2009 	A fun weekend in Vegas	Vegas is a lot to take in, plenty of lights and noise. The Westin is a nice hotel just off the strip (but very close!) for a nice quiet restful stay in Vegas after the fast life on the strip.Visit a casino or 2 (or Ten…), eat in a buffet (the Paris breakfast is not bad). See a show – and go sleep it off in the Westin – just what we needed. We had a view of the strip without the noise, room was big, clean and comfy, stuff friendly, and the sky-train station is just across the street – for visiting the hotels up the strip. There was even Starbucks coffee-maker in the room.	
Apr 21 2009 	It depends what you're looking for	This review is a little late (a year to be exact) but I don't suspect the Hotel has changed much.We booked the room on Priceline, which lists it as a strip hotel, but it isn't. The good:-Clean room with a nice bathroom-Comfortable bed- The westin heavenly bed with about 100 pillows.-Nice pool- small, but nice, hot tub area and a bar.-Starbuck's in the lobbySubject to interpretation:-This hotel is either quiet and relaxing or really boring.-It is either away from the hustle and bustle of the strip or...away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. About a 10 minute walk to Bill's Gamblin' Hall, a couple minutes to Bally's back door. A few minutes to Ellis Island (ask for the steak and eggs special, not on the menu)-The casino is dead dead dead, honestly 5 people in the Casino at 9 pm on a Friday night. If you don't like to see anyone while you are gambling, I guess this could be a good thing.It is just a quiet comfy hotel that would be just fine if you are traveling on business or are Mormon, but for a fun time in Las Vegas, you might want to look elsewhere.	
Apr 20 2009 	Terrible room ripoff charges horrible service - cannot rate badly enough	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We paid $110 per night plus service charges and fees that added up to around $375. Upon leaving, we found a nice note informing us of $50 in extra 'service' charges just for staying there. I found the hotel on Priceline and was in fact offered the price by the hotel directly (as I had bid less). So any and all charges should have been included as it was their price, not mine. Upon leaving I complained to the manager, who was very rude. I maintained a level tone and avoided inappropriate language in making my complaint but insisted upon a refund. Instead of dealing with the issue, the manager called security and had us escorted out of the hotel - myself, my wife, our two and a half year old son, and our 9 month old baby - really classy on their part and humiliating for us. Oh, the room - not at all 4 class. This is at best a 3 star hotel, and a 3 star well on its way to a 2 star. I have included photos of the drilled in safe (not very useful) and the shower with a huge brown stain on its way out. The picture of the bathroom is symbolic of the whole room's condition - very worn out and not at all reminiscent of a Westin except if it was a nightmare.	
Apr 19 2009 	Scam fees and rude staffs	We all know Westin is great for the the bed and etc BUT this hotel charges you a hidden fees unlike other westin Hotel.When we checkout, we were bill for $15 a day for service fees. When we ask what are the charges for, guess what, those free water in the room, fax usage, pool and steam room usage are the service fees. EVEN IF YOU DID NOT USED IT.They mandatory charges customers and said its legal.Most Hotel don;t charge you at all for the free water that they compliment you, never mind those $5.95 bottle water nor the amenites in the hotel. We are unhappy with these charges and contacted the corporate office, they said the fees was applied to us since we booked it through a 3rd party.I would AVIOD this hotel. You got tons of other hotel with better service and amenities without charging you extra.They did not tell you during check in AT ALL. SCAM SCAM SCAM.	
Apr 15 2009 	NOT 4 star the worst Westin I've stayed at	I bid $100 through Priceline for 3 rooms, 2 nights. Firstly, BEWARE there is an extra $15 charge per room per night as a &quot;resort fee&quot;. The &quot;resort fee&quot; covers the swimming pool and other &quot;services&quot; that are normally included in the room rate. Unabashed ripoff!Secondly, the hotel was NOISY both nights. I expect some noise in the hallway in Vegas on a weekend, but this was bad. The door does nothing to stop noise from the hallway. If you don't mind getting woke up at 2, 3 and 4am by people returning to their rooms, this is your hotel.Thirdly, this is NOT a 4 star hotel. At best, it's a 3 star and on the way down. If you've stayed at any other Westin and are expecting this location to be on a par with it, lower your expectations. The rooms are well-appointed but very small and show wear and tear just about everywhere.Fourth, the hotel is NOT really that close to the strip. If you plan on going to the strip, stay on the strip if at all possible.Finally, the hotel is VERY dog friendly. This is great if you have a dog with you and bad if your allergic or not a dog person.	
Apr 12 2009 	Not a 4 star Hotel	Priceline gave us this hotel as a 4 star hotel. (A good two star) .You will not find a smaller hotel room that is rated 4 star anywhere in North America. We had to get the room cleaned as the door was grubby and sticky. Also, stains in the carpets inside and outside the rooms. They also charged an exctra $15 surcharge (resort tax they call it) and internet was another $16.Good part was it was quite, beds comfortable, and a good location.	
Apr 7 2009 	walked in on a complete stranger sleeping	The Westin Vegas.....well first of all my friend and I got to vegas later than expected around 10pm and our room wasnt even ready......so after they made us wait 45 minutes the room still wasn't ready....so we decide to meet our other friends who had arrived earlier......went back to the WESTIN around 1am and they said the room was eready...so we gather all our stuff go up to the room....swipe the card and walk in to a room with an already sleeping guest.......we were so pissed we went back to tell the bell hop they put us in a room that was already occupied (which is a hugh security issue btw) you know what the manager told us then??? they had no rooms available....now tell me how is it our room was ready yet the maid didn't notice the man sleeping in the bed they gave us???!!!! so that leads me to the conclusion that they do not check or clean rooms before renting them out!!! not to mention the poor guy we walked in on....they are lucky we didnt make a hugh scene. they also think they will make it up to us by comping one night stay.....ha like we want to stay here again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Was not far from the Strip at all	The hotel was like every other Sheraton Group Hotels which we were very accustomed to (being Starwood Members ourselves) and Westin Hotel in Las Vegas was no difference. It was everything we have expected it to be and its location was surprising NOT far from the main Strip and it was right behind Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; diagonally across from the back of Bally's Hotel. Room was nice, clean and the beds were comfortable. No surprises and we would definitely stay there again. Negative: Resort Fee of US$16.16 was charged to our room and I still could not understand how Westin Hotel could justify this fee especially being an Off-Strip hotel while most nice hotels on the Strips don't even charge this fee. However, our hotel only cost US$89 a night (internet special on priceline.com) on a Saturday night stay, so even adding the Resort Fee, we still got a pretty good deal because other 4-star or higher properties were charging at least US$200 a night.	
Apr 1 2009 	Stay Elsewhere	On March 28 - March 29, I visited The Westin Casuarina Las Vegas Hotel, Casino &amp; Spa, booked thru Priceline.com at a cost of $106.95 ($90 for the room and $16.95 for taxes and fees). I was disappointed to say the least with this stay, as this hotel is far from a 4 star hotel rating and should not be classified as a Category 5 on Starwoodhotels.com. Issues during my stay include:(1). There was no bellhop to assist my guest and I with our baggage to our room (this after a 5 hour flight from New York which in turn caused us to arrive past midnight).(2). The comforter and sheets in Room 1659 were stained(3). My guest and I were awoken to loud sexual noises from our neighbor in the early morning.(4). My bill had to be adjusted for a &quot;Hotel Services Fee,&quot; where I was not made aware of by either the hotel nor Priceline.comDue to the reasons stated above, I can categorically state that this will be my last stay at The Westin Casuarina Las Vegas Hotel, Casino &amp; Spa, and that after speaking with Corporate Customercare, my last stay at a Starwood Branded Hotel.	
Apr 1 2009 	Don't use priceline!	My first time using priceline and my last. I requested for a 4 star hotel and on the strip.This was a 2.5 star hotel that was not on the strip. It is a 15 minute walk to the strip. Not too bad, but if you want to walk and extra 30 minute (roundtrip) each day, it gets tiring.I got a surprise charge of $16 a day extra for service fees which they said was stated on priceline. When I got home, I did not see anywhere that I would get charged this extra fee.It cost me $77 a day (wed, thurs, &amp; fri) plus the additional fee of $16 that I didn't know of until I checked out, so a total of $93 a day (tax not incl). The bed is nice, the room decor is decent, carpet was filty dirty. For that price I could have went to the RIO Hotel, where they have shuttle buses that takes me to the strip and rooms are much nicer, cleaner and bigger at RIO.It seems like anyone who does priceline in Vegas got this hotel from previous reviews I read. So they must have a contract or something with the hotel. I would never use priceline or go back to this hotel.	
Apr 1 2009 	not bad good place for pets	We brought our dog and stayed a few nights here, they had no problem with him and even provided a bed for him to sleep on. The happy hour with free drinks and snacks was awesome, overall not a bad place to stay especially if you need to bring your dog.	
Mar 28 2009 	Nice hotel 5-10 minute walk off the strip.	We stayed a few nights during the week in late March. The hotel is off the strip, about a 5 or 10 minute walk depending how fast you walk. Bally's side entrance is just across the street, so you can cut through Bally's/Paris (they are connected) to get to the strip without walking outside the whole way.  The hotel was very quiet, as was the small casino in the lobby. Casino was very small by Vegas standards, but still nice. They didn't have any dealers for the six table games until after 4pm. They were offering $50.00 free play loss payback if you signed up for one of thier free casino cards.  Our room was clean as was the hotel. The bed was very comfortable. No fridge in room, they charge extra if you want one. The pool area was nice. The pool was the same size as a normal residential pool, small by Vegas resort standards. The shower had dual showerheads which were nice. The hotel has a $15.00 (plus tax) a night fee per night for several things that most people won't even use. (parking, gym, bottled water, pool use, sauna use, us today paper, incoming fax use) High speed internet is available in your room for about $16.00 a night.  This hotel is very small by Vegas strip standards, but that is not always a bad thing. It was cozier, not as loud and crowded like some of the major hotels.	
Mar 23 2009 	Quiet Place in a Sea of Casino Hotels	Awesome rooms. Bedding is so nice and comfy. Casino is NOT crowded with cigar smokin wanna bees. Selection of casino games adeqaute. Nice, much quieter, bar scene from the ohter casinos...Easy parking and easy access to the flashier places in town...If you are looking to relax in Vegas...IT IS THE PLACE.	
Mar 18 2009	The worst Westin you can imagine	The Westin Casuarina in Las Vegas is, without a doubt, the worst Westin I have ever stayed at (and I have stayed at most of them). First, upon arrival, we presented our confirmed reservation for a room with 1 king bed. The woman working the reception desk said nothing and gave us a room key. When we got to the room, there was not 1 king bed, rather 2 double beds. Second, we made a reservation that explicitly stated we wanted the Westin dog bed and dog dishes in the room. Not only were they not there, we were told there were &quot;none left&quot; and thus we could not have them. So even with a reservation for a Westin dog bed and dog dishes, we got nothing. Third, all towels in the room were cheap and were not Westin Heavenly towels (there was one Heavenly towel total in the room, rest were cheap $1 towels). Fourth, as a Starwood preferred guest, I always use the special check in desk. At the Westin Casuarina, there is a desk for Starwood preferred guests, however it is not staffed. So, in other words, the desk is a lie. You can wait there for 30+ minutes (as me and another guest did), but no one will come. Why exactly don't they have a &quot;closed&quot; sign on the desk? We had to call the hotel operator to ask when, after waiting 30+ minutes, we would get service. She was the one kind enough to tell us the desk is just for show and is not staffed. Lastly. all carpeting in the room was dated commercial grade carpet. No luxury at all. Without a doubt, do not stay at this property. Oh yeah, and you need to pay $17 if you want internet access.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Front desk manager beds are very comfortable	I stayed at The Westin Casuarina in Las Vegas.The property is ok, but not a usual Westin property. It is kind of old.Amenities in the rooms are the best. Beds are very comfortableBreakfast buffet needs to be improved ( overpriced)I went there with my girlfriend and the front desk manager: Scott Fujinga was extremely helpful and made our stay memorable. On the other hand, another manager: Raul , was very rude and shouldnt work in the hospitality business.	
Mar 15 2009 	A bad deal.	Definitely not 4 stars. More like 2.5. Hit with about $60.00 in &quot;Service Fees&quot;at check out. Was told it was for Priceline. Contacted Priceline and they refused to help saying it wasn't their problem and they already had chargeed their fees when I booked. Returned two nights in a row to find the door open. Management offered compensation then reniged at check out. Smoke alarm was dismantled and the room obviously smoked in. Never fixed. Doors paper thin. (Not good with hallways full of drunks at 3 A.M. On a plus side the beds are comfortable and the parking is good.	
Mar 11 2009 	Avoid!!!	This hotel was chosen for me by priceline.com under the criteria I selected, &quot;4 star hotel&quot; and &quot;on the strip.&quot; It was NEITHER. The walk to the strip was about 3/4 of a mile with no sites to see on the way. Nothing is included in the price of the hotel. They charge for internet, which is absurd considering they try to attract people on business trips. They fool you into thinking they offer some complimentary services, such as a daily newspaper, water, and some other basics, which aren't out of the ordinary, however, to my surprise I WAS CHARGED $48 ADDITIONAL DIRECTLY ON MY CREDIT CARD FOR WHAT THEY CALL &quot;COMPLIMENTARY SERVICES&quot; I called to dispute the charges, as I did not request these services, but to no avail. In all honesty, this hotel really has nothing going for it. Overrated, overpriced, hardly a casino, less than a handful of places to eat within the hotel and vicinity and extremely poor customer service. You will be disappointed if you choose this hotel for such an exciting destination. By the way, I ordered an orange juice, and nothing else, for room service, and I was charged $9.50. I feel bad for the family of four with kids who wont wait the walk to the strip to quench their thirst	
Mar 10 2009 	Nothing special- don't stay if you want the strip	I wasn't impressed with this hotel. I had wanted a 4 star hotel and last time I went to Vegas I went to the Planet Hollywood. This hotel compared to PH is of a MUCH lower scale. It is smaller and didn't have anything special about it. Plain rooms- the only nice thing about the standard room was the double head shower. Older hotel and rooms. I would give it a 2-2.5 star. Definitely not 4 star material! When I went to check out-- they tried to slap me with extra charges for amenities (pool/ hot tub) which came to $50 extra for 3 nights. I was pissed- I was COMPLETELY unaware I was going to be charged anything extra since I had already paid through Priceline. The only extra charges I was aware they could charge you was room service, phone bill, internet even but we didn't use any of these. Luckily I had brought my confirmation and confirmed with the front desk that I did not have anything stating that I would be hit with an extra charge. I was highly disappointed with this purchase this time around and will definitely be a little bit more careful before I purchase anything with Priceline. Close to the strip- but not on the strip. Took us 10 minutes to and from the strip. So to be honest- it's not worth it to stay at this place- Stay at a cheaper hotel on the strip if you want something cheaper. It'll be the same quality hotel anyways. Restaurant too expensive!	
Mar 9 2009 	Good for business bad for pleasure	All the basics are done well, pleasant staff, good color palette and interior design (think above average business aesthetic - late 90's). Breakfast buffet wasnt bad and the coffee and comsmetics were b+. I had a towel that didnt look clean but that could be just me. Bed was comfy etc. but it was just a bit out of the way and ou got this vibe that the party was elsewhere. The rest of my party were Excalibur way, which meant $8 cab rides or the metro - still a hike.	
Mar 8 2009 	Standard Westin good location	This is a Westin that maintains the high standards of other Westins that I have visited. Nice, clean and well decorated rooms, excellent service (when our key did not let us in to the assigned room, they came running down the hall (full tilt) to get me a new key.Only gripe - Internet is $16.99. I hate paying for internet (though all the westins charge for this). Location is 2 blocks from the strip. Restaurant has average food but great service.	
Mar 2 2009 	relaxing hotel great beds ok pool	I've always loved Westins. This one is probably not as posh as some others I've been to, but it is much more reasonably priced than other Vegas hotels that are right on the strip, and it's lower-key. I like that you can walk through the hotel without getting mobbed by tons of tourists. There's a casino but it's pretty quiet, which is nice. The heavenly beds are always fabulous and I'd stay there again just for the beds!The only drawback was the pool, which is much smaller than what the other Vegas hotels have. And there's not any food at the pool - you have to order room service, which was about $40 for 2 lunches (highway robbery IMO). Some would say that the location is a drawback but I like that it is off the strip. The strip hotels aren't very relaxing. And this is a 2 min walk to the strip so it's still convenient.	
Feb 23 2009 	last minute booking for a great price!!	we stayed dec 30 &amp; 31 and loved it. contrary to one reviewer, it is NOT 10 minutes from the strip-it is 2 blocks!! fantastic central location!!! very warm reception from everyone!! and my friends dog enjoyed his stay too!! he gives it 5-woofs!!	
Feb 23 2009 	Not on the strip	Yeah, very average hotel. Rooms were ok but ingeneral its a good ten minutes off the strip.Nothing much to report here, just very very ok-ish- not a dive but not glamour either	
Feb 20 2009 	Convenient but way overpriced	I guess I should have used Priceline! I paid $161/night because I could bring my dog, and the only other place I could find that was pet friendly was Motel 6. I could have stayed at a MUCH nicer place for the money, but once again the dog! Though most reviews mention the comfortable bed, the bed was so uncomfortable to me! My husband and I were tossing and turning all night and the comforter was so heavy it felt like a sandbag. The sheets felt like cardboard. This hotel is wide open to the street, so you must be very careful in the parking garage, etc... as security was not present. Rooms are not so well appointed. It was basically an upgraded motel. The bathroom was OK . Towels smelled heavily of bleach but were very absorbent. Service was good and staff was very pleasant. Valet and bell service were extremely prompt. If you want to get in and out of a hotel quickly in Vegas--this is the place. The starbucks in the lobby is another plus!!! If I did not have my dog, I would not stay there again.	
Feb 19 2009 	Close to the action but a bit quieter...friendly staff very clean...	I chose this hotel based on the fact that I was using my Starwood points to visit family in Vegas, so I wasn't looking for the center of the action in Vegas. It's a great location because it's 1 block off the strip...close enough to walk, but it's easier in Vegas if you get a rental car because everywhere has free parking. If you don't have a rental car, I can see how the walking can be extensive.The hotel was clean and the lobby was decent. You can tell they try really hard to get rid of the smoke that is coming from the casino (they are only separated by an open bar area). The staff was very friendly at all times and it was nice that they gave a small box of candy at check in (since it was Valentine's day)...nothing extravagant, but the thought and effort was very much appreciated and noted!The rooms were clean and well kept, but they were definitely small and had no &quot;extras&quot;. The internet was a $16.95/day charge and there was no free water in the room, even for Platinum guests. The new toiletries for the Westin are absolutely amazing!!! I would actually buy them, so that was probably the best part. Nothing else really special about the room...not sure it was really worth the 12,000 points a night that it cost, but it was decent.The hotel casino is fine if you are not a big gambler...kind of reminded me of your neighborhood casino night, but it was nice to walk downstairs and be able to play some low $$ tables and slots in your sweats and not have to get into the crowds or get dressed up.The only real NEGATIVE and disappointing comment was that the hotel charges you a $15/day &quot;service fee&quot; plus the tax on that fee. I asked what this was for...and they said, &quot;for the use of the spa, etc...&quot; I DIDN'T USE any of those things, and why say &quot;free parking&quot; or charge me for something I didn't use? I was very disappointed and think that this should be removed...especially if you are using your points for a &quot;FREE ROOM&quot;. Not even the fancy Le Meridien in Paris charged me an extra fee and of all places you'd think they would! Shame shame on the Westin for letting this fly!	
Feb 18 2009 	Good location and quality - but they don't tell you everything up front	My wife &amp; I just stayed at the Westin last week. I will say that if you get this hotel on priceline it is a great deal. We stayed for $69 a night over the President's Day weekend. It doesn't get much better than that. The rooms are nice, the beds are very comfortable, and the showers have dual faucets (like all Westins) that are very refreshing. My caveat is that if you do book on priceline beware of the deceptive practices I feel this hotel uses. Two things of note. Firstly, they attempted to give both my wife and I and another couple we traveled with two twin beds though we had specified against that on Priceline. Now we did end up getting it worked out, but my friends ended up having to stay in handicap accessible room that had no lounge area. It wasn't that big of a deal, but just be careful - on a busy weekend you might find they stick you two beds instead of one which can really put a damper on a vacation with a spouse.Secondly, they add a mandatory &quot;hotel fee&quot; to priceline customers of about $16 per night - they say it is for use of the parking lot and other amenities (none of which we used). To me this is just a deceptive practice that makes you think you got the hotel for $69 a night when it is really $85/night. Just be aware of those things when dealing with the Westin in Vegas, but still there probably aren't many better values around. Though it is &quot;off&quot; the strip, you can walk to Bally's and Bill's Gamblin' Hall in 5 minutes or less.	
Feb 17 2009 	Better than prior reviews gave it credit for	Having read other reviews of this hotel I was pretty nervous to stay there. I had gotten booked there through priceline and I thought I would be staying on the strip. This hotel is a half mile from the strip, but that's not far at all!! Plus, once you hit the strip you are right near Bally's, Bellagio, Paris, Caesar's, Mirage etc. My bf and I walked from the Westin to the Mirage, all the way to Paris and back to the hotel and it did not feel that far. Taxis are always an option if you don't want to walk, but in our experience it was much quicker to walk than to sit in the Vegas traffic. The staff was very attentive at check-in. And unlike the larger hotels, there was no one waiting in front of us to check in. The room was very clean but small...however, you don't go to Vegas to sit in the room! The dual shower head was pretty nice and the beds were very comfortable. The casino downstairs is very small, but if you want to learn...it's the place to be. The only complaint I had was that I had booked a Priceline room, which meant that all taxes were included...however I got a bill on check out morning for the hotel service fee. I had read on other reviews and on Pricelines website that they might try to do this. However, when we checked in no one had explained to us the spa/resort part of it. I talked to the desk agent and told him that we had not used any of those services because we had been unaware that they were available (plus the pool had no water) and he willingly removed the service fees. The business center and in room internet were pricey. Overall, I thought this was a good value. We were there over Valentine's Day weekend and it was crowded. Any of the other hotels within walking distance were at least $150 a night and we paid far less than that.	
Feb 11 2009	Excellent quality if you can get a priceline deal!	My husband &amp; I stayed at this property recently and had a very comfortable stay. Excellent beds, pillows and linens and furnishings. Quiet room, non-smoking, excellent house-keeping. The bathroom had an excellent dual showerhead and great water-pressure and the shampoos/conditioners/soaps and moisturizers were of a nice quality with a subtle green tea scent- only complaint was that the bathtub itself was quite shallow, not good for those who enjoy baths. The location was convenient, a quick (5-20 minute) walk to some excellent casinos &amp; resorts- the Bellagio, Bally's, Paris, the Flamingo, the Mirage, the Venetian, Caesar's Palace and more. Great shopping, dining nearby- although some quite expensive. Taxi fare to the airport was $16 after tip. Save money by doing any shopping at the little convenience store nearby- the shop at the Westin is very expensive for things like bandaids, tylenol, etc. and closes at 10pm. We were VERY disappointed at the $15/day &quot;hotel services&quot; fee charged at check-out, as nothing in the priceline reservation referenced surcharges and nothing was said at check-in. The desk-clerk explained it was for &quot;pool, spa, lounge, parking access and other amenities&quot;. Which was even more insulting, as the pool was closed for renovations during our stay, we didn't visit the spa, the lounge was in the public area of the casino and very smoky, we didn't have a car to park, and didn't receive so much as a free newspaper during our stay. Still, we enjoyed our stay over-all and it was still a bargain with a priceline.com bid. We'd stay there again.	
Feb 7 2009	Good Stay but Not 4 Star Hotel	I got an okay deal for the Westin through Priceline for a quick weekend trip to Las Vegas. This hotel is about 1/2 mile off the strip, so it requires a little walking. Can't figure out why it has a four star rating because it definitely isn't 4 star quality (dark, dated, stained hallways and VERY small rooms and bathrooms). It's nice enough for a weekend stay though.	
Feb 5 2009 	Can't figure out 4-star rating	Stayed here for the Pacquiao/De La Hoya fight. Booked through Priceline for $99 a night, which you can't cancel. I'd rather pay more and know what I'm getting. With a site like Priceline you don't know what you have until you've booked it. Then you're stuck with what they've given you. I would have not booked this hotel on purpose. After booking, I checked for the rate on Westin's site and found out I could have gotten the same price through the hotel and been able to cancel if I needed to. I'm not sure how they came up with the 4-star rating. You definately can't compare this property to the other 4-stars in Vegas- Luxor, Planet Hollywood, Rio, etc. I won't use Priceline again. I went against my normal policy of only booking rooms with the hotel directly. The place isn't bad, small casino, one bar, not really exciting. The rooms are ok, but small. This is the old Maxim &quot;remodeled&quot;. Location is a couple of blocks from the strip, so you can walk to the strip or catch a taxi if you're lucky. There was a taxi available when I needed one, but this may have been lucky timing. It might be ok if you can get a real low rate knowing what hotel your booking, but I need a hotel with more action, more variety. One other thing to mention. They allow people to bring there dogs. I think it's a better idea to leave your dog at home. I wasn't too happy hearing a dog barking down the hall. I love dogs, but I'd find a way to have somebody watch mine while I'm away.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great Stay!	My husband and I just returned from our first trip to Las Vegas. We loved the Westin--it was conveniently located 2 short blocks from Caesar's Palace. An easy walk to the strip yet a quiet place to vacation. We didn't have any problems at all. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We are not big gamblers, so I can't comment too much about the casino. (We were there for a trade show.) Each evening we retreated to the quiet serenity of our 16th floor room. We never heard a sound even though we know that there were other people in the next room. My husband enjoyed the buffet breakfast at the hotel. I went out shopping and returned at 3 in the afternoon to find my room spotless and toiletries replenished. We typically stay at Sheratons and Westins around the world, and this one met all of our expectations. Free self-parking, so we rented a car at a nearby hotel for a couple of days to go exploring. The internet service was expensive at $14.99 per 24 hours, but we are accustomed to having to pay for service. Also, be prepared for the resort fee of $15 per day. Not sure how that compares to other hotels in the area, but we were prepared for it.	
Jan 17 2009 	There are good things and there are bad things	Via Priceline we got reservation at the Westin Casuarina. Here are the Pro's and Con's of the hotel.Pro's: Great place to gamble if you are not a high roller. Limits are low compared to bigger casino. 3 dollar craps!Happy hour was served every night from 5-7 with free wine, beer and munchies. SPA was quite nice, Steam room and Sauna. Work out room had treadmills and bikes with free wieghts and machine wieghts.Parking was easy, always found a place close byCheck-in only took 10 mins and service was fine.Con's: Rooms are small, a bit out dated.It is off the strip by a couple of blocksPool is very smallNo Sport booking or place to watch sporting events	
Jan 13 2009 	Incredible deal-loved the Westin in Vegas	this is my second stay at this Westin, and i've been really impressed both times. it's not right on the strip but oh so close - basically across the street from Bally's on the cross street of Las Vegas Boulevard, so it's close enough to the action, but just far enough away to be quiet at night. no theme as others say. it's just a nice westin w/a small casino, but it was big enough for us and a little less smoky since all westins are &quot;supposed&quot; to be non-smoking. hard to enforce in vegas of course, but the room we had was definitely very clean and new and nonsmoking and the gym was amazingly free of smoke, too. we lucked out with a top floor (17th) room on the backside so had a nice view of imperial palace, palazzo, venetian, wynn, and the hilton in the distance. i doubt they ever advertise for those typical cheap midweek deals like other vegas hotels, but it's worth the consistent high quality of a westin if you want to pay a little more. didn't realize that the extra $10/night that everyone pays gives you access to some of the spa facilities even if you don't book an actual spa service. will have to check that out next time!	
Jan 12 2009	Unresponsive management	Late at night, while parked on the second deck of the hotel parking garage, in sight of the registration desks, my car was broken into. Two bicycles and various other items were stolen, worth more than $6,000.In the morning, I wrote a statement for the assistant security manager and asked for a copy of his report. He told me that it would be ready in the afternoon (several hours later). When I went to retrieve it, I was given a photocopy of the statement I wrote - there was no apparent report.I asked to see the manager and recommended that they consider installing security cameras in the garage, as the human &quot;security&quot; on duty failed to notice the car window breaking or the subsequent removal of two bicycles, their detached front wheels, a large box and some luggage. This was not a smash-and-grab, but must have taken some time.The manager barely looked up from her computer to respond, &quot;I'm sorry that happened to you, but we're not liable for items left in vehicles in the garage.&quot; That's all she had to say. I didn't accuse anyone of anything or place any blame, but her concern did not apparently extend beyond her liability.At the police substation, I was told that there are as many as 10 auto burglaries per day reported at that station alone. Obviously this is a serious problem that this establishment does not see fit to address. Clearly the hotel is not to blame for the theft - it happens all over Vegas all the time - but they failed to deter it and the cavalier and dismissive attitude was infuriating. If you've ever been robbed, you know the feelings of anger and vulnerability that follow the event. And even though it's not the manager's problem that I left two expensive bicycles locked in my car under a blanket in the parking garage, I'd think that she might at least bother to pretend that she's listening. Perhaps under normal circumstances this hotel is fine, but if you should want anything extra from the staff, expect to be disappointed. Bottom line: There are thousands of hotel rooms along the strip. The Westin provides neither the cheapest nor the cleanest, so without good service or security to recommend it, why stay there?	
Jan 8 2009	Nice Hotel in Las Vegas	We stayed at The Westin January 1st and 2nd on our way back from Death Valley. We booked through Priceline and got a great deal. I was a little hesitant from previous reviews. We found The Westin to be top class. Immaculate, friendly staff, lots of amenities. The casino is small but nice. We don't like the big, glitzy hotels and casinos with lots of people. This was perfect. We are not really gamblers, rether. We do like walking The Strip and seeing the sights. The room was nice . Beautifully appointed and well stocked with personal care items, real glasses, coffee and coffee maker, a nice tv, and plenty of room. We didn't eat in the restaurant as it was rather pricey. We did enjoy the happy hour 5:30-7:30 Mon-Thurs. It served beer,wine, water, soda, cheeses, meats,fruit, salads, and dessert items. The room it is held in is nice,too. The pool and fitness facility are great. The fitness center is immaculate with plenty of stations. The pool was on the second floor and towels were provided. Yes, it is off the strip, but who cares? You cannot beat it for the price. We would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Jan 8 2009	Vegas without the show-off; perfect for business	First of all, note that this hotel is 1.5 blocks off the strip, and does not have any theme to it. It's just your standard Westin.This is its biggest upside and downside. It's good, because you can stay close to strip without the noise and hustle, which is great if you're there to do work or want to have a quiet refuge at night. It's also bad, because if your goal is to vacation in true Vegas style then you're missing out on the only-in-vegas experiences offered by the Parises, Luxores, Bellagios etc. As a Westin, this one is pretty nice. Was upgraded to club level which was clean and quiet with all heavenly stuff (only bad thing was that TV was not flat screen and was quite old). Staff was very friendly and parking/access is very easy. Also, I believe the hotel is pet friendly (lots of people with dogs walking around) but is very very clean.I would recommend this especially for business people.	
Dec 31 2008 	Not a 4 star hotel!	Issue #1 - We booked two rooms for same night and requested to have the rooms next to each other. When we finally came up to our rooms, we discovered that they put us across from each other instead of side by side (conjoining rooms). Since we had small children staying in both rooms, they had to run across the hall back and fourth to see each other. Even the adult in the rooms had to go from one room to another. I called the front desk to ask them to move us so that we can have conjoining rooms so that the children do not get hurt by getting their hands slam by the doors when they run from one room across another.Issue #2 - Within 15 mins from arriving in our room, the toilet got flooded.Issue #3 - Since the hotel refused to give us conjoining rooms, we had to go from across from room to room and had another guest screaming at us and said that we were making too much noise. The other hotel guest was a middle eastern man and kept on yelling that he was going to call the cops on us for making too much noise. I think its funny and yelled back at our hotel neighbor and told him that he should call the hotel lobby and complain because we wanted them to give us conjoining rooms when we requested for it. I called to speak to the manager and complained about how my neighbor is complaining about us making all these noise.Issue #4 - Around 3-4 in the morning, our other neighbor was having sex and made really loud inappropriate noises while four small children was sleeping in my room. Don't go here if you want privacy or if you do not want to hear your neighbors! Called the front desk and asked to speak to the manager again. Told the manager that our neighbor was making loud inappropriate noises and there maybe be some illegal activities going on next door.Cons-room is small, plumbing problem, walls have ears, service sucks and management is helpless, location is off the stripPro-best shower heads in the bathroom, free hot chocolate, hot cider and cookies in the lobby during check in. Hot cocoa was really good. Pet friendly if you have dogs.	
Dec 28 2008 	On The Way Home....	Here are the positives that we found........1.) Great hotel with a small casino so make sure you get a players card, especially if you are a SPG member. You get 500 SPG points for every 100 points you get on your players card. When we signed up we got to spin a slot machine for a chance to win $1000 in free play. (We won $25)2.) Right behind the Flamingo Hotel on Flamingo Road3.) Very friendly staff (Thank You :-) )4.) Order pizza from Ellis Island......AWESOME and they deliver (you just have to go to the lobby and meet the delivery guy but it's o.k. and WELL worth it. A small would feed 2 people!!5.) Great bathroom. Very modern with everything you can think off even a scale.6.) Comfy bed.......Heavenly Bed!!!7.) Great drink service in the casino, but limited selection of drinks to choose from.8.) Beautifully decorated for Christmas as lot of the other strip hotel had minimal decorations.9.) Great restaurents in the area........Bahama Breeze, Bucco De Beppo, The Prime Rib, TGI Fridays etc.Now the negatives........1.) The room is a typical Westin. The furnature is a little old and worn.2.) Again typical Westin. Overcrowded room. Too much furnature for the size of the room.3.) Hallways were cold, dark and the ice machine on our floor (16) and floor 17 didn't work so we had to go down to the 15th floor but it really wasn't a big deal.4.) Uneven hallway floors so BE CAREFULL!!	
Dec 28 2008 	Only Thing Four Star is the Name	Booked this hotel through Priceline which listed it as a four star hotel. The only thing that was four star about this place was the Westin name. When we checked in everything went well and the personel were very nice. Upon getting to the room we found the safe did not work and it had been drilled out. We called the front desk to change rooms and we were told that none of the rooms had operating safes! In Vegas? No way! People come here to gamble and I for one don't want to carry all of my money around with me. Nor do I want to go to the front desk to use their safe everytime I want to put some in or take some out. On top of that we were charge an additional $10 services fee and tax on it. For what? The two nozzled showerhead? The Starbucks coffee in the coffee maker. The only thing that really stood out was the location, just off the strip, which made getting in and out easier. Maybe that was what the $10 services fee was for! The entire property seemed dated as well.	
Dec 19 2008 	I could LIVE in the SPA!!	We are frequent guests of The Westin Casurina, Las Vegas. This hotel is located just 2 blocks off the Strip for easy walkable access to all. My husband and I love the Gym and Spa facilities. We have never felt over crowded or rushed with the Gym equipment and love the Spas relaxing atmosphere. The sauna and steam rooms are very private &amp; offer complementry &quot;products&quot; to enhance your relaxing pleasure. The pool has wonderful, comfortable lounges for great sunning with food and beverage service available. The Heavenly beds, Robes and bath products finish off your wonderful time.We tend to travel wed-sun and have experienced true VIP treatment with front desk SPG VIP check-in with complementry room upgrades (when ava), FREE Valet service, helpful Bellmen &amp; Conceier, all in a smoke free environment. What more could you want??We want to move in after retirement! If possible, it will happen..!	
Dec 15 2008 	The Westin was really nice	The Westin is a very nice hotel. Great staff, They made sure I was on an upper floor in a quiet location like I asked. Very comfortable beds and loads of amenities. Was so happy that they had a Starbucks in their lobby. I actually did really well at the blackjack tables in tehir little casino, and the dealers were friendly too.	
Dec 11 2008 	Not a worthy Westin Franchise stay away!	Despite less than stellar reviews of this hotel, I booked it based on past Westin experiences, thinking it couldn't be that bad. Well, it was. The hotel was dilapidated, unkempt, dark, dirty, dingy. The staff didn't care. the elevators were old and scratched. the hallways were this putrid green color that looked rancid. the only saving grace was the heavenly bed and the heavenly shower, but nothing else. my sink leaked. the rooms were small. there weren't enough outlets in the room. i can't say how disappointed i was. this was like westin's aweful cousin or something, nothing like any of the other westins i've ever been to. stay anywhere but here.	
Nov 13 2008 	nasty	No one working check in counter, baggage man had to call in back room to find one lady who finally showed up almost 15 mins later and she couldn't get anyone else to come out and help her. No directions to room elevators, had to ask. New hotel? didn't look like it, worn, stained, ripped carpet in halls and elevators. Maid reused coffee stained napkins for next days coffee, just refolded them for us. Reused paper coffee stained labels for water bottles I had thrown into trash so she picked through all the trash to dig them out and replace them on new bottles......nasty!! I'd venture to guess she cleaned nothing if she did that so we suspended all maid services after that little treat. Heard a man ask for his express package he'd had sent and the guest service man said.....that'll be $10......why? it's our policy to charge a handling fee......just to hand it to a paying customer, can you say rip off? Check out day a bill was slipped under our door for hotel service and fees to the tune of another $35. When I went to the check out counter and questioned it I was given a list of &quot;complimentary&quot; items that every customer gets charged for. I asked if he knew what the meaning of complimentary was cause where I grew up it means FREE. Not at the Westin, let's see it was for the free water whose nasty, reused, coffee stained sign said &quot;complimentary&quot; and for the vale service I didn't use and for the self parking I did use and for the &quot;complimentary&quot; FREE boarding pass printing I did use and for the FREE newspaper I did not use and for the other 5-6 things on that list I did not use but they still wanted me to pay for all that &quot;complimentary&quot; items. The clerk said those charges were clearly listed on Priceline, they were not. I handed him the intire printout from Priceline and said....show me where it says that. He studdered and said well, it does but I'll remove the charges this time. Do not worry, we won't be returning. Then he said he couldn't print me a copy of those charges being removed from my card and I said, yes...you can. Guess what, yes...he could. My advise? Don't bother to even drive by this nasty, non customer serving TWO star hotel, they'll probably try to charge you for looking at their dirty windows.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Stay at the Casuarina	My husband, 18yo daughter, and I stayed at the Casuarina last weekend and had a great stay! The location is superb-less than a 5 min. walk from Bally's. We were very happy with the non-smoking room, and the less noisy casino. It was a much more family-friendly atmosphere than most of the hotels we visited. The check in lines were a little slow, but only took about 15 min. The room was very clean and well-stocked. The Starbuck's coffee in the coffeemaker was a nice touch. Make sure to get something to eat while you are out, unless you want to eat in the restaurant. The hotel does not have any other choices. We had breakfast in the hotel restaurant and it was very good as well as reasonably priced.We bought an all day pass on the monorail, which stops at Bally's, for $12. each. We didn't need any other transportation. Beware, though, the monorail stations are at the back of each hotel. You have to walk all the way through the hotel to get outside. It is a really long walk through the MGM!The Secret Garden/Dolphin exhibit at the Mirage was really cool! We also saw Cirque du Soleil (Mystiere), which was the purpose of our trip. It was awesome! Check out was painless. We tried to check out from the room but for some reason, it wouldn't let us (maybe we were too close to checkout time. By the way, check out isn't until noon. It was particularly helpful to us since our flight had been delays. It gave us a chance to sleep in and relax. I would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 10 2008 	Won on Priceline have no fear!	The Westin is a perfectly fine hotel to win on priceline. We paid $139 per night plus the $11 per night fee. Better bargains are sure to be found, but it was a big SEMA convention, and rodeo in town, so our dates of travel likely resulted in higher prices.Anyhow, nice intimate casino was fun to end the night at. Close to Ballys, Bills Gamblin Saloon and Flamingo. We walked to Fashio Show mall but took a cab back...tired or hungover, not sure. The cost was $11.25 and worth it. We also bought monorail day pass, but ended up walking so it just kind of depends on what your day will be. Nearby restaurant, Batistas is good and fun. ALso went to Ellis Island, good bar food. Everything was fried, that we ordered, but, it was what we were looking for at the time. There is a convenience store just to the left of hotel entrance that made it convenient for pop. At the hotel, the drinks are free if you are gambling, and cost a fortune if you are not. No problem whether I was betting a penny or $2.00, bar service was the same. Not as fast as the other casinos where it seemed like we had our own cocktail waitress at times, but certainly fine. Across the street was a bar that had a beer and hotdog for $2.50 which we liked as we only like to eat one larger meal a day. It catered to locals which I always like.I would be happy to stay at the Westin if I won via priceline again, or, would stay there with a direct booking for about the same price. With regard to 4 star rating...the bed was very nice and the room big enough. The place was pretty clean, and mostly smiley staff. One day we did not get housekeeping, but, there were ample towels and supplies so it was not an issue and I am guessing that had it been, it would have been taken care of. We did not take advantage of pool or spa. The hotel always greeted us with a delighful scent when we returned from our day on the strip.Not sure that there is a recession going on, despite all the doom and gloom reporting going on. Las Vegas was packed, glitzy and full of folks spending money on shows, restaurants, and gambling. I saw a lot of kids, too, but simply do not find this an appealing place to bring my children.	
Nov 7 2008 	Enjoyed it! A worthwhile choice	10 minutes from the airport, off the main drag (Las Vegas Blvd), and within 15-20 minutes walking distance to Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Planet Hollywood, and the Venetian.If you're going to have a good time while trying to stick to a budget, I'd recommend looking into this place. Because the place is off the strip, its quieter. The casino downstairs is small by comparison, but the betting is cheaper making it more fun (unless you're a high roller).They have a fitness center and guests can use the spa's steam room (NICE benefit) for free. I mention that b/c you get all the perks of spa amenities (robes, slippers, complimentary juices, water, tea, coffee,etc.) for free...but massages cost extra.When you exit the hotel and turn right, you hit the strip. When you turn left you hit some nice restaurants (McCormick and Schmick, PF Changs, etc.) If you go past the nice restaurants about 1- 1.5 miles you'll hit the real world places like Target and day-to-day shopping places to meet basic needs w/o spending an arm and a leg. Starbucks coffee in the room with a mini bar that you can empty out and use as a fridge while you're there. Daily USA Today papers delivered to your door. Wall Street Journal and LV paper available downstairs. If you want the WSJ though they're gone by 6am. Happy Hour from 5-8pm Mon-Thurs. Free beer, wine, and snacks with a big screen tv. During happy hour roulette is 25 cents, craps is $3, and table games are $5. So get some cheap practice in before hitting the big places.I'd go back. Very satisfied.	
Oct 29 2008	Nice Staff	I found the staff to be very friendly at the hotel. The pool is very small, however was adequate for a short stay with a child. Food was very expensive in the pool area and the waitress really seemed to focus on groups of people rather than if you were there alone or with just one other person. I believe the hotel was renovated within the last few years, however it is very tired looking already. I found housekeeping to be below standard. My daughter dropped some chips in the room and while we cleaned them up as best as we could, there were still crumbs. They were not vacuumed up for 2 days. We also didn't have any washcloths for 2 of the 3 days we were there and our room was typically not clean until after 5pm in the evening.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great spot just off the strip!	What a great stay!my wife and I are not big fans of the big strip hotels so this was a great find! attended a friends B-day party over the weekend and wanted to find something not too smokey or too big. This hotel has all non smoking rooms! you can only smoke in the casino area and bar. It is a small hotel and has a small casino, bar and a Starbucks in the lobby! the pool area was not crowded at all and had nice sun and no wind! the rooms are quite and comfortable. if there is one thing that was not the best was the lack of places to eat. but no big deal as the strip is only a 5 min walk.This was a great 2 night stay and will stay there again! this would be a great business hotel if you needed to be close to the strip.	
Oct 21 2008 	Not Bad...Would stay again	Not a 4 star. Nice and friendly staff. Decent rooms and VERY quiet. Very comfortable beds. Not bad for the money, just not great. Also they do try and nickel and dime you for a couple of $10 dollar fees.	
Oct 20 2008 	Comfortable Sophisticated Business-Class Hotel a Few Blocks from the Strip	The Westin is a great place to stay in Las Vegas if you want to have access to the craziness of the strip but also want to be able to retreat to a quiet, comfortable, serene hotel room.The room furnishings were, as suggested above, serene and lovely, with a great view of the city. The restaurant hotel was fairly good --- featuring a French chef whose creations tended to look just a little better than they tasted -- in a attractive ambiance of muted colors. If you must gamble in your hotel, they do have a relatively small (for Vegas) gambling area in the lobby. They permit dogs, with a fee, and it is easy to walk your dog on the hotel grounds and in the area (they have a small dog run -- really small -- near the parking area). The heart of the strip is just a short walk away -- so, for example, you can walk to see the Cirque de Soleil show at the Venetian and not have to worry about parking. When the noise and lights of the strip overload you, it's nice to be able to return to the relative quiet of the Westin. The spa treatments were sufficiently expensive, however, that I did not try them.	
Oct 12 2008 	Pretty pictures nasty property	I spent one night at this hotel which was one night too many. Def not a 4 star property. I relied on the Starwood name expecting above par customer service, friendly staff and a comfortable care-free stay. Nothing of the sort. The staff was bland and sometimes nowhere to be found. The Concierge phone was never answered. At one point I went down to the desk after being tossed into voicemail. The woman at the concierge desk was busy chatting up one of the other employees. Only when i interrupted them did she speak to me. The rooms are small and definately not up to a 4 star standard - MAYBE 3 stars, but that's pushing it. the Heavenly Shower was nothing more than two shower heads on one pipe. Frankly, the lower of the two is useless and can be painful depending on the temp and pressure of the water. The halls were cramped and closed-in. The valets were helpful but certainly ready for their tips. The lounge bar and casino were OK, but lacked any sort of personality except for the bartender on duty. She was great! I quickly dropped my luggage and left to meet up with friends staying at other hotels. I really regret booking this through priceline. I paid $140 plus taxes for what i consider to be a $70.00/night property AT BEST. Don't bother staying here or booking through priceline in Vegas!	
Oct 8 2008 	Not a real 4 star	We booked this hotel from priceline hoping to stay at a four star hotel on the strip. When we found out that we had booked the Westin for $110/night and of its location we were not that happy. On our arrival, the hotel was not of 4 star quality. While the hotel was nice and staff were friendly, it resembles more of a 3 star hotel in terms of atmosphere, services and space.When we arrived, there was no one there to take our baggage from our car or even from check-in to our room. The rooms pool and casino were small and the view from our room overlooked a parking lot. There was also no movie channels such as HBO available for free and only what seems to be basic cable. The pool was also small and was not fancy or relaxing in any way.While we had no major concerns and staff were friendly during our stay, our only concern is that we were mislead in believing that it was a 4 star hotel. This place is a good 3 star hotel. It is def not of 4 star quality as described and def not worth $110/night compared to other hotels which were available for much cheaper.	
Oct 7 2008 	The Westin stepped up to the plate!!	Being an avid user of TripAdvisor, I was a bit concerned when I read some of the negative reviews of the Westin. So much so that I contacted them to ensure that there were no issues, like construction, that would impact my stay. They ensured me that there was nothing going on, and that some of the issues brought up by others had been resolved.With that said, we arrived early and were very surprised that our room was ready. The room was spacious and had all the usual items expected. We were on the 16th floor, a floor for Starwood members, which we were not. So that was a bonus. The elevators were timely. The room was clean. The bathroom, although small, was well appointed. The king size bed was absolutely amazing.On the downside, the TV was old school. It is hard to find a 4 or 5 star hotel that doesn't have flat screens. There was no Ipod hookup, and the TV channels were very limited. I know it is Vegas, and TV watching is not high on people's list, but when you do flip it on, it would have been nice to have something other than 4 news channels, a bunch of sports and cooking channels and several Vegas/hotel channels. HBO would have been nice. There was the street noise. Apparently there is a fire department close by, and the sirens do permeate the walls, even 16 floors up. Some of the staff (cashier) were rude or just not really happy to be there. But most were very nice.The hot tub was nice. After all the walking you do in Vegas, having a nice hot tub, with jets hitting the feet, is just the thing to get you ready to hit the strip again. The Starbucks closes too early, and has a completely different pricing than any other 'Buck.' The casino has all the right games and is clean and uncrowded. So, all in all, it was a pleasant experience. I would and will stay there again. The few downsides are easily outweighed by the positives. I am not sure what those that had negatives to say were expecting. Who knows, maybe they were the issue and not the hotel. I have seen that more often than not. The Westin did a great job in making my Vegas vacation a positive experience. I am sure that you to will experience the same.Enjoy!!	
Oct 6 2008 	Had a great stay	My husband and I had stayed in several places in Vegas, and while this hotel isn't a wild party place... it was a wonderful retreat each night when we went to bed.The hallways are very quiet in the evening, since it caters to more of a busines crowd. So, no slamming doors at 3a.m., drunk party people yelling loudly at their friends as they return etc.The beds are very comfy and the room is modern. The casino is small, as is the pool. So, if you want a huge casino and enormous pool, this isn't the place for you. We didn't eat at the Restaurant (Suede) but I did check their prices one morning and the buffett was $18 per person. Seemed pricey to me so we went to the Starbucks (also in the hotel) and had pastries and coffee instead. If you want some peace and quiet in the evening, the Westin is perfect!!	
Sep 20 2008 	OK place to stay	This hotel was OK. Off the strip a little ways. Got it through Priceline and got charged $10.78 a day resort fee anyways. What a joke. Tried to dispute it and they would not budge. The rooms were clean . Casino area was very small, but is was a quiet place if that is what you are looking for. I would not stay here again, mainly because of their resort fee.	
Sep 19 2008 	Quite possibly one of the worst hotels I have ever encountered.	I just spent 4 nights at the Westin in Las Vegas and I must say that I am appauled by this hotel. From the point of check in where the stone faced front desk woman could not crack a smile, to the bellhops almost agressively waiting for their tip for opening my cab door and telling the driver where I need to go, as if I can't do that on my own, to the incompetent chambermaids who basically forgot to clean the room. The level of noise in this hotel is unbelievable: no isolation from the road noise, loudspeakers near the drive up sound like there is a concert going on in my room, the cheap AC unit kicks in and out constantly with a thundering sound, the &quot;heavenly shower&quot; is a dual head water waster that puts out way too much water for the small tub (read: flood). The noise from doors closing keeps you up all night, there isn't even a decent TV in the room, it's a new hotel, come on! Then there is that constant smell of soap and detergent in the hallways, shocking! I honestly can't think of one positive thing to say about this property, it's just a disaster especially considering that Las Vegas is the hotel capital of the world. Definitely not up to Starwood standards. Avoid this place if you want sleep and comfort.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great stay at the Westin recommended!	Just spent 10 days at the Westin and everything was just perfect.The location is fantastic, just off the strip.Plenty of choice for food and drinks.The nightlife is amazing!!!!We can only recommend this place to anyone that is looking for an outstanding place to stay while in Vegas.Thank you so much for a lovely holiday!!!!!	
Sep 14 2008 	Great option in Las Vegas	My husband and I stayed here for a long weekend. We were pleasantly surprised at how pleasant our stay was.We are Starwood Gold members so we decided to give this property a try. POSITIVES* Very close to the strip. You will not lose any convenience staying here* Great haven after a long day. After the craziness of the strip, it was nice to come back to the Westin. The hotel was calm and restful. There is a casino on the main floor but there are not the clanging machines and blinking lights all over the place.* Room service was very good and quick* Starbucks in lobby - can use your room key to purchase itemsNEUTRAL* Decent gym. Ellipticals, treadmills, free weights and a few machines. But it's on the small side.* Room is typical Westin. However, it's a bit small for Las Vegas. That being said it perfectly met our needs and we were very comfortable* Pleasant staff. Surprisingly, not very knowledgeable about restaurants in the area. but pleasant.NEGATIVES * None for me. I don't gamble so I did not miss the busy, noisy casino. But even if I did gamble I think I'd like the more clubby, calm atmosphere of the Westin casino. * If you want a bustling club, you won't find it here. Again, not a downside for me because the strip is full of clubs.Overall, this is an average Westin plunked down in Las Vegas. And, that's not a bad thing. Westin does hotels well. So while staying in an average Westin is not an exciting thing, it is a good thing.What you will find is a clean, peaceful, attractive oasis from the nuttty, insane fun on the strip. My suggestion, spend your waking hours enjoying the strip. Then come 'home' to the Westin to recharge your batteries for another day of fun.	
Sep 13 2008 	Another stay at the Westin	This was our second time visiting the Westin. I am an SPG member hence one of the reasons to choose this hotel.........but most importantly it is the perfect place in Vegas !! This time we took my parents for their first visit to Las Vegas.......They loved the hotel plus the heavenly beds and showers.To be honest it might be below average for a Westin name but for us this hotel is absolutely perfect in every means......here is why. 1. As an SPG Plat member we received our room on the 17th floor. I did ask in my request also and it was nice to not to have to ask when arriving.2. I had booked my parents room also for a higher floor and they too received a room on the 16th floor. Good job on this aspect.3. We received a great rate on line......the Crazy 8's deal where the rooms were $88.00 and we received 80% off almost everything at the hotel with a coupon plus received an extra 800 Starpoints. Great deal. Cannot go wrong for this room rate.4. We are a young married couple and enjoy a little partying and having a good time........but this Hotel is so nice to come home to after a busy ; loud night on the strip. Honestly, you walk into the hotel and it has the great fresh smell and quiet casino. We absolutely love this part. It's kind of like a wind down at the end of the night. Then crawl into the heavenly bed !!5. Please people do not complain about the walk to the strip. It is literally only a few minutes. A perfect location right in the center and access to anywhere you want to go. Right across the street from Bally's - literally two - three minutes.6. Does it have a wild / large pool area. No. but it does the job just fine. Relax and have a few cold beers. We love it.7. Do we like having a nice steak supper with wine and spending a few buck. Yes.........but Ellis Island is literally also across the other part of the street and we always eat their when in Vegas. You get their Steak Special for $6.99 ( you have to ask for it ) with it you get a steak; choice of potatoe; green beens and a beer. We also take one night and have there BBQ which is fabulous. For $8.99 you get a half of chicken; BBQ baby ribs; corn on the cob; Beans and coleslaw .....You never walk out of here hungry. Sure it is not the fanciest place but for that price you just can't go wrong. I like a good deal !! We would walk here for supper then leave and hit the strip. -----I did have one bad experience at the hotel this time around --- I did send SPG an email explaining what happened and hopefully it won't happen again -----Nothing major but thought the hotel should know because it was very unprofessional.I would definately recommend this hotel in a minute for all the right reasons I mentioned above. Don't expect it to be the Bellagio but definately expect it to be better than say the Imperial Palace or something. Nice and clean Casino with excellent sleeps in the Heavenly Bed.!!	
Sep 4 2008 	A great treasure right off the Strip	Just returned from a long Labor Day weekend from the Westin Causuarina. Before I went I read a lot of reviews about this hotel and when I did find some negitive comments I was happy to discover that there was no issues.We arrived very early in the afternoon and our desk representive Jonathan was very polite and friendly. He immediately began checking us in and trying to get us a higher room. I was going with a friend that was not a starwoods member but I am so he then was able to get us a great room on the 15th floor. I hope the hotel reads these comments and commend Jonathan on his excellent customer service.The room was very cold as thats a nice sign that the A/C was working properly. Room was very clean with no musty smells as some other reviewers have noted. Also after three days at the hotel the elevators were not slow at all, I think some people think they may be the only guest and expect the elevator to be there in an instant. The casino is small, but was nice compared to a hugh casino where you have to use the overhead signs to get around. I have stayed on the strip several times, Luxor, Venetian, Wynn and I have found this hotel to be a diamond in the rough. And for those that say it's a long walk to the strip, well I did not find that at all. Actully we used the Monorail several tims as we found a short cut through the Flamingo parking garage that lead straight up to the Flamingo station. We rode it a lot this past weekend.So all in all I found this a very charming place to stay. The resturant was good. I commented to the resturant manager how professional the staff was. So I believe it's a great bargain!	
Sep 2 2008	Boiler Room All Over Hotel	The lobby, restaurant, casino, rooms, and the meeting room were all BOILING when we checked in August 25. By midnight, our room had just Started to cool down just a little...the other areas of the hotel were still boiling. We checked out at 1:00 Am and passed employees unloading hundreds of fans from the back of a van.We went back the next day to visit our large goup. The hotel was still boiling. One of the employees said that it had been that way for three days.When we returned home, we discovered that the hotel had charged us for the second night even though we had checked out properly through the front desk and had been promised that no charges would appear on our card.	
Sep 1 2008 	Not Quite Westin Standards	Hotel service needs a little work. Hallways were freezing. Sink and bathtub would not drain. We were charged $10 per day for a mysterious &quot;hotel services fee&quot; when we really received no hotel service at all. There are no vending machines on ANY floor. You have to go to the lobby and cross the entire casino to get something as simple as a soda. A very long walk for a drink or snack.On the upside, the rooms were lovely, the beds truly were heavenly, the hotel was off strip so it was very quiet and everything was in order when we arrived.	
Aug 27 2008 	Heavenly Room	Got it up through Priceline. We really loved the room, especially the kingsize heavenly bed was wonderful. Even tough we booked through priceline, we had a nice view of the strip. It's just about a 1/4 mile away from the strip. You can get across the street and walk to the strip through Bally's Casino. Swimming pool is a little bit tiny, and so is the casino. Actually I liked the casino, because it is not very busy. Cocktail girls are very aware around there, and I managed to get myself a reasonable win in there.	
Aug 22 2008 	Never Never Never Again!	Unfortunately we stayed at the Westin Casuarina Las Vegas from 04/25/08 through 04/30/08, and had a horrible experience which is still bothering me and my husband. The biggest issue has to be with the housekeeping staff and their performance: 1) When we checked in we had no telephones connected, they were in the dresser drawers and we had to crawl under the desk and the nightstand to connect them ourselves, 2) They failed to fully stock the room each day, 3) The second day we noticed that when we came back to the room there were two fresh drops of blood on the comforter, so we called Housekeeping and requested they change the comforter. It took us six telephone calls and a visit to the front desk to get someone to come change the comforter almost an hour after we first called. Additionally, when the “Housekeeping Supervisor” came to see what the problem was, she insulted me by asking my husband in Spanish (I speak English), if “she was sick”; in other words did I have my menstrual cycle. First, there were two drops of blood, if that was the case then there would have been more blood. Second, the “Housekeeping Supervisor” should have spoken to us in English as we both speak English. Third, we would have told them “we had an accident”, but obviously since we were out hiking, I was not having my menstrual cycle, the blood was not there when we went out, and there was a very small amount of blood that was not the case. Additionally, the exhaust system in the Casino area is inadequate, the swimming pool was not very clean, and the room renovations were a nuisance. I’ve stayed at the Westin in Savannah, GA, and the Westin in Los Angeles, and have had no complaints about there service or the accommodations and would gladly return to either of those facilities again; however, the Westin Casuarina Las Vegas will be receiving very negative reviews from me and my husband on the travel websites.Regretfully,Kathy	
Aug 16 2008 	Taken Care of BEFORE we arrived!! Love Starwood properties!	We have an upcoming stay at the Westin for the week of Labor Day. After reading some of the reviews, I was nervous about our stay. We are Starwood members and always try to stay at an SPG property. We particularly love Westin as they were the first hotels that seemed to really focus on the comfort of the beds!!I contacted the hotel and spoke with Amanda, the manager on duty today. I expressed my concerns becuz of what I read on Trip Advisor. She went ahead and assigned our room with the view and amenities we wanted (which NO other Vegas hotel would do) and assured me she would be there the day we checked in and everything would be taken care of. If for some reason we weren't happy, she said contact her directly. Not sure about others experience with this property. I know that when hotels are booked on 3rd party sites you don't always get the svc. that you would if you deal with hotel directly. Needless to say, I am not worried at all and am really looking forward to our 1st Vegas trip. I am also happy that this hotel is not a big gaming hotel as it will make for a nice quiet place to return to at the end of the evening. This may not be for others but it's definitely a plus for me!....still a faithful Starwood Preferred Guest!	
Aug 12 2008	Not up to Westin Standards	Expected better from a Westin. My room was not ready upon arrival and I was downgrading with the promise of points that I had to pursue to eventually get. Elevators were out of order causing long waits to get up and down. Location is a long walk in the heat by day or desolation by night to get to the strip despite being just one block away (very big block). On the plus side the room was big and clean, The small casino is cozy and welcoming. The roof top pool area is small but enjoyable.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Hotel 	I booked months ahead for a friend's wedding that took place at the Red Rock Resort (about 10 miles off the Strip). After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was definitely cautious about my stay. About a week before, I sent an email to the hotel which was promptly responded. In this email, I illustrated to them what I had read at TripAdvisor and how it concerned me. In their response, they voiced that I would be taken care of...I'm not sure if arrangements were made for me or not, but I had a great experience staying at the Westin!Location: It's an empty lot behind Wild Bill's Saloon and 1/2 block from Bally's...much shorter distance that I had presumed from reading reviews. I ended up walking to the street called Audrie, crossed over and went through Bally's at its Sports Book &amp; Food Court Entrance...so essentially, Bally's was my hub out. Casino: The casino is pretty small..they have Happy Hour Monday through Thursday (i think) where their bet minimums are lower (something in the 50 cent range). I didn't gamble at all at the Westin.Restaurant: No clue either..I ate on the Strip.Rooms: Definitely one of the better beds and showers I have stayed at...that's not to say it's the best, but it's definitely better than say, Imperial Palace. I stayed in a room with 2 Double Beds...there was a mini safe, mini fridge (they said i could move things around and put some of my stuff in there w/o a problem), flat screen CRT TV, 2 love chairs (if that's the word...), a desk with a chair...pretty much the usual stuff.As other have mentioned, it's a good place for those who want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. I enjoyed the nightlife of the Strip (and at my friend's Wedding) still, but was glad I didn't have to walk through a large casino/resort to get back to my room. Elevators aren't clogged like the big hotels on the Strip are, so going up to your room (I was on the 12th Floor) and back down is fast. (e.g. I left an item up in my room so it took me less than 4 minutes to go from the outside of the hotel to my room and back down after opening up the mini safe in the room too! Overall, I'm glad I stayed at the Westin. I have stayed at Imperial Palace, Bally's, Monte Carlo and it's pretty much all the same to me because I don't spend much time in my room and really do not take advantage of the Spas.	
Aug 11 2008 	A little dissapointed	We were traveling with a baby so we chose this hotel that was away from all the hustle and bustle of the strip. It was good because the facility was smoke-free but was disappointed because of the poor customer service and room service was very slow. We requested a crib when we checked in but it took 3 calls and a call to the manager before we got the crib the next day. The first night we couldn't get sleep ,we had to sleep crammed in a king bed with the baby because the crib never came. Your first impression when you walk into the hotel was it would be a clean especially with the fresh scent you breathe as you enter the hotel they advertised that it is a smoke-free facility but as you walk thru the hall and into your room the carpet was filthy and stained. Our bed seemed like the sheets werent changed from the last people who stayed in the room. The bathroom was ok, but we had to ask for extra shampoo and rinse each night because there was only enough for one person provided in the room. We left a tip and a note requesting extra shampoo, the tip was gone but the housekeeper didnt leave extra shampoo,so we still had to request it by phone each night and it took so long to come...The pool was so small, we wanted to relax by the pool side but it was too crammed, and the jacuzzi closes at 8.So we are a little disappointed for the price we paid, and they had all these surcharges, (even had to pay for internet access). Maybe we were unlucky with our housekeeper but I wouldnt stay here again...	
Aug 4 2008 	If you are looking for Drinking Fun Laughter and Gambling- NOT THE PLACE	Although the hotel has great ammenities and is clean this is not the place for a traveler looking for a &quot;vegas strip&quot; hotel. The clientel is mostly older, not a lot of good gambling in the casino area. We were even told we were being too loud in an empty resturant to later find out that the manager was the one who complained, when in all reality we were sitting in the casino where there was music playing and slot machines dinging. If you are looking for a place to laugh, drink, gamble and smoke , the Westin is not for you- so in all reality if you are looking to go to Vegas stay somewhere else!	
Jul 27 2008 	Pefect for off/near the Strip	At the heart of the Strip, but off the Strip - i.e., best of both worlds (unless you really want to be on the Strip - if you do, then don't bother reading this review). It's a relief to come back to this hotel after a foray into the mania on the Strip. I visited Vegas to visit the Strip, not be a victim of it - which you are if you stay at any of the hotels on the Strip (overpriced, overcrowded, overhyped). But this place is just 5 minutes walk from the Bellagio, so it couldn't be more convenient. I was bumped to this place due to a mistake by Hotels.com, so I was skeptical - but it won me over; I would definitely go back there if I had to go back to Vegas.Everything here is adequate, but not posh by any stretch - not 4-star, more like 3.5 star. The room was very comfortable, with the famous Westin beds and towels, and the bathroom luxurious. Services were prompt and courteous. The pool is almost perfunctory - not at all fancy or whatever it is that people look for at a pool deck (I saw the Luxor pool deck, it looked like a cattle yard); the gym is adequate, but it's weird to have to walk through all the conference room hallways to get there. The casino also seemed like it was just an obligation - no style, no excitement to be seen. But there are dozens of huge casinos within walking distance, so if that's your thing, go there and stay at the Westin as a place to get a rest when you're done.The only negative was that $10/day &quot;service fee&quot; - as someone else mentioned, if it's mandatory, it should be in the basic price per night.	
Jul 27 2008	A calm peaceful oasis.	My daughter and I stayed here one night en route from Calgary to Phoenix by road. Her dog was travelling with us and we chose the Westin as they are pet friendly. We arrived hot, tired and in need of comfort and rest. We had a wonderful stay here. From check in to check out staff were super friendly and helpful. ( They even ran a toy up to the room for the dog!) The hotel is a calm, cool oasis within easy walking distance of the strip and the noisy, crowded hotels that we normally stay at when visiting Vegas. The room was quiet and the beds fantastic. We used the pool and restaurant....both were great! We walked to some other casinos but enjoyed coming back here at the end of the evening. I will probably stay here next time I am in town. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 22 2008 	Nicely tucked away	This hotel is for people like me who enjoy visiting the huge and packed strip hotel/casinos but at the end of the day wants to come back to the tranquility of my hotel, which is only one block from the strip, on the corner at Bally's and Flamingo. Well, when I say tranquility, please bear in mind this is still Vegas, so the inevitable slot machines will be there for you. But even so, the lobby was really nicely decorated and even formal.The room was extremely spacious, to a point of being sparsely furnished. But really, no complains here.Parking was easy and free, but wi-fi was abusely priced at $15 a day or so. I made sure to use it somewhere else. I hope hotels realize soon that free wi-fi should be a standard service for a 4 or 5 star hotel. Stop nickel and diming... There's a pool which I'd qualify as poor by Vegas standards, but ok if it was in another city. Nothing special, really, they could've done better.I'd recommend the hotel if you don't make a focal point of your visit to stay in one of the mega resorts.	
Jul 13 2008 	Horrible Starwood Hotel	Front desk staff..RUDE...Bartenders...RUDE.....Dealers......RUDE. They close the Roulette and Craps tables from 1am to 5pm which is a huge bummer. The pool is awful and the 10 dollar a day extra service fee is bs.	
Jul 10 2008 	A Great Value!	This 4-star hotel, just off the Strip, is conveniently located and is a very clean, modern and comfortable hotel. It has a parking garage, swimming pool, gym, sauna, daily newspaper, in-room coffee, etc. - everything I would want - but therein, ironically, lies my only gripe with this otherwise fine hotel. Regardless of the room rate you booked, there is a mandatory surcharge per day for those items, even if you did not have a car to park or have time for the pool, gym or newspaper . IF THE SURCHARGE IS MANDATORY, WHY NOT INCLUDE IT IN THE ROOM RATE? I would rate this hotel as closer to 3.5 stars as the place is too plain for four stars and the staff, while efficient at the front desk, are not that all that attentive nor cordial enough to warrant a 4 star. There was not a single &quot;Good Morning&quot; greeting from any of several staff members in the lobby in four mornings I passed through there. (Sigh) It is Las Vegas, I know, and I guess I've been too spoiled at real 4-star hotels I've stayed at in other cities. Here's my kicker, though - I would still stay here again because it is a great value despite the &quot;mandatory surcharge&quot; and I guess I can make do without staff greetings, too. Next time on Priceline, I'll just bid $10 less to cover the surcharge.	
Jul 9 2008 	This place was fantastic	This hotel was perfect - I've stayed in a lot of the strip hotels and I would choose this one hands down over any of those. Don't let the 'off the strip' fool you. It was a very short block from the strip - easily walked, even in the horrible heat. The staff was wonderful at check-in, pleasant and attentive. The lobby had fresh flowers every day in beautiful glass vases - reminded me of Bellagio on a smaller scale. The casino was smaller than the strip hotels but perfect, not smoky, plenty of machines, a handful of tables and the best part - you didn't get lost in it! They even had a $40 for $25 promotion that worked out nicely. The rooms were beautiful, clean updated, 'heavenly beds' that Westin is noted for. Bathrooms were beautiful. The pool was small but great as it had expanded hours. At strip hotels the pools don't open till 9 and begin to close at about 6:00 p.m. this pool opened at 5:00 a.m. and didn't close until 2:00 a.m.! The fitness center was very nice, I've seen a lot of fitness centers at hotels and this was definitely one of the higher end ones - large, well equipped, and clean. I did not have any services in the spa but my friends did and they were very pleased. I went in for a look around and it was beautiful. The restaurant had great food and reasonable prices. For being 'off the strip' this hotel really had everything - casino, nice pool, fitness center, Starbuck's, nice restaurant, nice gift shop (even had Haagen Daaz!). the staff was pleasant and attentive throughout the hotel. My friends and I have deemed this our hotel of choice for future trips to Vegas. We were there for a mother/daughter trip but I think it would be perfect for couples too. Maybe not families as kids wouldn't have a ton to do but for those travelers looking for a relaxing, luxury stay at a reasonable price where you can still have 'Vegas' - gambling and close to strip - I highly recommend this place.	
Jul 7 2008 	Fantastic Stay Loved The Westin Will Always Stay here	Let me start by saying that if you're review includes location complaints it is noibodys fault but you're own. If you priceline and got this hotel then it's you're fault for being cheap. There is not allot you can complain about when you use Priceline. I used Priceline knowing well in advanced that I was not staying at the Bellagio at $100 a night. That being said this Hotel is the best in Vegas. I got to Vegas 7-8 times a week to play high staakes poker. I have stayed everywere, that weekend was expensive becuase of the World Series of Poker. I usually stay at Venetian because thats were I play poker. I could not stomack the $499 a night for that weekend. Compared to the lines and waiting you have to do at other Hotels this was the best. I'm a Gold Prefered Memeber becuase of my Plat Amex. Valet is flwless always ahd my car within 5 minutes of asking the atendant. Try getting you're car in 5 minutes at a strip hotel. LOL Check In was flawless, I got an automatic upgrade to the 17th floor with a great view. Didnt have to give ANYONE the $20 trick to get a decent room. I still tipped him $10 for his good work. I was in and out of the strip in minutes using my rental car and hotels vallet. I loved being able to remove myslef form the madneess of the strip. I loved being able to wlak 20 steps to the elevators in my roon and not wait for hours for a cab or my car from vallet. The actual room was 5 stars tom all the way. I have stayed at the Bellagio and Venetian the only difference is the room size of the Venetian. Every amenetie is exactly the same. Loved every inch of the room great sitting coushes with magazine table. The Huge 5 Star hotels dont have any time for the people in the delux (Cheap) rooms. All the 5 star service is awarded to the high rollers and people in pent houses. Let's stop trying to be someone were not in Vegas. Every person who goes expects the treatmebnt they see on TV. This Hotel is a bargain and the location is fantastic. The absolute best part is the 4:00pm checkout for Prefered Gold Members. try getting a 4:00pm check out at the Bellagio or Venetian without paying a whole night. This is the best place next to the strip the wlak is half of block. If you're not willing to lwak half of block then dont go to Vegas. In most hotels it's half of block to wlak from the front door to the elevators and pool area. Stop crying about location and remember YOU BOOK THE HOTEL. Nobody lese forces you to supply you're credit card. If you want to stay on strip pay STRIP prices and stop crying.	
Jul 6 2008 	Average Hotel but not really 4 stars	We stayed at the Westin over 4th of July weekend. We were automatically booked by Priceline.com. It is rated as a 4 star hotel, but is far from it. It is cozy, with nice rooms, but is no where near the mega 4 star resorts on the Las Vegas Strip. Tiny pool, expensive restaurant, and tight slot machines. Nice environment, friendly employees, but not worth paying the average 4 star price.	
Jul 5 2008 	great business and pleasure stay	I don't understand the negative reviews of this property. I had a great four night stay for business, great staff, very attentive and polite, great room on the top floor, close to the strip. Very impressed with most of the property except the pool area, pretty small by Vegas standards. Loved the workout room and from check in to check out, great personnel everywhere, I'll be back.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great deal!!	I did have low expectations before I arrived, but I was pleasantly satisfied. Great service, cheap and, as good as the bigger more whimsical hotels. The hotel room was small, but clean. I heard horror reviews about toilets, elevators, and air conditioning not working, but everything was running well. There is an additional fee of $10/day I was aware of, but I figured they give you a coffee maker with starbucks coffee, Tazo tea and free water bottles, that I didn't care. The Heavenly bed wasn't as comfortable as anticipated. Treasure Island's bed is way better, but the Heavenly shower was amazing. I love that the hotel is non-smoking. Taxi service is not as quick, but they do come. I'm lazy and walking to the strip was out of the question. They do need a bigger in-room service menu, but it was still delicious. My phone wasn't working and had to call the desk on my cell phone. Someone came up to fix it within 10 minutes Pool is tiny!. Oh..One annoying thing..The elevators continuously play Elvis' &quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot;. Not kidding..It's on repeat mode. I would definitely stay here again!!	
Jun 27 2008 	Solid 4 Star Hotel	My family and I stayed here for one weekend night due to the decent rate we got on Priceline. The hotel is about 1.5 blocks off of the main strip but is directly across the street from Bally's.Check in was very fast. All of the employees were very curteous and helpful. The room was great. Very clean and comfortable. The casino is small and uncrowded. The dealers were very friendly. I liked the low table minimums ($5.00) - which were especially good for a weekend night.Yes they do charge the 10.00 fee at check out but we were told about it upfront so I didn't try to get it removed. I feel like they should jusy build it in to the cost of the room so as to not annoy the customers with it.Bascially if you want a decent clean place to stay that is not in the hustle and bustle of the strip then you should consider this hotel.	
Jun 23 2008 	Nice Service	Our Stay at the Westin was very nice. The staff is nice and the hotel is nice. The rooms are very small but Vegas is not a place where you'll spend much time in your room. Our room was suppose to be a King but we arrived to find out we were stuck with a Double instead. It wasn't a big deal to us, we didn't really care about that. There was a nice happy hour in the Suede Lounge from 5:30 to 7:30 with free beer, wine, and refreshments such as fruit, cheese, crackers, and etc. Overall our stay was pleasant and you are close to all the casino's such as Harrah's, Ballagio, and Flamingo. Remember to ride the Duece to see Las Vegas.	
Jun 20 2008 	Watch-out for unauthorized "Hotel Services" Charges!	This hotel attempted to charge a bogus $10/day &quot;Hotel Services&quot; Fee to my bill. I refused to pay it and the hotel agreed to remove the charges. No mention of this fee was made when I made the reservation or during check-in. I would have thought that the Westin chain wouldn't stoop to such slimy profit-making tactics. Too bad, because other than it's not-so-convenient location, this is a nice hotel. Stay here if you must, but review your bill closely upon check-out!!!	
Jun 16 2008 	Good value hotel	This is a good hotel about 1.5 blocks off the strip. My 2nd stay.We booked through the hotel website and got what we thought was a fairly competitive rate of US$136 + taxes.Hotel was clean and staff very professional. Business centre people helpful.The one word of warning is that they do try and add a $10 + taxes per night 'Resort services' fee to the bill. Anyway, my colleague &amp; I separately called customer services (before we had checked out) and they removed the charges as a courtesy! Thanks to Trip Advisor for brining it to my attention and saving us $60 + tax.The main reason for staying here was the price (compared with $200++ at the conference hotel) but it is a nice , smaller hotel (when compared with others in Vegas) and the walk up to the strip is really not an issue. I am sure I'll be staying there again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Good Hotel	We stayed at The Westin for one Night June 7. We stayed there because the rooms elsewhere were either sold out or too expensive. We have stayed in Vegas at least 20 times and this was our first time at the Westin. I did priceline name your own price and got the room for $100 ( it was listing for $199). Valet was quick and easy. No line to check in but there were no king rooms available immediately. We checked our bags with the baggage check and went to check out the pool. Our room was ready about 35 minutes later when we went back to check-in.Pool is very small and it was later in the day so there were a few chairs open. Like most places in Vegas, drinks are overpriced but that is to be expected. It was a pretty laid back pool experience without loud music, a few kids were there but not many. We didn't gamble in the small casino so i can't comment on that, but it wasn't very crowded for a Saturday nightThe room was very nice. Super comfy bed with nice pillows. Nice robe in the closet. Scale in the room with coffee maker and mini bar. Didnt use it, but plenty in it. I love the tea in the room! The water pressure was good, which is important to me. Overall the room was pretty small but fine for 2 people. I dont know if i would want to stay with my kids in the room....too small but pretty nice and very clean! I would stay again for the right price. Its a short short 5 minute walk to the strip, which isnt a big deal because you walk all day on the strip anyway. The rest in the hotel...i think it was called suede was very good. We ate their at 4am and the service was slightly slow and we got the food to go. Check out was super easy.Oh one thing...there was an extra $10 service charge on our bill at checkout. We didnt ask about it, but was disappointed to see it. Overall like i said would stay again for no more than about $120/night.	
Jun 9 2008	Very nice hotel off strip	I stayed in this hotel about 2 blocks from the strip, near Bally's, and was surprised on how nice the hotel was. The hotel rooms are very luxurious with very comfortable beds. The bathrooms are equally nice, lots of marble and lots of extras. The room even includes a drip coffee pot, something I don't see in most strip hotels.The down side to the hotel is the casino. It is very small. The good news is it is only two blocks to Bally's, Bill's or Caesars(other side of strip).	
Jun 9 2008 	Confused as to why Westin keeps this property	I'm interested to see what others think of this hotel after I write this review. I stayed here due to a company event at the hotel, and as such, didn't bother reading any reviews in advance like I normally do. The review title indicates my somewhat ambivalent experience at the hotel, including its conference facilities.The good side - the hotel had all the normal Westin 'Heavenly' amenities - Heavenly Bed, double showerhead, bath products, etc. Land-line Internet was reliable in the rooms. Dinner at Suede, the onsite restaurant was surprisingly good for a hotel restaurant - my colleague was also taken aback (positively) and the size and flavor of the meal. The hotel itself is about 2 blocks from the strip, and the walk is certainly manageable - and you'll save some money for it (room rate was only $89 per night).Here's the bad, and hence my wondering why Westin keeps this property under this brand name. The rooms were a bit small. Hallway carpeting and wallpaper clearly need some cleaning; same with the elevators. I would almost venture that this has not always been a Westin. Business center prices are OUTRAGEOUS - even for higher end hotels, $1 per printed page is exorbitant and borderline price gauging. Wireless internet in the conference facilities was spotty at best, and conference services costs were again exorbitant. The staff were very courteous as always, but I didn't feel that I was receiving extra-special service given the cost.Overall - if you're staying for a Vegas weekend - go to a Strip hotel. You can get equally good deals. If you're there for a meeting at the Westin, it won't be a bad stay, but you'll be underwhelmed if you tend to stay at high-end Westins. Try Planet Hollywood - you'll still get the Starwood points and be on the strip.	
Jun 7 2008 	Business hotel or very basic tourist hotel.	This hotel smells of smoke as soon as you enter the lobby. I found that very unsettling as signs are posted everywhere that it is a non smoking hotel. Well, the hotel might be non smoking but the casino is loaded with smoke! And, that smoke drifts around! Ugh!Hotel seems in desperate need of a remodel, although they seem to be doing the best they can. The restuarant, (there is only one of them on the property), &quot;Suede&quot;, is decent and priced okay. Room service did not give me a spoon when I ordered the sorbet, kind of hard to eat ice cream with a fork!The Starbucks on the property was very expensive and the service a little bit rough. The cinnamon roll I ordered was thrown in the bag depositing the icing all over the outside of the bag. The server was very put upon to help me clean up the mess she made.The &quot;free&quot; newspapers were at my door only sporatically, who knows when you are going to get one?The front desk did print my boarding pass and deliver it to my room which was a nice touch.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great room Good location Small casino prepare and you won't be disapointed	I won a bid on Priceline for $89 for Thursday-Sunday over Memorial day weekend and ended up with the Westin Hotel. I think that is the only hotel you can get bidding low on a 4-star on that part of the strip.After reading all of the reviews on TripAdvisor I was concerned. I e-mailed Priceline and never.. I mean NEVER got a response. Not even a &quot;sorry 'bout your luck&quot; reply.I then decided to contact Westin through their website. A day later, a very nice and helpful Westin LV employee contacted me and asked how she could help. I replied and explained my concerns regarding the poor reviews, the extra resort fees, poor room conditions, and poor customer service. She assured me that this was not the case, noted in my file that the resort fee was not to be charged, and gave me her contact information incase there were any issues that the shift manager could not handle. If you read this Kristin, thank you!I can say that the stay there was great. Very comfortable beds, , dual shower heads, very quiet location off the strip, and every employee that I came into contact with was extremely professional and friendly. It also has a nice little casino with low limit table games that were never really crowded.The worst part about the hotel was the location. If you were walking, you walk past a kinda nasty section of street, but well lit and never really a problem. The taxi line at the hotel can be a little slow given its location. They do have a limo on site that charged $40 for a trip to the airport, but I would assume that it would take you anywhere you wanted to go.I will say that I was still charged the resort fee on my original bill, but after mentioning this to the gentleman checking us out, it was quickly removed.If you happen to get this hotel on Priceline, be thankful. You wont need to walk for miles to get to your room and you will be right where you want to be.	
Jun 3 2008 	eh just OK.	Arrived at the Westin with my mother for a convention. The check in was a little confusing but the man at the preferred guest desk offered to check us in and we got our luggage checked and decided to grab breakfast before going to the convention center to set up for a show. Breakfast buffet food was OK but NOT a good value- we didn't do it again.Room for two was really quite small, especially for 2 people. There wasn't enough room for both of us to set up our suitcases. She used the luggage rack and I unpacked mine completely and stuck it in an unused corner. Complimentary single cup coffee was nice but for 2 days the entire hotel was out of caffeinated coffee packetsUsed our coupons for the free casino play which was kinda fun, although for serious gambling, you'd do better to walk to Bally's or Bill's. The staff at the casino window were laughably unfriendly. I think they found some cranky retirees and put them in charge.The pool is the size of a postage stamp, so if the pool is a big deal you will be disappointed.Positives: new, very clean, non-smoking (except in the casino), accepts pets. Convenient location, nice beds. Our room had a nice view looking north - we could see the Wynn and the mountains.But would I say this is Westin quality? No, I do expect a bit more from the Westin and this was just ordinary.	
May 28 2008 	Good deal for the price	We had a good time staying here. To begin, don't go in expecting one of those huge Vegas Strip hotels. This is a smaller, quiet hotel, about a 5-10 minute walk from the Strip. It is very close to Bally's and Bill's. Other nearby hotels are the Flamingo, Bellagio, and Caesar's (all 10-20 mins walk away). The Westin's rooms are fine. Quiet - away from the noise of the Strip. The lobby bar is fun and the bartenders are very friendly. They know the fun places to dine in the area, and take the time to chat with you about what you're looking to do while in Vegas. The casino is very quiet. The craps ($5 min) and roulette tables open in the afternoon/evening and stay quiet until later in the evening. There is always at least 1 blackjack table open ($5 min on weekday mornings/afternoons, $10 on weekends). We had a big group, so it being a quiet casino worked out well for us, b/c we could gather around one table. The dealers are friendly and not at all impatient like at some of the bigger casinos. The con of that is, of course, that there isn't as much action/noise/excitement at the tables. One thing to watch out for is the Westin's &quot;player's club&quot; voucher. It is a card/coupon you can sign up for that gives you $40 in bets for $25 (or some other values). When we checked in, the man at the front explicitly said that the vouchers are good for 'table and slot play', but luckily, before registering I asked to confirm, and found that they are only good for slots. These cards only make sense for someone who will play $40 in slots (since you cannot just cash it all out). The pool and pool bar aren't so impressive, but are fine for a quick swim and a beer. The restaurant downstairs is fine for a quick meal, but the breakfast buffet is overpriced. There is a Starbucks in the lobby, which is very handy. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Westin Casuarina. I found this hotel to be a very good deal for something so close to the Strip.	
May 25 2008 	Terrific deal for the price	wanted to stay near the strip without the strip price - this hotel was great! short walk (quickie cab!) from the strip made it perfect.the rooms are smoke free and for the most part, so was the downstairs casino area.the staff was above and beyond helpful. the cab porters were VERY nice.we stayed the last week of october and was surprised at how busy the strip was, but how quiet the hotel was.rooms and bathrooms were clean and comfortable. very soft bed with NICE linens.did the hotel sunday brunch buffet - gooood food, a bit pricey.would definitely recommend.	
May 25 2008 	Don't ever stay here unless you want to be charged extra	The stay was ok, but nothing great, and a disappointment for a Westin property. I stay at a lot of Westin properties on business and have never had customer service as bad as the Westin Las Vegas. They will nickel and dime you daily fees of $10 for things you never receive (like a morning paper), and when you ask to be credited they won't do it. To add insult to injury, we NEVER used the mini-bar, but my credit card bill had refreshment center charges for items we never consumed. When you call them, they put you into the accounting office voicemail, but the accounting department never calls you back. So you are stuck fighting the charges through your credit card issuer. Just terrible customer service. Would never stay at this hotel nor ever recommend it to anyone. There are much better options in Las Vegas.	
May 24 2008 	Outstanding Guest Service	I stayed at the Westin Casuarina Las Vegas Hotel last week Wednesday through Saturday, May 14-17, and wanted to send you an e-mail on my experience.I am a platinum Starwoods member and travel extensively for my job. I live at hotels more than I do at home some months. I have always thought that the Starwood properties did an admirable job of connecting with its guests and their needs; however, I had an above and beyond experience when at your hotel and it was all due to the kind and responsive nature of Katie Wytrwal who works in your lounge.I had a horrific day, one of the worst that I can recall in years. After getting up at 3:00 a.m. and travelling nine hours with layovers to get to Las Vegas, I found that my banners, easels and chocolates for the HD 2008 Expo trade show were MIA, and my luggage was lost. I not only had a first time meeting with a new client that day, I also had a black tie event the following evening with no promises from the airlines to deliver.To sum it up, after another frustrating call to the airlines at 9 that evening, I went to the lounge intent upon ordering a drink and dinner. Katie waited on me and honed in immediately that I was not the usual Las Vegas customer. She was so nice and kept checking on me finally asking me if anything was wrong. Well, let's just say a litany followed. She changed a terrible day into manageable, and actually helped me to find the humor. I went to my room feeling much better about the whole day.After I left, sent up wine and chocolates with a handwritten note telling me how nice it was to meet me and how she hoped the rest of my stay went well.I was absolutely floored.... I have shared this story with my management and co-associates here at Kohler as well as friends and family. This attention to customer service spoke volumes.I will be attending the show again next year as well as a personal vacation at the end of 2008 and will stay nowhere else based upon this experience. I do hope Katie is still a part of your team at that time. She is an asset and now I consider her a friend.Thank you for giving me this moment to share my experience.	
May 23 2008 	Loved The Westin	My husband and I just got back from Vegas. We had a terrific time at the Westin. The Staff are so friendly and helpful. Everyone we came across asked if we were having a good time and if they could help us. The beds truely were heavenly and shower was wonderful. The only negative was that the rooms were a little small. Suede has a great breakfast buffet that we enjoyed every morning. The casino is a little small, I did well on a couple of machines though. The Westin is more for business travellers and couples with one or two small children. We liked that we did not have to contend with partiers at 2 am. We will definitely go back to the Westin.	
May 21 2008 	HORRIBLE! Wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy!	Fool me once, shame on me, … We all know how this adage goes and it applies to the Westin Causarina. Please allow me to share my experience.We selected this hotel because we were satisfied the past two stays there as well as the fact that my wife is a Starwood member. We booked the room a few weeks in advance, requesting a crib and refrigerator for our baby. We confirmed this days prior to our arrival, at which time the agent confirmed in no uncertain terms that there would be a crib waiting for us as well as a baby welcome-kit. We confirmed this so that we did not have to pack the pack-and-play. SURPRISE! No crib. Instead the front-desk offered to print out directions to Wal-Mart so that I could go and purchase a crib myself. Oh, and no refrigerator either. But we were assured we were the top of the list.Next morning we call housekeeping to confirm we are on this crib-list. Later that morning I decide to check with the front desk how that crib-list is looking. What crib-list? Speechless, I recount the past events for the manager-on-duty who then assured me he would see to it we got a crib. The crib did arrive that afternoon. As a favor, this manager agreed to allow us to use one of the pool cabanas (it is now 2:00 PM and there are four empty cabanas) for the rest of the afternoon at no charge. The manager went directly to the pool and discussed this with the cabana person. SURPRISE. Upon check-out I see that we were charged $75 by the Hibiscus Spa, presumably responsible for cabana rentals. How did they learn of our room number on which to charge for the cabana? To make matters worse, when I disputed the charge, saying that we did not sign for this charge, the front desk person calls up to the spa, at which point the spa representative says I was lying. I was lying because the spa had a signed check in front of them, signed by my wife. When I went up to the spa to request copies of any and all checks for my room, there was a great deal of backpedaling and excuse-making before they were finally willing to produce said cabana check. And guess what – NO SIGNATURE! So was I really a liar?Did I mention the condition of the room we checked into? One partial roll of toilet-paper only, no shoe-shine bag, no laundry bag, not fresh sheets, broken internet connection, damaged cable connection on TV resulting in poor reception, no coffee cups, broken ice machine on this floor and the floor below, and numerous occasions where persons tried to enter the door. This was the equivalent of a youth hostel. Well, the fridge never did arrive and we had the crib for the second night only; never receiving the welcome baby kit, even after asking about it again. The response – Did you have the baby with you when you checked in?As a gesture of good will, the front desk person on check-out agreed to credit back the resort fees (approximately $20) as well as credit our Starwood account 7,000 points. Neither have happened and it has been over a week. But here’s the best part – my car was broken into in their parking garage.Did you know that the reserved spaces, immediately adjacent to the entrance, and in the only well-lighted area of the garage that is covered by surveillance cameras, are all saved for hotel employees? Yes, for the general manager and his/her ilk that have as yet refused to respond to my numerous demands for answers. I parked my car at 9 PM and came back out at 8 AM the next morning to find that the drivers’ side door was broken into. The security person first on the scene had to ask me three times “Are you sure you locked it?” What does that matter, because it would not change the position of the Westin - they were not going to help me regardless. And yes, I was sure, because the driver’s lock was broken as a result of this. Apparently the video surveillance does not cover this area of the garage where the guests have to park. And the bell desk said they were precluded from calling Las Vegas Police on my behalf.As a result of all this, I was promised by Westin corporate that the hotel would be contacting me to discuss these matters. I was contacted by the head of security, who was personable but uninformed regarding my stay. In his defense, he did what he could do, which was to apologize and to offer even more Starwood points. Guess what, haven’t seen those yet either. As of this writing I have not been contacted by anyone form the Westin that has actually looked into any of these occurrences or who can actually offer any relief.So now I am back in Los Angeles , with my briefcase stolen and unable to open my drivers’ side door in my car. We spent approximately $500 at the Westin and the baby is now recovering from a difficult couple of days there. I am personally tired of the fighting but have learned a valuable lesson – you have to fight for everything at the Westin, even when they promise you things.Trust me, I won’t be fooled again!	
May 19 2008 	Worked for me	Got the Westin for like 90/night via Priceline. Reasonable distance from everything. The room was good enough to fit 5 drunk guys at night. No problems. They did try to charge us a $10/day fee for services or something, but i called shenanigans and they took it off the bill. Just watch for it. The pool is smaller but good enough.	
May 17 2008 	Nice hotel close to many Strip casinos	I've stayed at this Westin several times before for work and it's been very nice, just like all other Westins. The pool is not as big as I would have liked, but the room itself was very nice. The Mai Tai's were delicious!	
May 8 2008 	Heavenly Peace in Busy Vegas!	Just as soon as you land in Las Vegas it is overwhelmingly stimulating. There are slot machines in the airport, tons of people coming and going, several carousels with luggage spinning around, and lighted signs with photos and ads that all look so exciting! It is clear this city makes tremendous efforts to let you know that you're now in Vegas and the fun is about to begin.But it can drain you. Once you do find the right carousel with your luggage, the lines will begin. A line for the cab can take awhile and looks more like you're waiting to board the most popular ride at Disneyland during peak season. Once you arrive at your hotel, there will be another line for checking in; and it too will look like the cab line at the airport. So you are now ready to get to your room, drop your luggage, and get to the casino.I have stayed at many of the popular &quot;theme&quot; hotels in Las Vegas and I can say that they are crowded, noisy, busy, and it may take you quite a long time just to get to the right elevator, which takes you to the right floor, and you will walk even further down a long hallway to your room. It may not bother you at first, but once you've been in Vegas for a night, you'll wish your room was more easily accessible and not such a long journey.This is the first advantage to staying at the Westin Casuarina. One short walk to the registration desk, comfy chairs nearby, one elevator to your floor, and a short hallway. Once in, you'll see the famous &quot;heavenly bed&quot; awaits you. After a night of shows, drinks, and gambling, your aching feet will appreciate this quiet, peaceful gem of a hotel in which to retire and rest up for the next exciting evening.Located just off the strip, it is within walking distance of the Bellagio, Treasure Island, Paris, and all the other beautiful hotels to see. There is a spa with pampering treatments, and a pool that offers poolside food &amp; beverage service. There are tented spots to snag whenever possible as the Vegas sun can be quite powerful. The hotel also has a Starbucks downstairs, as well as a nice gift shop and a restaurant. The food is good; the eggs benedict was a daily routine of mine. The casino was the luckiest one I have ever encountered in Las Vegas! In a very short weekend, I surprised the casino floor manager, (who later became my friend), with constantly winning and in need of a payout!There are so many reasons to stay here and only here while in Vegas; but perhaps the most important to me was the peace &amp; quiet! I could always count on coming back to the Westin to relax, unwind, get some rest, and be quite comfortable while doing so! I've been back many times and would never stay anywhere else in Vegas.	
May 8 2008 	A surprisingly nice stay at the Westin Casuarina	Just returning from a weekend meeting in Las Vegas. This hotel is just off the strip across the street from Bally's. For Las Vegas, this is a &quot;tiny&quot; hotel. What it lacks in size it makes up for in personality and service. This was not extravagant and over the top like many of the hotels in Las Vegas, but it is comfortable. The rooms are not the largest, but well appointed with Westin's trademark Heavenly Bed, Heavenly Bath, etc. Soundproofing is a bit of an issue. I had some very loud neighbors having a party in their room, but they did quiet down.If there is one thing negative to say about this property, it is the outrageous $13.99 charge for internet service in the room. Why high-end hotels continue to charge for internet when moderately priced hotels continue to give it away for free is mind boggling. The music in the main lobby borders on too loud.For an off-beat, slower paced hotel that doesn't require a trail of bread crumbs to find your way out of, the Westin is a gem. I would highly recommend.	
May 5 2008 	Perfect Hotel 	My husband &amp; i stayed April 26 - 29, 2008. We loved the hotel. The beds were very comfortable, the location was ideal (we caught the monorail either at Ballys or the flamingo) and the food was amazing. The elevators were fast and the hotel is not so huge that you can't get anywhere. We stayed on the 14th floor (room 1432) and from leaving our room, it took less than a minute to get down to the pool, lobby, spa and Starbucks. The players card was a great deal- my points payed for a cabana rental, 2 meals and coffee at Starbucks every morning. The pool is not fancy, but small so service is great and if it is sun you want, the lounge chairs are very comfy. We had free bottles of water in our room and the room was very clean. During the day, we left the blinds closed and the A/C on and the room stayed cool. The only 2 issues we had were 1. Housekeeping: each day, our room didn't get cleaned until after 4:00 PM. We like to come back from the pool in the afternoon to shower before we go out, and that was hard with dirty towels. We called for more towels and they showed up, however, after a long, hot relaxing, cocktail-infused day at the pool, we like to come back to a cool, refreshing, cleaned room. 2. Lost and found: we left a book and sunscreen at the cabana, and the next day, the pool boy said he took it to lost and found. So, i went to the lobby, and the security guy was rude and it was clear he had more important things to do than locate the items that were taken to them. I got a run-around and wasted a lot of time dealing with him, and my items &quot;mysteriously&quot; disappeared in less than 12 hours. He said &quot;we usually throw that kind of stuff away&quot; my suggestion is that the pool area have their own lost &amp; found and what a nice touch it would be to come back to the pool and have someone have taken the time to save our things. We signed for drinks so they had our name &amp; room number. Overall, great experience and as a SPG member, i will definitely be back. We loved leaving the excitement of the strip to return to our &quot;quiet&quot; get-a-way at the Westin.	
Apr 30 2008 	WE Love The Westin Las Vegas	We have been staying at the Westin Las Vegas for about 3 years now pretty regularly. If you are going to Vegas to see white tigers and pretty fountains in your lobby, this is not the hotel for that. But if you want an amazingly relaxing stay, clean and comfortable rooms, and great customer service this is the place for it.Everytime we stay there, we say its like coming home. From my previous trips to any other hotel in vegas, you would never see the same person twice at any other hotel. At the Westin, its the same faces in the casino, the front desk, and the restaurant. You not only see the same people during your stay, but every trip. Its a nice welcoming feeling. And they remember you.Some of our favorite things about the hotel is the nice little Casino. It has every game you could want. It is practically smoke free. My partner and I like to gamble separately, so we can play and then easily find each other. If you order a cocktail from the waitresses it come rather quickly and if you move to a different table or slot machine, they will FIND YOU! (Try getting that kind of service from Ceasars!) Also, speaking of the big dog casinos, how do you think they pay for all that marble/fountains/pirate ships/volcanos/etc?? The Westin is nice, but not elaborate. Most trips there my partner and I come back with some money, get great comps and paybacks, and we attribute it to a better return rate in the casino vs. what you get at some other casino. (they have to pay for thier white tigers somehow)I have read several of the reviews on here, and yeah, its not a perfect hotel, but what they lack in some of their amenities they definetly make up in freindly, genuine, customer service.I cant wait for our next stay (this weekend)!	
Apr 29 2008 	If you stay here bring your own maid!!!	Hotel is in okay location, but borders on the sketchy areas. Overall, stay was decent, but housekeeping was a NIGHTMARE!! One night when we returned, our room was never cleaned. We went down to the front desk, asked them to clean, were told they would clean immediately. We returned two hours later, IT WAS NEVER CLEANED!!! Then, at least 3 other days, we never got new towels or other supplies like soap, shampoo, etc. Also, breakfast buffet is moderate at best, but costs $18.99!!! Save your money for the slots.	
Apr 29 2008 	Another Priceline fake 4 Star Hotel.	I was looking for a good deal in Vegas, I wanted to go to another 4 star Strip Hotel like MGM, Luxur or Mandolay Bay but prices were a little to high so I tried priceline and hoped to get one of them. I bid $100 and I got the Westin instead. So I though that this one was going to be simular to one of them but when I arrived I found this not to be the case. This is obviously a 2.5 star Hotel. This Hotel is not so bad, for the price that I paid on Priceline. But I have no idea where they got the 4 star rating from. Somebody must have paid somebody off. I wish I could get priceline to give me a credit for not getting a true 4 star Hotel. I hope they remove it from their list too. I had some issue with carpet stains, smelly rooms and broken AC. the Hotel gave me a small credit, and switched rooms, but this is not something to be expected in a 4 star Hotel. My brother in law stayed at Mandolay Bay. We went to visit him there. It was a night and day comparison. They have a Wave pool and a beach. The Westin just has an old fashioned Rectangular Pool, just like at a Howard Johnson. The only thing nice here was that the staff were well dressed and were nice to us. They tried to help as much as they could. They just did not have the means to give us a 4 star experience in a 2 Star building.	
Apr 26 2008	Average at Best	Fell victim to Priceline.com's &quot;Name Your Price&quot; (can't choose hotel!). , but did specify a 4 star hotel. If this hotel was in any other city but Vegas, it would be 3 stars at best. Average service, average cleanliness, average amenities. We checked it at 9pm after a 5+ hour flight only to hear &quot;We're trying to find you a room.&quot; After 10 minutes or so, the attendant told us that they were &quot;neck and neck with housekeeping&quot; and that they had a room with a stain on the carpet but &quot;we need the room more than we need to take care of the stain&quot;. Obviously, I was less than thrilled with this first experience with the hotel service. Stain turned out to be a soda spill (we hoped!), and we were too tired to negotiate a better room with the hotel staff. (We threw a towel over the stain and hoped housekeeping would clean it the next day---they never did, and we were there for FOUR nights!). All things aside, hotel is in a great location to the Strip--right between Bally's and the Flamingo. Safe to walk at night (or early morning!), and Starbucks coffee &amp; free water in room is a plus. Suede Cafe has a delicious buffet ($18 per person). BE AWARE that they charge a $10 per day &quot;Hotel Service Fee&quot;. I brought this to the attention of the staff upon checkout and they waived the $40 in &quot;hotel service fees&quot; because of our carpet stain and their failure to deliver clean towels. Over all, an okay hotel if you pay less than $100 per night (we paid $90 due to Priceline.com). Pool is very small--no atmosphere. Casino is kinda lame. But it's non-smoking and not far from the action.	
Apr 19 2008 	A very average hotel	I stayed for 5 nights at the Westin as part of a business trip to Las Vegas in Apr 2008. I did not have much of a choice since I booked late and our company has very few negotiated properties in Las Vegas.First, my room was not very clean and the carpet was in desperate need of a long hot steam clean. The bathroom was also not very clean and room service was pretty averageOn top of this, the reception staff was not very knowledgeable. I asked 2 receptionists and 2 bellhops the direction to a street and did not get a single clear answer only to find the street right outside intersecting the hotel.Also, my company's negotiated rates indicated free wireless which apparently was not true according to the hotel and I ended up spending 14 dollars a night ( yes every night!!) for a pretty weak connection.On the plus side, the hotel is right on the strip with most casinos within walking distance and the staff were courteousI probably will not chose to stay here unless I have no choice.	
Apr 13 2008 	Close to Eveything	Pros: This hotel is located across from Ballys and you can easily walk to almost anywhere on the strip from here and the pricing was decent. They crammed the lobby but it does have its own casino and 25 cent roulette from 5-8 pm Mon-Thur Happy Hour. The staff (especially bell hops) were very helpful when requested. We did not use the spa or pool but they did look nice for the hotel. They also have an Enterprise Car Rental in the lobby with after hours return.The Westin Beds are very comfortable.Cons:Our first night stay was on the 3rd floor, avoid this floor if possible. Dirty hall ways, room floors were stained and outside air conditioner kept us up all night. (Probably used for wedding and bachelor parties)We returned at the end of the week for the 2nd part of our stay: 11th floor was much cleaner. Hotel staff confused our room reservations so we &quot;missed&quot; a room cleaning. There are some local drinkers that hang around that block, but they did not bother anyone and it is Vegas is it not?Overall: Stay at this Hotel if you are looking for a cheaper place to stay with walking distance to everything and are there just to get some quick drinks at the hotel and sleep there. Go to the Bellagio for the Breakfast Buffet, best on the strip.	
Apr 11 2008	Don't Stay at This Hotel	I am a Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest member, and have probably stayed at 20 Westin hotels around the world in the past 2 years. I had booked the Westin for 3 nights, but checked out after the first night. The hotel should not be a Westin, but a Four Points. The hotel was converted about 5 years ago from a Maxum Hotel. Although decorated and furnished in a Westin style, the service is slow everywhere, the rooms are small, very limited food choices, located 2 long blocks from the Strip, no restaurants in immediate vicinity other than gas station food, and Internet fee is $14. It is far from the Vegas experience. I am now in the Venetian at a little more cost ($200) and it is so worth it. Although a loyal Starwood member, I would never stay at that Westin again.	
Apr 9 2008 	A way to relax in Vegas	The Westin is a nice hotel for people who want to go to Vegas, but also want to escape the claustrophobia that much of Vegas presents. The beds are AMAZING, the most comfortable hotel bed. The bathrooms are nice as well, double headed shower. The whole room has a nice relaxing ambiance. It's also non-smoking, so no stale smoke smell to deal with, which is very nice! The pool is small and mellow. You get fast attention from the pool cocktail waitresses as well. The spa onsite is nice, we got great massages there, my only negative comment is that the spa is kept very cold, so I was cold changing in the locker room and cold in the treatment rooms. It's a great location too since you can walk to the strip and you are right in the middle of it instead of being on one end or the other.	
Apr 4 2008 	Overall a pleasant stay... would return again!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin Casuarina from March 20 to March 23, 2008.We booked through Priceline at a decent price. We did pay for the resort fees though - for $10 a day, we got two bottles of water, which were restocked daily, parking (though parking is free everywhere) and unlimited use of local calling. This came in handy because we wanted to call the same-day show ticket box office. We didn't use the sauna or pool facilities, which were also included in the resort fee. You can also print off your boarding pass at the hotel's business centre/registration desk (depending on the airline).It is located one and a half blocks behind The Flamingo, and we felt safe walking to and from the hotel at night. It is also close to Bally's.The lobby was small yet still welcoming. The casino tables were not always open, but it's not as busy as the hotels on the strip, which means less smoking. Being accustomed to non-smoking indoors, this was a definite plus for us.Check-in was smooth and quick, in fact, since we arrived in the morning and wanted to inquire whether we could leave our luggage until check-in, the friendly staff told us that our room was ready and that we could check in early. We asked for a mini-fridge so we could buy some drinks and store it in the fridge. We stayed on the 6th floor. We did see a few dogs on our floor, but they were coming from the other end - the contact was minimal and we didn't hear any barking, so that was fine. We pretty much needed a place to sleep since we were out for most of the time, and the room was nice and well-decorated. Plenty of towels to use, as well as an iron and ironing board inside the room. The beds were comfortable, and there was a little seating area close to the window. However, there were three things that made our visit less pleasant:1. the hallways get loud around 8 in the morning - not sure whether they were other guests or the housekeeping staff, but trying to sleep in was a bit tough.2. the connecting door was not very sound proof, we could hear coughing sounds from next door, and that was in the middle of the night.3. we spilled juice on the bed and had called housekeeping to change the sheets (this was in the afternoon) and was told they would be more than happy to. We went out for dinner and went back to our room (at 2 in the morning) and noticed that nothing was done. Since it was late and we were both sleepy and tired, we didn't call again, but just laid a towel on top of the sheets. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Westin Casuarina. We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Apr 3 2008	Poor planning on their part leaves me on the floor!	I stayed at the Westin for a event with an organization I am associated with. I was told before hand that we would end up sharing a room, which is not a problem. The problem is when the Westin put me in a single bed room instead of a double. So, and then they were out of rooms to switch us with and didn't have any more roll aways to give me. My night on the floor was the worst stay I have ever had in Vegas.The next morning, the day of my event, I received no help from the hotel staff. The only thing they offered me was to extend my checkout into later that same day. I explained to them that my meeting lasted all day and that wouldn't help me at all. They still couldn't offer me anything.	
Mar 31 2008 	Very bad experience at the Westin in vegas	The location was great off strip location, close walk and best part was you don't have to walk very long to get to your room elevators I booked through priceline, but this hotel also charges a $10 service fee per day (i dont know what for) which I wasnt aware of.After checking in we went to walk the strip and when we came back, we had 1 cellphone and 1 camcorder and 2 cell phone chargers missing from our room. After reporting to security they said they'd get back to us on the status and maybe compensation and never heard from again! BEWARE of your personal items, leave them in the lockbox.Also, after checking in we turned on the A/C in the room and came back few hours later it wasn't working so we thought we had it on wrong so we changed the fan to auto but next morning still was not working so we reported to the front desk and they said they would send an engineer up to take a look, came back later and was still not working. The next morning we reported to the front desk again and they sent someone up right away to take a look, few hours later it still was not working. At this point i was already upset and there wasn't a point of reporting again since i was checking out the next morning. I will never stay at this hotel again!!!	
Mar 30 2008 	A little schizophrenic but good!	I'm not a gambler and usually my visits to Vegas are for the purpose of getting somewhere else--e.g. Zion, Bryce, or Death Valley National Parks. I can handle Vegas in small doses of up to two days. My recent stay at the Westin was a quick overnight coming from Death Valley National Park on my way to an early morning flight out of McCarran. No major conferences or expositions were in Vegas at the time resulting in hotel rates that were good at all establishments including the Westin ($169 total including taxes and &quot;resort fee,&quot; but without internet access of $14.95 a day. I booked my room on the Starwood website).The Westin is a good alternative if one is looking for something low key and calm. It's not a good choice for those looking for action in a self-contained entertainment and gaming paradise .ADVANTAGES1) Located off the Strip, the Westin is easily accessible by car, and getting in and out of the holel is quick because the Westin lacks the vast corridors and public spaces of the mega resorts.2) Nicely designed and maintained rooms (albeit a little small) in the Westin &quot;business cool&quot; style. My room was on the 15th floor (Starwood Preferred Guest floor).3) Extremely comfortable Heavenly Bed.4) Helpful customer service at the front desk and concierge.5) Many independant restaurants are located near the Westin, and the Town Square Las Vegas Mall with multiple dining options is very easy to reach.DISADVANTAGES1) Schizophrenic lobby--too much crammed into a relatively small space including a compact aming area that still produces enough noise to be intrusive.2) The hotel restaurant is an open area located just off the lobby. I avoided it simply because the noise from the small casino disrupted whatever ambience the restaurant was trying to establish.Because of my short stay, I didn't get a chance to try to fitness facility or pool.	
Mar 29 2008 	Westin needs work...not a 4 star hotel	I wouldn't recommend staying at the Westin Hotel in Vegas for several reasons...1. Heated Pool...not really heated. Spa and Pool are seasonal and both were shut down for mechanical reasons...? 2. Casino...not much to look at compared to other 4 star hotels in the area...not terrible, but could be better.3. No hot water...yes that's right we couldn't shower before our dinner and show one day because the hotel didn't have hot water.4. Toilet and shower were both not working properly...shower wouldn't drain, and toilet was clogged.5. Resort charge...? What for? $10 per day that you stay there even if you can't utilize the pool or have a hot shower come on!!6. Homeless people congregate outside the hotel. Everyday we were bombarded by beggars and drunk beligerant people outside of our hotel. It became such an issue for us, that we would cut through another hotel/casino to get into our hotel. The manager told us that they DO call the police, but the sidewalk is public property. I disagreed that &quot;nothing could be done&quot; because at other close hotel properties these people do not attempt to loiter around the entrances etc.7. Having stayed at other Westin hotels I would say this one is by far the worst one I have stayed at. We would definitely not stay there again when we return to Vegas.	
Mar 25 2008 	Good hotel and service	We've had no problems at this hotel. Check-in was quick and smooth, room a bit on a small side but acceptable and clean. Heavenly beds may seem heavenly only to those who don't own a memory foam matress or a topper at home. Small pool with jacuzzi was never crowded and provided a fine relaxation at the end of each busy day. The restaurant is the only place we disliked. It's too expensive for what you get there, our steaks were burnt, their service was very slow and careless (they forgot part of our order).But there's a deli and a sandwich place right outside the hotel, lots of eating places are right across the street at Bally's, etc.Location is great - quiet, but also within a few short minutes of easy walking to Bally's, Flamingo, Monorail and the Strip. It's a good choice, especially if you can get your low offer accepted through Priceline, like we did.	
Mar 25 2008 	It was great	Got it through priceline. Was hesitant due to some of the reviews here. The stay was great! Non-smoking throughout the hotel; much easier on your lung. It is close to the strip. Walkable (5 minutes) and feels safe. Convenient location. Room was clean and has a huge table/desk to work on with your computer (you have to pay for internet). T.V. and channels are adequate. I love the chair/sofa in the room. The hotel/casino are small so you don't have to walk far from the parking lot. Easy access.I stayed on 9th floor.If you are starwood member, there is happy hour in late afternoon with free drinks and snacks. Nice addition.The only bad things are two folds. One is that the &quot;heavenly bed&quot; is not as heavenly as per other Westin. But it was still very very nice for me. They also tried to charge me $11 per night for &quot;service fees and tax even though I booked it through priceline. I just told the lady upon check out and she took the charges off right away. My suggest is to call them ahead of time, make sure that they don't charge you on top of your priceline payment and take down their names just in case.Otherwise, loved my stay there.	
Mar 24 2008 	This Is A Westin??	Stayed three nights. Check in was a nightmare. Computers were down. Were told to wait ten minutes....then fifteen minutes more. We waited in the lobby area. Saw front desk staff just wondering around, chatting, laughing, having a good old time. One hour later, saw people lining up at the front desk. I went up to see what was going on. People were checking in!! All the people that had casually just walked in were ahead of all the people that had waiting for over an hour! No staff member came to collect the group that had been waiting so long and bring us to the front of the line. It took over 20 minutes to deal with all the people. Room 1618 was like a sauna (over 80 degrees). Safe and clock didn't work either. We had to shake the bedside lamp in order to turn it on. We called to have the air conditioning fixed. Engineer was off sick so a plumber was sent up. He couldn't fix it so he called to request a room change for us. We waited ten minutes for a phone call. No one called us back. I called the operator and she said the person handling our concerns told her it was room 1718 not 1618 and she had gone home!!! After a long time, bellman came up and took us to room 1463. This was no longer on the platinum level (which is where we should have been). Room felt warm but not hot. No keys were given to me. We were told to go down to the front desk and get them? I said no, someone can bring them to me. Finally got our keys and barely made our dinner reservation. We were now three hours into our ordeal. Came back after dinner and room was still uncomfortably warm even though we had adjusted the a/c temp. Called front desk to get the engineer. We were told he was very busy....hmmm. Wonder why? Learned from him that there had been a water pipe leak that morning and a lot of room's air conditioning had been affected. So staff were well aware of the air conditioning problems. We believe that we were all put in the rooms in the hopes no one would complain. By 9:00 p.m., it was fixed. Start to finish - 7 hours of utter chaos. This is supposed to be a non-smoking hotel, and we specifically wanted that. Yet we saw people smoking pretty much everywhere. Although the location of this hotel is quite close to the strip, it is a dingy, icky area surrounded by what looks like construction dumping grounds, chain link fences with grafitti and a frequent hangout for drunks and bums.The Suede restaurant is overpriced and not impressive. Breakfast buffet scrambled eggs were luke warm. Service was slow and unattentive. If you hate the smell of smoke when you dine, this is not the place to eat. It is adjacent and open to the casino.Fitness room is small, cramped and offered the very basic in workout equipment. Certainly not state of the art.Two out of three nights we got chocolates and the last night, I all of a sudden became queen and a pair of slippers per delicately placed beside my bed!Positives? A couple...Beds are usually very comfortable and in this case, that held true. Complimentary bottles of water were replenished. Ample supplies of shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and lotion were provided, although I found the lotion to be watered down.Not what we expected from a Westin and we know Westins! Wouldn't stay there again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Ok......Overpriced	Stayed four nights at the hotel. Did enjoy the slower pace of the hotel. The rooms are very small. Beds are nice, but everything is very average. Very noisy....you can hear hall noise and conversations in adjoining rooms. Only one restaurant and it is very expensive. My husband was allergic to the scent piped through the building. And..keep things locked up. A bracelet was stolen in my room. Again, it was Ok and would have been fine if we had paid half of what we did. $200 per night! We had very little contact with staff, but they were pleasant. Would not stay there again.	
Mar 21 2008 	Not a real Westin	First off, we booked our Saturday night stay on priceline for $85. We weren't sure what to expect after reading the TA reviews. It was billed as a Westin, so we thought it should be fairly nice/clean etc.. We heard a rumor that the Tropicana company owns and operates the hotel under the Westin logo. [and the Tropicana isn't known for it's luxury and fine dining]. Upon checkin (after 4pm) we were told that the only room available for US (i think she meant (but didn't say) priceline bookers) was the 4th floor; aka the doggy floor. We don't have any pets and we don't really like sleeping on old funky pet hair...so we asked for another alternative. The checkin gal essentially told us to take it or leave it. If we wanted another room it wouldn't be available until a &quot;much later time.&quot; So we took the room and it ended up being ok except for a few mystery stains and highly worn furniture, which is uncharateristic of the Westin brand. My wife used the gym and was satisfied...which was covered in the $10 resort fee. Also covered in the fee was in-room coffee and 2 water bottles.Overall, for a Saturday night stay we got our monies worth. I wouldn't pay any more for this hotel. We didn't gamble or eat there...We enjoyed gambling and eating at the Tuscany down the street.	
Mar 21 2008 	The Westin......Quiet Oasis during the madness	My Mom and I just arrived home at 5:30 this morning. We were in Vegas to clelebrate her 70th birthday. We arrived late on a Friday night and there was no line to check in. When we arrived, my husband surprised us with a gift certificate to the Spa. It was my 20th anniversaray while we were in Vegas. We booked two massages on my Mom's birthday and we enjoyed the whole spa experience very much.Our room was great, the beds indeed heavenly and the complimentary coffee and water bottles were very much appreciated.The walk to the Strip seemed daunting at first, our safety was my concern. It was no problem, there are people around all the time. We did walk to Ellis Island during the days for meals, but were advised by a staff member not to go past Koval after dark.The pool area was small but very clean and relaxing. The casino was also small but we enjoyed ending our evenings with a night cap and a few spins on the nickle video poker machines. They didn't offer many pay outs, but neither did they on the Strip.The Strip was busier than I have ever seen it....far too busy for my liking, making the Westin even more inviting after long days of fighting crowds. We did have a couple of issues. Tey didn't have a record of me booking six nights with my Starwood points. This issue was resloved by the front desk manager but not without a couple of hours of anxiety for me. They also had air conditioning issues in all the rooms that ended with 20, including ours. The solution was to send up a fan. Bottom line, yes there were a couple of issues, but the staff handled them very professionally.The elevators which have been a problem in the past, worked perfectly.To sum up, if it is your first Vegas trip, by all means, stay on the Strip. In fact I think you should, but if you want a comfortable, smaller hotel well within walking distance to the Strip, look no further than the Westin.	
Mar 19 2008 	lovin' it.	I can say nothing negative about the place. What I can say is that it is not for the partying type. The Casuarina has a nice, family vibe with limited gambling and a moderate pool area. If you are looking for the Spring Break experience, this place is not for you. However, if you and the wife and/or family want a nice, luxurious getaway, well I would recommend the Casurina to you. I have read some of the negative reviews and I am trying to figure out where these people stayed. i will back at the Casuarina 3/27 for three days. I have not had a bad experience yet and I do not anticipate one. It is conveniently located and free of the typical casino atmosphere. Personally, I like it that way. Parking is great and the bed is heavenly. The comforter is goose down and so are the pillows. For those that said this was a bad experience, I do not think it gets any better for the money.	
Mar 11 2008 	Loved it!	I tried to make a reservation here for my trip to Las Vegas, but wasn't willing to pay $225/night. After staying one night (for $135) at the nearby Super 8 on Koval Lane on an extremely hard bed, I decided to try to get a room at the Westin. I only needed one room/one bed/one night. They had them available for $139. I immediately checked out of the Super 8 on Sunday morning and into the Westin. Great staff, very accomodating - I was able to check in at 11am and got a late checkout the next day at 3pm. The room was so comfortable and nice.	
Mar 10 2008 	Can there be a 3 star Westin ? YES	We stayed 3 nights at this hotel, we selected this hotel because we did not want to stay in a huge casino hotel and yet be walking distance to the Strip, and the Westin standard.The first two criteria were met, but surely this is not a Westin. It is like a worn, characterless, middle rank 3 star hotel. The foyer, the public areas, the room are all in badly need of refurbishing. Windows have not been cleaned on the outside for ages. The walk to the Strip is almost deserted at night (9-10pm), perhaps not recommended if you are a single female.We booked the hotel a few weeks ahead, but close to arrival, a quick check on the internet showed that the rate dropped by about $40 per night. Maybe this is typical of Las Vegas, so make sure you do the same, note however they have a 48 hour cancellation policy, not the typical 6pm on the day of arrival.	
Mar 7 2008 	Needs work	I stayed at The Westin for four nights in March while attending a convention at Mandalay Bay.First, when I made my reservation months ago, the front desk told me it was a $5 cab ride there. It was $15 each way and shame on me for not calling a cab company to find out.They took an old hotel that was vacant for a long time and attempted to renovate it. Maybe it's me, but the hotel lobby smells of massage oil, the greasy kind. It just had a weird smell to it. The bathrooms were tiny and definitely not &quot;Heavenly&quot; as they represent. As a previous poster stated, I had issues with the temperature control as well. And finally, the carpets in the room were stained.Minor thing, I did walk in the spa one day before heading to the convention and asked the girl at the front desk if they had after shave lotion because I forgot mine and she said &quot;no&quot;. I asked her if I could double check in there because most men's changing rooms have it. She said I could go check. Of course, it was there. She didn't ask if it was in there.The work out room was nice and well equipped. The bed was comfortable. All the staff we encountered were pleasant and the elevators worked fine. However, I won't be staying here again.As stated before, they took an old hotel and made an attempt to renovate it, but in my opinion not renovated enough.	
Feb 26 2008	Okay But Overpriced	I was very afraid of staying here once I read the spotty reviews. I had won two nights in a raffle and then paid for a 3rd. Honestly we had no real problems, our contact with the staff was minimal, we didn't hit the pool, or the restaurant, or bar, but my husband did enjoy the workout room at least. The only real issue was it took me a week to book the room because the executive assistant was a total ditz and I had to follow up with her several times to make sure she did her job (and of course each time she had not). Maybe because I expected the worst, I'm not as upset about our stay.I think maybe our experience was better because we were on a preferred floor, I'm sure staying on a pet floor isn't fun if you don't have pets. The room wasn't too small, bed was good, and the bathroom a good size despite lack of outlets to plug anything in. The view of the parking lot was kind of lame, but I knew that would probably happen. That hardcore cleaner smell was there at first but it faded quickly. I was only irritated by two things: loud chatty housekeeping who start at 8am and won't stop talking! Also those taxes and fees that everyone has been talking about. I was charged all of that stuff on comped nights too. I was prepared for it, but it still is lame they can't just include it in the room rate as to not [-] off customers as they check out. Overall I think the rooms are way overpriced for what you get. I've stayed at motels that were just as nice (minus the good minimal decor) for less than half of the rate. If you are going to pay $200 a night essentially, just go over to a funner hotel with a real casino and bar.	
Feb 25 2008 	Solid stay at the Westin	We stayed here from Feb 22-24 2008 and had a very good stay overall. 1st, the elevator issue must have been fixed because there are 6 elevators and they were all working fine. We stayed on the top (17th) floor and didn't have a problem at all going up and down.Second, although the property is hardly new, it is well maintained and I didn't find any major issues with wear or staining of the carpets, furniture or bed. We saw a few dogs but I never found it to be a problem, no fur, stains or smells as far as I could tell.The one concern from the reviews that turned out to be true is that the cooling was very poor. The weather was not exactly scorching, partly cloudy and in the 60s, but the room warmed up during the day (even though we kept the drapes closed) and the anemic air conditioning never got the room below 73 deg in the morning, or 77 in the day. It was never that uncomfortable, but what if it was hotter outside or sunnier? I don't know if that's a problem on the top floor only, since heat rises, but still.I found the location to be fine. It's only a 10 min walk to the strip, and there are pedestrian bridges that allow you to walk right into the shops at the Bellagio. It was about $7-10 to take a cab to other hotels. As a bonus, it was much quieter than at the larger resorts. I've found the drunken return of guests to their rooms until 3am or so to be disruptive to my sleep in the past, but this hotel was much better. Also, although the pool is nothing special, and not especially warm, we didn't have to battle it out with the drunken hordes like our last stay at Mandalay, when by 2pm folks were so trashed they were having a beer can fight across the lazy river. And the hot tub was actually hot with good jets. So for a someone with a 5 y/o I found it to be more family friendly. There was also no charge for the rollaway bed for my daughter to sleep on, or for the fridge where I kept her milk for her cereal, and her ice cream. There was a $12 charge for wireless internet.Overall I thought the service was very good. Room service arrived quickly, about 10-15 min. Folks were well trained and polite. I did ask for a remote (there was only one for the 2 TVs) but it never showed. That was my only complaint. Maid service was excellent.We stayed in a 1BR suite, which was roomy and had good quality furntiure. Decorating was on the spare side but tasteful. It cose $375 a night, a good deal for a suite on the weekend. I would recommend this for a family that doesn't want a frat house atmosphere, instead it's more of a quiet retreat.	
Feb 7 2008 	A Stay with Ups and Downs	I completed a 6 night stay at the Westin Casuarina Hotel in Las Vegas. While there were many features that were attractive to me during the stay, I must say my overall Westin experience was disappointing for 3 main factors: 1. 17 floors and only 2 (sometimes 1) working elevator. The hotel was sold out, so the lines and wait for a elevator were definately unreasonable. 2. Hotel had problems keeping my room (Room 1532) cool. The unit in my room would shut down and the temo in my room would exceeded 80 degrees from time to time, especially in the middle of the night. 3. $12.99 per day for internet use in 2007 is unheard of. Even Motel 6 has free wireless. I am a business traveler, and I pay for my own expenses. I have never stayed at a Westin property and payed for internet access. I could not afford to shell out over $80 for the week to check my email and download my orders. This charge was absurd. This experience has really made me rethink using Starwood properties for my future travel plans.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great Place to Stay I will be staying here again!	I come to Vegas on business regularly and I have stayed at a number of Hotels in Vegas including Mirage, Mandalay Bay, The Palms, and Green Valley Ranch to name a few. For business travel this is a great hotel, I would not stay here for a big party weekend if you are going to hang out by the pool all day. The resturaunt is great for breakfast or they have a Starbucks in the hotel too! I have always been impressed with the staff. When you check in they are very nice and they actually come out from behind the desk after you check in to hand you your keys and review your room location (Nice touch). I have used their meeting rooms and they are well appointed and the food was very good. It has a small casino which is nice for scratching the gambling itch if you desire. Our cocktail waitress Perry was handing out Lucky Shots to the gamblers (no charge). But it is limited in the type of games available to play. I like that I can park my car close to the hotel and not walk across a massive parking lot or casino floor to get to my room. I have stayed here for the last 2 years for a total of 6 different visits. Every time has been great.	
Feb 4 2008 	Never again in Westin Casuarina hotel 	We booked one room at the Westin for two nights. It is a pet friendly hotel a we love to travel with our dog.At the time of our check in , we had to wait 45 minutes in the lobby ,because we were told that none of the rooms on &quot;the pet floor&quot; were ready. Check in is at 4pm. We asked for the pet bed, ( soft oval lounger, the dog likes it and we are glad that we don't have to carry our own from home) we were told it will be in our room when we get there.When we arrived in to our room we didn't find what we asked for.... on the other hand we found a strong odor, (don't know what it was) wet carpet, trash on one of the night stands.(not even speaking of the ridiculous amount of dust that never gets cleaned in the opening next to the wall of the night stand) We called the front desk and they offered to move us to another room ....and so we did. I again asked for the pet bed and was told that they will bring it to us right away. Our second room .....wow I can't even tell you, because I don't want to go through all of that again! But only two things I have to write here.... They must be using some strong chemicals ,because we both had a hard time breathing. Two hours later we still didn't get the bed for our dog so I called and asked about it... was told that the rules of the hotel changed and that there is a $250 deposit now. It is to addition to the actual pet deposit which we already paid. No one told us that when we made the reservation or at the check in. There is no air vent in the bathroom.We have received bad customer service from Mia who was the manager on duty that evening. She truly could not care less. The pet area- needs serious attention!Also visited the spa - staff was very nice. We will never stay at this Westin location again.	
Feb 1 2008 	Great Service	Stayed at the Westin from 01/27 - 01/30 - This was our first time to Vegas-Flying into the airport on a Sunday night- there were 2 other flights at the same baggage claim carousel, made jumping for bags fun.... Taxi line-be prepared to just wait...Loved the strip near the Bellagio and Venetian.We did not rent a car, we walked and rode the Duece during the day and took a taxi at night and didn’t have any problems getting around.WESTINPositives--Room clean-Bed comfortable-Service- any request was followed up with a phone call making sure we received what we wanted.-1cent slots in casino - But they are changeless, requires you to put a dollar bill in....-Starbucks coffee in the lobby and starbucks coffee &amp; tea in the room-good breakfast buffet - but pricey-We called about getting more free bottled water in the room and the bellman was there in under 3minutes with the waterCons--Bathroom and Hallways showing age-It is a 10min walk to the strip (but you need the exercise after eating in vegas)-View from our room was of Bally's employee parking lot and an empty lot next door that had building supplies in it-No free shuttle-breakfast buffet $18/person plus coffee/tea/soda 4-5$-No HBO or free movie channelsBring walking shoes or money for taxi's	
Jan 21 2008	Pleasant surprise	My wife and I made a last-minute decision to visit Las Vegas this weekend (1/19-1/21). I was unimpressed with the deals available via various travel websites, so I headed over to Priceline and was surprised when the winner was the Westin Casuarina (at $90/night for Sat/Sun nights) rather than Planet Hollywood, which is the normal Priceline 4* on the south strip. After reading the reviews here, I was a bit worried that I'd made a mistake, but after two nights here I can say we are very satisfied.As most other reviewers have noted, the Westin Casuarina is about a 5-7 minute walk from the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd. This has both advantages (quieter, easier to drive in/out) and disadvantages (farther from the action). Since we drove to Vegas and brought two kids, the tradeoff was a good one for us.The lobby and registration area are typical high-quality Westin. The casino is miniscule by Vegas standards, which was fine by me since this was a trip w/ kids, not a free-wheeling adult weekend. Besides, I've never felt any great loyalty to gamble in the hotel where I stay -- it's more convenient, and helps you earn loyalty points, but I prefer to bounce around and visit the different casinos for variety.The room was a typical 4-star business room. We got two queens, which had very comfortable, high-quality bedding. I have back issues, but had no problems on their very comfortable (soft, but firm - if that makes sense) mattresses. The room had a desk, two comfortable chairs, and a large non-LCD/plasma TV on the dresser. The bathroom was quite nice with high quality soap/shampoo. In general, the fixtures and furniture show some signs of age, but were fine, especially at Priceline prices. The walls seem to be well insulated, as we never heard a peep from people on either side. I hope the same can be said for our neighbors when our kids woke up at 6:30am Sunday morning!The only downsides were that the internet was not complimentary ($12.99/night), the pool was closed for maintenance, and there was a $10 resort fee that provided no value to us (but might to others: two free bottles of water, access to the gym/spa/sauna, free phone calls, free incoming faxes, and access to the (non-working) pool).Overall, we were very satisfied with the Westin. It's a solid 4-star business class hotel right off the strip. If you want to be in the midsts of the action, you'll want to go somewhere else, but if you want something quite nice and a lot quieter that's still very close to the strip, the Westin Casuarina is a good choice.	
Jan 20 2008 	Awesome Experience!!	I can't explain why the other reviewers had bad experiences. Perhaps their advice was taken and improvements were made. I recently stayed at this hotel and can't wait to return. I travel frequently and have stayed at some of the finest hotels in North America (Four Seasons, Ritz etc.) so it is not that I have never experienced high style accommodations. My expectations were based on previous experiences at other Starwood properties and I felt that this hotel exceeded those expectations. All interactions with staff were friendly, polite and courteous. The in-room dining experience was delectable; the menu items were extensive. Request a pool-view room as the Flamingo Ave. view is basically a view of the Bally's parking lot. It is for this reason I did not rate this an Excellent. Also, the location is the perfect compromise between near enough to the strip to participate in that experience yet far enough to be more quiet when it was time to wind down for the evening. Also, the Hibiscus Spa is not to be missed; a bit pricey but remember this is Vegas. Last but not least...a completely smoke free casino open 24 hours. Wahoo!	
Jan 14 2008 	getting worse not better over time	I'm appalled that the Westin Casurina Las Vegas is now charging a $10/day &quot;resort fee&quot;. There was no notice at check-in, nothing in the key packet explaining the benefits nor anything on the spg.com website. Going back, I do see a small line item in the taxes on the reservation, but this is sneaky and gives Starwood a bad name. But even more pathetic is that this hotel, which is surrounded by power lines and parking lots dares to call itself a &quot;resort&quot;. They say it's to cover bottled water, valet parking, pool use, gym, etc. But water is given to SPG members in the past, parking had always been complementary and so is use of the small, concrete lined pool. If there was real value to the &quot;resort fee&quot; and better disclosure I would not be so upset, but this is a bad move all around for Starwood and the management of the Westin Casurina. Shame on them!	
Jan 9 2008 	Not my favorite for sure!	We decided in October that we wanted to spend New Years in Vegas. The hotel prices for this time of year tend to be pretty intense. I went on Priceline and selected a 4 star, and got the Westin for $185, which compared to other 4 stars in Vegas we saved a great deal. When we 1st arrived there was a couple in front of us checking in with a golden retriever. I though, oh, that must be a seeing eye dog...Then we are getting on the elevator to go up to our room and a couple walks out with their 2 dogs...As it turns out, the Westin is a dog friendly hotel! I am sorry, but I'm on vacation and don't want a dog staying in my hotel.We checked into a room on the 9th floor...and what do u know it smelled really awful...like a dog!! So I asked the receptionist what the deal was and she told me animals are only allowed on the 1st two floors (which is a lie bc I saw dogs on the 9th floor). She promptly gave us a room on the 14th floor (the starwood preferred guest floor) and honestly it didn't smell much better but after the 5 1/2 hour flight I gave up.The room was small and the heavenly bed was more like polyester heaven. My brother and his gf las minute decided to meet us and with 4 adults in the room it was a bit crammed. Nice view of the strip at night (Westin, Venetian) but during the day it overlooked some kind of a lumber yard. In proximity to the strip it was pretty good...close to bally's/paris/bellagio/cesars. This was nice on NYE after the fireworks (no cabs on NYE) we were able to walk back to the hotel. I went to the spa to get a manicure and it was $60!!!!!!! This is outrageous as I only pay $15 for an amazing manicure in BOCA RATON!!! Total rip off, although they were very nice and attentive just WAY OVERPRICED!I would say it is DEF. worth the money to stay at one of the nicer hotels with a good rep. on the strip. I am sad, bc this was my 1st stay at a Westin and they have a good rep. but it was not so great.	
Jan 7 2008 	absolutely horrible experience at this hotel	I don't usually write reviews like this, but we had to share our HORRIBLE experience so that others might stay away from this hotel. 9 out of 10 hotel employees were rude and/or unprofessional in our interactions. There are a long list of our complaints: hidden $12/day fee even when booking thru Priceline; wireless internet is an extra $13/day; no movie channels unless you pay extra; carpets dirty &amp; stained; rooms are tiny and need to be updated; &quot;casino&quot; is a joke and even with a lot of people -- they did not open up all tables; valet won't park your car unless you leave it in uncovered parking; long response time by front desk on any number of issues we raised (needed bathrobe, new batteries for smoke alarm, coffee, etc.); food came out lukewarm and service at bar was slow &amp; unprofessional... We could go on and on but won't... when we came home and discovered we were overcharged, it took me almost a week to try and get a credit, but had to dispute with my bank. Still ongoing. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.	
Jan 4 2008 	hidden charges and fees far from main strip	I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. It is 2-3 star quality, not the 4 star rating it currently has. It is 10-15 walk from the strip although it is classified as &quot;on strip&quot;. They charged me $15 taxes and other fees per night at checkout! although the entire trip was prepaid through priceline.com. I have stayed at numerous hotels booked through priceline.com including other Westin resorts without this ridiculous fee. It's casino area is so small that you will be disappointed. It doesn't even qualify as a casino. Waste of money, save it for one of the other themed hotels on Las Vegas Blvd.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Surprise	My boyfriend won us a three-night stay at this Westin (formerly the Maxim property) in Las Vegas. This was my first time in Vegas, but not my first time at a Westin...I had heard not to expect much from the hotels in Vegas, but this one exceeded our expectations. The Westin Casuarina is in an ugly setting, and it doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't let that fool you - give it a try! It is a medium-priced hotel in Vegas with a surprisingly fine interior. Our arrival was very early, so we left our baggage and took off to the Strip, and when we returned ready to relax a bit, our room was still not ready (it was still only 1:00!), which was to be expected. I happen to be a Starwood Preferred Guest member, however, and upon letting the desk rep know this, he bumped us up to a Deluxe room and was able to get us in one very promptly. The room was so comfortable with the signature &quot;Heavenly Bed &amp; Bath&quot; products - indeed the bed was the best part of my week-end. This is an entirely non-smoking property, which is very nice. The small &quot;casino&quot; in the lobby of the hotel was not a nuisance at all, and the restaurants - both the pub and the finer restaurant from which our room-service meal came - were excellent. The prices were no more extravagant than anywhere in Vegas... The housekeeping staff seemed to be always around and eager to please. We were referred to by name as often as possible, and enjoyed going through the lobby and being smiled at and spoken nicely to. My only criticism would be that the common hallways (at least on the 16th floor where we stayed) are always freezing! If I stay again, I will probably ask management to think about regulating the temperature a little more pleasantly in the halls. So give the Westin a try - you'll like it! And as I always say - Don't forget to tip your housekeeping staff!	
Dec 13 2007 	Great Place and Price Right Off The Strip	Just stayed at the Westin Casuarina Hotel and Spa in Las Vegas and was very impressed! Like most people who go to Vegas, originally I wanted one of those luxury hotels right on the center of the strip, but was led to the Westin as an alternative in price. It is on Flamingo Blvd. right behind the Flamingo Hotel and practically across the street from Bally's. I know some people have mentioned that it doesn't live up to the typical Westin standards, but I disagree. While the carpet is a little worn and could be replaced, I found the overall atmosphere of the hotel, including the lobby, bar area, and casino modern with an art deco feeling. The rooms are clean and a good size, including a double shower. And those Heavenly Beds! Nice! The elevators worked fine too. The only thing that was odd was that the hallways where the rooms are were freezing. Otherwise, the room was comfortably heated, and it was cold the weekend we were there. If you're a big gambler, you might not be impressed with the casino because it's pretty small, but the bar is cozy, and there's a Starbucks on sight. Doesn't get better than that. Also, take advantage of the Starwood membership. You can sign up right there at the front desk, and you get special privileges and most importantly get to go to their free happy hour with appetizers, wine, and beer from 5:30-7:30. The staff is amazingly friendly. We had a slight glitch with show tickets that we purchased from the concierge (there was no show for the time we purchased,) but the concierge, Candace, was apologetic and promptly handled the refund. I would absolutely stay there again and recommend it to anyone!	
Dec 12 2007 	Las Vegas Westin-a great stay!	We just came back from Las Vegas after staying at the Westin for two nights. Contrary to what we had read about past stays, the hotel was just great. The location is an easy five minute walk to the strip, across the street from Bally's. The rooms were clean, the bed was magnificent and the showers were fantastic. We would defintely stay here again since the room was such a good value for the money.(FYI-there were no problems with the elevators or the hot water.)One thing to keep in mind however-there is no airport shuttle. The airport was a $12.00 cab ride away. All in all a great hotel experience!	
Dec 9 2007 	Perfectly adequate "Off strip" location	Contrary to some other reviews I liked the &quot;off strip&quot; location which made for an ever so good nights sleep. It was just an 8 min walk to Bellagio and Caesars although not on the most pleasant of streets but it was possible to cut through Ballys and dodge part of the street walk. View from my high floor north facing room was a mixture of building sites and a view of Wynn's. Room was typical average size old style Westin complete with trademark heavenly beds and linen. Bathroom was small but newly fitted out with very nice fittings. The 24hr casino was much smaller and quieter than many on the strip and an ideal place for rookies and non hardcore gamblers. My platinum membership did not yield any perks such as free wi-fi or room upgrade, although the high floor was welcome, and there was no real club lounge offerings to speak off. Wired internet in the room was $13. Plentiful complentary car parking. Buffet breakfast in restaurant was ok and par the course. Very pleasant Starbucks coffee shop within the hotel. Taxi to airport $13 and took just 10 minutes as hotel is on the airport side of the strip. I called the hotel to enquire about car rental and other things and was put on hold for 10 minutes so eventually hung up but the deal is Enterprise have a car hire desk within the hotel. Not knowing this I made a bad choice booking online with Budget at MGM as I discovered on the day this location had shut down some time ago so wasted a lot of time and spent much more on taxis getting there than the actual car hire.	
Dec 5 2007 	Very nice and super convenient!	We stayed here for two nights recently and had a very good experience. The room was lovely and the hotel delivered a refrigerator to our room at no extra charge. Heavenly beds of course and a great shower! The hotel is just a five minute walk from the Vegas Strip and brings you out right next to Bally's, Paris and Harrah's which I guess would be mid strip. Very convenient indeed. We used our Starwood points to stay here and even though it was a lot of points per night, it was worth it just to be so close to everything. Our room had a view of the strip and at night it was breathtaking. We also used the Spa here and I had a good massage treatment. They hotel offers free drinks and munchies in the evenings from 5:30 p.m. - 7 p.m for Starwood Preferred Guest members. It was quite packed and while it's a nice offer, they could use moving it to a larger room as only about half of us that attended had anywhere to sit. Still the wine was good quality and it was a nice thought. The only negative was getting through to the Concierge Desk which took forever, both over the phone and in person - these staff members are constantly busy. They could use adding an extra person on the Concierge Desk. There is free parking. Gas station and 7-11 store right next door which was very convenient also. Recommend it!	
Nov 29 2007 	Nice hotel reasonaby priced	Me and my husband stayed at Westin Las Vegas hotel for 3 nights. Nice service, great location, would recommend to my friends.	
Nov 29 2007	Decent hotel with service issues	A couple of friends of mine and I recently spent Thanksgiving weekend in Las Vegas in order to see the Las Vegas Invitational basketball tournament (and to see my alma mater, North Carolina, in particular!). We chose the Westin because we are all Starwood members, and because one of my friends had previously stayed there and liked it. I was quite displeased with this stay, however.I should first note that I was upgraded to a deluxe room on the 15th floor, though having visited my friends' non-upgraded rooms, I couldn't tell what the difference might be. Still, the room was fine for $178 per night.My first problem was receiving an 8 am wake-up call on my first morning--despite never having ordered one! I called to complain and received an apology, but being a Starwood Planner, in addition, I asked if a manager could call me back. No one ever called back.My second problem involved housekeeping. On leaving my room at 10 am for breakfast, I called housekeeping and asked if my room could be cleaned within the next hour; they confirmed it would be. I also spoke to a housekeeper in the hall as I left the room, and was similarly told my room would be cleaned within the hour. On returning to my room after breakfast about 75 minutes later, I was disappointed to discover that my room had been cleaned. I called and asked to speak to a housekeeping supervisor or manager, and was told one would return my call. I never received any call or any message. That's twice now that no one called me back.My third problem involved (as it so often does) air conditioning. I definitely like my room cold, and always ensure that my room can be cooled to 65 F before I make a booking and before they assign me a room. For some reason, my room became uncomfortably warm all of a sudden after returning from breakfast, so I called to complain (I spoke with a Donnell) and ask if an engineer could come up and try to fix the problem. After 2 hours with no return call or any engineer, I finally decided to call a true manager.I spoke with the front desk manager, Michael Tegano, who seemed to appreciate that service was not being delivered. He promised to make sure my air conditioning was fixed, to make sure my room was cleaned, to make sure no more wake up calls were made, and to provide some sort of message later with an indication of compensation for my time and trouble and the lack of service I experienced. Before I had even left the room, a housekeeper actually ignored the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on my door and walked in on me while I was dressing. Needless to say, I was quite irritated. I called Mr. Tegano and asked that he not bother me in my room again until after I departed for the basketball tournament at 5 pm.On returning to my room later that night, there was no message from Mr. Tegano nor any indication that the air conditioning was fixed (or even checked). Fortunately, the room had been cleaned, at least.I called and asked for Mr. Tegano, but discovered he had left sick. I spoke with another front desk manager, Fotis Tsagnis, who apologized but thought I was being unreasonable in asking for what my compensation would be. I pointed out that this was a comedy of errors at the hotel in terms of service, and Mr. Tsagnis seemed less interested in understanding that I had been receiving poor service and more interested in ignoring the problem.On check-out, despite Mr. Tegano having told me there would be no adjustments, I did receive about a $150 credit on my bill. Although I felt the credit did alleviate the hotel's service blunders, I am more concerned by the managers' lack of follow-through and relative ignorance about the severity of that as a problem. That should give anyone pause before deciding to stay at the Westin. For that rate, there are certainly just as nice accommodations and better service in Las Vegas!	
Nov 20 2007 	Great Hotel great Value!!	We just returned from 3 nights at Westin Casuarina. We don't have one complaint. The staff were friendly and accomodating. The rooms were clean and the beds incredibly comfortable. The pool was nicer and bigger than the website photos indicated. They had a &quot;Relax &amp; Unwind&quot; complimentary drinks and snacks every evening from 5:30-7:30pm in a small room next to the restaurant. This is the best place to stay to get away from all the &quot;cheezy&quot; hotels in Vegas. The location is excellent as well. It's about a 4 min. walk to the strip. We would definately stay here again.	
Nov 17 2007	great spot	Great little hotel very close to strip and monorail.Lovely to stay somewhere where it doesn't take 15 mins schlepping through slot machines and smoke to get to the elevators, then another mile to the room.Staff friendly and helpful and really liked the intimate nature of the property. Spa very nice, gym good, food great, value excellent.	
Nov 13 2007 	Think twice before staying here	Stayed here during a large convention as it was a host hotel. Checked in at 10:15pm with a confirmed reservation for a king bed. Room was a double. Asked for a high floor. Room was on the sixth floor (see picture) Called the front desk and was told sorry a king was only a REQUEST and we try to honor but do not have any other rooms. Mine was not a REQUEST but was reserved as a KING. The guy said everybody else checking in the rest of the night would have the same fate. I am a Starwood member but the travel planner never asked me to provide that number so I gave it to the guy when checking in. He said that I needed to have it as part of my reservation at the time of booking for any special treatment. Screwed again. The room had a musty smell, terrible view (got to listen to the hum of the roof top ac units all night) and was in need of serious TLC (see pictures). I am a Marriott Platinum member but I had no choice for this trip...but you do.	
Nov 4 2007 	Was a great experience!	Had a great time! staff friendly..clean rooms! not far from the strip about 5 min walk to the main strip! i would recommend this place for the price! Rooms were cleaned. stay for 4 days..three nights.	
Oct 30 2007 	Smoke Free Oasis	We had great connecting rooms as a Starwood member. The rooms weren't detail perfect... but the rooms were very clean, the amenities (including an IPOD dock) were lovely, and the beds were fabulous. It is a short walk to the strip... but the quiet and sophistication made it well worth it. This is the only place I would stay in Las Vegas again. If you want an intense carnival-like atmosphere, or a disney-like themed environment, go elsewhere. Frankly, I needed a break from the smoke, the noise, and the crowds.	
Oct 29 2007 	Average Off the Strip Location	Stayed here because of business seminar in this hotel. The location is quite ideal to walk to the Strip, only a long block away. With less crowded conditions, we were always able to get a cab when needed, get on an elevator, stop in an uncrowded lounge for a drink, or gamble in a small but adequate casino. The rooms are average, but the &quot;heavenly beds&quot; are wonderful. The bathroom lighting is VERY poor, so the lighted makeup light was helpful. Full vanity for cosmetics/shaving. Room is a bit &quot;tired&quot; but if you don't spend a lot of time in the room, it's fine. A very nice bartender &quot;Adrianna&quot; even went past the line of duty to get us some dessert from a closed restaurant to go with our coffee one late night. All the staff was very friendly and helpful...no complaints with anyone. The area around the hotel is a bit seedy, but we never felt afraid walking. We liked the quiet atmosphere versus the circus on the Strip. So if you like quiet once you have gone to your room, this is the place. No wild parties or noise in the hallways. And they give you FREE (2) bottles of water each day which was very nice. Also a coffeemaker in the room with Starbucks. We would stay here again just to avoid the masses.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great place to stay	This is a great place to stay. The hotel itself is not so big that you have to deal with all the craziness of the lobby, as with some larger hotels in Vegas, but there's still gambling and a nice bar. The location is IDEAL; it's only about 1/2 block walking distance to Cesar's Palace, the Bellagio (watershow, buffet), the monorail, Bally's, and the strip. The beds are out of this world - we had a California King; I don't know if all the rooms have this size of bed or not. They have a pretty good breakfast buffet (although nothing can compare to the Bellagio's). We had a nice his and hers massage in the spa (Note: if you have any services done in the salon or spa a gratuity of 20% is already included/added in). They are pet friendly. Overall the staff was very friendly and accomodating. One of the nicest hotels we've stayed at in a long time. We will definitely stay at the Westin the next time we're in Vegas, and would recommend it.	
Oct 22 2007 	Good for the money	I'll start off and say if you wanna be away from the hustle and bustle, this is the place to go. You can actually sleep here and not have to deal with the rest of the city. To some that may also be the bad, you have to walk a little ways to the Strip, and the area around it is not the best in Las Vegas. For the most part it's nice though. The rooms and Casino are small - but typical for a non Strip hotel in Vegas, and it was easy to get in and out in the car without having to deal with the traffic from the Strip. The workers were all nice, and the rooms were always clean. If you wanna party the night away, stay on the Strip, if you wanna relax at night, stay here.	
Oct 16 2007 	Quiet little hotel off the strip	Boyfriend and I needed to travel to Vegas for a wedding. For some reason, that weekend was ABSURD for hotel room pricing. Rooms that would normally go for around $199/nt were over $400. As a Starwood Preferred member, I get an ABA discount which gave us a pretty good deal on the room -- $159/nt including all taxes.It's a smaller hotel (when you're used to staying in the SPRAWLING themed resorts), but there were a lot of little touches that were lovely. I'm not sure where one of the below reviewers stayed, but our room was clean, new and the A/C worked perfectly. Bottled water is actually FREE and the double Speakman showerhead made for a truly &quot;Heavenly&quot; shower, indeed. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've EVER slept on and I loved the duvets and down pillows. No skanky coverlet here! The furnishings were modern and tasteful (including suede ottomans) and because it is a block off the Strip, our room was very very quiet. No weird drunken douchebags bellowing down the hallway at 4 a.m..The bathroom was laid out well and had a large shelf under the sink for all toiletries. Towels were fluffy and plentiful.I only had two complaints. First was the elevators (mentioned before on this forum). Upon 11 a.m. checkout, 2 of the elevators were not working and people were PACKED into the working ones like sardines. We actually had to wait for several elevators to pass because there was no room (and we were on a HIGHER floor, even! Woe to those on the lower floors). The other issue was that the first nite, we had to valet and when we went out on Saturday to get our car, the valet was NOWHERE to be found. He finally came running over after 10 minutes or so...but, I felt this could have been more efficient.	
Oct 14 2007 	Excellent stay at the Westin	Came to Vegas for a long weekend of shopping and gaming. Was looking for something better than the low end hotels on the strip (CircusCircus etc) and found the casuarina on the SPG.com website. Got a reasonable rate from the hotel($100 per night on a busy weekend) and booked up. Got to the hotel at about 9pm on a Friday night and checked in wih no difficulty at the concierge desk. Excellent room and very comfortable bed - Westin Heavenly beds certainly deserve the name! Was on the fourth floor with not much of a view but hey I didnt come to Vegas to look out the window! If this really bothers you pay more and get a room looking towards the strip. For three days I received unfailingly polite service from all staff no matter the time of day. Great location just off the strip, very close to Ballys and Caesars Palace. Excellent shopping available in Vegas, fortunately my winnings covered most of the outlay! Small casino by Vegas standards but very friedly and probably better for it. Having been in other Westin hotels I would say this is not quite as classy due to the Vegas location probably, but overall I definitely would return and indeed am do to do so in a couple of months!	
Oct 11 2007	Second stay this summer - a winner	I stayed here for business in May 2007 and again in September 2007. My first time to Vegas. Room was great and everything I expect from a Westin. Staff was friendly. No complaints. It's only hotel I've been where the big bottles of water in the room are actually FREE! I thought I'd want to be in a casino - there are so many beautiful ones! - but I couldn't get over the long lines for check-in and check-out. For a vacation maybe, but not for business. I was perfectly happy with my choice to stay at the Westin, both times.	
Oct 8 2007 	Classy Business Hotel	This place was pretty great - I was a litle hesitant because the reviews it had gotten on this site said it was lacking a few things... The biggest concerns on this website with the hotel was water pressure and running out of hot water, but I didn't notice any problems! We checked into our hotel, the staff were courteous, friendly, and the Westin had the 'hotel smell' piped into the hotel. The hotel was classy for a business hotel with a small casino in the lobby with all day $5 blackjack. The lobby was clean and tastefully decorated but as with all casinos, smoking is allowed in the lobby despite many starwood hotels being smoke-free. It certainly wasn't as smokey as many other casinos in vegas though! The rooms were large with their signature &quot;heavenly&quot; bed. When we first checked into the room, there was not sufficient towels. Housekeeping seemed to be our only complaint throughout the trip... One day we left for the day about 10 am, came back at 3pm and our room still had not been made up. We left and told the housekeeper we were leaving. When we came back at 10pm, our room /still/ had not been made up. We did try out the spa, and it seemed pretty new. We had asked for a couples massage, and they did not accomadate; they seemed to 'forget' once we had arrived. The spa itself was nice, though, and the massage was good. Aside from the housekeeping, my other complaint was the location - the hotel itself was nice, but walking from the hotel to the strip was mild distance, and you had to walk through various numbers of people who seemed to be jobless and rude and who would harass you as you walked by. Not very pleasant, and surprising considering the hotel being classy and businessy on the inside. Internet was also /very/ expensive. So:Nice hotel, nice insides, comfy beds.Poor housekeeping, slow, not enough towels.Smoking in lobby was gross.Distance from strip is short, but you have to walk through the rubbies to get to the strip.	
Sep 29 2007 	Relax properly at this hotel	The hotel is easily accessible and well situated two blocks off the central strip at Koval and Flamingo. The rooms are clean and comfortable thoughout, my room was unmarked, the escalators are fine. I was disappointed that the best weekend rate I could manage was $195/night on a 'cheapo' web site covering vegas hotels, and this was after hours of looking through dozens of sites. The Strat was booked up and I was close to booking either Hooters or the Tropicana but after a brief visit there I am glad I spent the $60/night more.The Westin has a casino but has a 'middle class/comfortable' ambience, unlike the atmos in some others. I didn't try Suede Restaurant but looked pleasant and pricey. The table games are expensive at $10. However I can highly recommend the down at heel - but great fun - Ellis Island (thanks for the advice !!) across the road with $5 table games and all day menu with $4.99 steak dinner or breakfast served 24 hours (oh yes!). I parked my rental car in the garage and was pleased to see that the valet parking was not mandatory.The &quot;Heavenly Bed and Bathroom&quot; is not just hype, these guys actually did spend the $$$ on the fittings, nice bathroom with power shower (though the toilet blocked up on my last morning), duck and down comforter and pillows, superb mattress and one of the two most comfortable beds I have stayed in, the 'aaaah' factor after a long journey can't be underestimated. Two Queen beds was less impressive than a King Bed, but on a busy Vegas Friday I knew there was no point in haggling. Compared to the insanity of the strip this place is a haven of tranquility, if you can get a weekend room for $120 you won't feel cheated, I thought that $195 was very steep but compared to London prices it's a good value property.Remember little extra things like the quality toiletries, water, coffee (though it was decaf with no choice), a walkable location all add up when you add these to the price of a poverty spec Motel 6 etc.A big thank you to the staff for finding my car keys (that was my major win during my stay in Vegas !) , the staff are good people here, I was offered a free chilled bottle of water while I waited for Security to sort it out. I would return to the Westin for the comfort of the bed alone, but expect to find a better deal next time.	
Sep 29 2007 	Worst Property of all Westins	I don't know how anyone could rate this property with anything other than 1 star. While it's location is okay being 2 blocks off the strip, the property is run down (giant stains on carpets in the room, elevators that don't work, AC systems that don't cool...) and has as much character as a Motel 6. The house keeping staff is slow and generally did a poor job - no shampoo left, dirty floors, etc. Fitness center is poorly equiped, too. Its casino is a sad, smoke filled place where it looks like old Vegas people went to die. There are also no restaurants in the property worth spending a dime either --- and Vegas is a place where a blind squirrel could find a good meal.I travel roughly 110 nights/yr. with most nights spent at Marriott properties and a few at Westin properties for business and long weekend vacations. If you're going to Vegas, spend the extra money and stay any other place. The Wynn, Venetian, Hotel at Mandalay Bay, or Bellagio are much better if you like the strip. If you want relaxation, stay 35 minutes away at one of the Lake Las Vegas properties (Ritz or Loews) or even the Green Mountain Ranch - all considered part of the city of Henderson, but really worth the serious consideration...you'll forget you never visited the strip by the end of your trip.	
Sep 23 2007 	A Respite from Las Vegas	The Westin Casuarina is a respite from the noise, crowds and glitz of Las Vegas. The no-smoking-in-rooms policy is a welcome change from casino air. Although it's several blocks off of the strip, the walk can be made easier and more pleasant by walking through the Bally Resort and then crossing the street to the hotel.The rooms are quiet, pleasant, soothingly decorated and quite comfortable. The &quot;heavenly beds&quot; are excellent. The bathrooms are well furnished with terrific towels! The housekeeping was just okay; there were a lot of spots and stains on the carpet. The rooms could have been better maintained; one of the rooms was missing a window shade, the other a picture on the wall. Of the six elevators, two were being reconditioned and one was broken, so there was often a wait. The front desk staff was uninformed regarding special offers the hotel was making on the Internet. It took something of an effort to get this resolved.Our room rate included breakfast. The hotel's restaurant, &quot;Suede&quot; looks pleasant enough, but eating breakfast to loud, pounding rock music was really hard to take early in the morning. The quality of the food was nothing special. The corned beef and egg breakfast, for example, was made with an off-the-shelf can of corned beef hash. The orange juice was not fresh squeezed. The coffee, although advertised as Starbucks, had a strange, off taste to it.I liked the Westin Casuarina despite its problems. It's a welcome respite.	
Sep 21 2007 	100% satisfaction	Loved the off strip location and the staff couldn't do more. Elevators are a bit of a challenge, but their modernization is definitly in progress, but we never experienced major problems.	
Sep 20 2007 	C'mon Westin - Fix The Elevators Already!	Stayed at the Westin in June and gave it four stars.I have to knock the rating down one star.Why?Despite the several months that have gone by, the elevators are still not in proper working order. How hard can it be to fix two banks of elevators? The call buttons on the wall don't physcially match and are not coordinated. (You have to press more than one button to get them all to light up...) The elevators still mysteriously stop on floors for no reason and look as though they haven't been updated in 30 years. The hotel would do itself a great service if they took some time and addressed the elevators.Additionally, I was given a room on the 17th floor; the floor was &quot;re-opened&quot; the day I arrived. Though the floor had that new construction smell, I noticed no difference between now and my stay three months ago. Hard to tell what they did up there...and, in fact, the TV reception in my room was bad on a number of channels; NBC was completely unwatchable.On the upside, it's an easy-in and out hotel. Check in and out is a breeze and much, much more enjoyable than most of the large strip hotels. No mile-long walk to your room or the parking lot. If you need more activity, the larger hotels are only moments away. And the room was cleaned promptly every day.Just seems to me that a Westin hotel could do a better job on those elevators.Does it really take more than three months to fix six elevators?	
Sep 19 2007 	Solid Westin Experience	Our stay at the Westin Casuarina was a pleasant Vegas experience. The staff were quite personable, and the location was good-- though it's off the strip- it's far closer to the main part of the strip than Mandalay or MGM.The rooms were new with typical Westin amenities-- awesome bed.The pool was weak though for Vegas.	
Sep 19 2007	Great rate perfect stay.	Got a great rate of only 69.00 a day for the weekend on the Starwood site. In typical Westin style, the hotel lobby and room have a modern decor. They were clean and comfortable. Just wish they had plasma/LCD tvs, but I am just being spoiled. The hotel is about 2 blocks away from the strip, an easy walk. We checked in at around 11 am on a Friday, unfortunately no king size bed room was available until 4, but they let us check in a room with 2 double beds. At about 2 pm, I went back down to the front desk and asked if there was a King available. She said, yes but it is on a floor where they were changing the hallway carpets, and that it might be noisy until they were done later in the afternoon. I took the room, with no problems of noise or disturbance. Received a cheese platter for free on Saturday. Not sure why, I thought it was for being a Gold Starwood member, my wife thinks it was because we took the room with the new hallway carpet. Regardless, a really nice touch. Took advantage of the spa. Got a massage, and the area was clean and relaxing. Not an after thought like other hotel spas. There are a separate steam and sauna rooms. The changing facility is large with all the amenities one expects.The casino is small. I do think the slot machines are a tab looser. The hotel rooms and lobby are non smoking, but they do let people smoke in the casino. There were people smoking, and they do have canister ashtrays in the casino area. Since there are very people the smoke is not as overwhelming compared to the large casinos. The Westin is the perfect place to be close to the strip, without all the crowds and noise that is typical with the big strip casinos on weekends. Would definitely come back here if I had a choice.	
Sep 18 2007 	Non-smoking but smallish room	I booked the Westin in Las Vegas just a few days in advance. It was the least expensive of the three I called. The whole hotel, including the casino, was non-smoking, which was absolutely wonderful. However the room was a bit on the small side, there was mold on the grout in the shower, and the carpet was ripped up near the door. It was also a bit back from the strip, which made it hard to get a taxi, however it was well within walking distance of the strip and the monorail. The staff was also very friendly and helpful.	
Sep 14 2007	Amazing Stay at Westin	If you want to feel like rock stars this place is it. Jake, Anastasia, Manny, Kevin and more around the hotel have it all going on- They are so friendly and made us feel most welcome. We go to Vegas 1-2 times per year and this was our first stay off the Strip- Needless, to say we won't ever book again on the Strip- The Westin was the best hotel we have ever stayed in- The rooms are modern &amp; extremely clean. The pool did not have a bunch of kids running around so you could relax and unwind. Speaking of Unwind- that they offer to Starwood guests- It really is a good time to be had by all. Thank you Westin for making our stay so Wonderful. We can't stop talking about you. Suede Restaurant is also so delicious you don't want to eat anywhere else.	
Sep 9 2007 	And they even have lighted make-up mirrors!!	My husband and I spent the weekend here in early September and were very pleased. The previous reviews say it all - great beds, good location, nice people, Starbucks in the lobby, etc. We were in town for the Cirque Beatles Love show; this hotel was conveniently located for that purpose. I really liked the size of the property - I get lost in those other huge, overdone places. Also, we enjoyed the bar area. We will return to the Westin next time we're in Las Vegas, provided we get a decent room rate.	
Sep 8 2007 	Comfortable room excellent beds great bathrooms	The room was very clean and spacious. It had all what we needed. The bathroom was very clean, needed some extremely minor repairs on the wall paper, it was coming off (but no big deal, it did not interfere). The latch on the door, had a screw missing, but it was still secure. We have no complaints overall about the hotel, we loved it. And I am a very critical individual - Also the hotel is pet friendly. In addition, the hotel is not that smoky, considering you are in Las Vegas. Non-smoking signs are posted in the halls. Great restaurant, we like the hotel shop too! Small casino area. The hotel elevators, yes, there is a delay, but no big deal. Lastly, there is a full service Starbucks on the first floor, we really loved that and had fresh coffee, lattes, pastries every morning. Hotel is two blocks from strip. That walk was fine; everyone walks on the Las Vegas Strip anyway. We will stay at this hotel again, and would be happy to recommend it.	
Sep 7 2007 	Exactly What I expected from a Westin	The hotel was exactly what you expect from the Westin- heavenly bed and shower. It was very comfortable for the sleep and shower I had there. It is really close the the strip and you can get to the Bellagio area faster than anyone North or South strip. The dealers at the small casino were extremely friendly and a great place to learn to gamble at table games. The bartender was super super friendly.	
Sep 3 2007 	great first vegas experience!	This hotel was an awesome first vegas experience!The rooms are so awesome. Marble sinks, dual head showers,flat screen tvs, cordless phones, and THE BED! definatly earned its name &quot; the heavenly bed!&quot; I had the most wonderful night of sleep in my entire life in this bed! Its right next to ballys and ceasars palace, you can even go to ballys and take the shuttle to the Rio for free. The casino always has 5 dollar blackjack in the lobby,and the resturaunt morning buffet was well worth the money!Th pool and hot tub were awesome, along with the private bungalow type rooms. The drinks are great, the hotel was awesome, and I will definatly stay here again	
Aug 31 2007 	Ehhh...OK...go if you get a really good rate	We moved to this hotel after staying at the Planet Hollywood for three evenings (that stay received a '2' rating from me, &quot;Okay, but some problems&quot;; see the reviews there for more info). This Westin hotel was fine and the room was OK; a couple of blocks off the strip. It is not a pleasant walk to the strip and it is almost too close for a cab just to get to the strip. If you want to stay just off the strip in a nice place, try the Marriott property on Harmon if the rate is comparable.I am a Platinum Starwood member and am very loyal to Starwood properties. I had no real problems with this hotel. I used a bunch of my 'points' to stay there and the rate would have been too high for this hotel if I would have had to pay (even the number of points I used was too high compared to other Starwood properties). Of course, the weekend we were there (last weekend in August), everything was high. The bed was very comfortable, as is typical with Starwood properties. A bunch of slot machines in the lobby, but this should not be considered a 'casino hotel'.I could probably do better than a '3' rating, but it was just average; not bad, not excellent. A rate just under $100 would be OK for this hotel.	
Aug 28 2007 	reviews here are right on for the most part	We stayed at this Westin recently for long weekend. Nice clean hotel. Beds are great. Rooms aren't big, but you don't spend alot of time there anyway. The casino is clean and the slots/ video games actually pay (compared to the larger casinos we played at.) The elevators are constantly having problems though as stated in other reviews here ( some were down completely and the others have problems...our friends actually got stuck going up to their room and the maintenance people had to get them) and the room service needs to have a fire put under them. We ordered choc covered strawberries and 4 hrs and 3 phone calls later they arrived (while we were gone). I read a review here about a problem getting choc covered strawberries and the elevators and laughed that they still have the same problems at this hotel. The maintenace dept here is the best I've seen though. We had a phone problem and they were there within 5 min after reporting it. Overall a great hotel though. Service is good, great concierge, restaurant (Suede) very good food, Starbucks in the lobby, free ,good drinks in the casino, just off the Strip, clean cold room, very comfy bed. Overall, a good value, esp if you get a good rate on the room.	
Aug 24 2007	Great Place	We recently returned from a long weekend at the Westin Casuarina Hotel &amp; Spa in Vegas. It was a wonderful stay-the service is top rate-very friendly and everyone is willing to help. We had a problem with our air-condition and maintenance was up to our room in less than 10 minutes. The problem was fixed easily. It is a bit away from the maddening crowds of the Las Vegas strip but close enough to walk in a few minutes. The best is the hotel is a non-smoking hotel so evens when walking through the Casino you don’t have to deal with smoke. If you get a room in the top floors you have a pretty good view of the strip at night-although some empty lots directly below. The only negative is the pool is small but in some ways this was nice because people were respectful of each other and there wasn't a lot of jumping in and loudness in a larger pool area.Lastly, the rooms are not huge but nicely furnished and of course the famous 'Heavenly Bed' is just that.	
Aug 21 2007 	loved it!	I read so many reviews, that it gets confusing. The Westin Casuarina is a small boutique hotel. Very quite with excellent beds and showers. It was a great place to relax after a busy day in vegas. It does not have the &quot;showiness&quot; but it meet all needs. The casino is small but they have a happy hour with 25 cent roulette. It is across the street from Bally's so you can have the big casino feel in a matter of minutes. And when all is said and done, who spends time in their room? It's vegas! The lobby is small and not overwhelming. At the end of the day, you can actually find your way to the elevators and your room!	
Aug 18 2007 	Don't put much stock into the poor reviews!	My friend and I stayed here recently for a short vacation. We had a great time and thought the Westin to be a lovely property.I booked this on Priceline ($85/night), and I was worried after reading the reviews on this site and by the fact it wasn't on the strip. I don't know what prompted the poor reviews. The walk to Bally's was very short; nothing two Phoenicians can't handle! It was easy to get to Paris for brunch and Bellagio for dinner (Olives is amazing, BTW).The room is lovely, and the Heavenly Beds live up to their name. But where was my teddy bear and rubber ducky? Dang! The color scheme has a nice spa-like feel. The pool area is small, but I actually enjoyed it more than the Strip properties we've stayed at. There weren't 10 million bratty kids or nasty frat boys running around.We enjoyed a trip to the Hibiscus Spa which had 20% off their services and bonus Starwood points. We both enjoyed our treatments and were incredibly relaxed afterwards.I would not hesistate to stay here again.	
Aug 16 2007 	Gets too many poor reviews!	Was a little concerned after seeing previous bad reviews, but found them all to be unnecessary! The room was great, distance from the strip &amp; Bellagio fountains was great! (Have stayed at MGM &amp; Luxor previously and that's a hike to the Fountains..our favorite attraction!) Previous guests who complain about missing a towel, or their room not getting cleaned at exactly the right hour need to get a life! We loved the accommodations and the friendliness of the staff. Would stay there again! And quit whining about the elevators! Not an issue!	
Aug 15 2007 	Nice Hotel but slipping	I have stayed at this hotel for several years now. While I like it very much, I have noticed that it is slipping compared to what it used to be. The attention to detail doesn't seem to be what it once was.Some of their employees seem annoyed when you ask them for information (the young male concierge in particular). There were some nice employees but they seemed to have a number of employees that don't seem to like their jobs and seem to just be going through the motions.My travelling companion had to fix the metal stopper in the bathroom sink as it was broken. Fortunately I was traveling with someone who is mechanically inclined.The maids did not show up until 5pm one day we were there, so we just opted for fresh towels since we were settled in.Internet charges are in my opinion are outrageous, but typically high for a Starwood property. They will let you print a boarding pass for free but be prepared to divy up some cash if you need to be on the internet for a period of time.I will stay at this hotel again, but I hope they do not continue to slip as it is a nice hotel.	
Aug 13 2007 	First its a hotel.	Spent 5 nights at this starwood hotel. Check-in was a breeze, no one in line. My room was located on the 17th floor, with a view looking north toward Wynn. I laughed to myself because the first thing that stood out was a great looking bed, with a teddy bear sitting in the middle of it. There were plenty of bars of soap, body wash, shampoo, conditioners, towels, a coffee maker, and even a rubber ducky!!!Pool was small, but never crowded. Didn't realize that they actually cool the water in the pool. There's also a whilpool, which was a nice touch. Service was great...the waitress never let you get thirsty.A small casino, with the blackjack table going every time I looked. Craps table had wagers from $1 to $100, something I don't see too often.Starbucks coffee was really convenient in the morning. Valets were always available, with no waits for my car. A quick walk to the strip, and really easy to get to Ballys across the street.	
Aug 8 2007 	This Westin is the Perfect Vegas Antidote	Duderew's review is right on. A lot of vegas visitors have been brainwashed to think that a giant fountain or an outrageous historic reproduction equates to a four star experience. With its delicious 24 hour restaurant, their trademark heavenly beds and baths, cute casino, smoke-free policy and contemporary decor, the Westin seems almost like a vacation away from vegas. After a long day of pushing your way through crowded casinos, paying too much for watery drinks and smelling like a two day old party, you will be thankful you chose the Westin.	
Aug 7 2007 	Mellow personal intimate hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for four days for free because we had starwood points to celebrate our first year anniversary. I didn't have a lot of expectations since it was free but I know that Westin hotels tend to be very high class. I wasn't sure if I would like beng off the strip though it is only a block away from the strip. Check in was perfect. The hotel is small, which I appreciated because when we stayed at the Venetian last year it took 20 minutes to find our room. We were upgraded for free so that was great. Our room was on the 16th floor out of 17 floors. Not a great view but ok. The room was large but the bathroom is tiny. The hotel has been re-modeled so it is clean and updated. I like the starbucks tea and coffee in the room and free beauty products. The bath tub didn't work so they had to move us to a lower grade room but gave us 10,000 starwood points so I was happy. Room service was quick and efficient as well as good food. The pool was little and intimate, which I liked. The waitress recognized me each day and I met some nice people sitting around the pool. The casino is dead, which I like because I felt more comfortable gambling. I loved that the hotel is small because the doorman gets to know you and it is SUPER easy to get a taxi. Long waits at the bigger hotels. We ate at Bill's restaurant (one block away) good for breakfast and dinner was ok. I loved my massage and facial. GREAT!!! All and all we had a very relaxing trip. Enjoyed Ka and Jay Leno. We plan to make this trip an annual one. :)	
Aug 6 2007 	Surprise! It's the Perfect Vegas Hotel!	One thing I love about a Vegas hotel is that dizzying 10 minute walk from the Star Wars slots in the corner of the casino up to my room that always seems to be in some far off distant galaxy. I love the endless offerings of the same $50 blackjack tables, one pit after another, as I yearn for the comfort of my room's bed at 4:00 in the morning. How wonderful the confusing signage and distant roar of the newest cleverly named night club as I'm trying to find the elevators that I swore were right here this afternoon. But...what I love even more is a normal sized, tastefully designed, perfectly tempered 4 star hotel only 2 blocks off the Las Vegas Strip. The Westin Casuarina Hotel and yes Casino is the most refreshing destination Vegas has to offer. You're not going to find gaudy flooring and complicated light fixtures here. But what you will find is a simple, clean, elegant, less-is-more type of decor that you would expect at a modern hotel. The rooms are decorated very nicely and are a fine size for a couple or small family. If you're looking to stick 6 of your buddies on the floor though, you may want to try somewhere else, as the rooms aren’t huge. (one of the few slight drawbacks of the hotel) But the bed is as comfortable as you will find in a hotel anywhere. The bathrooms are clean, well appointed, and there's a heck of a showerhead in there. And you’ll find a well stocked mini bar in the room too.  There's one non-descript restaurant on premises. I couldn't tell you the name of it (if it has one) but it's fantastic. It is by far the best “coffee shop/diner” (if it indeed falls into that category) I've visited in Vegas. It's open 24/7, has a slightly upscale feel and menu, but it's come as you are, and no heads will turn if you show up in a tee-shirt, jeans, and ball cap stumbling a bit after your recent trip to the bar. We ended up eating there 4 times in one stay because it was so easy...and delicious… Now, the casino... No, you're not going to find 10,000 variations of the same slot machine. You're not going to find 200 table games. You're not going to find a scary, library-esque poker room. And you're definitely not going to find 17 super crowded lounges and nightclubs. But what you are going to find is a perfect scattering of accessible, fairly loose, slot machines. You’ll find about 10 active tables with friendly dealers and reasonable minimums that you can almost always find a seat or two at. You’ll find no poker room, which is great for keeping the poker nerds away. And, you’ll find one very comfortable lounge with bartenders that are actually attentive and don’t think twice about comping your drinks when you sit and play at the bar. And on the weekends you might even find a DJ spinning decent music, at the perfect level to accompany that winning streak at the 3 Card Poker table, or to cheer you up after that bust-out on the Monopoly nickel slots. It's the perfect spot to end your night...Oh, and there's a nice laid back, not too crowded, not too empty, pool there too...Now no...this is not your typical Vegas hotel/casino. And no trip to Vegas would be complete without spending at least some (or in my case, a lot) of time at the big boy casinos. So guess what...you're only about 2 blocks away from Las Vegas Blvd and Flamingo. That's like...the center of The Strip! I saw someone wrote that they were able to get to the strip faster staying at the Westin than their friends staying at the Bellagio. That is no joke. You can literally get to the strip faster than people staying in the giant hotels that are right on The Strip.So you're only a few minutes away from the great restaurants, shows, and mega casinos, but unlike the people staying in those places, you'll have a home base that's cool, calm, and relaxing. It’s just the thing after that night on the town.Anyway, sorry about the long-winded review, but we spend a lot of time in Vegas and The Westin is, by far, our first choice for accommodations when we go. And that includes the 5 star joints. And it kind of drives me nuts to see people bad mouthing it for not being your &quot;typical&quot; Vegas hotel/casino. Because that is, of course, the beauty of it. But I suppose it wouldn’t be what it is if the people who are prone to expressing those sentiments stayed there on a regular basis...So I guess the only problem you'll have with the Westin is when you get back to work on Monday and tell your co-workers where you stayed, they'll look at you funny and say huh…where’s that? But it'll be your little secret. So do yourself a favor, whether you like spending time on The Strip, or not, stay at the Westin. It’s the perfect place to start, and end, your day in Vegas…	
Jul 31 2007 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else in Vegas!	We've stayed at the Westin Las Vegas twice (and will again this fall). The service is wonderful, the rooms pretty and VERY comfortable, the staff treated us beautifully and the location is awesome. We could actually get from our room to the strip faster than our friends staying at The Bellagio could walk to the strip from THEIR room!	
Jul 30 2007 	This Is Not A 4 Star Hotel	When we checked in on 7/20, I noticed a beeping in the room. I phoned Guest Service and an employee changed the battery in the smoke detector. A few minutes later the commode wouldn't flush. I again called and someone came to repair it. The next day, I left a tip for the maid and requested she leave envelopes and letterhead. When we returned to the room in the evening, she had taken the tip; but not only did she not leave the envelopes and letterhead, she hadn't vacummed the floor. I phoned Guest Service to complain. When I mentioned the floor, the rep asked me if we had been in the room when the maid had cleaned. The clear implication was that if we had, that would be a reason for the maid not to vacuum. I answered in the negative. After an half hour the letterhead had not arrived; I noticed that the maid had not left fresh towels. I again phoned Guest Services to request the letterhead and the towels. They brought those items; no one ever came to vacuum the floor. I also noticed there was no Bible in the room. This hotel is classified as four star. For a four star hotel, none of these phone calls should have been necessary. This coupled with the fact that the room was small as compared to those at The Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Paris, Hilton, etc., made the stay unsatisfactory. This hotel was not up to its advertised standard.	
Jul 27 2007	Great for the Price	The hotel is a little off the strip, but only 5 to 10 minutes walking to the Bellagio, Ceaser's, etc....Would not recommend paying over like $100 a night for this hotel as it is nothing special and the casino is small, but worth it if it saves you money.	
Jul 23 2007 	Nice off-strip experience	This was a very nice hotel. It did not have all the marble and fountains of the on-strip hotels, but it was clean, neat and within walking distance of the center strip. The beds were extremely comfortable and the room was well maintained. The pool and fitness areas were very nice. The quaint casino in the lobby was smoke-free and not crowded. The Starbucks and on-site restaurant were good. The complimentary bottled water was nice too, especially since the temperature reached 115 degrees during my stay.	
Jul 18 2007 	Serene hotel in the bustle of crazy Las Vegas	The Westin is trying hard to be a business traveler's hotel and indeed the clientele reflected that. The gambling area is small, understated, has only a few slot machines and is often empty. The hotel's decor is dark, simple and along the understated, yet elegant lines of other Westins. At $60/night on Priceline this hotel is hard to beat.We read the other reviews before checking in so asked for a low floor (minimize elevator issues), but above the 3rd (vibrating problem). Take note - floors 4 and 5 are pet-friendly so if you're a light sleeper you may want to avoid them. The room was nicely appointed with a new bathroom, carpeting and couple of minimalist chairs. Indeed, all the rooms on the 8th floor looked recently renovated, as did the carpet and walls in the corridor.The gym is free and great. The pool is adequate, but not a &quot;scene&quot; as with most other Casino hotels in vegas. Then again, there was no problem in securing chaise-lounges.The breakfast buffet didn't seem like such a deal, but the a la carte items worked well and, for $34 for 2, are good value for Vegas.All in all a good stay at a decent hotel. Would stay here again.	
Jul 17 2007	Nice Hotel	We stayed at The Westin with our two children at a low rate booked through an internet hotel site. The value we received was excellent. The hotel is in walking distance to the strip. The room was ok - although some stains were on the carpet. We liked the hotel's policy to provide bottles of water free of charge. Also parking was free. Internet use at the business center was expensive but that seems to be typical for Las Vegas hotels. The staff was busy but we had no issues with their service.	
Jul 16 2007 	Never Again	I checked in at night. They gave me a dirty room, the beds were not clean and there were pillows everywhere. I finally got another room and the bathroom door was broken. The elevators are so slow, they actually were getting stuck with people in them. The fire department had to come to rescue them. It got stuck at least 3 timeas a day. They are so slow so people were over crowding them. That was scary. The staff were very nice and professional. The hotel looks very nice in the lobby but the rooms are the same as a motel 8. They have very small beds. The pool is very small. The store closes at 10:00pm so forget about buying anything if you want to snack after hours. They put an 8 day hold on my credit for what I don't know. They say it releases after check out but it did not. I would never recommend this hotel to any one.	
Jul 16 2007 	Nice hotel off the Strip	Stayed at the Westin two nights (11-12 July) during a longer trip w/ stays at other hotels. Nice hotel slightly off the strip. Had to cut through Bally's shopping mall (near the monorail entrance) to avoid walking on the street in 100+ degree weather. Nice room on the 16th floor as a gold SPG member. Room was very nice as expected of Westin properties. Staff were attentive and courteous. Casino was quite small - I saw only 1 or 2 active table games going on at any time. And the slot machines were typical - probably not more than 20 peopleplaying at any time. My wife went down early one morning to get coffee (7 AM) and found only two players at a table and one guy at a slot machine. Though its nice to have the place to yourself, it was a bit too quiet and didn't promote any casino type atmosphere. Restaurant was very good for lunch - open view of the casino. First Starbucks I have been to where there was hardly any line. Could walk right up to the clerk and make an order. Small souvenir/sundries store having all the usual items.As others have mentioned the elevator situation is quite a nuisance.There is a sign posted stating that the hotel was working on it, but it seems like the history of the postings suggests this &quot;work&quot; is an endless process. We tried to time our use of the elevators at non-peak hours.Otherwise, Westin Casuarina was a nice hotel. Would not call it a casino unless you are used to small casinos like those on a cruise ship. Nice decor, attentive staff, somewhat good location. Building next door towards the strip was taken down, so I'm hoping they put upanother hotel/resort next door to make the walk from the strip a little less initimidating due to crime or heat.	
Jul 13 2007 	Nice option for Las Vegas hotel stay	Stayed at the Westin Casuarina Hotel &amp; Spa the last weekend in June 2007, as the start to a week and half vacation through the Southwest. I found the hotel to be a typical Westin (which is to say very nice and luxurious). Arrived at the hotel around 3pm, it was very easy to find and close to the airport. Valet service and luggage assistance was also fast, efficient, and friendly. Check-in was very quick, we were in our room in less than 10 minutes from leaving the car. Lobby was very gracious and relaxing - in typical Westin style (orchids in water vases, white tea signature scent). My room (15th floor) was also typical Westin - modern luxury, nice furniture, perfectly clean, and the wonderful Heavenly Bed and Bath. For me, the location was perfect, away from the crazy traffic and noise of the Strip, but just an easy 10 minute walk from the hotel the the Strip. I was not interested in gambling, so the (relatively) small and quiet casino of the Westin was a bonus, not a negative. The hotel restaurant - Suede offered a very nice evening dinner and breakast option. Starwood Preferred Guests were also invited to an afternoon reception with wines, cheeses, veggie crudite - very nice. The fitness center was wonderful - well stocked, with very nice equipment. Swam in the pool each afternoon, it was a nice facility which included a lovely jacuzzi tub - not as snazzy as some of the huge Las Vegas pools, but nice and not overly crowded. I visted the Hibiscus spa for a body scrub and massage - it was wonderful, relaxing, with a great technician. All of the mechanical systems and services in the hotel seemed to work well, except the elevators. The slow and few elevators weren't a big problem until the end of the weekend- as the crowds increased, they couldn't keep up with demand - when a elevator car would finally come to my floor, it would be full of people just riding the whole way up or down (just to get on the ting, which had the effect of slowing the system down even further). The elevators were a real mess at check-out on Sunday - most people (including me) resorted to taking the steps down 15 floors - thank goodness I had left the luggage under the care of a helpful bellman (who really earned his salary and tip that day). Other than the elevator issue (again, only a problem at the peak times), I really enjoyed all aspects of my stay at the Westin - it offered respite from the typical Vegas hotel - I'd have no problem in returning there for future stays.	
Jul 12 2007 	Love this Hotel - except the elevators	This hotel has so many good things going for it. Its so easy to park in the garage and quickly get in to the hotel unlike the mile walks you see at the mega resorts. It is walking distance to Ballys where you can catch the monorail to go up and down the strip.The staff is extremely friendly. The hotel itself was clean, the check in process was very easy. The rooms were what I would expect from a Westin property, big fluffy beds.. lots of thick towels and very quiet.The only problem they have here is that only 2 of the 6 elevators were working which did cause delays at times in getting to your room.Even with the elevator issue I would definitely reccommend this property.	
Jul 3 2007 	Westin a great deal!!!!	Date 7-03-07Stayed at the Westin, through hotwire 6-28-07 for three nights including a weekend. Had three rooms and everyone loved the hotel. Easy walk to Bally's and the Paris hotels. Staff went out of their way to accomadate our needs. The best beds ever!!!!!Small casino with slots that actually pay..Just a fun time and a great experience with this hotel..hope to go back soon..	
Jul 3 2007 	Great stay	Everything was great other than long elevator waits. Looking at prior posts its seems to be a long standing issue. Enjoyed doing googenheim in the parking garage!	
Jul 3 2007 	OK Stay!	Unfortunately, I stayed at the hotel during the NBA All-Star weekend. The airlines were in pretty bad shape and the city was crowded. So, I was looking for the hotel to be a bit of a refuge.I have no real complaints. I was just not impressed with the hotel. It is a step-up from a motel. The halls are dark and drab and the rooms are gray. Because I was overwhelmed with the travel, I did scheduled a visit to the spa. That too was &quot;okay!&quot; I have received better massages at the nail salon. The staff was courteous, especially the valet. And because of the events going on, it was a plus to be a little off the strip.I'll probably visit a different hotel when I return to Vegas.	
Jul 1 2007 	Great and quiet if you want to be a distance from the Strip	The Westin is a nicer smaller hotel compared to what is offered on the Strip. The room was nicely appointed but small (no refrigerator or microwave). It is a long block to the Strip so be prepared to walk. Suede, the restaurant, was pricey but very good. The good thing is it was quiet. The pool area is awesome and great for relaxing. If you aren't into the big hotel/S\trip thing this is the place for you.	
Jun 28 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Price	We booked this hotel for our latest trip to Vegas (we go about 3 times a year). We generally stay at a &quot;Harrah's/ Imperial Palace&quot; kind of place because of the price and location. We decided to try a new place &amp; got a great price on the Westin (especially considering that we were there during Spring Break time &amp; the beginning of March Madness). This hotel is kiddie-corner from Bally's (great Sports Betting place/poker, etc.) CasinoThe casino is small, yet never too busy. It's quiet but fun with a group of people get going--drinks in this area weren't fabulous;however, it didn't deter us from having fun.Rooms:Bed was comfortable, bathroom, shower--was great, plenty of amenties, tv,etc. worked great (for the few minutes we watched!). Pool:Pool wasn't crowded (its much smaller than others, yet not packed at all.) Very comfortable lounge chairs! Bar service like all hotels.Location:Great location--off the strip, yet located center strip by Flamingo, Bally's, Imperial Palace &amp; Ceasar's Palace (about a 5 minute walk to strip).--better than walking from Tropicana or Mandala Bay, Luxor, etc. to the center strip hotels.Food:Not much to choose from at the hotel. We went to the resturants at Flamingo, Ceasar's, Bally's, &amp; the food court is just down the road (about 5 minutes --Burger King, Subway, Pizza)--cheap &amp; you get exactly what you expect.Entertainment;We're in our late 20's so we usually go out to some clubs a few times (love to dance). Pure nightclub--fun but long long line if busy (not worth the wait.--no line or little line--check it out. OPM---AWESOME club--in Ceasar's Palace (played Hip Hop!!!)--mostly an African American crowd--so so fun! Voo Doo lounge--create atmosphere! Ghost Bar--great atmosphere &amp; view...dancing not really allowed (they try to keep it to a minimum).If you want a nice hotel (with a comfortable setting--nice room, clean hotel, decent pool &amp; good location--this is the place for you!	
Jun 25 2007	Westin Didn't Deliver	Went to the Westin June15th - June 18th and have to say they were short on amost things. We have an 8 month old and called well in advance to see about adjoining room and a crib. We were assured that we could get both. So we got there about 4:00 PM and our room wasn't ready and had to wait 2 1/2 hours. Then they didn't have a crib, which really annoyed me since they assured me there wouldn't be a problem or we would of brought out port-o-crib with us. Then to top it off my parents air conditioner was broken and it took them 2 times to get it fixed and the carpet was soaking wet!!!!!	
Jun 22 2007 	Awesome hotel	Great accommodations and customer service! I would definitely stay there again...	
Jun 19 2007 	Great hotel for the price great location	booked through pricline and over paid a little but still feel I had good value. Did not find the rooms small at all , beds were very nice and room very clean.They were steam cleaning the halls carpets every day I was there, although there were marks on the carpet they were not as bad as I was led to believe on here.Very impressed with the hotel- great location, not a big hotel which means you dont spend hours trying to find your room in the small hours, would def go backonly negative was there was a load of local calls on my bill that I had not made- most seemed to be made at 4am when I was sleeping, front desk remove them without question.	
Jun 18 2007 	Three Star Plus	I was excited when I got the Westin for $62 a night on priceline; I had never stayed at a 4 star hotel before! Typically we get 2-3 star hotels on priceline for $35-$51 so I was excited! The hotel was nice even the janitors were friendly and the front desk staff was always out in the lobby to help you with anything. The rooms were nice and the beds were comfortable. I have stayed at nicer 3 star hotels though. What makes this a 4 star hotel is beyond me but I was happy! One day we were gone all day and housekeeping missed our room. I was unhappy with that and they moved us to the room next door and rewarded us with enough starwood points for a free night which was very nice for the inconvenience. You are right near the strip and the monorail is within a stones throw away. Parking is very ample too!I would stay here again! I would pay up to say $100 for a night at this hotel which would be a lot for vegas. If you pay more than $100 a night for any hotel, you are not doing your homework!	
Jun 13 2007	Average Hotel; Definitely Not a Four Star	My wife and I stayed here a for a week during a convention.According to priceline, this is a four star hotel, however, we believe it's a three star at best. The bed and bathroom might be four stars, but nothing else.The elevators were being repaired, so you had to wait 5 - 10 minutes to get down to the lobby during peak hours. Late at night the elevators were faster.At check-in we requested a fridge, but it took them two days to get it to us. Staff was noisy in the hallways during the morning. They forgot to clean our room one day during the week.I received a small package at the hotel and their business center tried charging me a $20 handling fee. I argued and they brought it down to $10. I never stayed at a hotel that charged me to receive an envelope or package.The location is about a quarter mile off the strip, or about a 10 minute walk. Even during late night hours we felt comfortable walking around the hotel. It's definitely safe.The bed was very comfortable, but the sheets kept coming off from the corners. They were very generous with towels and toiletries and the shower was very comfortable.Casino is very small with very limited table games. They maybe have two blackjack tables going at anytime and they're always crowded.Overall, during the week you shouldn't pay more than $80 per night to stay here.	
Jun 12 2007 	Really needs cleaning!	We stayed at the Westin June 8 - 11 (fourth floor) on a Priceline stay for the bargain price of $55.00 (on a weekend!). I only mention this because after reading the other reviews on this site I wonder if they have different floors for Priceline guests. It's a good thing we did get it for cheap, because that is about what it was worth. In any case our first impression was that we had scored a major bargain. The lobby was beautiful with fresh flower arrangements and elegant decor. However, when we stepped off the elevator (yes, they are slow, but no big deal) into the hallway we thought we were in the wrong hotel! The carpets in the hallway were disgusting. I am not talking about a few small stains. They were REALLY dirty, and there were also discolored blotches that looked like bleach marks. The carpet in the room was slightly better, but still dirty, and frayed in places. The bathroom was also not the cleanest. There was a long dark coarse hair behind the bathroom door (not ours) and they kept surfacing throughout our stay. Not sure where they were coming from, but they must have been from housekeeping. We had to ask for the room to be made up on the first day because it was almost 5:00 p.m. and it still hadn't been touched.We enjoyed the small, quiet atmosphere of the casino. They have some full pay video poker machines near the entrance to the restaurant which I enjoyed and my husband played blackjack. The hotel is close to Ellis Island Casino which is a fun place, and across the street from the back entrance to Bally's.The pool is nice, although small and the hours are very good (5 a.m. to 2 a.m.).The king size bed was very comfortable, and we did not hear any noise from other rooms or the hallway. It was nice to have a coffee maker in the room, and there was ample supply of cream &amp; sugar (which some hotels scrimp on). We also appreciated the free bottled water and we cooled it off in the mini bar by moving a few items around.	
Jun 9 2007 	Best little kept secret!	I loved staying at the Westin, and will definately stay there again! I try to go to Las Vegas at least once a year, and I have stayed at a variety of hotels. This year I went with my boyfriend to celebrate his 40th birthday. We stayed for a week, and couldn't have been happier with the Westin.The Westin has the best beds ever!! I do not have an easy time falling asleep, especially when I am staying in a hotel, but the beds were so comfortable that I fell asleep immediately. Not only was the bed itself really comfortable, but the pillows and bedding were as well. They also provide the little extra comforts, such as dual shower heads with strong pressure, a plush bath robe, and sleep aiding chocolates. They even have teddy bears on your bed and a rubber duck in the bathroom. You are provided with shampoo, body lotion, mouthwash and shower gel. The rooms have hair dryers, ironing boards, a safe and a refrigerator(you may use the mini bar as a fridge without being charged if you do not consume any of the items).The staff was extremely friendly and helpful throughout our stay. I was impressed with every staff member I had an encounter with, from the desk clerks to the valets to the maids. The dealers were a lot if fun, and made friendly conversation while playing. On our last night in Vegas, we headed downtown and did not return until 8:00 a.m. We asked Kieran at the front desk whether we could have an extra late checkout, as we were exhausted and needed some sleep. He allowed us to check out at 2:00 p.m. We were very appreciative of that!The Westin is located slightly off of the strip, but as it is centrally located, it is very convenient. It is close to the monorail, so getting around is easy. I also liked the fact that the hotel was easy to navigate around in, as opposed to many larger hotels in Vegas. I highly recommend staying there.	
Jun 8 2007 	Buyer Beware	I booked this Westin because I am a starwood member for one and for two I usually find the Westins to be great hotels. I was deeply disappointed this time. I was in Las Vegas for my brother's birthday celebration. Luckily he was staying at the Treasure Island, otherwise it would have been an even worse stay than it was. First off- the location is quite far from the strip- while it looks close on the map being right across the street from Bally's- remember that Bally's is HUGE and spans a few city blocks. I'd estimate the hotel is a 1/2 mile from the strip. But the real problem is that it is a 1/2 mile of a somewhat seedy area. The one night I walked from the Flamingo rear entrance to the Westin, I had a real experience that I would not like to repeat and can honestly say I felt very frightened. Moral of the story- it looks close, but it isnt.Next thing you should know is that the pool is TINY. For a 17 floor hotel, it was ridiculous quite frankly. I was in town Memorial Day weekend. At 10 am you could not find a seat by the pool and honestly I would be surprised if 10 people total would fit in the pool at one time. Thankfully my family was staying at the Treasure Island so I spent most days at their pool-otherwise it would be standing room only at the Westin.The other big problem is that they are doing elevator repairs. A huge issue on Memorial Day weekend when they are at near full capacity. It took forever for an elevator to come and when it did you sometimes were lucky not to get stuck in it. I had the misfortune of just that- getting stuck in the elevator for about 15-20 minutes. I complained to the front desk about it and got a &quot;sorry&quot;. When I got home the first thing I did was send a formal complaint and was assured that this issue was discussed with employees and was given 8,000 starwood points, but honestly who knows if this is true. I was told that this elevator upgrade would be going on until December of 2007 so please beware.I did not notice much of the cleanliness issues although I was on a starwood floor which I think tend to be kept up a little better than average.	
Jun 8 2007 	Very Comfortable Stay	i have no major complaints about this hotel. The bed was incredibly comfortable, very nice amenities in the bathroom, furnishings were upscale. The starbucks coffee and comfy robes were great! I did get a room right next to the stairs and the ice machine. There was some noise from these two things, but not bad at all. I could have asked for a room change, but didn't feel it was necessary. I was dissapointed by the lack of free internet access. At $11 a day, it was pretty pricey for my entire stay. I ordered room service for breakfast one morning, very expensive but also very good!The waits for the elevator were a little long at times, but no big deal. The walk to the strip is not bad. I didn't spend any time at the casino but it looked nice...calm and small.The check in and out process was very quick and smooth. The atendants out front are always rushing around to open the door for you and ask if you need anything and taxis are easy to get.Overall, for a business traveler like me or someone who wants to stay somewhere off the hustle and bustle of the strip, this is a great place to stay!	
May 30 2007 	Great Experience - May 26 - 30 2007	I read many mixed reviews about the Westin and was a little hesitant about booking it. Glad I din't listen to the reviews. The room was wonderful...comfy king bed, nice sized bathroom, 2 chairs with footstools for siting and a desk. the room was exactly as pictured on the Westin website. No problems with elevators never waited more then 3 minutes. Staff was cordial and very accommodating...charged my friends I-Pod for him with no problems. I would definately stay here again and would recommend it to friends. FYI - my friend was in Vegas for 3days before I arrived and stayed at the Luxor, Bally's&amp; Harrah; as soon as he saw the room at the Westin he was in heaven. In his opinion this was the best of the hotels he stayed in.	
May 29 2007 	Could have been better	At least it was good to stay at a hotel on the strip that didn't nickle and dime you for every extra thing, but as a business hotel, did have a few complaints. Bed was great, but room was stinky (not unlike old cigarette smoke, but still stinky). Restaurant &quot;Suede&quot; offered marginal food and inconsistant service. Starbucks was predictable (to it's credit).One of our group (who also happends to be the owner of a luxury hotel) had the terrible experience where he walked into his room, to find it filled with 5 housecleaning staff and all of his clothes gone. Staff at front desk was extremely unhelpful, saying that he must have left the room unlocked, never returned phone calls about investigating incident, and finally, never gave him any consideration. Fair to say he won't be back.	
May 29 2007 	Simple Hotel With Great Beds	I usually stay at the Mandaylay Bay Hotel, but because I was meeting some friends, they decided to book the Westin. The Hotel is not luxurious but very simple. Because it is a smaller hotel access to get in and out was very easy (no valet required just park your car in the lot...right in front of the hotel). The Hotel is off the strip (Which is ok). The check in was very fast and the service was excellent. I did not use the pool or workout rooms this trip (due to the all night partying) but the &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot; were a nice feel after a long day and night in Vegas.	
May 28 2007 	Westin quiet luxury	My husband and I stayed at the Westin for 5 nights in May. It was our first trip to Las Vegas and we wanted to be close to the action, but not in the middle of it. The hotel was located about 1/4 mile off &quot;the strip&quot; and was an easy walk to the major casinos. It is a safe area to walk in day or night, well lit with lots of pedestrians and traffic. The pool area was small and comfortable, there is a Starbucks in the lobby, and the casino was pretty low key. Alot of business travelers stay here, so there was not alot of partying or noise. It was very clean, AWESOME BED!!! with wonderful bedding and pillows. Our room was on the 10th floor and faced Flamingo Blvd which seemed to have emergency vehicles going by at all hours. When we checked in we told them we were there to get married and they sent us complimentary Sparkling wine and strawberries dipped in Chocolate. Nice touch! Not the place to stay if you want a party scene, but great for a quiet break from the crowds of the strip.	
May 27 2007 	A two star Westin	This Westin is subpar compared to the typical Westin and what you would expect. Two blocks off the main strip it is just a basic hotel with some slot machines in the lobby and a 2 star place to eat. The property is not that old but showing signs of wear and tear. Carpets stained and plenty of nicks on walls. Room standard with small bathroom. AC took a long time to cool down the room.Bed was fine and the room was quiet.	
May 26 2007 	Really enjoyed our stay here - this is a gem	I brought my husband to Las Vegas for his 40th birthday. I come to Vegas quite a lot on business, and have stayed in the Ventian, Caesar's, Bally's, etc so have a decent basis of comparison. On this trip, we were looking to gamble a bit, see the shows, do some of the extreme stuff you can do here, so after checking prices (more than $400/night average at other hotels on the Strip, I booked the Westin at a good deal of $239)Pros: I loved:- the smokeless environment in the hotel. Everywhere. Nice.- the Heavenly beds! Say no more, they are as good as advertised. - the size of the hotel - big enough to have a nice workout room with free bottled water, free drinks/munchies at the bar at night, but small enough not to get lost or take 30 mins to get to your room- the service (though this might have been b/c I am an SPG member). We used room service, the business center, the shops in the lobby, all were timely, friendly and well done. - 1 block off the strip. 10 minute walk to Caesar's, Paris, which was just perfect for getting out/around. Cons:only thing I can think of was the size of the pool. The hotel has a really nice deck with chairs, some cabanas, drink service, live DJ, etc, but it is a typical &quot;hotel pool&quot; - 10meters long, 5 meters wide. If you are looking for the massive pool experience, try somewhere else.All in all, we had a great stay. We had no noise issues at all, slept great in the Heavenly bed, enjoyed the service. I would highly recommend this hotel for people who do not need the glitz (and high prices) of the strip - they truly did a great job for us. Also - it seems elevator service is fixed - we were on the 16th floor and never waited more than 1 minute for an elevator. Highly recommended. Enjoy your stay	
May 26 2007 	Heavenly BEDS!!! Fabulous SPA!!	Me and my husband just returned from the Westin in Las Vegas. We own investment Real Estate here, so we visit at least once every other month. I appreciated the wonderful bed, was so amazingly comfortable! It was really nice to stay in a hotel where I could access my room within a minute of entering the hotel. There are &quot;perks&quot; to a smaller hotel versus one of the MEGA resorts which literally takes a half an hour walk (from the sidewalk!) every time you want to go back to your room. What a pain that is! It's a very quick walk over to the Bellagio from the Westin. I chose to visit the spa for a pedicure and manicure, and I've never experienced anything so wonderful! I recieved a &quot;Jelly Cure&quot;, which translates into a 'jelly bath&quot; (the water turns to jelly, soak for 10 min, then a neutralizer is added to make the water &quot;normal&quot;). The massage was fantastic. The woman who was my manicurist also did my hair, as I wanted to look special that evening. My hair looked like spun silk, I cannot say enough about how great my experience was at this SPA. I was treated SO well, and believe me, I've been to many SPA's, and there are time's I feel like I'm being rushed in, rushed out, just so they can make a buck. Not the case at the HIBISCUS SPA. My husband and I like this kind of a &quot;dive&quot; place called Bautista's Hole in The Wall (Italian Eatery), great food, quirky atmosphere, very festive, and it's right across the street from the Westin. We also like to dine at Mon Ami Gabi's, a French place at the Paris(go early to get a seat on the outdoor patio, can watch the Bellagio fountains, and people watch, sip a glass of wine)...Again, very close walking distance, which saves on the wallet for taxi fare!! Overall, for the price, location, SPA, it is a great choice. Give it a try, you will not be sorry!	
May 24 2007 	A mixed experience	We stayed at The Westin from 13 to 20 May. We were celebrating my 50th birthday and since my partner has a gold SPG card we were given an upgraded room on the top floor.I noticed that the room had a connecting door to the room next door. My experience in the past is that noise can become a problem with these doors. We decided to let the matter pass as we could see from the floorplan that all rooms on our side of the hotel had similar connecting doors. For all we knew it could be that all of the rooms had this feature.On our second night and still a bit jet lagged we decided to have an early night. At 8pm a party started up in the next room - loud voices, door constantly banging. This went on to about 11pm when it suddenly quitened down. We were still relatively relaxed as we thought well people are on holiday so let it go. At 1am it started up again only worse. We called the reception at 2am and to give them their due they had security up fast and the matter was resolved. Shouting and swearing however continued intermittently in the room and thoroughly fed up decided to speak with the SPG manager the next morning. He was charming and helpful and to cut a long story short we were shifted to a suite on the other side of the building - without a connecting door!. Before speaking with him I was ready to go to another hotel.Be aware that the side we were originally on faces a goods yard and the trucks start up there at 5am - you will hear the reversing signals loud and clear unless you are a very heavy sleeper.On arriving home I was told by a cousin that she had experienced extreme difficulty ordering a bottle of champagne and strawberries to be sent to our room on my birthday. She was asked to phone back several times - she was phoning from Scotland. The concierge offered a bottle of Zinfandel and when told that wasn't champagne said that she, the concierge, didn't know anything about wine anyway! The matter was resolved by another concierge who said that in addition to sending up the requested champagne and strawberries that the hotel would add a complimentary cake as this was a special birthday - would chocolate be OK? You see where I am going here? Nothing turned up - zilch. My cousin is still working to get her money back from Westin.All in all a mixed sort of experience marred by the connecting door and a concierge service which sounds clueless.Would we go back? On balance no. We paid a relatively high room rate and felt we could probably have done better elsewhere. We stayed a few years ago at Bellagio and it was marvellous. We liked the look of Wynn and certainly would be curious to see what The Four Seasons has to offer. These hotels would all be a good bit dearer than the Westin I have no doubt but you don't want to compromise a special celebration as we did.	
May 24 2007	Great Hotel Horrible Customer Service	My friends and I stayed at the Westin May 17th-20th. The hotel is very nice. Smaller casino, rooms were lovely. Even the front desk people were friendly. But the customer service at the hotel was horrible. We were celebrating my b-day so one of my friends called to get a bottle of champagne and strawberries delivered to our room a month before our stay. The hotel was happy to accomodate. Once we got there, she mentioned something to front desk clerk that checked us in. Again there wasn't an issue. Well come Sat. we still hadn't received the champagne so we called down to the front desk and they said it should be there within a half/hour. Waited for a half/hour and still nothing. So we went down to the front desk and once again asked. She then called someone and said it would be there in 15 min. Needless to say I never received anything. We got locked out of our room several times and called down from the hallway phone to ask if someone could let us in our room. Well nobody ever came. Like i said, Great Hotel, but they seriously need to have better customer service if they want people to continue to come back.	
May 19 2007 	Decent place if you get a price....	This Westin is nothing special compared to some of the others I have stayed in. However, I got an incredible deal via SPG.com for a room at the last second. For $99 I could not complain. The hotel is not on the strip but you are 1 block away it is quite easy to get to Paris, Caesar's or Bellagio. Unlike many of the resorts this is definitely not a destination in and of itself. I have seen larger casinos on cruise ships and the public facilities are no great shakes. However if you get a price and are not pushing to boat out for a special occassion I would recommend the Westin.Free valet parking another bonus. As for the elevators, it is true that only 2 were working when I was there but the delays did not seem signficant to me.Another nice thing is the entire hotel (with the exception of the tiny casino and bar) is non smoking.Given that even some of the toniest places in Vegas can smell like a giant ashtray, this is also a plus.	
May 19 2007 	Warning! Pet Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over Mother's Day weekend. The room was lovely. We had a late dinner in the hotel's restaurant and it took 45 minutes to get our food and we were 1 of only 3 tables! Got a great night's sleep that night, but the next night at 2:45 in the morning, we awoke to the sound of a barking dog! I called the front desk and they sent security up. They found nothing (the dog stopped for a few minutes by the time he got there) until the 2nd call. They never told us they had put us on a floor (one of 2) that allows dogs in the rooms! They found the owner after calling him on his cell. He argued with them in the hallway. We didn't get back to sleep until after 4AM. The next morning we complained to the manager who offered to change our room but told us the couple were checking out that day, so we stayed. He said that normally they would have charged our room back to that guest, but he couldn't because we used Priceline. No offer to comp our breakfast, or anything. That night at 11:30-surprise-same dog barking! The manager lied straight out to us. We were leaving at 4AM to catch our flight. We went home exhausted. We'll never go back-at any price!	
May 18 2007 	My favorite place to stay in Las Vegas	I love this hotel. I travel to Las Vegas frequently for business, and this hotel is my first choice. It is very easy to get in and out, close to the strip and the airport, very comfortable rooms, Starbucks coffee in-room, and excellent room service food.	
May 17 2007 	Would stay again	Just got back from a 3 night stay. I had stayed at this same property in 1998 when it was the Maxim hotel. I've got to admit that the Heavenly Beds are the most comfortable hotel bed I've experienced. The Heavenly Shower, on the other hand, needs some work - same old tub except with a double shower head. But the peeling paint on the shower ceiling was hard to overlook. If Westin keeps updating the property, it could be amazing. The location is near perfect and the price from Priceline.com made it a GREAT deal. Some improvements I'd like to see: the room carpet looks a lot like it did in 1998; the hallways could use some color; nice TVs in the room but I'm surprised they didn't go with flat panel TVs; parking garage elevator needs some work; and most of all, need to somehow vent the steam from the shower.Didn't try their restaurant or casino. I wouldn't stay for the advertised rate of $159. Half that seems to be the right price point given the location and ammenities.	
May 17 2007 	Nice break from the hustle and bustle!	Stayed here May 11-15. A smaller hotel but has everything you could want including an excellent restaurant, small casino, Starbucks and gift shop with incidentals. Pool is small but we were able to get chairs even on a very busy weekend. Weekdays, no problem. Hotel is right across the street from the monorail station at Bally's and 1-1/2 blocks from the strip (an easy walk). Service staff were all wonderful. Free bottled water, robes and Starbucks coffee in the room were a nice touch. We had no complaints, the price was right and we would stay again.	
Apr 29 2007 	Good for what it is	This is my second week-long stay here at the Westin Casuarina, both for a conference at work. The hotel has a nice atmosphere, especially being non-smoking (except for the casino), and it is nice to not have to walk through a huge casino floor to get to the rooms. It's just a short walk down Flamingo to the strip, and the location is quite convenient.However, there are a few elements on the edges of the hotel that need refreshing - little things in the room. Some more major concerns are that my colleague's room (next door) had an issue where the door did not self-close - you had to pull it shut. She called to see if it could be fixed each day, and they'd said they'd come do that. It's not the biggest issue, except that housekeeping left the door open each day. That's a bit discomforting, and while there were no issues, she was understandably upset.The other issue is that this is my second stay here (about a year since my first), and the &quot;elevator situation&quot; is still an issue. There are two concurrent elevator control systems; on each floor, some elevators are controlled by one button, some by another. The algorithm used by one controller is really bad, the newer one isn't so bad, but here's the issue - in order to get good service, you need to hit both buttons on each floor. This means that two elevators stop on each floor passengers request service. This halves the efficiency, and leads to even longer wait times.The sign in the lobby from last year is still there, with no noticeable improvement.&quot;In our continuous efforts toward achieving perfection, our elevators will be undergoing technical upgrades during your visit. While this may cause some inconveniences as well as slightly longer wait times for your &quot;vertical transportation&quot; needs, we hope you can forgive us as it will ultimately ensure improved service for your future stays.&quot;I was on the twelfth floor, and it was substantially faster to use the stairs than take the elevator. I suggest requesting a low floor to make your life easier. The hotel was unwilling to compensate (even add points) for the inconvenience.All that griping aside, I would likely recommend this hotel to friends if they would like to avoid the huge casinos, and will probably stay here again (especially since work likes to book this hotel!)	
Apr 29 2007	Great hotel Excellent Service	Stayed at Westin April 22-27. Excellent service. it is a smaller hotel just minutes from strip. Attention to detail is consistent.Starbucks coffee in room, robes in room. Free bottled water in room. Evening turndown service. Umbrellas at poolside. Showers by poolside have hot and cold water. Pool is actually open till 2Am. Unheard of in the other hotels. From entrance of hotel to strip is about the same time you would spend getting from the entrance of the bigger hotels to your room. NO Kidding. Nearby convenience store has deli and food inexpensive. It is convient to everything. Approximately $12 to airport from hotel. Near Bally's and Bellagio. I've stayed at Venetian and Hilton. The service at the Westin was way superior. I think because its smaller you can get personal attention. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 27 2007 	If it's $149 or under	Stayed here @ $139/night. It is a decent value if you pay $149/night or under. Westins in SF/LA/San Diego rarely go under $ 225/night and the rooms are very similar. Nice staff.	
Apr 26 2007	Nice Quiet and a bit run down	Stayed there two nights in April with hubby. Got a good rate via priceline.Our room was on the 10th floor all the way at the end. Checkin was fairly fast. BUT - got stuck on the elevator. Apparently they were having problems with the elevators. Once in the room - we had a nice view. The room was well equipped and nice in size. No robes - so called for them. Arrived quite fast. Closet doorknob was broken - called maintenance. Arrived fairly quick. By the time I took my shower - I saw that the &quot;heavenly shower&quot; was broken too - but I was too tired to have them come fix it.The heavenly beds and the quiet atmosphere at a good rate would bring me there again - but I do hope they activate thir maintenance.	
Apr 23 2007 	No complaints here	Compared to the megahotels in Vegas, the Westin was a nice change of pace.We arrived an hour earlier than check-in (3 pm. vs. 4 pm], but front desk attendant was courteous enough to book a high floor facing the Strip for us. Killed time at the Bally's buffet.Checked-in at 4. Lobby had a wonderful signature White Tea scent. Small casino in the lobby. Starbucks also present in the lobby. Room was clean, decent size, and smelled nice. The room didn't get really cold despite turning the temp. down to 60, so we had hotel technicians come check it out. They came within 10 minutes, and changed a really dirty air filter. Fast and efficient; room was finally getting cold. (it was a steady 91 deg. during our Easter weekend visit).Bed was comfy, but not the pillowy, cloud-like Heavenly Beds/Sweet Sleeper beds I've slept in from Sheraton San Diego and Westin Boston. It was just a normal king mattress.Bathroom was a nice size; not small at all. Curved shower bar + dual showerheads = bliss. The water pressure was superb for us.Spa was good; front desk had a 20% off discount for all spa services.Amenities galore in the bathroom; as you can see in the pics. Starbucks coffee as well and free bottled water added a nice touch.Called for a 2nd bathrobe; came within 10 min.Didn't hear a peep from the outside noise or neighbors.Pool was on the small size, but at least the hotel had one, right?Very convenient gas station + convenience store next door; 15 steps away from all your cheap goods.Location is pretty good; highway is exactly 5 min. away; albeit with congestion &amp; traffic lights, it'll be 15 min.Parking lot view directly across the street, but the Strip views make up for it. Ask for the southwest view upon check-in.Did not use internet, business center or room-service.Otherwise, a very pleasant stay. Definitely the perfect alternative to the super-high traffic megahotels nearby.	
Apr 23 2007 	Average	Stayed one night and got a terriffic rate on Priceline ($55). The hotel lobby was terriffic with beautiful fresh flowers and candles burning. The place is non-smoking (except the casino) and the rooms are well appointed. Rooms remind me of the &quot;W&quot; but slightly less posh. Colors are great, bed is excellent. Hotel location is ideal and parking was easy. I would stay here again and the place is a bargain.	
Apr 19 2007 	Nice and quiet	We spent the night at the Westin and it was great. It is 2 blocks from the strip which is nice not having to deal with the strip traffic but just a short walk to Bally's or Bill's. If you are looking for a big casino then go to the strip as there are not many slot or tables but on the flip side this is the only casino where you can't smoke and as we are non-smokers it was great not to smell like an ashtray like at other casinos. The heavenly bed and bath lived up to its name no problems there. Only problem we had was the long wait at the elevators a repairman told me they were working on them but other than that no problems and we would stay again as the casino was quiet and no screaming children running around all over the place like you see at Excalibur and Circus Circus.	
Apr 18 2007 	perfect location	We go to Vegas every six months. I have to push my wife to go some times because she does not like all crouds in the major hotels. We usually stay at the Vanician but the gambling at all the majors is tight and impersonal. Not at the Wesin. My wife and I met a couple of friends that came from CO. We were able to catch up, gamble and have some drinks at the bar. When we wanted to cut loose a bit more the main strip was a block a way and we walked (stumbled) around. They had on site rental cars, which was great because we wanted to go golfing. THe lobby was great and the rooms were nice. The Wesin could do a bit more in the rooms but the bed was comfortable (new). THe staff was great. I feel for poor Jason at the bar who had to deal with my wife and her friend. Will never stay on the srip again	
Apr 12 2007 	Would stay here again!	We booked this hotel thru Priceline and got an excellent rate. Would definitely stay here again. The &quot;heavenly beds&quot; are quite comfortable and the &quot;heavenly bathroom&quot; was great as well with its dual shower heads. The customer service is excellent. We asked for more bottles of water and extra coffee and it was brought up promptly and abundantly. We never heard any of our neighbors. It was very quiet. During our 2 night stay, we always found a parking space in the lot just outside the entrance. It's a smaller hotel so the walk even from the parking garage is close. Check-in was fast and no waiting. I liked that it was not a casino hotel. Even though it's not directly on the strip, it is quite close to the back of Bally's and is a good location being in the mid-strip area. You can easily walk north or south on LV Blvd to all the major casinos and hotels. The workout room is pretty well equipped and is free. Plenty of bottled water and apples there. And it is a very short walk to Ellis Island where we had unadvertised $4.95 steak dinner, which was excellent! If I book thru Priceline again, I hope it would be the Westin.	
Apr 11 2007	Not the best Not the worst	Let me first say that I am a Starwood Preferred Guest Platinum member which means I have stayed at a lot of Starwood properties including Westin hotels. The Westin Casuarina was quite a disappointment. We found the room and amenities to be pretty standard Westin but the service was definitely below par. Requests often took 1 hour or more to respond to. Calls to the service express line took over 20 rings before they would pick up. They had an elevator bank that had 6 elevators but only 2 were functional for our entire stay. Thus we often spent 10-15 minutes waiting for an elevator. Here is an example of the poor service we received. One night we came back to our room after an exhausting day of walking the strip to find that our room had not been cleaned. A call to housekeeping not only did not yield an apology for the mistake but an accusation that it was my fault that housekeeping did not come to our room. A follow up call to the manager resulted in a slightly more apologetic tone but no offer to make it up to us. It was only through demonstrating how annoyed I was that resulted in a timely visit from housekeeping to rectify the problem. Would I go back to the Westin? Only if it’s free.	
Apr 10 2007 	Ok but won't go back	Whatever you do, don't stay in room 347. We arrived after a red eye flight from Miami at 2:00 a.m. The room that we were suppose to stay in, they gave away. So, we were given room 347. It must be over the hotel's generator or eletrical equipment because the room's floor (AND the bed) shook all night long. We joked around and said that at least we didn't need bring quarters to make the bed shake, but as you can imagine it did not make for a comfortable sleep. We called the front desk to complain, and the response we received was less than understanding. Basically we were told that we'd have to tough it out - because that is how that room is!!! Great - so much for sleeping. Also, the shower in the room turned from scalding hot to freezing cold repeately during our showers. Literally burning our skin and then freezing it. The next day, they did move us to a &quot;preferred&quot; room. The second room was adequate, but not what I would expect a preferred room to be. Thankfully, the room no longer shook. However, what other people say about the lack of soundproofing is absolutely true. We could hear the people next door, every time they flicked on a light, went to the bathroom and more. The one very positive thing to say about this hotel is that you don't have to walk 20 minutes through a smoke filled casino to get to the elevators to the rooms. But being that is the only good thing about the hotel, I won't be back.	
Apr 8 2007 	Not a 4-stars property	I must admit, I booked Westin by accident - wrong click on priceline, and you are bound to stay at the hotel you'd rather prefer to avoid. We did stay at Westin hotels in the past, including Los Angeles and Puerto Rico, so I did not expect too much of the disappointment. Anyway, we spent two nights at Westin Casuarina, and now I truly know, it is the place I am never going to book in future. I truly believe, it does not deserve 4 stars. Some cosmetic resurfacing of the old Maxim hotel was done, but it is not enough to stay up to par with Vegas' high standards and competition. In example, the &quot;granite&quot; bathrooms they advertise online turns out to be a pathetic cheap pressed-granite countertop covering, not the real stuff. The rest of the bathrooms decor is far from elegant, including chipped enamel and poorly functioning toilets. There was only one bathrobe in the room. We did not bother to call for the one. The &quot;heavenly&quot; bed has very rough linens and not a really good quality pillows. The room decor was very modest. The hallways had remarkably worn-out carpets; the walls are stained (or is it a particularly bad choice of paint?). The soundproofing is not existent! The lobby itself is OK, nicely decorated with orchids in tall glass vases. On a positive note (well, I have to be fair, right?) the staff is very pleasant and friendly, and quite accommodating. But it is not enough to sell the hotel to me again for my next trip to Vegas.	
Apr 7 2007	Terrible service	I booked a one-night stay here for my girfriend and me after a recent trip to Zion Park to be near the LAS airport for an early morning flight back to the east coast. Check in went well but the rest was a comedy of errors. The room was &quot;cozy&quot; (small) but comfortable and quiet.At check in I had requested a 4:00 AM wake up call. It never came. Luckily my GF woke in time to not test the alarm clock. Then I discovered that the in-room coffee maker was broken. Wonderful. Then I picked up the express check out receipt that had been slid under the door only to find a $66 restaurant charge.... and we had not even set foot in the restaurant. A phone call to the desk quickly resolved the issue...at least I think it did. They promised me to e-mail me a revised receipt but 2 days later I am still waiting. I am going to have to check my credit card bill very carefully.I booked this hotel hoping for a quiet comfortable pre-flight stay away from the zoo that is the strip. It was OK for this purpose but the service was substandard.	
Apr 7 2007 	Great people showing it's age	Stayed 4 nights Apr 2007. Great service, Rooms had very nice beds and bathrooms. Carpets however were very worn and spotted. Should be cleaner as well.Staff were all very nice and service was great.Hotel is one block off strip and easy to get in and out of. Parking is easy. Very limited food at the hotel. Nice to be away from the hustle &amp; bustle of the strip but close enough to walk to it.	
Apr 4 2007	nice	A nice hotel. Very clean rooms. Beautiful lobby. The entire hotel is non-smoking, which was nice because several of our group have asthma. Great pool.	
Apr 3 2007	Outstanding Service	Outstanding service! The staff at this conveniently located hotel just 1.5 blocks off The Strip (behind The Flamingo) could not have been more gracious to us. My wife and I loved being so close to the action but in a quiet hotel. They were very flexible in moving us to a high room with a view and an extended checkout time.The casino inside the Westin is very small but it is great for those wanting a night of low key gambling.	
Apr 2 2007 	Why would anyone stay here?	I just left the Westin LV and vow to never set foot in there again. I hosted a conference there and despite the MANY problems last year and the hotel's promise that they would be fixed - they were NOT fixed. The &quot;hot water&quot; is luke warm at best and often doesn't work between 6-8 am! The hotel staff must just be tired of all the complaining because they seem to run and hide when there is a problem - which is OFTEN. The elevators are constantly broken. The only saving issue is that the food in the restaurant is good - but don't bother ordering room service during the day - the staff is all working in the restaurant and can't deliver lunch. DON'T stay here if you want a hot shower, don't want to wait less than 20 minutes EVERY time you want to go up to or down from your room or you think you might want to order food in your room!	
Apr 1 2007 	Awful Service at the Westin	We arrived at the Westin for the last night of our honeymoon after a long drive from the Grand Canyon. Whilst waiting to park our car, the general casino manager of the Westin reversed into the passenger side causing enough damage so that I could not open my door. He apologised and handed my husband his insurance details but made no attempt to do anything else for us. We checked in to the hotel and went to our room. We had paid extra for a good view on one of the top floors. The room we were given did not match this description. My husband went back downstaris to explain our situation and we were moved to a different room on a higher floor and offered champagne and strawberries to be delivered to our room.We then spent half of the evening taking the car back to Hertz, filling forms in and swapping it over. By the time we got back into Vegas the waiting line was so long for the restaurant we had planned to eat at that we ended up settling for a burger elsewhere. The strawberries never arrived in our room, we didn't receive the turndown service which was included in the room rate and then when checking out they tried to charge us for laptop/internet usage, when we don't even own a laptop. We complained and were signed up as &quot;satrwood prefered guests&quot; and given 4,000 free points on the account, which we were told would get us 1 or 2 free nights in a starwood hotel. When I got home and checked the internet, the Las Vegas Westin needs 12,000 - 16,000 points for a free night. What an insult. I dread to think where the 2,000 point free-night hotels are located and what THEIR service is like! I will be complaining directly to Westin about our stay!	
Mar 28 2007	The best of both worlds....Business and Pleasure	I travel to LV for business regularly and love to stay at the Westin. It offers the amenities needed by the business traveler but a small casino atmosphere. I'll be back at the end of the week...	
Mar 21 2007 	Decent hotel off the Strip	We booked two rooms at the Westin over Christmas, to visit relatives living in town. Typical Westin rooms, which is always a good thing to me. Very clean, and since my husband and I have both been in the hotel business, trust me, we check everything:)There's a small casino in the lobby, and the hotel is a few minutes walk to the Strip. I'm not a gambler, so I can't even remember what big casino is closest, but I know we walked to the Bellagio.The staff here was excellent. On Christmas Day, we left a larger than usual tip along with some chocolates for the housekeeper, because we felt bad she had to work on Christmas. We came back to find the bed in our daughter's room covered with candies, a teddy bear, and other assorted goodies, with a handwritten thank you note. The front desk staff and valets were all friendly and great with directions.Unfortunately we only slept here, and never did look around at the pool area or anything else, but I'd definitely stay here again. The rooms were blissfully quiet, and the hotel is smokefree.	
Mar 21 2007 	Very solid especially if you want to skip the mega-experience	I stayed one night (3/19) on a business trip. I would stay here again for business, and would seriously consider it for a personal trip, unless I was wanting the over-the-top Vegas experience. If you want huge-scale, lots of dazzle, and to be right on the Strip, then the Westin does not meet any of those criteria. If being basically one long block from major properties (Paris, Bally's, Caesar's, Flamingo, Bellagio) is not a problem, and if you like the idea of your hotel being a bit of a retreat from the Strip and from huge and smoky casino floors, the Westin fits the bill. I would imagine that that high-end rooms in other properties are significantly nicer, but I'm betting that the Westin's rates are more than fair for comparable rooms. My room had these positives: nice TV, great beds and linens, good lighting, very good work desk, updated bathroom, good shower (I don't know what people are talking about when they complain about the shower heads, the idea is that having two shower heads makes the shower luxurious, well, as luxurious as a shower can be), nice radio, good drawer space. The room was a little short when it came to these points: doors and doorframes were painted over vestiges of the old hotel, and a little outdated/metallic looking; the radio's alarm was very odd; the radio clock was not changed for DST. Sound-proofing was pretty good -- I know the rooms on either side were occupied, but I heard almost no noise. The self-parking was easy. The elevators for parking and in the hotel are a little tired, but got the job done. The breakfast buffet was fairly priced and had lots of good food, including some items beyond the typical fare. Westin throws in two bottled waters with the room, which comes in handy even on 80 degree days (and these really were &quot;free,&quot; unlike the bottles placed by cheesy hotels who hope you won't read the tiny print saying each bottle is $6). The casino is small, but people in it seemed happy enough. If you're looking for hundreds of machines and a place with a lot of buzz, there are plenty of larger casinos a short stroll away. The check in was smooth, although one of two faxes that were sent to me never got to me. Staff was friendly (check in, bell, housekeeping). Gym was nice, has several good treadmills, some free weights, and a modest but OK amount of machines. Water and apples were nice touch, but &quot;Westin Workout&quot; is a bit of marketing puffing -- it was a pretty good hotel exercise room, nothing amazing. No issue with neighborhood. Monorail stop is at Bally's, but is not that easy to get to from the hotel -- better off catching it at the Flamingo. In sum, a very solid hotel experience. Not very &quot;Vegasy,&quot; but with enough nice touches to be a respectable, if a tad different, bearer of the Westin name.	
Mar 19 2007 	Nice but Not "Vegas"	Got a very good deal on this place via Priceline and was very satisfied with my stay. No Priceline mention at check in. Location just off the strip was fine -- closer to Cesar's than MGM or the Wynn. Walked home from the Strip each night alone without incident.Nice room with great bed, lovely shower and optional high speed internet. Easy check in. Professional staff. Free parking. A small pool.But, it's not really Vegas. There wasn't the over-the-top garishness or anything really memorable. No volcano. No Romans. No fountains. No inappropriately dressed cocktail waitresses. No toplessness by the pool. etc.Bottom line, if you want a really nice place to stay that's a little quieter than the typical Strip hotel, the Westin is more than adequate. It was perfect for my needs as it was a nice place to unwind, was business friendly, and a fabulous value. But if you plan to gamble a lot and qualify for comps, or if you want a place with real pizzazz, look elsewhere.	
Mar 18 2007 	Westin LV- A Good 3 Star Experience	Westin Casuarina East Flamingo Road Las Vegas.An attractive off-strip business class hotel with Casino. Rooms are &quot;Westin-standard,&quot; and are very comfortable and well appointed. Business friendly desk with adjacent seating area- perfect for the routine of lap top work / sip on a cocktail and relax. Pleasant bathroom contained upgraded amenities, bamboo plant, scale- and that weird double matrix shower head that scares my children.Small pool on second floor appropriate for a dip and a little socializing, but not much more.Casino, although nicely designed is quiet, and quite dull. Cocktail lounge was highly animated and lively- as is the case in most business-class hotels. Strip is a walkable quarter mile. You'll walk past the remains of the old Bourbon Street Casino, then a boisterous blue collar pub, &quot;Stage Door, &quot; the parking area of the Barbary Coast, as you arrive at the four corners of Caesars, Bellagio, Bally's, Barbary Coast, and The Flamingo.Directly adjacent to the Westin is a 24 hour gas station/mini-mart,where you can buy some inexpensive bottled water/sodas/beer/wine/snacks. Across the street is the Ellis Island Casino, which advertises $ 1.00 drinks/24 hours a day.Overall I have no complaints. If I were seeking a real over the top Vegas experience, I would have chosen another property.	
Mar 17 2007 	Good hotel for the price	This is a great hotel if you want to stay off-strip, within 5 minutes walk your at Ballys. The beds were DIVINE, absolutley huge - especially by UK standards and the bathroom was tastefully done and well supplied. The room was also nice and cool, which, when LV was experiencing record high temperatures was very welcome.The staff were helpful, especially when I requested to change rooms.All in all this is a good hotel, but after a great stay at a boutique hotel in San Francisco, it just didn't have the same personal feel.	
Mar 14 2007 	Great relaxing hotel right off center strip!	We booked this hotel off priceline, but were treated as full paying guests. The beds and linens are truly &quot;heavenly&quot; as the Westin claims. The pool was small, but plenty of plush relaxing chairs, great gym, free water everywhere. The staff were wonderful, they even printed off and brought up our e-tickets for our flight out. We had a wonderful stay and the location was great being just off the strip. We would love to stay with the Westin again!	
Mar 11 2007	no hot water	No hot water for 6 day stay! Got free breakfast for our troubles...big deal!! Then, to top it off:I allowed the bellman to take my husband and my bags to the front desk upon checkout WITHOUT us. 45 minutes out of our site, and you guessed it, missing jewelry pouch when unpacking at home that night! An upscale hotel like the WESTIN is not exempt from these happenings. Of course, they are NOT liable. Their insurance underwriters make it clear, unless someone is caught &quot;red-handed&quot;, you are out of luck! So, keep your valuables at home folks and NEVER let your bags out of your site.	
Mar 10 2007	This IS NOT a four star hotel!	I'm confused and certainly disappointed. I read a few of the reviews before writing this one. I'm getting conflicting information. The Tripadvisor page lists this Westin as 3 star. I would agree with that. Priceline lists it as a 4 star. That is ridiculous. We usually get excellent results with Priceline by offering $99 for a 4 star hotel/casino. We have even been bumped up to The Venetian and other 5 star places at that price. Last spring we ended up at The Westin. It is so far from the quality of The Mirage or Treasure Island or other 4 star venues that I wouldn't disagree with ranking it at 2 stars. Non-descript might be the best thing I can say about it. Pool? Forget it. Postage stamp size. If you look at from Google Map Satellite it actually looks about the size of a postage stamp while all the other pools look fantastic. The room? It's a room. It has a bed. That's about it. View? Nah. Nada. Why am I so negative? Because it happened again! Priceline. Last week. $99...Westin Casuarina. I called and complained to Priceline. They don't care. They have their Policy. I gambled and I lost. Okay. But that's twice. I won't be burnt 3 times. There are other ways to travel reasonably. (Due to my wife's irrational slot machine wagers, we always get 3 or 4 nights comped somewhere. This trip it's MGM Grand.) I warn you, if you pay more than $50 for the Westin, you've been taken. Avoid being taken in Vegas.	
Mar 8 2007 	Nice Stay	We liked the Westin. Had booked it thru PriceLine, so the price was right. Good location, great bed and shower. Addressing previous comments - yes the room was on the small side and the hallways need to be remodeled. But the elevators were fast and the casino area didn't smell all that smokey. We would have preferred one of the big hotels right on the Strip, but they were very pricey during the time we were there. The Westin was a great lower priced (thru Priceline) alternative, and overall, we were pleased and would return.	
Mar 7 2007 	We loved this place!	We just returned from 4 nights at the Westin( 8 of us) and all agreed we would stay here again for sure. The walk to the strip is on a busy road and is only about 4 minutes long ( no further than walking by one mega property on the strip!) The rooms were beautiful, clean, well appointed, and quiet. The casino is on the small side, but that was what we liked after losing one another at the mega hotels. The machines seem to be pretty good to all of us too, compared to the strip hotels. The restaurant is somewhat pricey, but Ellis Island was a bargain.. 4.95 Steak Dinner, 3.95 steak and eggs, great prime rib dinner for 9.95 including starter salad. The staff at the Westin were all terrific too. We went to some friends room at TI, and it was not as big or any nicer than ours. If you don't mind some walking to wear off your buffet bellies, then this place is terrific. We are sure glad that some of the negative comments on this website didn't sway us from staying here. VIVA LAS VEGAS!!!!	
Mar 6 2007	A nice respite	Our flight out of Vegas was cancelled and we needed to find a last minute hotel room. After having spent a few nights at the Aladdin on the strip, we checked into the Westin as Starwood members. They gave us a fantastic last minute price on the room, since it was already pretty late at night. After walking through smoky casinos for the last few days, the smoke-free atmosphere of the Westin was so refreshing (as was the short walk from the entrance to the elevators). The beds, as usual, were extremely comfortable. We had a car so getting anywhere on the Strip wasn't so much of an issue. The Westin was such a nice break from the chaos of the Strip.	
Mar 4 2007	Loved the Westin	We loved this hotel. The staff was friendly, the check in was swift, the price was right and the room was great. The beds were comfortable, the furnishings were first class, the place was quiet and the amenities provided made for a wonderful nights visit. In addition, it was near Ellis Island where you can get a great steak dinner for $4.95. This hotel is located just off the strip near the Flamingo making it central to all the strip has to offer. We would highly recommend the Westin.	
Feb 28 2007 	Rough Around the Edges	Like all the Westins I've stayed at, this one had an excellent &quot;heavenly&quot; bed; but unlike my previous Westin experiences, the price was low and, unfortunately, the infrastructure of the building was somewhat corroded. The wall outside our room was literally peeling. Also, the hotel and our room were quite cold. Normally I wouldn't mark a hotel down for being a little cold, but this was the desert in February! The location is somewhat close to the Strip, but the 3-4 block walk to the Strip traverses several dark alleys, peopled by some unsavory characters. Still, it's a quick walk. In short: Well priced, somewhat well located, older building. Would I stay there again? Probably not. I'd rather pony up the extra $60 and stay on the Strip itself. But if you don't mind a little &quot;rough around the edges,&quot; and you'd rather save some money for the slot machines--this is the hotel for you.	
Feb 27 2007	Just off the Strip Great Location	Great little hotel.It was just off the strip so really quite at night.One block from the Flamingo, Caesars and Bellagio.Has a small casino and had a offer by $25 chips and receive $40, it was also easy to get free drinks as the casino is small and there are a couple of waitresses. Bedrooms where clean and had great duvets. Large bathroom and robes. Our flight landed at 10am and we got to the hotel at 11am didn't expect to be able to check in as checkin time wasn't until 3pm but the receptionist happily checked us in. Brilliant!!Would recommend this hotel and it was a bargain at $60 a night on Priceline &quot;Name your Price&quot;.The pool was small but we didn't have time to use it.	
Feb 27 2007 	Better Than I Expected - Shearton quality	Having booked and paid in advance for my room before I read the posted reviews of fellow guests I have very low expectations. This hotel is not up to the standards of most of the others of this brand but neither is it burdened by slow elevators and low water pressure. I had no trouble getting an elevator and always had plenty of hot water when I needed it. The room was fine and the bed very comfortable. The only noise problem I experenced came from a single group of drunk guests getting back to their room at 3:00 am.A number of post have described the walk from the hotel to the &quot;strip&quot; as being &quot;questionable&quot;. My wife and I made the made the five minute walk during the day, and the evening, and were never concerned. The &quot;building site&quot; between the Westin and the strip is fenced off and you have to work to see that it is simply a vacant lot without any activity on it. The street to the strip is busy, with vehicles and people, everytime I was out. While I don't think this hotel is quite up to the standards of the Westin brand it would certainly beat the adverage Shearton I have stayed in. I also have to say that in my experence Las Vegas hotel rooms are seldom, if ever, as good as others in a chain might lead you to expect. For my first trip to Las Vegas I booked a room at the LV Hilton and being guest who stayed move than 30 nights a years in Hilton's, and having paid a hight rate, I had great expectations. The smell of smoke, long waits at elevators, and long lines for any sort of service contributed to generally modest expectations for LV hotels. I suffered none of those problems during my 2/23/07 visit to the Westin.	
Feb 24 2007	Wonderful stay as all my Westin stays have been	Exellent stay..service, rooms, check-in, friendly, and quiet. Very classy. Stayed on the strip the next night..at the Luxor. Will not do that again. This is the place for me.	
Feb 20 2007 	Loved it!	After reading the most recent reviews for this hotel, I was somewhat hesitant to keep the existing booking and possibly switch to a different hotel/resort in the Las Vegas area. WE ARE VERY HAPPY WE DIDN'T! We checked into the Westin Casuarina on Feb. 7 and did not encounter any of the check-in issues others are referring to. We had requested a king bed and were accomodated and then some. Quite possibly because it was a Wednesday and just before the usual busier weekend period in Las Vegas, we were upgraded to a larger room (wheelchair accessible, though not needed for either of us) on the Starwood Preferred Guest floor which was better than the original 'lower floor' rooms we were supposed to get. This may not be a secret to most savvy travelers but our request of a corner room on the high floor yielded us a very spacious end of the hallway room with a great view looking north on The Strip from the 14th floor. One problem we did encounter was a problem with the air conditioning and that we simply could not get the room cold enough below 72 F. This problem was rectified immediately as a very efficient repairman resolved the issue within about 5 minutes. A complaint that we read about was the distance to The Strip for some. I can only see this as being an issue for those possibly with mobility issues or anyone who is lazy and can't be bothered to walk the 5 minutes max. A big plus is the Reebok Workout Gym which is an adequately equipped gym with newer, well-maintained cardio machines and freeweights. Given the fact that almost every resort and hotel on The Strip charges per day to use their gym, having a well equipped, clean and free fitness facility to use greatly swayed our decision to stay there. The Westin Heavenly Bed is also a huge plus for this hotel - it is simply one of the most comfortable you will sleep in. We have stayed in one particular larger casino hotel with rooms that were a lot more expensive and were given basically motel grade linens and a lumpy mattress. A big plus too is the short distance from the front door of the Westin to the hotel room elevators which is very helpful at the end of the night and long slog through more and more slot machines is the last thing you want. Speaking of the elevators, we found them to be a tad tempermental but in all honesty, never waited more than a minute for one. I would definitely recommend staying here and we will most likely choose the Westin Casuarina as our hotel of choice in Las Vegas.	
Feb 18 2007 	Pet Friendly	We chose the Westin because it's pet friendly, and it was one of the few hotels (near the strip) that accepts pets. The hotel itself is decent....just a short walk to the strip. Our room was spacious and very clean. Bathrooms were large with plenty of counter space. The beds were comfy, decor was attractive. Staff was quick and efficient. The elevators were very slow.....several times we waited for over 5 minutes. The lobby was nothing special, small casino. The concierge recommended a HORRIBLE breakfast place called Ellis Island. A very drab restaurant that served tasteless food. The workout room was okay (for hotel standards)......a nice touch with complimentary fresh fruit and bottled water. Overall a decent place to hang your hat if you get a good deal.	
Feb 18 2007	Good location but nothing special	We are Starwood members and have stayed at many Westins before. The check-in and general services were at the usual Westin standards, but the rooms were not. The two chairs in our room were stained and the bathroom was tiny, especially the shower. Free wi-fi was not available in the room. It is located two blocks behind the Barbary Coast, so you are close to the strip. Right across the street is Bally's, so the monorail station is close as well. I would stay here again, but not if the weather were warm, as it is a good walk.	
Feb 16 2007	Warm 	The Westin's rooms are comfortable and inviting. It's staff is superior to comparable hotels. Suede Restaurant staff is wonderful, even if the food swings from great to so-so.	
Feb 7 2007	Not bad probably would stay on the strip next time	Just returned from a two night stay at the Westin in Vegas, as other reviews stated this hotel definitly doesn't have the typical Westin feel to it. First the pros, comfortable bed, clean room, big bathroom, friendly staff especially at the lobby bar. Cons, a good walk to the strip in a bit of a seedy neighboorhood (we were warned at the rental car counter in the airport), small room, only one person taking care of check-in at 2:00pm on Superbowl Sunday, long line! No room service after 11pm and very very limited casino. If your going to stay here definitly rent a car, that made it alot easier to get around, valet was very fast and friendly. I would probably not stay here again because of the limited casino and limited night-life and the distance to the strip. If your on a budget though and you find a good deal it is definitly an option.	
Feb 6 2007 	Vegas with some class	Got a great deal on a Sat night. Right off the strip. Posh and quiet. Loved the Heavenly Bed! Totally non-smoking. Professional desk staff. The shower heads were weird with a double nozzle that alternated hot and cold. Couldn't seem to make it work like a normal shower. Great fitness room with little flat screen TV's at every station, fresh fruit and bottled water. Would stay here again if the price is right.	
Feb 5 2007 	Best to avoid this particular Westin	I can't recommend this hotel to others. There are definitely better choices in Las Vegas, especially at this price.The hotel was recently redecorated and re-branded as a Westin, but the nice new decor is cosmetic and it can't hide the fact that the hotel infrastructure remains sub-par. For example, the elevators are extremely slow, the plumbing is loud, the water is either too hot or too cold (sometimes during the same shower), the hallways are dark and narrow, etc. Also, the hotel is a hike from the Strip. It's not that far, but if you plan to spend a lot of time in the casinos you'll probably get tired of the walk and use taxis.On the plus side, it's not a casino hotel (although there is a small casino in the lobby) so getting in and out is relatively fast. The service is not bad and the lobby looks nice, but that can't make up for the defects in the building and rooms. It's just not up to Westin standards.	
Feb 1 2007	Not impressed	Stayed here for two nights on business. Hotel is about two blocks off the strip - have to walk through a seedy area to get to the strip, but it only takes about 5 mins. Problems:- Am a preferred guest, but ended up on low floor (even though traveling companions who are not preferred guests were on highest floor in building).- Light in bathroom burned out. Asked to have it replaced. Never done.- Wireless internet is a pain to connect to. Kept asking me for an authentication code. Called front desk who connected me to someone else who told me I had to look on the TV for the code (????). Hung up, went on TV - no code. Only instructions for wired internet which also didn't work. Had to call desk again - spoke with nice girl who gave me the code I needed. All in all, took about 20 minutes to get connected. Never had problems like this anywhere else.- Elevators were INCREDIBLY slow. Stood in elevator lobby on my floor for about ten minutes before one stopped. Could hear them going up and down but they never stopped. And this was at 7:45am!!!- Got overcharged for breakfast. Signed bill at restaurant but never got copy (wait staff very slow - had a meeting I needed to get to so I couldn't wait for a copy). On checkout bill, showed meal charge almost twice as much. Had to argue with front desk to get credit. Also got billed for a phone call I never made - they tried to charge me for the call I made to the front desk for wireless help (apparently they transferred me to a number outside the hotel for assistance even though nobody actually assisted me).- Bathroom is TINY. Took ten minutes for water to heat up.- turned AC on at night but room never got below 70 degrees even though AC ran constantly - roasted during night (other guest I traveled with had same problem).Good Things- non-smoking rooms (although you can still smoke in casino so you could smell it in other areas)- comfy bedAll in all, I wouldn't recommend staying here. You can stay on the strip for a comparable (or even better) price and have a much nicer time.	
Jan 29 2007 	The Best of Intentions....but missed the mark	I recently stayed at this hotel with my husband. He had a convention to attend and I came along for pleasure. Check in was fine. We were given a perferred guest room on the 14th floor. The first thing we noticed when entering our room was that the entrance area light was burned out. We were there for 3 days before it was ever attended to despite our mentioning it to the front desk daily. Also unfortunately for us we needed to have our keys reprogrammed daily because they never worked we we would come back in the evening. One day our room had not been cleaned and a call needed to be made to get it taken care of. On the third night of our stay a maid knocked on the door and handed me two chocolates-strange! I would stay at this hotel again only for the convenience of location-otherwise nothing to write home about!	
Jan 19 2007	A comfortable and well-located alternative to the large casinos	We enjoyed our 4 nights at the Westin! It is close to, but not on, the strip...a fact that we liked. It's only a short walk to the Bellagio, Bally's, Paris, or Caesar's. As we were in town for a trade show, it was a plus that the Sands Convention Center is within walking distance. Parking at the hotel is easy, either in front of the hotel, or in their garage.The bed was &quot;heavenly&quot; as promised...the shower also lived up to the advertising. Our room was clean and comfortable. The closet is small, but adequate. 2 complimentary bottles of water are provided daily. I agree that the hallways are sort of dreary--they do need new carpeting. Employees were helpful and friendly. Elevators worked efficiently without a wait. We only saw one dog in the hotel. We did not try the restaurant, but did stop in at Starbucks.This hotel is a good option for those who don't need the noise and high level of activity of one of the large casinos.	
Jan 13 2007 	We really enjoyed our stay	A coworker and I stayed here for a two day conference that was held at the Flamingo. We stayed one night at the Westin to have a little varity and then two nights at the Flamingo. We did not want to leave our Heavenly Beds after the first night.We gamble very little and do not smoke so the hotel was perfect for us. It was a short walk to the strip and I have to say, it was really nice returning to a quite hotel after visiting others on the strip. You kind of feel as if you have returned home. I don't have anything negative to say about our stay. We both agreed we would stay there again if the price was right.	
Jan 13 2007	Not up to Westin standards	Westin went smoke free last year, kudo's to them, but not the casinp floor of the Westin in Las Vegas. My room, smell like their had been a recent poker party in the room. When I mentioned that it must be corrected or I would want a room change, they opened the same vent on the outside window to draw in outside air. It did not help. The staff were excellent and very friendly.	
Jan 11 2007 	A Welcome Respite From The Strip	We stayed here from December 30th to January 2. We very much enjoyed the Westin and I would stay here again without any reservations. In Las Vegas terms this is a small hotel. This is what made our stay enjoyable. Checkin for us was uneventful and I thought the hotel lobby was very nice. It has a small casino area, Starbucks, and their only restaurant which is a bit higher priced than a coffee shop.Our room, on the 5th floor was fine. We loved the Heavenly Beds! More than just gimmicky. So enjoyable. Bathroom was fine if a little on the small side. The only down side - tiny closet.Our in room safe malfunctioned (dead battery) so they had to drill into it to open it. They were fast and prompt and when we returned to our room that evening a new safe had been put in our room.In terms of distance, I definitely agree that the Westin is almost as close as many of the hotels on the strip. In fact, I might even say closer. If you exit the Westin by the Starbucks, cross the street and enter Bally's, you can be in Paris Las Vegas in 10 minutes. The light to cross Flamingo Road can be very slow and that really is the only holdup. I didn't find the walk scary at all and one does not need to go take a taxi to go to the Strip. Then again, weather was really nice. The demolition site beside the Westin isn't that bad and we had no noise issues during out stays.Service for us was good with friendly staff. We ate in the restaurant on our last day for breakfast and staff were helpful and quick. The breakfast buffet was not Las Vegas big but varied enough for a good business hotel in any large hotel. No omelette or chef-manned stations though.We really like staying here, saved a lot of money and enjoyed leaving the frenzy of the hotel. It's proximity to the airport was nice too. A lot of crooked taxi drivers will take you onto the highway and rip you off. We learned this the hard way on the way there. On the way there back our airport fare was half of what it took us to get there. Do not take the tunnel or the highway to the Westin. Tell them you want to go by Paradise Road and also say &quot;No tunnel&quot;!Also, when going to MGM Grand, if you do take a taxi, definitely ask them to go via Paradise Road and not the Strip.We also used the monorail and enjoyed it...quick although pricey. Exit at Bally's and in no time you pop out of the back of Bally's close to the Westin.I would stay here again and will the next time in Las Vegas. The previous time we stayed at the Venetian and I have to say, staying at the Westin involved less walking to get to our room!	
Jan 1 2007	Clean rooms with good amenities	when i first visited their website, i wanted to stay at The Westin Hotel. The hotel was remodeled about 3 yrs ago. It is located very close to the strip: next to barbary coast. It is supposed to be a smoke-free casino/hotel but when i was at the casino area, i need find ash trays and a ppl smoking.. weird..they provide newspapers with starbucks cofee (which was a plus for my fiance and I)The only drawback is that they don't have a sports bar and not a big selection of slot machines..The parking structure however is very close (connected to the hotel), and check-in line was short and fast.overall, great experience with them for the value that i paid.. will stay again!!	
Dec 30 2006 	Nice Hotel	The Westin is a great choice especially during the busy holiday season. We saw on TV that over 400,000 people were in Vegas during the Christmas time when we were there! So it was nice to have a little place of our own, just off the strip away from the crowds. The service was incredible. We got an upgraded room because we are SPG members and loved the fact that the hotel itself is non-smoking. And the casino is not bad. It has every popular slot machine game that the big casinos have, like Wheel of Fortune, and MIB, without the crowds. Parking was a breeze compared to the big hotels around the strip. Bally's, Harrah's and the monorail station were just a short walk away. Lot's of food choices around the hotel and having a Starbucks inside was a big plus.The hotel restaurant was very pricey so we didn't eat there much. And since we are not dog owners, we found the canine presence to be a bit overwhelming. At first we thought a dog show was happening at the hotel. Then we realized that the hotel is very pet friendly. Kind of nerve wracking to be barked and growled at as you walk down the hallway to your room every night.Other than that, we loved the Westin and would stay there again.	
Dec 13 2006 	good hotel	this is a very nice hotel - decent casino - nice bar area. The room was great too. The only problem i found was that checkin was slow and in general there were too many people about hence one didnt get the service one expects. Still though its a nice inexpensive alternative when staying in vegas.	
Dec 6 2006 	Wonderful Room Wonderful Service They LOVE dogs!	After touring Zion, Bryce and the Canyonlands of Utah, my husband, I and our mini-dachshund wanted to finish our trip with one night in Vegas. We chose the Westin over other dog accepting places in Vegas due to its location. Had many pleasant surprises. 1st surprise, they were having a special and the room rate was $99. 2nd surprise, the hotel not only accepts pets, but welcomes them. All thru our stay we saw staff members ooohing and ahhing over various pets including a boxer! They also provide an area for the pets outside that includes a trashcan and plastic thowaway gloves so that you can clean up after your pooch with minimum fuss. As a result, that area was always immaculate.3rd surprise, as Starwood members (we weren't, but they efficiently signed us up) we EACH received $20 in gaming credits effectively reducing the room rate to $59!It is located just a block from the back entrance to Bally's which by tunnel takes you to Paris and then on to the rest of the strip or 2 blocks to the corner that has Bally's, Bellagio and Caesars Palace. The toom based on other Westin's we have stayed at was exceptional as all are. Heavenly Bed is wonderful, we also had 2 nice arm chairs and an ottoman to boot. If you are looking for the tur Vegas experience, leave your dog home and stay on the Strip, but if this is a return visit or you are travelling with your dog, the Westin is the place to be. It is a quiet haven off the Strip, but nice because it is so convenient to the Strip. And quiet is the truth, we heard nothing once in our rooms, surprising since a maid was cleaning next door and we didn't know it until we walked outside. Even the color scheme is very quiet and neutral, a nice plus after a day in all the glitz of the Strip!As to the smoking, the front desk advised us of the fact that smoking was allowed in the casino, but we were not bothered by it and we are both non-smokers. Perhaps a new ventilation system is in place since the other posters complained.	
Nov 26 2006 	Great Staff Make All The Difference at Westin Casuarina	Bottom Line: We love Westin, this was a great value for our family, and the Hotel Staff made all the difference. For fussier reviewers, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE don't expect a Wynn or Bellagio experience at the Westin. Go to the Wynn or Bellagio and stop whining. Reasons to Stay here:The staff is incredible. Hotel was 100% booked during our stay and the staff were very professional and treated us like valued guests.Close to the Strip but you avoid the Strip traffic and the convention crowds at the big hotels. Very easy to park and enter/exit the hotel. You can also walk to the Strip, which we did the night we went to see Mystere at the Treasure Island (GREAT SHOW!!!!).Close to great restaurants. We ate at Bahama Breezes (5 min away) and really, really enjoyed it. On-site Starbucks and full service restaurant.Hotel is smoke free.Westin heavenly beds are very comfy. Allows small dogs for a $35 fee per stay (not per night). There is a dog run just outside the hotel.Small but functional gym.Small but functional casino if you get the urge.This hotel offers a great value for Vegas.Reasons Not to stay here:Somewhat narrow hallways.Elevators are a bit slow, but were fine for us.Not a big singles scene -- This hotel is best for couples and families.Hint: Apply for a Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) membership before you book. It's a great program and Westin/Starwood is a very forward-thinking company.	
Nov 18 2006 	Uneven service - but still a good deal.	I just returned from staying at the Westin and have to say that the service was very mixed. Some areas, like the front desk/ check-in, smoke free environment, heavenly beds/showers and personal greetings when calling the operator were very nice. Other services, just needed some improvement...Elevators -- I stayed on the fifth floor, and for two of the mornings, waited over 10 minutes for the elevator - then decided to take the stairs. I heard the elevators going by, but they were not stopping on the floor. When I took the stairs, I wound up in the back area of the kitchen -- and these were stairs that were supposedly available for guests... strange.Restaurant -- Each morning, there was a long line in the restaurant to be seated. There were many open tables in the restaurant, but the very slow hostess took one party at a time to their tables. It was an excruciating slow wait, and I don't understand why the other people at the front desk couldn't seat us.Business center was very slow and unresponsive.All in all, the Westin was a good deal because of the price -- however, don't expect a 5 star hotel - or you will be dissapointed.	
Nov 13 2006	Decent Not Great	The Westin Casuarina Hotel would be considered a really nice hotel in most cities. However in Las Vegas it is just okay. It is a nice quiet and clean hotel with a very comfortable bed and nice bathroom. It also is not nearly as crowded as the big hotels on the strip and it is a short walk to the side entrance of Ballys which gets you to the strip. The main reasons to stay here would be the cheaper rates, it’s close to the strip, and it’s not too crowded. I personally prefer the excitement and amenities of the large hotels right on the strip.	
Nov 4 2006 	You Surely Can Do Better	Did NOT like Westin, felt like a under average hotel barely making average andthe appeal drops drastically because it is off the strip. Casino smelled ofsmoke. Gym was really small. The bedding in the room was okay bathroom wassmall. Our room just passed the mark for okay but I can see how things cango wrong at another time and another room??? Do not pay more than $89/night.	
Nov 1 2006 	great bed and shower	This hotel was conveniant with a nice bed and small casino. Very comfortable. Courteous staff. Would stay again if offerered a good deal.	
Oct 30 2006 	Great Quiet Hotel Just Off The Strip	Just got back from a baseball tourn. in Vegas. Stayed at the Westin and had a great experience. When we arrived the desk clerk let us check in early and put all our rooms together, which was great for the kids. Free self parking 50 feet from the hotel. Great breakfast and starbucks in the lobby. Clean rooms, comfortable beds with nice bathrooms. Hotel was very quite and only a short walk to the strip.	
Oct 28 2006	nice hotel	I was here for business for 2 nights. Lucked out apparently and got a room on the 17th/top floor. Thought the staff was excellent, everyone was very polite and helpful. They're into the zen experience, beta fish on the registration desk, bamboo in the bathroom. No problems on the high floor with water pressure (I read that others did), 3 newspapers in the morning which I like, turn down service at night with chocolates/empty the garbage/fresh towels. Elevators were fine, not a big wait. Food at the meetings was good. Small/small/small casino, but others told me the dealers were very nice. Needed something fixed in my room and had service within 15 minutes. Great bed/linens, had a las vegas/westin rubbery ducky in the bathroom which I thought was cute. Location/walking to the strip isn't the best-I wouldn't do it at night be myself probably, but that's what taxis are for in my opinion. I'd recommend this place if you're not a smoker and want a great sleep. If you're looking for action and location you'd probably go elsewhere.	
Oct 27 2006 	Not good value for the money	While this hotel is conveniently located close to the strip that’s about all it has going for it. We picked the Wesitn after learning that it is smoke free...which turned out to be untrue. Smoking is allowed in the casino portion which filters its way into the rest of the property. House keeping service was terrible during our stay and our room wasn't cleaned on one day and on another they left us without towels. Requests for towels made to the front desk went unanswered. During check in we were told our room was not ready and to check back....it wasn't till 6pm did we finally get our room. Trays were routinely left on the floor of the hallways for longer than they should be. It was interesting that when we checked out the front desk clerk asked if everything was ok during our stay. So, I explained to her that we were not very happy with the hotel and further explained so of our concerns were brought up to the front desk before and went unanswered. She responded with a half hearted apology and shrugged her shoulders which left me wondering why did she even ask if she wasn't going to be interested in our answer. On a positive note, we really did enjoy the bedding and the room was nicely furnished. If you're going to spend the kind of money the westin is charging you might want to look elsewhere...this hotel is a not worth it.	
Oct 17 2006 	Not up to Westin Standards! Wouldn't stay here even for free!	We love Westins and wanted to take advantage of a business conference in Vegas by extending it using our Gold SPG points.We go to LV every year or two and usually stay at Bellagio or the Venetian (just to show the caliber of accomodations we look for). We like to do many things in addition to gamble but were looking foward to a lower key (just off the strip) and smoke free experience.We were VERY dissappointed when we arrived at the Westin to see that it was not a new hotel but the converted Maxim Casino. And it showed! Everything about this hotel was old, tired and looking like they just painted over the true &quot;bones.&quot;The rooms were tiny and dirty, with stained carpets and fabrics.There was virtially no casino (we expected small but this was a joke) and even though they do not allow smoking, it must still be in the ducts because the whole place smelled. They seemed to try to cover the scent but it's just not working.I don't mind being off the strip but if you wanted to walk anywhere you needed to walk passed construction sites and tacky, run down restaurants and old casinos. I would not feel comfortable returning to the room by myself when my husband choose to play in a poker room late at night.Even the dining options were sad. All in all, I agree that this is a very depressing location. I don't know how Westin could put their name on this run-down, old, smelly hotel. It defintiely does not live up to Westin's reputation.Ultimately, we decided that if we wanted a special weekend, we just could not stay . We called the SPG desk and they politely said &quot;I'm sorry you feel that way&quot; and agreed to give us back our spg points. We immediately got on the phone a found a good rate at the Venetian and off we went.I guess we have to wait for the W to open. Choose something else until then.	
Oct 11 2006 	YOU CAN DO MUCH BETTER	I am writting this from the airport in Las Vegas. We just completed a 3 day stay at the West. I would NOT stay there again.First the good - The hotel (except for the casino area) is smoke free. The rooms, while small met our needs with the exception of the shower. The design is good, it was clean and neat, and the bed was very comfortable.The bad, however, out weighed the good - THE WATER PRESSURE was terrible. We were on the 17th (top) floor, so maybe this is why. But we did call guest services and they said they 'fixed it&quot;. I think their engineer must have come in when no other guests where showering, so he assumed the problem was resolved. But when we turned on the water in the morning (when most other guests were also showering) the water came out in trickles. It alternated to a maximum of a VERY week spray (even with one of the two shower heads turned off) down to literally drops. And it fluctuated between hot and cold. THE ELEVATORSWe were considering asking for a room on a lower floor, but other members of our group said the lower floors had good shower pressure, but had evevator problmes - the elevators were full by the time they got to their floors, so they ended up using the steps (7th floor, mind you) rather than waiting for an empty elevator.THE LOCATIONThis hotel is located about a block and one half off the strip. If there were other hotels leading up to it, maybe it would have been ok. But the former Burbon Street hotel was torn down, and whatever construction project was going to replace it stalled out. So now you have to walk past a filthy construction site for 1/2 block to get to the hotel. That's after walking a 'vegas' block down through a somewhat seedy area - a bar offering beer and 1/2 lb hot dogs for $2.50, a passable italian restaurant, and the tackier side of Barbary Coast'. Not only was the construction/destruction area littered with what must have been hundreds of discarded beer and booze bottles, but the walk through the area was very dark. I suspect a woman or even two walking together would have felt uncomforable (this was confirmed by members of our group).THE PRICEWe were charged a 'convention rate' of $200 a night. This was for 3 nights - Saturday, Sunday and Monday. Ok, maybe they could get away with charging more for a Saturday night, as most hotels do - but $200 a night for THIS HOTEL ON A MONDAY NIGHT????SUMMARYI usually like Westins, and am a gold member of starwood rewards - but would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone	
Sep 25 2006 	nice stay at the Westin	My experience was pretty much like that of other posters. The hotel is clean, the bed and shower are wonderful, the rooms a bit small. I was there for a meeting and the rate was excellent. Staff were outstanding -- they answer the phone with your name -- computers make that pretty simple, but a nice touch.I like that a single payment covers wi-fi access in both the bedrooms and public areas, especially nice since I was there on business. But, $10.95 is a bit high for an access charge.My only complaint is the elevators. This is not a very large hotel and it has six elevators, but they aren't programmed very well. You regularly hear elevators passing your floor on the way down and the wait could run to several minutes.	
Sep 24 2006 	ok but not super	I booked one night through Priceline for around $100 + tax at the Westin for a Wednesday night.The hotel is located off the strip, but not too far that you cannot walk to it (around 10 min.). The self-parking is easy and it doesn't take long to go the hotel lobby.Check-in was very efficient and courteous. The elevators to the rooms are close to the lobby. You don't have to go through a casino to go to your room.The casino is quiet compared to the rumbling in the ones on the strip. I didn't gamble, but had a drink at the bar after I went to see Celine Dion. After such a powerful show, it's nice to have some quiet time at a bar to unwind ... Customers seemed to be business people. The room was not very big, but had everything I needed. There was a safe, mini-bar, flat screen tv, desk, two chairs and two very comfortable FULL (not QUEEN) size beds.My only complaint is that the hotel should think about revamping the hallways. I think they looked very worned out (the carpet has to go !!) and the smell is pretty bad. The first good impression is quickly gone after you get off the elevator ...Besides that (hopefully it will be resolved soon), I won't mind going back to this hotel.	
Sep 15 2006 	2 stays so far - both for business	I've stayed at the Westin twice so far in the past year, both times for a trade show. We have a choice where to stay and I choose this place. Why?1. Avoids the noise and traffic of the strip2. You don't have to walk through a maze of casino games to get to your hotel elevators3. Parts of the hotel are designated as non-smoking4. Never a long line for taxis, valet or check-in5. Less than a 10 minute walk to the heart of the stripLike it so much that I've joined the Starwood Preferred Guest program because, not only will I be back again next February and August for business, but I'd bring my family to stay here as well.	
Sep 14 2006 	Nice hotel great location quiet and low-key	The previous post is a little ridiculous. I don't really think you can blame the Westin if it's hot in Vegas, or if someone on the strip tries to hand you a flier. Bottom line: This is a very nice hotel (with typical Westin amenities). It's much smaller than your average casino hotel, which my wife and I found to be a nice change of pace. The staff and service are very good. Because this is a smaller property, you can avoid the long check-in lines, etc. The casino is small, but inviting (and you can always find $5 blackjack &amp; craps, which is surprising this close to the strip). Beverage service at the tables was suprisingly fast. The hotel sits just behind Flamingo and Barbary Coast, so the walk to the strip is &lt;5 minutes. If you choose to jump in a cab to beat the heat (which we often did), it's &lt;$10 to any of the casinos along the strip or nearby (Palms, Hard-Rock, etc.) The pool area is small, but very nice. Covered cabanas are available on a first come basis (no charge), and the poolside food &amp; beverage service is good. The fitness facilities are nice (and complementary, as opposed to the $20-$25 daily use fee that most casino properties charge). If you're not familiar with Starwood properties, the &quot;Heavenly beds&quot; at the Westin are wonderful.My wife and I are ages 30-31, and our goal in Vegas was to relax, do some gambling, have a couple of nice meals, and catch a show or two. With that in mind, the Westin was a great choice. The casino is pretty quiet, so If you're looking for more of a party atmoshpere, then this probably isn't your best bet. Go with Palms, Hard Rock, Mandalay, MIrage, etc. As for us, we would definitely recommend this property to friends, or anyone looking for a nice hotel close to, but separate from the madness of the bigger casino properties on the strip.	
Sep 12 2006 	Seen Las Vegas once now dont need to go back	Stayed at the Westin for a few days for a recent seminar. This was my first trip to Las Vegas. Now Ive seen it and dont have to plan to return. The hotel was okay, had no refridgerator in the room as advertised, not a safe as advertised, no mini bar as it said in the ad. I didnt care that much though. The bed was very comfortable, the room was clean. The restaurant way overpriced, forget free drinks even if you are gambling. Las Vegas was not my idea of exciting or fun. The walk in over 100 degree heat even if it was just a block from the strip was almost unbearable. If you see one casino, you have seen them all. I guess I am being very negative, It was nice to see, the old downtown Vegas was pretty neat, the light show every hour on the hour. Go to Ellis Island for a good cheap meal. It is just a block away, the opposite way from the strip. Walking to the strip be prepared.. There is a lot where I suppose a hotel was torn down. There are broken beer bottles, trash, and these cards of prostitutes all over the ground. I guess they hand out these cards at night trying to get business. They advertise prostitution all over, a lot of YOUNG girls, but also advertise 60 PLUS aged prostitutes, I know they are there, I saw them. ANyway, I would much rather spend my dollars on a beautiful beach any day. The staff at this hotel were pretty friendly though.	
Sep 10 2006 	nice clean and low-key...	My partner and I, along with our little dog, stayed at the Westin Causuarina for four nights in this past week. The location was decent as the hotel is quiet without the usual Vegas bustle and was also less than a 10 min walk from the strip. We often cut through Bally's which was across the street to enjoy their air conditioning as well as to use their automated walkways. The housekeeping services were good and the room was very clean. As other reviewers have mentioned, the heavenly shower and bed were quite enjoyable amenities. My only complain was of the front desk. I had reserved online via the Westin website at a rate of $185/night for a 'top floor, upgraded bathroom' room. When I was handed a key to the 5th floor, I inquired as to the number of floors the hotel had. I was told that there were 17 floors and was offered no further info. I then pointed out that I had paid a higher rate specifically for one of the top floors. The reservation clerk then finally told me that because I had a pet with me, I am binded to the 5th floor. I thought that he was deceiving as had I not be aware of the difference in rate, I would have overpaid by $35/night unknowingly. All in all, I do recommend this hotel, but would suggest that you be sure to keep close tabs on your room charges.	
Sep 5 2006 	warm welcome for pets and people	We went to Las Vegas for a trade show and chose this hotel because we were traveling with our dog. We usually stay at the Venetian or the Hotel at Mandalay Bay but neither accept pets. We were very pleasantly surprised by the Westin. The staff was friendly and professional and the check-in was efficient and welcoming. The room was clean, the beds terrific. The dog walking area is immaculate, supplied with disposal bags and a covered trash can, shaded and attractive. We would have liked more dining options but the hotel is small and would not support them. We will return, with or without our dog.	
Sep 5 2006	Quiet and clean	My husband and I celebrated my b-day this past weekend. Great time. When I walked into our room at the Westin Casuarina there was a balloon bouquet. What a great surprise! We booked a package through Southwest. Hotel was all non-smoking expect for the casino. Nice size room and bath. Bed was so soft. Shower had 2 heads and was great. Samller hotel and was quiet. Carpet was old and a new one is needed. Hotel is off the strip on Flamingo. Not to far of a walk to Flamingo Hotel.Worked out at the gym. A few cardio and weight machines and free wts. Only one hot tub and pool outside. Hot tub was nice but there were too many kids. I received a fruit tray from one of the staff members in honor of my b-day. Nice touch. It was a nice hotel and enjoyed the stay.	
Aug 28 2006 	Met My Expectations	I stayed here at the end of July during the WSOP initial weekend. Not too sure why some previous reviews were so harsh. I booked the room on priceline. Price was right.I arrived early morning and had to wait a couple of hours to get in my room. I did not expect to be able to check in at 9:30 am. The short walk to the strip is no problem, although it does go by a construction site littered with some &quot;personal services marketing material&quot;. It is a short walk to the monorail and the Bally's shuttle which runs to the Rio and Harrah's. I found the room to be clean and comfortable. No significant carpet stains and certainly no mold or mildew in the bathroom. The bed is great after a long day/night out.The on-site casino is small with a few table games and more slots. Not a bad place to end the night with a few dollars in the machines.I was in rooms at Rio, Luxor and Excaliber. While this room was a bit smaller, it was comparable to many rooms I say in while on business travel. Yes, I did see room service trays on the floor in the hallway, but never for extended periods. The carpets were in decent condition, not threadbare as some of the previous reviews would imply. I would expect them to be on the list for replacement soon.All in all I think that this is one of the best, off-strip options if you are budget conscience. A two block walk up the street and you are at the corner with Ceasars, Bally's, Flamingo and Bellagio.	
Aug 28 2006 	Clean and Comfortable	We booked last minute for a spontaneous getaway. Excalibur was $267, Flamingo was $309, and Venetian was $480 on Expedia and Westin was $195. We decided &quot;Westin&quot; comfort would be well worth the extra block away from the strip and the much lower price.The hotel seems clearly renovated from an older property. Room size and bathroom size isn't quite the same as your typical Westin. But I always love the Heavenly King bed and the shower was great. The hotel staff (especially the front desk) was outstanding, and it's really, really nice to find a smoke-free hotel in Las Vegas.The walk down Flamingo Rd. to the strip took less than 10 minutes.Plus, the Hibiscus Spa isn't the largest or grandest, but it is very clean, quiet, and comfortable. We got a couples massage and they were excellent. Definitely recommended.	
Aug 23 2006 	Always a Westin fan!	We loved our experience at the Westin in Las Vegas. We were pleasantly surprised to get the hotel through Priceline. We have always been big Westin fans ever since our honeymoon in Hawaii. This Westin definitely lived up to the chain's standards. The hotel is not big but it has nice rooms. We actually loved the fact that the hotel was not too big. We also stayed a night at the MGM Grand and couldn't wait to check out. Unlike most of the hotels in Vegas where you must walk through 20 minutes of a casino maze to get out, the Westin has a very small walk area through the casino and you are quickly on the streets. The hotel is in a great location, even though it is not directly on the strip. We had less than a 5 minute walk to be right in the heart of things. The hotel pool is smaller than most pools but it is very clean and welcoming. They have very pretty cabannas which are free of charge. The pool chairs have very nice cushions, which are a nice added touch.	
Aug 22 2006 	Totally Renovated?!! Don't get fooled. This is not Westin.	A very depressing hotel. How did Westin get to put their name on this run-down, old, smelly, no character hotel afterall? Have stayed at many Westin &amp; SPG properties, and this is a TWO Star at best. Depressing colors in rooms and public areas, Old &amp; worn out carpeting, old food stains on almost every textile in the room and outside. Westin should not fool its loyal guests with fresh towels and a Westin's heavenly mattress to call this a true Westin standard. This property is beyond renovation. It should be imploded and a new Westin should errect in its place. Wished we had stayed any of the major Casino hotels. This was the worst stay. I hope Westin people read these reviews. This is tarnishing Westin's reputation.	
Aug 21 2006 	I wouldn't stay here again...	I just returned from a 7 night stay at The Westin. I would really not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice, clean and convenient place to stay while in Las Vegas.The public areas of the hotel were very nice and well maintained. The small casino area was very nice and staffed with helpful attendants and cocktail servers -- this area allows smoking even though all other interior areas of The Westin are smoke-free. The casino employees could not have been nicer. It was also nice to have a Starbucks in the lobby. (They are in almost every hotel on The Strip.)Unfortunately, the rooms are very run down and in need of serious routine maintenance. For example: * There were large stains on the carpeting in the guest corridors. * There were large and small stains on the carpeting in my room. (White and red under the night stand which I discovered while plugging in the iron.)* There were frequently empty glasses and bottles on the floor in the corridors on a regular basis. These were eventually picked up but sometimes not for more than 5 or 6 hours.* The bathroom really left a lot to be desired. The floor was covered in grime and there was mold in the showers. * The pool is very small for a hotel of this size and by early morning there was no seating available.* In the pool area, the cushions on the lounge chairs are in serious need of some cleaning. They were covered in large stains. On the positive side, there were always lots of clean towels to cover the cushions with on-hand in the pool area.* One day, I went to the pool to find it roped off with yellow &quot;CAUTION&quot; tape. Not sure what was wrong with it that day. It was back in operation the next morning. The hotel bills “housekeeping gratuities” to your bill each day. I am not sure if this is standard practice in Las Vegas, but have not seen it in other areas.The hotel is located 1 and 1/2 blocks from The Strip as presented on their web site. The 1 and 1/2 block walk will take between 10 - 15 minutes and involves walking past an area where homeless people sleep. Be aware of this when walking at night. A positive was that the concierge and bell/luggage staff were extremely accommodating when I inquired about where I could purchase a cell phone charger that I had forgotten at home. They were able to locate one in the hotel and simply asked that I return it upon my departure. I have a couple photos I will try to post as soon as I can download them to the computer.Overall, I think for the price of The Westin you could definitely get more value, a cleaner room and be located on or closer to The Strip.	
