Oct 8 2009	Comfort Inn great place to stay	My daughter and I stayed at a Comfort Inn in Vegas instead of at one of the casino hotels. It was one of the best choices we made. They had in-room refridges, extra shampoo, continental breakfast, shuttle to and from the airport, plus to the casino's downtown. Rooms were very clean and sunny, (no pun intended). This hotel was so much better then the Borgata in Atlanic City N.J. AND they offered free in-room internet!!! Borgata you had to pay for that too.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good for Long Stay	Although we only stayed one night until our Strip hotel room became available, this hotel would be good for those who may want to save on meal cost by preparing some meals in the room during an extended stay. Our room included a two burner mini-stove, along with refrigerator and microwave. There's also pantry space. (See photo.)Although located way off the Strip, the Hard Rock is across the street and you an catch the HR shuttle to the Strip. Only one shuttle stop: just north of MGM, every half-hour.Rooms have exterior entrance. There is a computer with Internet access in the lobby for those without a laptop.Breakfast has the standard offerings for the Choice brands.	
May 25 2009 	Perfect if it's what you're looking for.	Admittedly, many casino hotels offer better rooms for less money. You also have to park far from your room, pay for internet and other services, wait on line for check-in, and be tempted by the casino at every moment. I come to Vegas often, and I've stayed in this hotel several times. It is clean, affordable, offers fast, free internet, and every room has it's own kitchenette. Plus, you can park right outside your room. It is across the street from the Hard Rock hotel, and provides easy access to the strip. If you don't have a car, do not stay here. But if you have a car and are looking for this type of place, you'll be very pleased.	
Apr 27 2009 	Very pleased	Was out for a conference and the host hotel was full. Comfort was about a half block away. We enjoyed being next door to the Hard Rock Cafe and Casino. We ate at each - good prices great food. The hotel is very well kept - very clean. The breakfast included waffles, fruit, cereals, lots of bakery, hard boiled eggs. Generous enough to keep you going most of the day. What a deal. Best part was our airport shuttle driver - Peter - who gave us some great tips - took us to and from the Strip. A great personality! The girls at the front desk were very nice and helpful too! This isn't a resort - the pool is small and like everything, its right under the airport path - but it is a great value and if you stay here, you can still go down to the strip and blow even more money.--	
Jan 27 2009 	great location	i came to las vegas for my son winter vac. and every hotel was booked , or the prices were to high , i was driving by and i saw comfort inn on paradise rd, it was a great location near UNLV, Hard Rock hotel , about one 1 mile from the Las Vegas strip. resturants near by with in walkiing distance, shuttle service was great, Front desk was amazing , rooms were very nice, and quiet,.. my trip was great and i will be returning to this hotel agian .	
Apr 18 2008 	You can do a lot better!!	I've got to knock this place down several notches. First, the front desk guys were rude and seemed to just wish we would go away upon checking in. Not just passively rude, extrovertedly rude and unprofessional (even by Comfort Inn standards, yes). The hotel is in a noisy, crummy spot. I could hear tons of loud cars and shouting from my first floor (outside corridor) room near Paradise Rd. I know it's Vegas, but the door to my room was very thin. As a solo girl traveler, I didn't feel that safe there. Room cleanliness was not great. They only had wired internet. Breakfast is bare bones and packed with people. I was really disappointed with this place since the other reviews on here made it sound fine. Right when you walk into the horribly outdated lobby, you'll know...if you make the mistake of thinking you can't afford anything else in Vegas. On the contrary, I later used Priceline.com (easy to use) to get a much much nicer room on the strip for less money than I paid to stay at the Comfort Inn. For even $80 you should be able to get a good room on the strip, if that's what you're looking for. You will probably enjoy that much, much more than this crummy Comfort Inn.	
Apr 17 2008	April 2008 Stay	We wanted a room for one-day as our plane was leaving that evening (1 am). All we were looking for was a reasonably-priced room (around $100) that was a decent location and also included a pool. We hit the jackpot here with the location (across from the Hard Rock) and there was a shuttle to bring you to the Strip (specific two places) and the airport. The rooms were fine and included a kitchenette. The pool was smaller than appeared online, but was fine although not heated. There were a few restaurants close-by to walk to.However, the shuttle is not consistent (reminds me of the Mexico trips) to the Strip. And, even though the site and the staff will tell you the shuttle goes to 11 pm, that's not the case. They informed us to be at the hotel by 10:30 for the airport shuttle. We arrived at 10;20 and the shuttle was already gone. One of the clerks, Robert, was rude and said you know how it goes. Would I stay here again? Yes, I would. Would I deal with Robert again, ABSOLUTELY NOT.	
Mar 26 2008 	Could have been better	After getting very bad directions I was finally able to find the hotel. I was surprised by the location. Very conveniently located across from UNLV and the Hard Rock Cafe. The pictures make it look really nice, but the rooms were a bit run down. They could use some updating. The beds could have been more comfortable. Very used rooms. They seemed to be pretty clean though. Very quiet.Stayed 1 night and that was enough. The breakfast was basic but enough was available. The room was small, so it got a bit over crowded and people were tripping on each other to get at the food.My son left his short and shirt. We called after leaving and had the hold it at the desk. We picked them up on our return, which surprise me that they actually found them! That was nice.	
Mar 6 2008 	Great hotel for location and cost	I stayed here in August 2007 and was very surprised because normally, I would stay in at least a 4 star hotel. Honestly when looking at this hotel online is not very appealing, however, when you actually see it in person, it really is not that bad. Granted it is not a new hotel by any means, but it is reasonable for what you pay per night. Breakfast here was served daily for free and was really good. The only thing that I did not care for was that the carpet in our room was really dirty, but again, we did not even notice this until our last day there. If you are looking for luxury of any type, this is not the hotel for you, however, if you want to go to Vegas and have more money in your pockets to gamble, have fun, see a couple of shows and do some shopping, this hotel will allow you to do all that. As for bugs and all that other negative stuff that people are saying, I did not experience any of that. As for the staff, everyone that was there for the week that we stayed there were professional, friendly and very helpful.	
Nov 3 2007 	aircraft spotter delight	Booked in for 3 nights last week at a very good rate and was happy with its location off the strip but close to the main casinos. The room was fine with 2 queen beds, fridge, TV and micro. We found a few things missing such as the coffee pot + batteries in TV remote and although it was 2200 the reception staff had replacements from another room within minutes. The drawback was being situated under the flightpath as from 0530 to 2300 there were aircraft every few minutes, which woke me up although handy on the last day as we had an early start! The pool was fine, for brits , the water was quite warm and clean, with many people congregating around it with beers each afternoon, but the kids and I enjoyed it. Comments about the lapdancing place next door seem way over the top, no noise or fuss from it. Breakfast was adequate, but only having one toaster in the kitchen for numerous guests was quite poor given the numbers staying at the hotel. Also it closed early for breakfast 0600-0900. Didn't use the shuttle to the strip, happy with self parking and a bit of a walk. Overall good for the price, but the early / late flights disturbs your sleep.	
Nov 3 2007 	Great budget accomodation	Great accomodation for the traveller on a budget.Room was clean, comfortable and fairly quiet (as someone's already said, the air conditioner drowned out any plane noise).Staff were helpful, friendly and efficient, courtesy bus was an absolute godsend, Paul the driver is a lovely guy full of help and advice for first-time visitors.Wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Comfort Inn to anyone.	
Jun 20 2007 	Budget alternative to Hard Rock	Stayed at this hotel for a Hard Rock Hotel vacation on a budget. For 3 nights we paid under $270. One (1) night a the Hard Rock was going for $200+This was the perfect situation for us. It is right across from the Hard Rock Hotel Casino. We just went across the street.... We had tickets for Bill Mahr at the Joint in the Hard Rock. We also did the Hard Rock pool for Sunday Rehab. It was very convenient - even though we weren't guests in that hotel.The Comfort Inn room was just fine. It was not plush by any means, but it was clean and we felt safe. The airport noise was not an issue because the air conditioner noise drowned it out. It was great to have a room in Vegas with an in-room coffee maker and refrigerator!	
Jun 17 2007 	Not Highly Recommended	Although this hotel is not too far from the strip (Las Vegas Boulevard) and McCarren Airport, you can generally get a comparable or better room on the strip for the same money. The room was a little outdated and worn. The staff was not bad, but could have been a little friendlier. We did not feel completely safe in the parking lot, either, as the area is somewhat seedy (there is a low-rent strip club next door). We were just looking for something close to the airport for one night, after traveling elsewhere, but I probably would not stay here again unless I got a good bargain. There are a couple of nice things, though, like the Hard Rock Casino being just across the street and the free shuttle service to the strip.	
May 15 2007 	What a let down	We went back to the Comfort Inn having stayed last year. This year we were very very disapointed. We stayed for 16 days - never again. The Room carpets were filthy our feet were black after walking on them with no shoes. The pool was a aboslute disgrace, I complained to the manager and shamed him into inspecting the pool with me, this was a waste of time as nothing was done, they advertised a heated pool and it was absolutley freezing, the staff argued with me telling me it was not cold - I was the fool in the water. I would advise any one thinking of staying longer than a few days to look else where. I complained to the head office who replied to me basicley telling me tough its a franchise and there was not much they could do. Well I know what I can do - not go there ever again.	
Apr 23 2007 	Liked it	Liked it Neat and clean with a courteous but efficient staff that had me checked into the hotel in two minutes, I was attending a show at the Thomas &amp; Mack Center, to which I could walk to, and miss all the traffic. Close to everything, however maybe to close to the airport, but so is many other downtown hotels at three times the price. Enjoyed my stay, and liked the refrigerator and microwave in the room.	
Mar 31 2007 	Great Stay @ the Comfort Inn	I'm almost packed and ready to leave. This is my 5th trip here and 1st time in the Comfort Inn. When I arrived in town and drove by, I laughed and just shook my head. I was laughing at how cheap the company I work for was. It's a motel type setting with the doors on the outside. So, I checked in, got my key, went to my room and was surprised. Sure, it's a small room, but it has 2 beds, a mini coil burner range, a mini fridge, a huge selection of cable channels, free dsl (bring your own cable OR borrow on of theirs!), a place to hang your clothes and a decent shower. Other than a minor problem with my key, this stay has been great. I'm not here to stay in a hotel room all day so I wouldn't notice anything other than the obvious. There are planes flying overhead every 7 minutes when the planes are routed on a certain runway. Wow, other than that, everything was great. Can't say enough about it. If you look at other reviews (complaints), there are NO ants, I'm not wearing socks, the staff was above average and well, that's it. Next time I'm in town, I'm going to ask to stay here. Look, I've been in $165 night rooms here in Vegas and I'm happier here. If you PLAN on coming to Vegas and STAYING in your room, maybe this place isn't for you. But for BUSINESS travelers who aren't in their room, this place rocks! Free DSL that's running at 1.5+!!! For me, this location is great. I can get to everywhere I need to be within 30 minutes!	
Mar 16 2007 	Uncomfort Inn	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The front desk is extremely rude and unhelpful. The carpet is extremely dirty, and we had ants in the room. We stayed three days total, and our room was not cleaned even once. I would suggest spending the night at the strip club next door to the hotel rather than staying at this hotel.	
Nov 27 2006 	Not Bad..	We stayed at the Comfort Inn during our stay at Vegas. It wasn't as bad as I expected. It is off strip, so we had to rely on the shuttle to take us to the strip, or take a cab. The hotel itself was clean and pretty well-maintained. It is next to a strip club, but it wasn't that bad. My only complaint was the shuttle service. It took forever and the door on the van was broke. Hopefully they have it fixed by now.	
Nov 24 2006	good wake up call	We stayed at The Comfort Inn in November for 4 nights. The bed was so large I wasn't sure if my husband was there half the time, and being Vegas maybe he wasn't.The rooms were comfortable with a little kitchenette and coffee maker.Good wake up call, planes landing from about 6 am,flying directly overhead. After a few days though we really didn't notice them.There was a shuttle to and from take you to the strip all day. This was needed as it was along walk to the strip and there is a lot of building work going on so pavements uneven.The drivers were great. If you need to get to the strip quicker, walk ove rto the Hard Rock hotel and get a taxi.Breakfast was a bit of a scramble for the one toaster, so lot of queueing and it was basic.I read somone else's review that there were perverts and drunks about, they must have been unlucky. It was very quiet, security guards on patrol at night. There was no noise or problem with the 'stripclub' next door. Actually I never saw anyone going in even!If you like shopping there is a nice shopping mall about 20/30 mins walk on maryland parkway. It is lovely and quiet there, with Macys, JCPenny and Sears plus little shops.Not a bad place to stay on a budget.	
Oct 21 2006 	Great Location No Problems Here	I am a Choice Hotel member and decided randomly to vacation in Las Vegas for a week. I looked for a hotel that was centrally located to the show (Phantom of the Opera) that I wanted to see, and was close to the airport and the strip, which I had never been to. There were no major problems, other than the wake up call not coming in one day, but after we mentioned it to the front desk staff, they were very good after that. It is unfortunate that the shuttle to the airport and the strip only runs until 10:30 p.m., since Vegas is open all night, and we got in to the airport after 10:30 p.m., but the taxi was reasonable, even if the exit from the airport was confusing. MGM is the only drop-off on the strip, but we used the monorail and got very used to coming and going on our own. We were across the street from the Hard Rock Casino and Motel, so we tried to end up there every night and walked across the street to our hotel at the end of the evening (morning). It did seem a bit strange that our hotel was next to an adult club, but we have a great room and a great stay, and couldn't have asked for much more, considering the very reasonable rate we paid and the fact that we were there for 8 days. We became very familiar with the shuttle drivers, who were excellent.	
Oct 10 2006	Worst place on our vacation	My husband and I just returned to Ohio after a three-week tour of the southwest. Of all the hotels we stayed at, the Las Vegas Comfort Inn at 4350 Paradise Road was the worse one of all. The carpet was so dirty that after walking over it once in bare feet or socks, the bottom your feet were black--literally. After talking a shower, if you stepped on the carpet you tracked black footsteps onto the tile bathroom floor. Finally my husband layed down a path of towels to walk on around the room. There were also stains on the chairs that looked suspiciously like human ejaculation--nasty. If it wasn't for the fact that this was a last minute booking and everything else in town was full--we would have found something else. When checking out, I told the clerk about he horrid conditions and he replied that they ALREADY knew about the problem and that we were not the first to complain--and, they knew some of the rooms should have the carpet cleaned. He seemed very unsympathetic and unconcerned. A very unpleasant end to an otherwise great vacation.	
Sep 23 2006 	Discomfort Inn	If you are traveling on government business you must bring a letter stating it. I was not advised by the Comfort Inn 800 number reservations that I needed this letter, so I got ripped off paying double my confirmed rate. I'm fighting with Comfort Inn's customer service and the hotel. One bounces me back to the other.About the hotel: When I checked in the front desk man was drunk and rude. I had a confirmed King Non Smoking on the first floor and was given a tacky room with 2 double beds. One bed was caved in and the other felt like hard cardboard. The hotel is next to a strip club! It is unsafe to walk at night outside your room. It is motel style and there are drunken perverts roaming around the parking lot outisde your room. The soda vending machines eat your money and the front desk says too bad.  Discomfort Inn best describes this tacky hotel room. It makes Motel 6 look like the Four Seasons. I've stayed in hundreds of hotels and: Trust me: this one should be converted into a rent by the hour adjunct to that Pink Pussy Cat Strip Club next door. No need to change the front desk--they'll fit in perfectly. There are many better choices in Las Vegas, even on a Saturday night. It may serve you better looking for a place downtown, such as Fitzgeralds. You get clean and friendly there!	
Sep 1 2006 	This room was a haven	I loved this hotel, the staff was so helpful, the best I had ever experienced. I actually gave them a small gift when I checked out. The room looked nice, very clean, furniture and decorations were above average, nice colors, and it had a little kitchen area. The outside (which first attttracted me), looked very clean and quaint, I remember flowers. They had a breakfast room, where I got some fruit and a bagel on the go. Everything was nice, I loved my room, and felt very safe and secure.	
Jun 2 2006	Wear your socks!	This motel was okay if your in a pinch or get a really good deal on the room. The exterior is freshly painted and clean looking, seemed to be in a nice, safe part of town (except for the exotic dancer place next door, but hey maybe your into that). Anyways, I stayed 2 nights and it seemed like an okay place until you look at your socks the next morning. They were filthy from the dirty carpet. It really grossed us out. Other than that it was okay. The breakfast room was really small and full of people so we passed on our free breakfast. The bathroom was clean. We payed about $80 bucks to stay there which was too much for this motel for another $20 bucks you could have stayed at a much nicer hotel and not have ruined your socks!!!	
Mar 4 2006	only okay	got a decent rate over the internet, and was happy about the free shuttle to/from the airport. after calling, waited about 45min for pick up. room was fine, had a small kitchenette with fridge/micro/stove top. could hear neighbors talking/water and the airplanes flying overhead during the day reminded me of what bombers must sound like. getting back and for to the strip is a challenge at night- just take a cab. during the day the complimentary shuttle to the strip depended on when they came back from their previous trip, so we crossed over to hard rock hotel and took their shuttle to the strip (a lot more options of places to be dropped off at- and a lot more reliable. the shuttle driver shared GREAT information with us, like the 1/2 off ticket booths). the real problem with the hotel came afterwards, when we realized we'd left a watch in one of the drawers in the room. we called to ask them to go check for it (knowing it probably wasn't still there) and got completely RUDE employees who were unwilling to even check and hung up on us. next time i'll find a deal on the strip. less hassle, less noise.	
Jan 24 2006	Okay...best part was limo	This place is three blocks off the strip. Easy walk to Hard Rock. Limo available virtually any time you want it for free ride to the strip. Decent pool. Has restaurant but I wouldn't eat there. Did have one okay breakfast. Hotel was very, very empty. Of course, was there in July when it was over 100 degrees every day.	
Oct 2 2005	Small breakfast room	Stayed at Comfort Inn and had a wonderful stay. Room was clean, comfortable. Had a mini kitchenette, iron, hair dryer. Took shuttle to the strip. When I called for a return shuttle from the MGM it was prompt in getting to us...........only about a 15 minute wait. Staff was friendly at check-in and check-out. Only real problem with this Inn is the continental breakfast. Only had seating for 10 people in a small room. Far too small a room for such a large Inn. Continental breakfast had too little choices. Just a couple cold cereals, instant oatmeal, package danish, english muffins and bagels. One toaster and a long wait to get to the toaster if you want to toast your bagel or english muffin. Close to airport and rental car companies. Close to the strip.	
Sep 28 2005	The rotten apple in the Comfort Inn basket	Let me start by saying we truly are not picky people. But I was extremely disappointed in this hotel, especially being a Comfort Inn. Maybe we just hit the clerk on an off night, maybe the hotel was full, I don't know, but our room was pitiful. All things being relative, this hotel was too expensive for such sub-standard accomodations and service.The hotel has a LOT of rooms, but ours was right by the road and the noise level was ridiculous (Friday night). The room was run down, poorly cleaned and smelled musty. I would have gone back and asked for another room, but it was very late when our flight got in, we were beat and we were flying out the next morning, so I let it go. Really the only redeeming factors were the king size bed, microwave and fridge. Since there is no restaurant on the premise we ended up walking down the block to the drug store and bought refrigerated sandwiches for supper. (Of course, had to walk past the strip joint next door to the hotel, which blasts music and a &quot;play-by-play&quot; commentary over a loudspeaker outdoors.) Even the free breakfast was a disappointment. It was located in one of the regular size hotel rooms, so it was crowded and had very few items to choose from. Every employee we encountered had a &quot;so what&quot; attitude. Even my laid back, get-along-with-everyone husband noticed.They did offer a free shuttle to and from the airport, but the van was in such poor condition, I was a little hesitant to ride in it.In all honesty I must say I booked this hotel by mistake. We spent a week in Vegas two years ago and stayed at the AmeriSuites just down the street. It was a wonderful hotel and we thoroughly enjoyed our time there. I had forgotten it was AmeriSuites and thought that's where I was booking us again. I really, truly wished I had. Before this experience, I would've hands down recommend Comfort Inn hotels to anyone...in fact, that's our first choice in hotels. I guess there's an exception to everything, because I wouldn't recommend this Comfort Inn to anyone, even if it were free.	
Sep 16 2005	good hotel off the strip	stayed here Aug 27 and 28, 05. The staff was very nice and eager to help out if needed. The shuttle bus goes to the MGM Grand for visiting the strip. They offer a continental breakfast which was very nice, no charge for guests. The rates were very good, a fraction of what is offered on the strip. We also got excellent directions from the desk clerk!!! always a plus...The Hard Rock Hotel is across the street so you can't get lost..Save your money for the other good stuff stay off strip!!	
Sep 5 2005	enjoyable stay	we enjoyed our stay at this hotel ,it was clean and comfortable. The pool was small but was never crowded. Although breakfast was provided it did run out of food and this was not replenished, so on our last day there was none. The free shuttle to the airport and strip was good but the last one home from the strip was too early and we had to walk 45minutes back several times before we worked out a bus route.	
Feb 25 2005	Nothing wrong with the Comfort Inn	The Comfort Inn is part of Choice Hotels, a collection of generally modestly priced lodgings. This particular Comfort Inn might be relatively new, but like most Choice Hotels, it is not now nor will it ever be luxurious. I have stayed at this Comfort Inn a few times. Yes, it is off the Strip, but within a comfortable walking distance for a relatively active person...but even if you're not inclined to walk, there is a public bus to the Strip nearby. And it's right across the street from the Hard Rock...but without the Hard Rock high prices. For the money it's not that bad...fairly reasonable rates, relatively quiet, clean and comfortable. Some reviewers said they had problems with ants -- both times I stayed there, I didn't see any pests. All in all the accomodations are pretty much what you pay for. If you want fancy, stay at the Hard Rock for $300 per night or on the Strip. If you're not that picky, stay at the Comfort Inn.	
Oct 25 2004	Loved It But Was Charged Twice!!!	The place was wonderful...clean clean clean! You could hear planes landing all night and day but you get used to it...it's worth it for the price. The only horrible thing is that they charged my credit card after I already paid cash so now I am left with NO MONEY in my checking account until &quot;in four or five days we can refund your money Mam&quot;. This occurred after I asked to make sure that this would not happen when they wanted my card to secure the room! Why can't hotels get this right?????	
Sep 23 2004	Bad Experience		
Aug 22 2004	A nice place close to the action		
Aug 18 2004	Comfort on a budget		
Jul 22 2004	Ok		
Jun 22 2004	Very pleased with this hotel		
Apr 27 2004	Mostly OK But....		
Apr 10 2004	good value for money		
Jan 23 2004	Nice room and good value		
Nov 17 2003	great location and value offstrip		
Mar 10 2003	A pleasant surprise		
Aug 21 2008	Du bruit ...		
Sep 6 2007 	Hotel Sympa		
