	Away from the strip	Being a travel agent, and staying in a lot of hotels, I would highly recommend this hotel if you don't mind being off the strip, or in a hotel with no casino and mile long lobby to walk through just to get to the elevator and up to your room, this is the perfect place! The decor is refreshing and modern. The buffet breakfast was one of the best I have ever experienced. You get hot scrambled eggs, with sausage patties and english muffins to make your own breakfast sandwich. You also get waffles, cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, juices, etc... The breakfast area is big, and spacious. The rooms are beautiful and I love how it has it's own office area, with a couch in all standard rooms. Microwave and fridge provided as well, which is rare for Vegas, as most places don't have that, and if they do, they stuff it full of things, and charge you for anything you touch or remove (even if you don't eat it!). The monorail is across the street at the Hilton. It's about 5 mins to walk to, and costs about $15USD for a 24hr pass. It is way worth it if you want to get to the south end of the strip, or middle of it. The only complaint I had was that the hotel was only 2 weeks old and already have slacker maids working there. We opened the toilet, and it didn't look clean, with a poo spot in the bowl and dried out pee on the rim. That was about it though. There is no real view of the strip, no matter what room you stay in. We requested a strip view room, and received one, but it was facing a condo building, just because of the location. I hope this isn't a big deal. No real access to restaurants to the hotel either would be a downer. Luckily, the hotel has &quot;Lean cuisines&quot; and other types of food in the lobby area to purchase if you're hungry. Free internet access in the lobby as well, which worked out perfectly for checking into your flights before departure. I hope this info helps!	
	Hip SHS with a few annoyances	This property is a great example of how Marriott is trying to become more &quot;hip&quot; to attract a new generation of guests. In many ways the styling works, but in some ways you have to wonder how the designers manage to pull the wool over everyone's eyes.This SpringHill Suites is a 22-story single-wing tower with about 14 stories of rooms placed above an 8-story parking garage and the lobby. In no way does this property resemble the &quot;typical&quot; SHS from Marriott - room interiors are very much in the current W/Aloft/Element hip-trendy-loft-residential style. Predominant colors are brown, robin's egg blue, and a somewhat sickly seafoam green that already feels dated. There is virtually nothing other than 90-degree angles in the room as evidently the &quot;rule&quot; is that a loft-style apartment contains no circles, triangles or ovals.Bathrooms are just downright odd. My room xx02 had the bathroom split into two long rectangles, each with their own slider/pocket door vaguely reminiscent of barn sliders. Each was aluminum with a frosted glass insert. This isn't bad for Rectangle 1, which includes the sink and shower; but for Rectangle 2, which is the toilet/water closet with a tiny cruise-ship style corner sink, I would be a bit disconcerted if I was sharing the room and needed to sit on the pot separated from the main room only by a frosted glass floor-to-ceiling panel.The room continues the SHS tradition of being a &quot;faux&quot; suite - the bedroom area doesn't close off but instead is semi-separate from the living area. This suite is larger than more traditional SHS rooms, and the sofa sectional is a smaller version of the wildly popular Hyatt Place sectional. Alas, the LG TV in the room is only 37&quot; instead of Hyatt Place's 42&quot; behemoth - and you get only about six true HD channels, including ESPN, ESPN2, Discovery, HGTV, and HDNet. (Hyatt Place wisely includes local network channels in digital; Marriott has a very hard time joining the 21st Century on this.)Best views are going to be to the south, so ask for an odd-numbered room if you prefer a vista featuring Wynn/Encore, some of Paris, and Strip points south. Even-numbered rooms will look out over the carcass of the uncompleted Fountainbleau and portions of the Riveria - not exciting unless you like seeing the Stratosphere tower. My xx02 room is an end unit, and windows on these rooms face the giant Hilton sign - but if you ignore that (!), you do get some nice desert/mountain vistas. Noise from Paradise Road was surprisingly muted, and since only xx02 rooms face that way, I'm guessing traffic noise is insubstantial in most rooms.Breakfast in the morning is as boringly SHS as can be, although there appears to be plenty of room for everyone. You'll feel like you're eating your liquid scrambled eggs and mini-Yoplaits in a nightclub after closing, but you'll be able to find a table.You can walk across the street to the Hilton and take the monorail to the Strip. The only inconvenient Strip venues are Wynn/Encore, which will entail some significant walking.Overall, this SHS gets props for being new and at least trying to be stylish. I'm afraid it will seem all so dated in just a few years, so stay here now while you can. My AAA $99 rate was just about the right value, but I see the property is trying to push the $200 level for some weekends - at that rate, you might as well stay right on the Strip.	
Nov 20 2009 	Perfect for Convention Center business	Had a trade show at LV Convention Center and this brand new SpringHill Suites was extremely convenient. It was 3-5 minute walk to the LV Convention Center (just think of how much taxi fare and/or wating in bus lines you will save).Very nicely appointed lobby area with plenty of tables/chairs for the expanded free breakfast. You ARE NOT cramped and do not feel rushed eating breakfast. Lots of hot items: scrambled eggs, sausage/canadian bacon, oatmeal, waffles, delicious muffins and cinnamon rolls. Very attentive staff to keep tables cleaned off.Front desk personnel attended to all our needs with a smile and hospitality. Pretty good business center (although the 3 computers were a tad slow) with printer. WiFi in the rooms worked great.We had a room on 20th floor. Must have room key to operate elevator, which is a nice security feature. Very spacious room with sofa/sleeper, 2 Queen beds, flat-screen TV, mini fridge, microwave, roomy desk area for business. Well-designed bathroom with 2 separate areas: one has commode and sink; other has tub/shower and sink. Both rooms have sliding doors to give privacy from rest of room.Location is ideal. Cab ride from airport was about $15. Cab ride to Freemont Street was $12-$15. You can walk to LV Hilton, Greek Isles, Riveria, Circus Circus, Treasure Island for lots of gaming action or eats. Also walk to nearby Walgreens or 7/11 for snacks. It's a close walk to Monorail (in front of Hilton or LV Convention Center) so you can quickly get to all the highlights on the Strip.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great all Suite Property	Hotel is only 3 weeks old, and not like your traditional other Marrriott Springhill suites....quite a surprise, and MUCH better! Rooms are extra spacious including a separate area with a lounge couch and well lit desk for business work. The room has a fridge and microwave, two separate bathrooms, one with a sink and toilet, the other with a sink and floor to ceiling tiled shower. Great for large families, or a bunch of girls trying to get ready for a night on the town. Great views of the strip and the Wynn were seen from our room 2107, ans we slept well. Room was very quiet. There is a heated pool on the 24th floor with a waterfall and an outdoor fire pit. Great place for pre-drinks at night before hitting the strip and great views! A hottub would be another great added touch in the future. Staff very friendly! The fitness center was very well appointed. There are free weights, leg lift machines, towels, etc. The only thing that was missing was a drinking fountain of some sort, and maybe complimentary headsets if you forgot your own. Breakfast was a step up from other Springhills, with hot items such as eggs, waffles and sausage. Rates are very good, free parking, and I will stay here again on future family trips.	
Nov 10 2009 	Very nice stay	This hotel is new. Very nice rooms and large. We had a room with 2 beds it also had a sofa, table for laptop, nice flat screen tv, small fridge and microwave. We stay 3 nights so it was perfect. Breakfast they serve for free is good and enough to choose from to get filled up, even have eggs and sausage along with cereal, waffles, bagels, fruit and yogart.It is right across the street from Hilton if you wish to play gamble and also the Hilton has a GREAT buffett well worth it just to walk across the street then to head to strip you pay more PLUS the Hilton Buffett dinner even came with complimentary wine and beer.It took us 20 minutes to walk from our place to Harrahs- mid strip so not far at all.I would stay here again no problem at all!	
