	Great stay	This was our 4th trip to Vegas, but the 1st stay at the Mirage. It won't be the last. The bed was just heaven. The bathroom was a little small by American standards. But that was the only complaint. Give the BLT a wide berth, the Deli is the better option. Liked the fact they have security on the Lifts at night, some other hotels have done away with this. The location on the strip is great, much cleaner up this end, and a lot less hassle. Enjoy a great stay at the Mirage without any fears.	
	Mostly good	Stayed here the last 3nights of a 5 day stay, first 2 nights were at the Four Queens so obviously the rooms were a definite improvement, hotel is very large but in no time it is very easy to find your way around. Definetely use the bell-hop to take your bags to your room, it is quite a hike from the lobby plus you have to go through the casino. BB Kings just opened and was very good. Store by the room elevators Very pricey,$6.59for a large bag of chips...stock up before you get there if you want munchies.Pool area very nice. Secret Garden well worth the time, dolphins are amazing, purchased the photo they take of you on entry for $23.00,seemed like a good souvenier at the time but it got shoved in a drawer the first day back. Love is excellent.	
	Absolutely Wonderful Experience	My husband and I travel to Las Vegas once or twice a year. We had the opportunity to stay at the Mirage for the first time ever and was absolutely pleased with our stay. The rooms have been recently renovated and are beautifully outfitted with a large flat screen tv, a docking station for your ipod, iphone or mp3 player, a work station that seemed wired for just about anything, guest robes, a safe and a minibar. We were lucky in that we booked our visit before the $15 resort fee was started so the cardio center and other amenities were free for us. My husband absolutely enjoyed the spa facilities at the Mirage. The use of the sauna, full gym, jacuzzi tubs and the related amenties were well worth the 3 day package for $35. The BB King Blues Club was a fun additional to the Mirage. The food was wonderful and the live bands were awesome. Check-in was smooth. We arrived at about 4:00 and got a room right away. The room type we wanted, King - No Smoking, wasn't available on a high floor so we went with the Queen - No smoking and was pleasantly upgraded to a strip view room close to the elevators! Every staff member we encountered was helpful and friendly with the exception of one person at the Players Club counter.	
	Mirage is not a gamble!	We traveled to Vegas with my parents whom are 79 &amp; 83 yrs young. We wanted a &quot;central&quot; location, nice accomodation...a solid 4 star and this is what we received at the Mirage. Everything was very good from the rooms (we booked a deluxe view) which were recently updated..to the food (parents loved the buffet)to entertainment and services. Nice casino also if you gamble slots near the tropical area it is bright and the air flow very nice - does not feel at all like a smokey casino.....Only complaint is we arrived around noon and had to wait for 4:00 pm for ck in..rooms were not ready early as we had hoped. I would be happy to return to this hotel and recommend it!	
	Fun in the Sun	beautiful room, good service, great shows, good food &amp; great pools!!!	
	All right but there are better in vegas	We had reserved a King non smoking room with strip view, but when we arrived all they had left were king smoking or two queen beds non smoking. We took the two queens. The room is very modern, the TV is a large flat screen, and the beds (even if they were queens) were extremely comfortable. One great thing is that there was a fairly large safe in the room. The pool area is large and beautiful (unfortunately the temp was only in the high 50's F when we were there so we did not get to use the pool) .The cleaning staff did a great job. The room was spotless. We never saw them but they always came and did a wonderful job.When playing with the TV I noticed you could check your hotel bill. When I did I saw a charge for $30 for taking items from the fridge. Since we had not even opened the fridge I complained and they took the amount off my bill. So make sure you look at your bill.One of the only negatives about the room is that the door was not very soundproof. We could hear everything going on in the hallways. Another issue is that though the rooms have wi fi, there is a $15 charge for 24 hours use.Perhaps the biggest negative about the hotel itself is the casino. It is getting old. There is a distinct smell of smoke that you do not get at the other hotels, and the feel is darker and less appealing. We ate at the Buffet for breakfast. It is rather plain, which is not acceptable for the price you pay. We also ate at their steak restaurant named Stacks. It is expensive but I had the best steak I have ever eaten. You could cut it with a fork. Highly recommended. As for entertainment, if you have the chance see the Beatles Love. It is a fantastic experience. The performance is less acrobatics and more dance than is normal for Cirque. The dancing and Beatles music is just magic.To sum up there is nothing terribly wrong with the MIrage but next time I think we will try another Hotel.	
	Exceeded Expectations	A great hotel in the best location bang in the middle of the strip. Check in was simple &amp; only had to wait about 5 mins. Our room was on the 19th floor and there are different sets of lifts for different areas of the hotel so only had to wait seconds for lift to come. Our room (room 103) was really spacious with a massive flat sceen TV (not that you have time to watch it!) &amp; a massive Queen Size bed that I didn't even realize I was sharing with anyone it was that big! Bathroom was nice &amp; shower was adequate. Room &amp; Hotel were spotlessly clean &amp; bed made daily. DO NOT RING THE UK FROM YOUR ROOM PHONE!! We rung home a couple of times and without realising it cost us $20.00 per minute!! Yes 20 dollars per minute! Outrageous &amp; no where in the room did it list how much phone calls were. The Carniage Deli in the hotel was great for breakfast &amp; cakes as was 'Cravings' Buffet &amp; good value for money. The Beatle 'Love' show was well worth seeing too. The Pool is the best &amp; very clean &amp; warm (we went in Nov) This was our first trip to Vegas &amp; after visiting most of the other hotels during our stay, this was one of the best, although I did like the look of the MGM &amp; would stay there next time for a change. All in all you won't be disapointed if you stay here - just don't use the room phone!	
Nov 24 2009 	Good experience at the Mirage	We are frequent visitors to Vegas and decided to try the Mirage this time around. The location is ideal for visiting many of the other major hotels and it's close to the &quot;middle&quot; of the strip. The free tram to Treasure Island is also a plus. Check-in was quick and efficient, and the overall service of the staff was excellent. We had no difficulty getting a non-smoking room and we were pleased with the newly renovated room. The main area was large, but the bathroom was small for Vegas standards. The shower/tub combination was roomy with a curved shower curtain bar, but the showerhead was a bit dated. The modern touches in the room were nice, but I got the overall impression that cheaper materials were used in construction compared to other Vegas hotels we've visited. The bed was very comfortable and the flatscreen TV was nice, including a few HD channels.The soundproofing in the rooms wasn't the best, and we could hear quite a bit of activity in the hallways. Maid service was good overall, but without any special touches.We liked the fact that the casino was smaller than others and manageable as far as getting around and staying oriented. As far as food, we had the buffet (Cravings) for breakfast a couple of days, which was average, and the Carnegie Deli was good for huge sandwiches, and they have a take-out window.The Mirage is a good option for anyone staying in Vegas. As an aside, you are able to rent a mobility scooter at the hotel if you have special needs.	
Nov 23 2009 	Fine but had just stayed at the Bellagio...so my standard was high	The mod style room was fine, but I litterally had just stayed at the Bellagio for 4 nights, so when I saw the bathroom...it was a letdown. I tried to check in early, but they were not very accomdating. I had a 16th floor room...looking at the Cesaers. I missed the quieter casino...with less smoke at the Bellagio...but overall, Mirage is fine- it is just not the Bellagio.	
Nov 22 2009 	Good Location Nice Rooms	We planned to make a trip to Vegas around Halloween and were searching for a decent room at a good price. After some searching we decided to stay at the Mirage at about $90/nt including the weekend.The casino was quite busy when we arrived. We arrived at about 1:00 PM and were happy to see that are rooms were ready. We needed two rooms, but couldn't get connecting rooms, but they managed to have only one room between us. It was a bit of a trek from the front desk to the elevators, but we got used to it by end of the trip.The rooms were quite nice, the decor was quite modern and you can definitely see that they renovated the rooms. The beds were quite comfortable and there was plenty of drawer space for our clothes. We checked the TV and were surprised for once that the HDTV's actually had HD channels. We didn't watch much TV, but none the less that was a nice surprise when you consider other hotels don't have any HD Channels. The washrooms are about average size. There is only one sink and their is adequate room on both sides for all the toiletries that we brought. The soaps and shampoos provided were from Gilcrest &amp; Soames. They had a nice scent and they were replaced daily.There was also a room safe and a bar fridge in the room. The safe will fit a laptop if you have one, but you will have to put it on it's side, so be careful when you open it. The bar fridge was quite stocked up with the usual drinks and foods (all priced above normal) along with some other products including cosmetics, shaving needs and even condoms.The staff was friendly whenever we encountered them and our rooms were always clean when we came back to the room. If you have the opportunity, you should definitely try to catch LOVE. We managed to get our tickets at 50% off for the promotion that they had that weekend and caught the show on Halloween. It was one of the best shows we have seen in Vegas in quite some time.Location wise, it was perfect and it was a nice hub to walk between all the other casinos and shops on the Strip. It was hopping on the strip on Halloween and the costumes were quite plentiful (myself included). I was the Oriental Elvis, if you happened to spot me.The slots at the Casino weren't great at the beginning of our stay, but the last day there I managed to recoup almost all of my losses. It was nice to leave with more than $20 in my pocket at the end of my stay.We had only one meal at the Casino and it was the final morning at the Buffet. It was a little better than most of the breakfast buffets we've had in the past. The price of food in general at most restaurants appeared to ride on the high side of medium, but it didn't appear to be super expensive.Overall, we quite enjoyed our stay and are definitely considering coming back. We didn't want to feel that we were entitled like some other people and I feel that if you treat the staff with a smile and are polite, they will always reciprocate. It worked and we felt quite welcome.	
Nov 21 2009 	Loved the Mirage	The rates at the Mirage are VERY competitive for the luxury you are receiving! The rooms are newly renovated and now have a very modern, sexy vibe. Conveniently located mid-Strip, with great views of the entire Strip. The staff is friendly and informative, although we stood in long lines when checking in and out. Great pool area!	
Nov 20 2009 	Excellent locationvery helpful staff and fantastic views of The Strip and mountains from bedroom .	Arrived on 11/11/09 Quick and easy check in.iasked if there was any chance of an up grade to a room with view of The Strip,no problem at all girl on desk rang housekeeping to see if a certain was was ready ,which it was .So we had a room on the 16th floor over looking the volcano and the strip Fantastic .We had a couple of meals at Cravings buffet resturant and also the deli no complaints about the food or service at either.We had already booked tickets for acouple of day trips and something called a Power Pass which gets you into lots of attractions free or at a reduced rate ,we found this was well worth the money,and bought it on line before going .We flew direct from Manchester to LV with Thomas Cook, again good flights and very friendly and helpful cabin crew.Seats in the premium cabin nice and roomy ,no problems with the meals {i,m a vege}.The whole holiday was just unforgetable from start to finish,so now all ive got to do is start saving to go back again ,in the none to distant future i hope .	
Nov 20 2009	Great Location	This hotel has an excellent central location on the strip. Ideal for walking the strip. We had a strip view room overlooking the volcano, which was great to watch from above!The room was a decent size with 2 queen beds and a table and 2 chairs. The bathroom however was extremely smalll. It decor has been modernised but seemed to lack something.The pool was very nice although I would have liked the water to have been a bit warmer!Decently priced hotel though for Vegas. Would stay here again due to location and pool.	
Nov 20 2009 	nice little getaway	We booked this hotel because we were traveling with friends and this is where they were all staying. From the moment we drove up to the valet to the time we drove away the staff throughout the hotel and casino were friendly. Our room was on the 9th floor overlooking the pool and garden area. It was a deluxe room and was recently re-done. It was clean and the bed was comfortable. The pillows were a little flat for my liking but I was still able to sleep well. All the usual amenities were there such as soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and hair dryer (not one of the usual crappy white hotel ones either) There are no refrigerators in the rooms but they are available for $15/day if you request it. There is a stocked mini-bar but I found out the hard way that if you so much as take an item out to look at it you'll be charged even if you put it right back. The front desk was nice enough about taking it off the bill. There are a few restaurants inside the Mirage. The only ones we ate at were the Carnegie Deli for breakfast (good food but slow service) and Onda (good Italian food, pricey compared to where I come from but average for Vegas, service was good) Some of our friends ate at California Pizza Kitchen and BB King and I didn't hear any complaints. It was a little chilly this time of year so we weren't able to enjoy the pool although it did look nice. We didn't go into the Secret Garden or Dolphin Habitat but that's where the white tigers are. There is internet in each room and I don't remember the rate but I thought it too much just to check our e-mail but at least it's there if you need it. There is a little business service center back near the meeting rooms where you can print your flight bording passes for free. There's also a computer room where you can go on-line and print from that charges you. But if it's just bording passes you need you can do it free. The Mirage has free parking and free valet. We found the valet very convienient. It's a decent walk from the parking garage just to get back into the lobby of the hotel. We just tipped the valet $2 each time. We didn't drive much so it was worth the money. There are liquor stores, drug stores and fast food joints on pretty much every corner. If you forgot something I would check at the Walgreens right across the street before buying it in the hotel's store. You are able to walk in public with open containers. The Mirage is pretty centrally located and is only a &quot;short&quot; walk to many of the other popular resorts. I say &quot;short&quot; because the resorts are pretty vast in size so the next place down the street could be farther than it looks. Definately wear comforatble shoes. As far as restaurants other than what's in the Mirage we tried a few. One of the best places we ate was Roy's Hawaiian Fustion near the Flamingo. They have great steak and seafood also very good desert. Grotto in the Golden Nugget had good Italian. Nine Fine Irishmen in New York, New York has great belly filling food such as shepherd's pie, burgers, fish &amp; chips. We took a tour of the Grand Canyon with Sundance Helicopters.They pick you up and drop you off at your hotel in a stretch limo. I highly recommend the champagne picnic tour. We flew over the Hoover Dam and Lake Mead and landed in the canyon for our picnic. It was great to see the landscape from the helicopter. On the way back we flew through the Strip past all the resorts. It was worth every penny. We drove to Red Rock Canyon one day. There is a spot in the sandstone quarry where you can climb to the top of Calico Tanks and see all of Las Vegas and just breath taking views. The drive to the canyon was only about 20 mins. The hike/climb was listed as moderate, however if you have any difficulties climbing stairs you may have trouble with this. Otherwise it's great.Oh, one after thought about the room itself; the doors slam easily. We made a point to not slam our door when it closes but I wish those around us would have made the same effort. We had a great time and I would highly recommend going to Vegas whether you enjoy gambling or not. We didn't gamble one cent and I'm already trying to figure out when we can go back.	
Nov 19 2009 	Nice hotel not over the top just enough	We really enjoyed our stay at the mirage. Rooms were nice, clean, and had all the ammenities we expected. The Casino wasn't as nice as the Bellagio but the rooms were much less expensive. Great holel for wandering to other hotels, walking to shops, getting out quick for a show.Very friendly check-in and check-out, bell staff was helpful when checking bags after we checked out.	
Nov 19 2009 	Comfy beds great atmosphere and great location.	My brother and I stayed here during Halloween weekend in 2009. We booked a volcano view room through the net for a decent price. We got to Las Vegas about 9am on Thursday morning. The hotel was able to get us right in without a moments hesitation. We checked into the room. It was quite large with a great view of the strip. The beds were like sleeping in a cloud. The bathroom was clean. The only thing we found was a couple of stains on the top sheet. We ordered room service while we were there and it was delicious. The Beatles Cirque de Solei show was also at this hotel. It was absolutely amazing. The bar &quot;Revolution&quot; was also fun and trendy. The only downside to the hotel was the casino wasn't very nice to me. :-)	
Nov 18 2009 	Very nice rooms and an excellent location	I stayed at the Mirage for four nights with two friends at the end of September. We arrived at noon and checked in right away. The rooms were very clean and spacious. Our floor with very quiet also. The pool was awesome, but it fills up quickly. You can't beat the location of this hotel. There is a free tram to TI and the Ventian is directly across the street. Caesars is also very accessible. Be sure to check out the volcano eruption outside of the Mirage at night. It was awesome!	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel with Perfect Location on the Vegas Strip	We stayed at this hotel in May 2009 on a pre-packaged deal including flight from Toronto. We were very pleased with our choice - couldn't have picked a better hotel in terms of value and location. - The hotel room was fairly spacious (nice bathroom) and clean - the bed was heavenly- The location was prime and central on the strip, allowing easy access to food and entertainment- The pool was awesome - quite large and well-kept. (Get out there early to get a good sunbed.)- The hotel restaurants were great including &quot;California Pizza Kitchen&quot; and &quot;BLT Burger&quot;. Both are a little pricier than your average hometown casual eating joint (~$30 for 2 people) but the food was delicious and the portions were big - so you might even consider splitting a meal if you can deal with looking cheap in Vegas! ;)- The casino never did me too well; Roulette was decent - broke even after 3 hours!Bottom line: This hotel was great. I would recommend it to anyone. I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else if visiting Vegas again. &quot;Don't fix it if it ain't broke!&quot;	
Nov 17 2009 	Fantastic stay at the Mirage	I stayed at the Mirage for a 3 day girls' weekend in October. Check in was a breeze and we were assigned a room with our preferred bed type, although not much of a view. I was very pleased with the size and decor of the room. Plenty of space for 2 girls who packed a LOT of stuff! Housekeeping was wonderful. We never saw them, but they did an excellent job, gave us new toiletries daily and left us extra towels.While at the hotel, we ate at Onda Ristorante, Carnegie Deli, and California Pizza Kitchen. We had drinks at Kokomo's Lounge, and breakfast at Starbucks &amp; the Roasted Bean. We were pleased with all of these experiences.Onda Ristorante - $39.99 prixe fix menu was delicious! The service was impeccable, and we had a leisurely dinner &amp; bottle of wine. I would go back in a heartbeat.California Pizza Kitchen - Refreshing cobb salads after a looong flight from the East Coast. Exactly what we needed to recharge. Great service here as well.Carnegie Deli - Had a long wait but we wanted breakfast after regular breakfast time. It was a little more $$ than I wanted to spend on breakfast, but we got big portions. The chocolate cream pie/coconut cream pie slices are about a quarter of the pie. YUM! Drinks at Kokomo's Lounge were good, about $12 a cocktail, which is what we found at the Venetian as well. YOU MUST GO TO see the lions, tigers, and dolphins at the Mirage. It is more than worth the admission charge. You can stay as long as you want. We took so many pictures, our camera battery died! The tigers are beautiful and they had recently gotten two little cubs. It was a wonderful experience and so convenient. My friend wanted a hotel with a pool but Mandalay Bay was too far down the strip. We enjoyed sitting by the pool briefly at the Mirage. Not a lot of kids around and enough space for everyone. It is very pretty with multiple hot tubs, cabanas, a bridge, etc. Mirage is a great hotel for a first time trip to Vegas. It has a central location, it's easy to navigate, and doesn't take 20 minutes to get to your room.	
Nov 16 2009 	Clean rooms comfy beds 	Check in was quick and easy. Our hotel room was nice and clean. The Mirage offered several bar and restaurant options. The pool was awesome and great service outside.	
Nov 15 2009 	Outstanding	My wife and I stayed at the Mirage from Oct. 31 to Nov. 2. It was my second stay there this year. In both cases, the rooms were complimentary, but I would pay regular rate to come again. The rooms have been recently renovated, and are excellent. Good sized, nicely furnished, great bed, flat-screen TV. Both the rooms and the common areas were very clean and well-maintained. The bathrooms were nicely renovated. My only complaint - a minor one - is that the bathrooms are relatively small, with only a standard tub/shower combination. Most of the newer hotels, of course, have larger bathrooms with separate tubs and showers. Overall, however, I would give the rooms an excellent rating. The casino is very comfortable, with a good selection of games and gaming limits. Five dollar table games were available during most times of the day, which was a plus for us since we are not high-rollers. The availability of low-limit table games kept us on site when we would otherwise have gone in search of cheaper play elsewhere. The location is very good, with tram access to Treasure Island, and a short walk to the Wynn, other casinos and the mall.Good selection of restaurants on site, including a California Pizza Kitchen, a deli and a burger restaurant. Starbucks as well. But if you're not a total coffee snob, there is a second coffee shop in the retail pavillion (on the way to the pool). The lines are not nearly as long first thing in the a.m. and the selection of muffins and rolls is better than the Starbucks. The service was a bit disappointing. We needed to pick up tickets to Jay Leno and were told at the front desk to go to the Concierge. The Concierge said they did not handle tickets and told us to go to the Terry Fator box office after 3:30, which we did. No one was there, so we asked at the business center. We were told to come back at 4:00, which we did. Still no one there. We called the front desk and were told they did not open until 4:30. After explaining the run-around we had gotten, the front desk told us to go to the other box office (Beatles &quot;Love&quot;). The front desk said to go directly to the side of the ticket counter (ahead of everyone standing in line). The desk said they would call ahead and let them know we were coming. We did as we were told - suffering numerous dirty looks from the folks standing in line - but the ticket counter had not been called. Nevertheless, they were very accommodating and issued our tickets on the spot. Service in the casino was also spotty. Difficult to find wait staff on the casino floor to order drinks. But I have found that to be the case at every casino I've visited this year.All in all, an excellent property and one that I will definitely visit again. I highly recommend it.	
Nov 15 2009 	OK	hotel club music was up so loud that even on the 9th floor you could hear it-also construction&amp; drunks-wouldn't recommend hotle but seeing the city was great!	
Nov 14 2009 	2 bedroom hospitality suite - spacious/not ugly like the website!	Me and my girl friends stayed here in august. awesome suite - spacious. when we arrived - the room wasnt ready (we arrived at 9pm!!) ... the last ppl decided to check out late - so we had to suffer... on top of this - when we finally made it to the room the guest bathroom had pee on the toilet - eww!!! we asked to have it cleaned... and there were no other problems with the stay.the room itself is great - and the out of date website doesnt do it justice. newly renovated, plenty of space, 2 1/2 bathrooms. I stayed here with 5 other girlfriends - yes over capacity - but we're starving university students - give us a break... we picked this place cuz there was enough room for the 6 of us to sleep and it didnt break the bank, and with 2.5 bathrooms - there is plenty of place for us to shower/do our hair/make up etc. we had an awesome time. this place isnt the most luxurious place on the strip - but it fit the bill for us.... and we are def gonna return!	
Nov 14 2009 	Huge disappointment-deal was too good to be true!	I have traveled to Las Vegas a lot for business and pleasure. I was just here 7 weeks ago at MGM Grand. Because I stay and play so often, MGM Mirage sends me great offers for VIP room rates, etc. I decided to leave my baby boy with my hubby for 3 nights to take one of those great offers and celebrate my birthday a week late with a friend from Vegas. The offer from MGM Mirage includes offers from all of their properties, and the best value I got this time was with the Mirage. It was the only property that had a decent Saturday rate over fight weekend, and it looked like a nice place. I was surprised when I arrived and walked into the smallest, worst hotel room I've ever encountered in Vegas. I'd heard the rooms were redone a year ago, but this one is desperately in need of redecoration!The walk from the front desk to room was very long and as I'd arrived early (around noon) they had a room ready on the 6th floor, pretty low but I don't care much about the view having stayed in some of the best rooms in the city, so I took it. It IS a King room, a basic King, but it doesn't even have a small sitting area like MGM does. It has an ugly orange half/chair half/sofa? But nowhere to put your feet. The bathroom is the worst. It's smaller than any bathroom I've seen in Vegas. The bath amenities don't include any bath gel or body wash, and the soaps are so small that I'd run out after one bath. The old white tub was stained and right next to the toilet. The sink had no room for anything and the bathroom is claustraphobic.I am paying a resort fee of 15 dollars a day for what? MGM doesn't do that. They do have 2 bottles of water here as a welcome, I guess, part of the resort fee. But the worst thing I encountered is the smell! You know that awful disinfectant/too flowery scent that really old motels have? This room smells like the cheap ones my grandma used to get when I was a kid. They have an electronic mini-bar that looks like a fridge from the outside. I opened it and am sure I jostled something and will be accused of taking something. Luckily, everything is still there.After paying a resort fee, I am really upset that I had to pay for my internet! But I am happy to say I only need to spend one night here. I called VIP services at Mandalay Bay and they were able to get me a decent rate for Sunday and Monday nights. I cancelled tomorrow and Monday here, but they held $300 on my debit card that I won't get back for 30 days! I use that card at MGM all the time and they don't hold fees that long. I DID try to get another room here at Mirage, I wanted a King Tower or a small suite. I called front desk who put me in touch with the casino marketing, the ones who sent me the offer in the 1st place. I explained that the room was just not what I was used to and asked if I could get a different room. I was put on hold by a young lady who was very rude (she was talking to someone who gambles with MGM/Mirage and that's why I got the good room rates, so she should know better than to cop an attitude!) She said there were NO other rooms, which I know is not right as the people in front and to the sides of me were looking to choose different rooms. I offered to pay more for a suite, but they said if I wanted a suite I would have to pay regular rate. On a weekend, a FIGHT weekend, that is SO much more I can't even think about it.So here's the deal- they offer you a fantastic rate, knowing from your portfolio what types of rooms/suites you're used to. They give you the lowest type room available, knowing you will ask for a better room. Then they gouge you for more money. Nice way to treat MGM Mirage Players Club players! I came with money to play but damned if I will play here. Back to the management. They were unable to find me a better room for Sunday or Monday? The fight is tonight, I know that things are booked up. People are paying lots of money for rooms tonight. But tomorrow, they all leave, and Monday? Monday rates are very low. What the girl didn't know was that I knew that they had other rooms and suites available for Sunday and Monday- I was logged on to their website as I spoke to her! This room is the lowest type available, with the worst view. So they lied to me when I KNEW they had tower Kings available. Her story seemed to change, and I was quite confused. When she put me on hold to talk to her &quot;supervisor&quot; she was already in a huff.It seems like bait and switch to me, so for all those Player's Club people who get the MGM Mirage deals in the email- they're usually great deals. MGM, Mandalay and Bellagio have good deals and they have always been kind and respectful. I will NEVER stay at Mirage again, but I will take the other hotels up on their offers. I am grateful that the lady at VIP services at Mandalay was able to secure a nice room for me for a decent price for the next 2 nights. One night here won't kill me. I was a bit taken aback when I called down to say I was canceling my reservation tomorrow. They didn't even ask why, or could they fix it. AND, now that I think of it, the girl who checked me in didn't go over my Freeplay info. (I was supposed to get $25 towards table games or slots.) NOT impressed.	
Nov 14 2009 	perfect location for first time visitors	Hi there, this was the second time we visited Las Vegas. Our first time we stayed at the TI and we loved the location because it is in the Center of the Strip. Because of the location we booked this time the Mirage. Overall it is a perfect choice for first time visitors. We got a special rate 300$ for 5 nights and for this amount of money it was a perfect. We got a room with highway view :-( in the 17th floor. First they planned to give us a 2 queen bed room, but during check in we were able to change to a king size bed. Check in was friendly and fast, no problem. The room was large and clean. The room looked renovated. The only negative thing was the bathroom; it was very small compared to the room size.I can highly recommend the Mirage for first time Las Vegas visitors. I'm not sure if it is the best option for a hardcore gambler.	
Nov 13 2009 	Comfortable and very central if a little rowdy.	Have just returned from spending six nights at the Mirage (got a good room, car and flight deal with BA who now fly direct to LV). We checked in around 9.00pm and it was swift and efficient if a little charmless. We were offered a Strip view room on the non smoking 19th floor. The room was large with two double beds and in good condition, having been refurbished in an uncompromisingly modern style. It was smart and bold, dark woods, chrome, glass and faux leather but not what I'd describe as plush and luxurious. However, the beds were some of the most comfortable we have experienced, terrific. There was a 42&quot; flat screen HD TV and an iPod docking station. The complimentary daily bottled water was a nice touch too. There were traces of the old decor, the doors and wardrobes, and we wondered why they did not do a complete make over. It was the same with the bathroom. They are small, plain but functional. It looked like half the bathroom had been refurbished (nice vanity area), the other half left original. If you are going to replace all the taps with new modern ones, why leave the old shower head? It needed replacing, spraying everywhere except where needed! The light to the magnifying mirror did not work either. There were sufficient towels, if on the small side. The toiletries smelt great (lime) but there was no shower gel, just shampoo, conditioner and body lotion, and a rather unpleasant bar of exfoliating soap which dried out your skin. We bought some shower gel at a local pharmacy. House keeping was okay but we did find in plain view hair in the bathroom, probably belonging to the previous occupant when we checked in! And if you do get a Strip view room and intend to be in bed before midnight (!), get some ear plugs because the double glazing is poor (original) and the half hourly volcano show sounds like a freight train is heading for your room! The room was quiet otherwise and we heard very little noise from other guests in the corridor or adjoining rooms.We had breakfast several times at the buffet. There was very little waiting time and it ran very efficiently. The selection was mind boggling and it was all very good quality, with prompt, friendly service. We thought it good value too at just under 10GBP per head, even with a fairly poor £/$ exchange rate. In Europe you'd expect to pay nearly double for a spread like this. Over the weekend the breakfast buffet became 'brunch' and the price went up to about 13GBP a head but we failed to spot any difference from the week day buffet.The swimming pool area was beautiful with lush tropical landscaping and water falls. There was a massive free form pool, a smaller circular pool and an 'adults only' pool called 'Bare' in a secluded area away from the main pools. There were luxurious cabanas to rent which in the high season would be the best choice as the sun loungers were laid out in unimaginative row after row and in very close formation and it would be hell. We had breakfast in the Paradiso Cafe by the pool one morning which was very relaxing and comfortable but at almost twice the price as the buffet (for the same food) not worth it. The cooked breakfast arrived almost cold and the plastic crockery took the edge off the experience. The service here was a little lax too. We also tried the coffee shop for breakfast which had delicious muffins and danish pastries and did takeaway too.We dined at BLT (the gourmet burger restaurant) which was disappointingly ordinary and at the Carnegie Deli, which was excellent, massive portions and engaging staff. For all the dining outlets that did not require reservations, there were continual queues but they were fairly fast moving. We thought all the dining options had small seating capacities compared to other restaurants we visited during our stay.The free parking was good, the hike through the smokey casino to get to the guest lifts was not. The hotel shopping arcade was ordinary and the public areas lacked the WOW factor the other hotels had. The hotel location was brilliant, right in the thick of the action. Maybe this was why hotel was rather rowdy and occasionally rough, especially at night.We went to see Bette Midler - fab-u-lous! and Cirque de Soleil's KA at the MGM Grand. That was spectacular but we thought LOVE, which we saw at the Mirage three years ago was better. We also dined Michael Mina's Nobhill Tavern at the MGM Grand which was superb (fall tasting menu at $45 per head, a bargain), Wolfgang Puck's Postrio (restaurant, not cafe) at the Venetian which was pleasant but nothing special and the SW Steakhouse at the Wynn which was truly exceptional (remortgage to pay the bill - astronomical!).Check was also quick and efficient but more friendly. The Mirage is a top location but we think is getting left behind despite it's recent room upgrades, as more new hotels arrive and other older ones seem to be refurbishing, extending and improving to try and keep up. We stayed at the Bellagio last time which was fantastic, in another league and should we ever return, will head for the Wynn or the Palazzo or even the new Aria or Mandarin Oriental which are due to open in December.	
Nov 13 2009 	Mirage-definitely worth the price	Staff was friendly. Rooms were great and beds were soooo comfortable (considering its vegas where beds get worn out quick!). Just be careful going to the buffet-extremely pricey-$37. I wont go to the buffet again. Dolphin and tiger parts of the hotel are nice as well.	
Nov 11 2009	Loved it from the time we walked through the doors and couldn't wait to come back !	My Mom and I decided to make a trip to vegas for a week long getaway. We found an awesome deal online for flight and accommodation. We were welcomed awesome by the bell boys when our cab pulled up to the door. Our luggage was promptly taken out of the cab. Our check in was very quick also. We asked for 2 rooms with queen beds. When we got there we decided to trade for a king size room and a room with 2 queen beds. Not a problem. They changed it for us. The wait for the elevators wasn't very long either so that was really nice. The rooms were gorgeous and were exactly like the pictures on the internet showed. They were very clean and inviting. The bathrooms were good also. I especially liked the soaps and shampoos and conditioners. Our view was of the back of the other hotels but that is all right as we didn't spend much time in our rooms other then sleeping. The Cravings Buffet is exactly like it says. Any of your cravings are fulfilled. If you can't find anything to eat in there you are picky. There is all kinds of things to eat. We never went hungry at all. I love it there. We ordered room service and it was quick, delicious and very elegant. We didn't eat at any of the other restaurants. We went into the Secret garden to see all the animals. We loved it. I recommend going down to Freemont street while you are in Vegas. We also went to Hoover Dam and loved it. We seen the Bette Midler show and it was awesome. We were awe struck. I also love going through and seeing a bunch of the other hotels. I loved the Mirage and am going back to it for Christmas this year.	
Nov 10 2009 	they rip you off with a $10 per day resort charge	we booked 3 rooms for 5 people and ony after paying ahead with our cc then sent back an email saying &quot;by the way there is a non disclosed $10.50 per nite &quot;resort charge&quot; = the thievry starts before you even get there.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed at the Mirage in September, and found the best price through booking with Thomas Cook which was a suprise. We flew with American.The room was of a good size, bed massive, 2 wardrobes, the bathroom was huge and had seperate bath and shower which was nice. We had a great view of the volcano and strip.The hotel itself was also a good size, in that it wasnt too big, after walking through the MGM I was glad we werent staying there! The pool was nice (although water pretty cold!) and we found if you got down there just as they opened it or shortly afterwards it was easy to find a sunbed.It was also in a great location on the strip, which is important for all the walking up and down you do. I would definitely stay here again.The only bad side is I did find it had one of the smokier casinos, by the end of the week my eyes would start watering just walking through it and I started getting a sore throat, so we prefered to gamble in other hotels.	
Nov 7 2009 	All things good	Our first trip to vegas and arrived at the mirage at 4pm and found myself struggling to open a heavy door with a suitcase and found it rather strange to not have an automatic door. Then proceeded to a very quick check in. Was not offered a free upgrade, although was offered a penthouse for $60 a night which we declined. We then walked the long walk to the elevators right through the casino, which I guess is standard with every hotel in vegas to do this. Was given a very nice king deluxe room overlooking part of the strip and the pool. The room was very spacious and the bed was amazing. Yes the bathroom could of been bigger but was very modern and clean. House keeping could not be faulted. We ate in Cravings buffet a few mornings and were happy with the choices although felt we had to keep asking the waitress for tea, orange juice etc. Beware that the price goes up about $10 at the weekend. We also ate in california pizza kitchen which was lovely and the BLT burger which was just ok and nothing special for the price. Not to be missed is the Love, Cirque de soleil, which was amazing and worth every penny and would pay again and again to see it.We generally went to the pool around 3pm and had no problem at all getting seats and was generally quiet. was nice to sit at the Dolphin bar beside the pool, but beware of the very high price of the drinks here.Visited most of the hotels on the strip and would recommend visiting the ferrari collection at the wynn, Watching the Bellagio fountains from the Eiffel Tower at night and the volcano at The mirage. The monrail system is a godsend and runs very late although again a bit pricey.We were very happy with The Mirage on the whole, the location is excellent, how ever i think some of the other hotels like MGM and New York New york offer better facilities, although we cannot comment on the rooms there.	
Nov 7 2009 	Sleek updates modern 	Recently stayed at the Mirage in a Deluxe Room, my first time there. I usually stay at the Venetian, but the price was too good to pass up. Recently updated rooms, sleek, earth tones colors, 50 + inch flat screen tv, wonderfully plush beds, big bathroom, with great soaps &amp; shampoos....you can't this up! Business travelers will be happy as well. Excellent location as well, right in the middle of the strip. A short walk or cab to wherever you want to go. 2 Thumbs up!!!	
Nov 7 2009	It's not just a mirage!	I stayed at the Mirage for 7 nights with 3 other people in late October. We mainly booked this hotel due to its great location and we were not disappointed as it’s in a prime location! Upon arriving within around 10 minutes we were checked in and on our way to the rooms. The only minor hiccup we had was the fact that when we booked we requested 2 rooms, each with 1 king-sized bed however, these were still being cleaned so we were given 2 rooms each with 2 queen sized beds, we didn't believe this to be an issue though. Each of the rooms was clean and spacious &amp; housekeeping came everyday and changed our towels and linen etc. Regarding the bathroom it was somewhat small however it was more than adequate. The view from our rooms was of the back of the hotel and looked out onto roads mainly but I didn't plan on sitting by the window anyway we were in Vegas after all! We found all the staff within the hotel to be very helpful, for instance one day we had a problem with one of our lamps and 5 minutes after informing reception someone was there fixing it. The facilities within the hotel were very good such as the shops, bars and restaurants which we ate at most nights. Some people have stated the restaurants are expensive but personally I didn’t believe this to be the case for the ones I experienced – BLT Burger, Carnegie Deli, California Pizza Kitchen &amp; Samba Brazilian Steakhouse. In British Pounds most meals worked out at around £15-20 including a drink which I think is pretty cheap. The only issue you may find when eating in the mirage is you pretty much have to queue for everything &amp; this can take 20m+ which I’d never experienced before but this seemed the norm on the strip. The bars in the mirage were also good such as the Rhumbar &amp; Revolution lounge both of which had a good atmosphere however, take plenty of $$$ if like me you don’t drink beer as you’ll be paying around $12-16 for a drink. While staying at the mirage we also went swimming and the pool was as good as it looks in the pictures definitely great for Vegas. We also visited the Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat, which I must say was a let down as upon entering we were then told the Dolphins were having a rest day so we didn’t get to see much. Overall The Mirage may lack in over the top décor like some of the closer hotels however, it was a great place to stay in and we enjoyed it. The volcano was really good to see on a night and certainly different. I cannot really comment on the casino as I’m not really a gambler (lol) it always seemed busy though and the slots were certainly fun. As I’m sure you’ll know by now you need to walk through the casino to get to the rooms which I must admit became somewhat tiring towards the end of our stay but again from the other hotels I visited this was the norm. If I return to Vegas I would consider staying at the mirage again however I understand they’ve now introduced a resort fee so to be honest I’d more than likely upgrade and stay across the road at The Venetian or Wynn. A few tips:~Try see one of the Cirque du Soleil shows – we saw KA &amp; it was fantastic~Bally's (hotel) Jubilee show is also fantastic... true Vegas Glamour~Also the trips to the Grand Canyon are amazing but shop around for a good deal. ~Also DO NOT underestimate how big the strip is! I’m in my early twenties and the walking really took its toll on me and my feet! Try the shuttle buses or something as taxis are often at a stand still.	
Nov 6 2009 	It's "All Good" at the Mirage	If you are searching Trip Advisor to find a good hotel choice on the strip then please read on.I have stayed at the majority of the major Casino Hotels on the Strip and I find the Mirage to be the hotel of choice. Great service from all employees and the front desk acts like you are a welcome guest. Rooms are fine, try the Tower Suite if the rates allow - huge and fun to stay in. Good bars and places to eat - California Pizza Kitchen embedded in the Sports Book, if fun to eat and watch the giant screens, Cravings buffet food is really good for a buffet, and if you need a quiet bar with great drinks try the Rhumbar. I ate at the Carnegie Deli and the wait for food was very long due to many more customers than wait staff and cooks. Perhaps they could seat fewer people to be able to handle the customers better. Carndgie Deli was the only downside for the week and the postives at the Mirage outweigh that negative expierence. If you like to watch sports the Mirage has the best sports book in Las Vegas hand''s down.The pool is great and has longer hours than most casino hotels.If you choose to stay somewhere ther than the Mirage please do yourself a huge favor and do not stay at the Flamingo - it is the worst across the board.Have fun and safe travels!	
Nov 6 2009 	Absolutely one of the best hotels I ever stayed at.	It was my second stay in Vegas, but my first time at the Mirage. And they really blew me of my socks. WHAT A HOTEL!! I took my plane early morning in DC and had to changes planes in Dallas, Texas. As my flight got delayed, my luggage was not at the hotel yet.However I could check in around noon, and they offered me a room on the 4th floor at the end of the hallway. This was quiet a walk!! However the room was superb. A very spacious room with a very comfy bed and a nice LCD-TV.I went for a walk on the strip and about two hours later I got back to fresh up. My luggage had arrived at the ‘baggage claim’ and I asked to bring it upstairs. When arriving at the room, the bellboy took a shortcut and arrived even in front of me. It’s a minor detail but I loved it.All the other personel where very friendly as well. I booked a helicopter ride to the Grand Canyon and it was arranged only in a couple of minutes. Also, I extended my stay with an extra night, and they offered me a really nice rate.Then I went to the swimming pool, which was amazing as well. A big pool, with sufficient of chairs &amp; towels. However the drinks at the bar were super expensive as well was the entrance to one of the bars. One big no-no was the club inside. I got a ticket from some guy in the lobby working for the Mirage, stating that I got a free entrance before midnight. When showing up that night he told me to pay 30 Dollar of entrance fee. Which I thought was outrageous and I went somewhere else.But in the end: top notch hotel	
Nov 6 2009 	this hotel was perfect in every way...	We have been to vegas six times and this has been the most pleasant hotel experience ever!Every aspect of the hotel was perfect. We could not think of one thing that we could complain about. The rooms were clean and roomy. The maid service was excellent and the rooms were done promptly; regardless of what time you leave the room for the day. The lobby and the grounds all around the hotel were gorgeous and impeccably kept. All of the staff were friendly, courteous, and helpful. The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance to shops and restaurants. We would definately stay at this hotel on our next trip to vegas.	
Nov 5 2009 	Fine	Stayed for 3 nights in this hotel, during the coldest period ever (49F), brrr.Hotel is just fine, got to check in first before having to pass the casino. Friendly staff.Rooms were newly decorated and had Strip view. Our friends did not have stip-view, but their view is just as good (and more quiet ! )Long queues at the breakfast and dinerbuffets, too long. The buffet is great, but at the Hilton LAS its much cheaper and just as much/big/good. Advise, go there, no queues.Went to the SPA of the Bellagio : Go there !! Great, clean, cheap : just pure relaxation !!	
Nov 4 2009 	Wouldn't change a thing!	Had a great time at the Mirage Las Vegas. Clean, comfortable (and secure -- going up the elevators at night there was always someone there checking for room keys) rooms, great casino, ambiance and staff. Perfect location right in the middle of the strip. We arrived at noon and they checked us in right away, which was so nice because we expected to have to wait around until 3. Would definitely stay there again! You can't beat the Mirage!Don't miss Beatles: Love, the Cirque de Soliel show at the Mirage. Top notch and amazing!	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice experience	Apart from the awesome volcano at the front of the hotel, the Mirage is not an exciting place to stay. Once inside it is quite ordinary and has nothing to make you go 'wow'! Even though we chose a cheaper room which had no view to speak of, the quality and specification of the room was very high and it was very clean and well maintained, and was large and comfortable. The hotel is also very well positioned on the Strip. Whilst I would not really choose to stay there again (because it rather lacks that Las Vegas excitement) we still had a very pleasant experience. On another matter - if you can get to see 'La Reve' at the Wynn you will not be disappointed - it is a quite breathtaking and spectacular show.	
Nov 3 2009 	Overall good value	First time to Vegas and thought I'd try a couple of decent but reasonably priced hotels so chose Treasure Island and Mirage. Room at Mirage was nice and big but the bathroom was disappointingly small and cramped, especially when we shared the room with our 13 year daughter and all her paraphenalia. I like my baths but found the size of this one minute and there was an unsightly rust mark at the plug hole where it looked like the enamel had been chipped but not repaired. Several of the bulbs were out and not replaced. No coffee making facilities in the room which was a great disappointmnt as it was a 10 minute trek down to Carnegie Deli or Starbucks. We were told when we checked in to be careful with the mini bar as there were sensors and if anything was moved we would be charged whether we took it or not. There was no ice bucket in room so no way to keep drinks cold. We thought the prices at Carnegie Deli and BLT was well overpriced $12 for a plain turkey burger with not fries or sides.We tried the Cravings buffet for lunch/dinner and for breakfast on morning of departure. If you don't mind having a late lunch you can go in for about 2.45pm, pay for lunch price but stay on when for the change over at 3pm when they bring on 'better' dishes for the dinner session and save about $8 per person. Lots of choice and I believe the rib beef was done to perfection. Steer clear of the noodle station. I was was served by the most miserable man and the wantons was so revolting I had to spit it out - I could make better. The desserts were not brilliant and the bread pudding - one of my favourites- was very disappointing and sloppy at the bottom. Breakfast was nothing special but at least you can fill up for the day.Overall, we did get good room service and the staff were always courteous and we got a good deal.	
Nov 3 2009 	Loved the Mirage!	We stayed at the Mirage October 30-November 2nd. On arrival there was a snafu with our room - we had requested smoking and were told there were no smoking rooms available. This was quickly correctly with a phone call downstairs and we were immediately moved to a different room with a wonderful view. The safe in our room did not work - we called the desk and there was someone there within 15 minutes to fix the safe. The location of the Mirage is hard to beat - you can walk nearly everywhere from there which is nice. The resort restaurants we ate at were all good. We particularly enjoyed the Rhumbar for a drink in the evening to watch the world go by. Our room was pleasantly decorated with ample space. I was disappointed to see Allegiant Air has dropped them from their line up of hotels. I would definitely return to the Mirage!	
Nov 3 2009 	Good Experience	We spent four days at the Mirage - a good experience. I was surprised however when we checked in to find &quot;hidden cost&quot; for staying at the resort. $15 a day we found out when we checked out was for the use of the gym (which we didn't use), a newspaper which we did not receive (guess we had to pick that up in the lobby) and water delivered to room daily (did drink that). Room was very clean however bathroom was a little small.Very friendly and helpful staff. Location of hotel was great. Was very disapointed we could not get tickets to Terry Fator as he was full.Sue Belanger, Lake Leelanau, Mi	
Nov 3 2009 	Fun Trip	Stayed in the Mirage with a group of friends at the end of October.Cheack in /Rooms : Check in was very quick and all the group were put on the same floor next to each other which was a great help. We asked for an upgrade but as it was the weekend that U2 played the hotel was very busy so we couldnt get one. The rooms were very nice. Good space although I do have to say the bathroom(more so the shower/bath was very small but again we didnt really spend too much time in the room).I did think the bathroom was not that clean as there were black hairs on the floor and still in the bath.Only a minor problem. The bed was the nicest I have slept in and the pillows were divine.Although the alcohol at night did also help put you to sleep:) Hotel:The hotel itself has so much on. Highly recommend the Beatles Love show its amazing. The Beatles Revolution Lounge was expensive so walk the strip to find cheaper bars(O'Sheas Irish Bar is great to start the night with cheap beer). I did find some of the staff in the revolution lounge quite ignorant and one guy in particular could really learn how to smile and say thanks. Other staff were very nice and polite. Pool:The pool was fab. We got up and got in the queue at the weekend for 9am (one of the busiest wknds we were told) and had no problem getting chairs for 12 of us together. During the week there was no real hassle getting chairs.Food: I wasnt overly impressed with the food in Vegas but we ate in one Italian restaurant in the Fashion Mall which was absolutely gorgeous. It is pricey so the buffet is a good option if your budget is not that high.Ate in BLT Burger which was good but the portions are huge and after the starter it was hard to face into the burger and fries. Shopping: I would advise to look around at the outlets and shops before you buy andything. We found great deals as the days went on and didnt buy staright away.All in all I thought the trip was fantastic. I think I would like to stay in a different hotel if I returned to Vegas but that is just to try someplace new and not that I didnt enjoy the hotel. It was a great first stay and for a young group of people I would definetely recommend the Mirage for a first stay.	
Nov 2 2009 	9 out of 10......a near perfect score!	Stayed for 5 nights with 2 other ladies and we had a blast! The room was perfect, housekeeping first rate, casino tons of fun, and the shows (Ray Romano and Love) were worth every penny.I would have given the Mirage a 10 had it not been for an inexplicably rude person working the box office for the Ray Romano show--let's just say some people should NOT work customer service, and the crazy long lines every morning at the Cravings buffet. We wound up eating elsewhere 3 of the 5 days because we didn't want to wait 30 minutes for a cup of coffee!I will Definitely be back, I thought the Mirage had all the elements required for a perfect vacation.	
Nov 1 2009 	Very Very Disappointed	We were disappointed with the room. We asked for a strip view, which we did get, yet the window was so dirty it looked as if something was poured from an upper floor and splatted all over the window. This obstructed the view. The bathroom was very small and in my opinion the tiles in the tub needed to be scrubbed. It was a terrible turn off. The carpeting in the room looked as if it weren't steamed cleaned for a year, The room was surface dusted, if you moved the ice bucket tray you would be surprised at the amount of dust that was there. We were offered a different room, but I decided I didn't want to pack and unpack. although offered another room i do believe my complaint was ignored. We had a burned out bulb which was never replaced. The hotel is limited to food areas, especially for breakfast. I'm sorry I didn't go to Dennys I'm sure we would have saved some money. I visited a number of hotels both on and off the strip and this was my biggest disappointment. Once was enough, we won't return to the mirage, oh one more thing, i agree there should be coffee in the rooms, going through the casino for 2cups of coffee and a piece of cake was costly adventure. If anyone is planning a trip and you are put into room17-027 check it out before you unpack,	
Nov 1 2009 	Tropical Paradise!!!	We stayed at the Mirage Oct 25-29, 2009. What a fantastic hotel. It has a great tropical theme. Out front is a volcano that erupts every hour or so at night, all set to tribal drum music. When you step inside you are greated by a huge atrium filled with palm trees and waterfalls. Very nice.The check in was very quick and easy. I explained to the lady that checked us in that it was our anniversary trip (I tipped $20), and we were upgraded to a tower suite with a great view of the pool and the strip.And what a pool it is. It's huge with waterfalls, bridges and lagoons, all surrounded by palm trees. Getting a chair next to the pool wasn't easy however. We took two chairs further back when we arrived and moved up when some people left.The casino was an exciting place, lots of noise, busy, people having fun. Drinks came quick and regular at the tables, but slower at the slots.Dinner at Samba was great. Try the Rodizio, an all you can eat Brazilian bbq experience. Very good.When we got back to the room after a long first day, there was a bottle of champagne chilled and waiting for us. I guess because I said it was our anniversary. What a nice touch, and a great end to a great day at the Mirage.We never went to the Secret Garden, but we heard it was good. They have dolphins and tigers, and even a new baby tiger.Valet never took more than a couple of minutes, and everyone was always very friendly.Our flight out wasn't until 4pm, so we asked for a 2pm check out and got it. They even comped our meal at Samba, based on our table play. What a great capper to a great trip.I'm writting this at home, counting the days til I can go back. Thanks Mirage!	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent hotel	The location is among the best on the strip, hotel has been upgraded recently and the room was very very nice and modern. Large room with king bed, beautiful furnishings and ipod dock.Restaurant was very good, serving a reasonable breakfast, buffet was awesome for sunday brunch. We travelled with large group, and we could always find each other since the casino floor isn't huge like some places.We would definately stay here again!	
Oct 29 2009 	Modern decor great buffet clean rooms and great location on the strip	This was our 2nd trip to Vegas (we stayed at the Bellagio the first time). We came to see a Pepper concert and the Grand Canyon, which I highly recommend if you have a whole day to kill.This hotel was great. The room is very modern looking and the bed was comfortable. We had a strip view room, so we had a view of the erupting volcano each night which was cool. The pool is huge, with a nice waterfall. You need to get there early though, if you want a lounge chair (there were none available for us). We were only in the pool for about 1/2 hour when they made everyone get out due to a chlorine explosion, which was disappointing since it was our only day to enjoy the pool. We ate at the buffet a lot, which is enormous and more cost effective than the other restaurants in the hotel. We tried the burger place and were not impressed. Also, if you walk across the street there is a Dennys which we found for breakfast, with the same prices as the one back home. Next to Dennys there is also a food court with some inexpensive food. The location of this hotel is great, righ in the middle of the strip. Overall I thought the hotel was great and would definitely stay there again. The only thing it lacked was a jacuzzi tub, which I guess you have to pay more for, but we have gotten them with standard rooms before. You really can't go wrong with this hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great location good service newly renovated rooms	The whole family (including grandparents and a toddler) stayed at Mirage for 3 nights in October. We arrived on Saturday noon and the lobby was not crowed. The lady at the front desk spent at lease 10 minutes to find two rooms next to each other for us, which was very much appreciated. She also ordered a crib and a refrigerator for us as requested. Both the crib and refrigerator were free. The hotel is old; however, the rooms are newly renovated. The decoration is contemporary, with a big flat screen TV on the wall. Size of the rooms as well as the bath rooms are kind of small, normal size for a regular hotel, though. Our rooms got a pool view (paid extra for that) and part of the Strip view, which was very pretty. The rooms were very quiet, too. The location of the hotel is just AWESOME. With the help of a stroller, we managed to visit almost all well-known casinos from Wynn to Mandalay Bay (we did call Taxi for a few times to catch the shows and the cost was only $7-10 bucks each way). We didn't swim but did walk around the swimming pool area. It was nice. It was in the 60s so not lots of people were in the pool area. We were disappointed with Dolphin Habitat, though. There was no dolphin show, no nothing, just several dolphins swimming around. They don't even have a scheduled feeding time. So if you need to pay $15 to get in, please save your money for something else. We booked the rooms via Mirage's web site. Through their 25th anniversary package, we got free tickets to the Dolphin Habitat and $40 credit per room toward the Carving Buffett. Saturday night stay was the most expensive one, and Monday night was the cheapest. The average price we paid for the three nights was about $138 per night per room plus tax. The price included the premium to upgrade the view. So overall I think it was a reasonable deal. We are not gamblers, and we were with a toddler, so we didn't spend lots of time in the Casino. No comments on that. Overall I like this hotel, especially the location. I'll recommend to my friends but I myself will try some other hotels next time.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Stay in Las Vegas	We were planning on staying in Las Vegas for 2 nights, and wanted something right on the strip, allowing us to walk to all of our destinations. The Mirage has a perfect location. We parked in the self-park garage (free), checked in very quickly and walked to our room. The walk from the self-park garage to our room was quite a trek, but all of the strip hotels have you walk through the casino to reach the guest elevators. The room, on the 17th floor, was lovely; large and very comfortable. Great bed, pillows and shower. I loved the huge magnifying mirror in the bathroom. I wish that every hotel had one! Great view from the windows. We ate breakfast at the Denny's across the street, which was much more reasonable than the Mirage restaurants, for breakfast. We did eat lunch at the Carnegie Deli, at the Mirage, and it was very good and huge!! We took the advice of another Trip Advisor review and signed the Mirage Guest Book prior to booking our room. As a result, we received a very good email offer for a low room rate, which I booked. Bottom line, a great stay!	
Oct 28 2009 	Wonderful	We checked in early in the afternoon, and although the type of room we specified wasn't ready they assigned us a room that was about equal and was ready. And, without me asking, they announced the rate was lower. So we saved a few dollars, and still ended up with a great upper-story room that was quiet and had a fabulous view of the volcano and the strip. We paid about $220 including all the lugs. The room had obviously been remodeled in the last couple years, it was well appointed, with an excellent TV and bathroom. It would have benefited by the addition of an easy chair. The hotel was crowded, and the lines at the restaurants and the packed swimming pool area were problems. Plus, the restaurant service was slow. But the food was good and we really enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 28 2009 	Not a Mirage	We visited the Mirage in September for our anniversary. We arrived at about 4:00 and unfortunately our room wasn't ready yet, so we just had a drink at the bar while we waited. About an hour later our room was ready. We were given exactly what we reserved. A king room on the 12th floor overlooking the volcano. My only complaint was, even though we requested a smoking room, the room continually smelled of smoke. It seems that is day and age there has to be a way to get that smell out. Other than that, the room was great. As many have said, the bathroom is quite small, but you eventually get used to it. I love the fact that the window opened. It balanced out the air conditioner and also allowed fresh air to circulate into the room. On our first night the hotel sent up a bottle of champagne for our anniversary. I thought was a great touch. The couple of times we ordered room service, it was delivered promptly and the food was good for the price. The staff was great. The location can't be beat. It's right in the middle of the strip, so everything is just a few minutes away. Overall the Mirage is a great hotel with great staff. We will definately consider a stay in the future.	
Oct 28 2009 	Just a wonderful experience	Stayed in a Mirage Suite and was not disapointed! The suite was a great size with 2 bathrooms and the room looked like it was newly refurbishedWe had a problem with the room service food being decidedly average but in fairness to them, they refunded that part of the bill.I have stayed in Vegas before but not in the Mirage. I would happily recommend it for the atmosphere, food and general vibeI like my 'good hotels' and this one met my expectations!	
Oct 27 2009 	best value on strip	We have family close to Las vegas and travel there a lot. we usually book suites in hotels where there is some action for children and booked the mirage this time. We had booked a tower suite one bedroom and were automatically upgraded to a penthouse suite which was nice. The suite is very large, howeber dated and renovations is supposed to start next year. Loved the bathrooma dn the bathtub, incredibl water pressure. House keeping was excellent and we got fresh fruits and water for free every day. However tea and coffee ammenities are clearly missing. I guess the logic behind is to keep the guests within the casino area. we had fast line passes to many restaurants which were absolutely worth it. as the lines can be huge and travelling with children and jet lag can be strenous in a line. The food was great and not expensive (travelling with eurp curency and pounds ) the view from the penthouse suite was spectacular especially at night. Bed was great and TV hidden in closet in front of the bed. Penthouse and tower suites also come with free passes to the magic garden and we loved the lion babies and the dolphins. Also we had a special staff desk, a special elevator and all in all spending the extra money is well worth it since hassle free travelling and all sorts of free bees.Pool was very crowded and they would not let me into bare pool. We do not gamble so cannot say anything about the casino.The mirage is good with kids, however without kids I would recommend The palms for the wonderful suites or the mandalay.Best nightclub is TAO at the venetion across the street.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent hotel but...	The reviews we read were all correct, it is a beautiful hotel, BUT there are some shortcommings, like no coffee pot in the room, nor did they have a hair dryer. I mean, even Days Inn offer these amenities. You have to walk throught he casino to get anywhere in the hotel and it is a L O N G walk.We did get a free upgrade to a suite with a wonderful view of the strip and the volcano, all in all I would recommend it, but they need to add some amenities to the room.We went to the Jubilee show and it was FANTASTIC. We also went and saw George Wallace and he was very very funny. Worth every penny.ANother bummer was that we had to pay $15 a night for wireless internet for our laptop to check up on our business, that seemed uncalled for.	
Oct 24 2009 	not what it was	just returned today from vegas.i have never written a review of anything before but i have to get this off my chest.THE MIRAGE doesnt care about anything but the bottom line.rude staff,slow bartenders and dealers with an attitude.we choose to go to vegas at off season to hopefully avoid these issues,no such luck.$15 a day resort fee,$15 a day gym fee.$18 horrible cheeseburger.$16 dryed out corn beef sandwich.drugged out ladies for hire in the elevator area every morning.stay at wynn,stay at venetian,stay at palazzo but never again at the low rent mirage.	
Oct 24 2009 	This first timer is HAPPY!!	Stayed for 4 nights, 3 full days. Check-in and out were both quick and easy. Booked a king bed with a pool view, but got double beds in the room. Was immediately ,without drama, upgraded to a newly renovated king room on the very top floor with lotsa room and a gorgeous spa bathroom (double vanites, seperate glass shower, jetted tub, tile floor to ceiling). Room service was tasty but expensive. Casino wasn't overly smoky. Food was average at the BLT. Guest service was excellent. Large area to walk, but nice nonetheless. Good location to the nicer resorts and free shows. Definitely well kept and the pool was dreamy (large with a bridge and a grotto with waterfalls). Get a good rate and check it out!	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location mid-Strip; "Brand new" following complete renovation	We stayed at the Mirage for three nights. After exploring several options on the Strip, we found a great rate at the Mirage and knew that they had recently remodeled. We arrived at the hotel mid-morning after an early morning flight. Like most Strip hotels, the place is bustling -- even on a Sunday morning. Lots of traffic, lots of people out front, in the lobby, heading to and from the casino, etc. We didn't expect our rooms to be ready, but were pleasantly surprised to discover they were. The front desk staff was very friendly and check-in was very speedy.Also like most Strip hotels, it's a long walk from the front desk to the elevators -- and you have to go through the casino to get there. Though I don't remember specifics about what the place looked like prior to the remodel, the renovations were evident. The public areas of the hotel had a very &quot;current&quot; look and feel, without being too trendy. When we arrived at our rooms -- WOW!!! It was, for all purposes, a completely new hotel. This not a case of simply painting over old wallpaper. Every surface, every fixture, every thing in our room was brand new! The room was very spacious -- as is the case in most Strip hotels. The beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was huge. The new flat screen TV was awesome. For those who do have to work while in Vegas, there was a large, functional desk area with a comfortable chair. The style of the room (fabrics, colors, design, etc.) was definitely bold -- but not garish. Very hip and modern without being tacky.The employees we did encounter at the hotel were friendly. But don't expect a lot of personal attention. The Mirage is a typical, very large, and always busy Vegas resort. It's a very fun property and the room is very clean and comfortable, but the sheer volume of guests and their constant turnover prohibits very much personal service. The location of the Mirage is awesome -- great mid-Strip location, right across from the Venetian and its shopping, right next door the Forum Shops and Caesar's Palace, and a short walk from the Bellagio and its fountains.All in all, its a practically brand new hotel following their very extensive remodeling. Definitely a great value, given its prime location on the Las Vegas Strip.	
Oct 22 2009 	We Loved Our Room	I don't remember which tower we were in, but our room faced the Strip and we could see the volcano from the room. The room was large, and clean. It looked very modern, yet was very comfortable. There was a large chair in the room which was very comfy to sit in and read a book or watch TV. Overall, we were very pleased with the room. We didn't hear anything from our neighbors when we were in our room, but when walking down the hallway, we could hear people talking or hear their TVs on. We definitely enjoyed at our stay at the Mirage.	
Oct 22 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	I attended a conferance at the Las Vegas Conferance Center and had the pleasure to stay at the Mirage. The location was great, we could take the trasit system from Harras accross the street. The food at the Mirage was exelent. The stip was way bigger than I expected and it was a long walk to get to the other end. I would suggest going to the piano bar inside the NY NY hotel.	
Oct 22 2009 	How are the dolphins?	The Mirage seemed like a decent Vegas hotel. The room seemed alittle dated, but the pool was fun. My main reason for writing was to ask if anyone has seen the dolphins at the hotel recently. I just came across some news that another Mirage dolphin died this past summer, and there's a 75% mortality rate for the dolphins at the hotel. I'm in disbelief, but wanted to know if they looked ok to anyone who has seen them?	
Oct 20 2009 	Another excellent stay at the Mirage	We arrived at the Mirage and were upgraded to a Tower Deluxe room on 25th Floor. The room was beautiful, big screen TV and beautiful bathroom. The room was spotless although the refurbishment was starting to show signs of wear. The TV had a big scratch on the front panel but other than that it was a good standard. Contrary to other reports there was little noise of doors slamming and housekeeping starting knocking on doors from about 930am. You can always put the &quot;privacy please&quot; sign on your door to be sure you are not to be disturbed.The food and beverage outlets were expensive for what they offered, consequently we did not use them much, as the strip has lots of choices,many with keener prices.The casino was busy and the atmosphere was great. I asked for some comp tickets to the Secret Garden but was told I would need to charge everything to the room and play a lot in the casino and then come back and they would see what they could do. I decided against playing there very much as I was not satisfied with this. .On previous visits having done exactly that, I got no ofters from the Players Club for anything and I expected better. Their loss. This time, I enrolled at several other casinos and I will wait to see if I get some enticing offers. The one cents slot machines paid out the best, only many occasions I turned $5 into to over $100 - Forget the tighter Wheel Of Fortune machines, they just don't seem to pay out much these days!The pool continues to be fabulous but it does get very rowdy at weekends when the place becomes overrun with drunken 20 somethings standing in the pool constantly drinking. Mid week is the best time to come here as it is more relaxing and sophisticated.Tips: Don't bother prebooking shows as most of them are discounted and you can get tickets at the last minute theatre ticket agencies, even top line acts Bette Midler and Cirque Du Soleil. I got tickets for Ka at the MGM Grand for $75.00 - the face value was $113.00 and the seats were good.Beware of pickpockets, I was scammed downtown when I gave a few quarters to a supposedly needy person and had someone grab some cash from my pocket. I also lost money at the pool side, so keep an eye on your belongings!Going from the airport our cab driver tried the &quot;Freeway is much quicker routine&quot; but we opted for the backstreets and it cost $25 including a tip, so don't listen to their &quot;friendly&quot; advice.The shops are really suffering in Las Vegas. Check out Macys in the Fashion Show Mall, their prices were the same as the outlets and it is easier to get to.The Mirage continues to be a good choice because of the location and the pool. There are swankier places and the hotel is not cheap. Next year when City Centre opens with several new hotels, this might have to change as the competition is only going to increase. I will have to think long and hard about returning as the competition nearby looks extremely appealing, especially Palazzo, Wynn, Encore &amp; Mandalay Bay.Hopefully, the Mirage will send some good offers my way this time!	
Oct 20 2009 	good..............not great	Wife &amp; I always choose MGM properties( 12 times) and have stayed at the Mirage before .At check in asked for an upgrade to a tower deluxe and was steered away......receptionist saying &quot;its the last tower suite room and hasn't been renovated.&quot; Well I accepted the room on the 22nd floor facing some roof ....not a big deal but not a good start.Loud neighbors (kids-due to cheap weekday rates) not the hotels fault. No other night were as bad as the 1st. This was my first trip where I spent time hanging out @ the pool during the day...very relaxing.It really is a nice looking pool area. Warning after 10:00 a.m. dificult to get a louge Dolphin bar is a great place to spend some time.Drinks are expensive ($10 for a small $22 for a large) but worth it. Hey its Vegas . Went to Cravings brunch buffet Sat morning was pretty bad. I'm not the kind of guy who wants Sushi, Burrito's or stir fry @ 10:00 am. I opted for 2 flavorless pancakes, refigerated danish, tomato juice and some coffee that really wasn't good . How can bacon have no flavor ????? for the good news ..... went to the omelet station asked for fresh eggs ,spinach tomato ham and onion omelette which was fine. I walked the perimeter &amp; couldn't find a toaster or a bagel. Bellagio and Paris breakfast buffets are MUCH better. Sun afternoon got a lean mega corned beef &amp; pastrami delicious sandwich to go @ Carnegie deli ate 1/3 of it crammed 2/3 in the fridge ( brouht on the plane for the flight home Monday) Sun night BLT buger was pretty good also .Milkshakes were best I've ever had in my life. Buger was very good sweet potato fries OK. On a whim tried the Fried pickles surprisingly good !!!!!. Sun right spent some time outside @ Rhumbar nice place no hard sell just relax @ have drink . Didn't try the tables this time exclusively video poker &amp; video blackjack feel like a winner cause I played for hours &amp; hours &amp; broke even ...... So all in all Mirage is just OK . Next time back to the Bellagio or try Pallazzo.	
Oct 20 2009	Just a vacation	i loved the hotel...very nice and classy...there are alot of things to do at this hotel alone....there is a Dolphin exbit which is awesome.... and a nude pool for those risky ones	
Oct 19 2009 	Fabulous Hotel Great Place to Stay on the Strip!	I can't believe some of the bad reviews here about the Mirage! We stayed here in January and had the best time ever. We had moved here from the Luxor to try a different hotel during our stay and we were thrilled with our decision. The room we had was recently refurbished with beatiful decor, flatscreen TV, mini bar, iPod dock, two amazingly comfy beds and a beatiful bathroom (not that you use them much in Las Vegas!)The hallways, elevators and hotel itself were all very stylish and luxiourous. The Beatles bar was so fun and the show itself was breathtaking. I didn't like the secret garden as i thought the animals were treated very badly. The lions, tigers and cheetahs were locked in very small enclosures with people blinding them with camera flashes all day. They looked either despondent or very agitated. Either way, they weren't happy campers so the whole experience was a bit of a downer for me.The Mirage was great overall though - typical glitzy Vegas style! The drinks were rather expensive though, as they were in most of the popular hotels. We had a great stay at the Mirage and were sad to say goodbye! We'd definitely return!	
Oct 18 2009	Things to know	Pros: Great Location and easy access to other resorts The rooms are fairly quiet. (These rooms were the quietest I have been in at any  hotel in Las Vegas)  The hotel was very clean The Machines paid off pretty good (they didn't eat your money right away) The Beatles &quot;Love&quot; was Fantastic The maids do not wake you up to get into your room Very friendly staff and helpfulCons: The food prices at any of the Hotel venues are extremely over priced. Carnegie  Deli's least expenisive sandwich was $23.00 and $3.00 extra for fries. (I did not eat there. Go to Denny's across the street or Cantors Deli at Treasure Island) The Charge for internet The soft mushy beds with little to no support No Coffee Makers in the rooms hence, no coffee or tea. (at least in the deluxe rooms) No matter how cold you set the A/C it always stayed at 71 degrees There were hot water/ water pressure issues at certain times of the day	
Oct 17 2009 	Exceeded expectations	I found a very cheap trip to the Mirage and was expecting it to be decent but nothing spectacular. I was wrong though, the room was beautiful with a nice view of the strip. It was very modern yet comfortable, and felt like home for the time I was there. The bed was great, I can see why they sell them in the gift shop. The casino is a bit small in comparison to other casinos on the strip, but for me that was unimportant. There were plenty of dining options and entertainment options within the hotel, and if you're not careful you could end up spending your entire trip in the hotel. The carnegie deli is a must and the Cirque du soleil-Love show was amazing. The hotel staff were very friendly, the only complaint I have is the check-in took a very very long time. It was only our line though we noticed, we had a very slow woman behind the counter.The location could not be better, you are central on the strip and go either north or south and are within walking distance of many or all of the hotels depending on how much you're willing to walk. All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in vegas, for the price I would say it offers the best value for your money on the strip.	
Oct 16 2009 	Luxury-want to return NOW!	Fantastic hotel, spacious, clean, great service from all staff. The room we had was very big (apart from the bathroom which was small) with plenty of room to store clothes, a great TV and a very comfy bed. We had a nice view of the hotel pool (which is fantastic!) and the strip. Food is on the pricey side, but its no more expensive then the other four and five star hotels in Vegas. The hotel is in a good location, as you can walk to most, if not all (if you're very fit!) hotels. The dolphins and tigers/lions at this hotel are a MUST. Go there, you wont be disappointed! Happy gambling!	
Oct 15 2009 	Great gaming and place to stay	The Mirage was an awesome place to stay-- a great location on the Strip-- right in the middle of all the activity. The casino was our favorite that we visited and we visited A LOT. It was also the best winnings for us. We actually made money on this trip and we played a lot of blackjack, so we were excited about that. The natural light from the jungle dome made the casino a nice place to be. The rooms were great and very modern. The view from the 22nd floor was priceless.	
Oct 15 2009 	Beautiful hotel nice pool a bit on the adult side -- but very nice!	We looked for a hotel with a great swimming pool as we expected our 5 year old to want to swim the entire vacation. The Mirage swimming pool did not disappoint. Although a bit crowded and difficult to get chairs during the midday, the pool was great, large, waterfalls and easily accessible bathrooms. Our room was lovely, although the view wasn't great, we could see a bit of the volcano show during the night. Internet access was not free, $15 for 24 hours. Our little girl slipped on the bathroom floor and split her lip open. All in all, not super kid-friendly, but do-able with one child or older children.Happy travels.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great location and rooms but...	The room was great and the price was right. My only problems were the $14.95 for 24 hours charge for Internet use when we only wanted to check email for about 1 hour a day. Free Wi Fi should be available. Also no coffee or tea making in the room. I also boycotted the dolphin and tiger displays as I have heard that the space they have is way too small and it is cruel. On a positive note, Cirque du Soleil's Love was fantastic.	
Oct 14 2009 	Fantastic stay exceeded expectations	The Mirage was a fantastic place to stay. I am a picky person and the Mirage exceeded my expectations. The room was clean and new, fantastic view of the pool/strip. Casino is beautiful as is the pool. Would definitely book my next Vegas trip at the Mirage.	
Oct 13 2009 	Location can't be beat	Having stayed at a number of mid-range hotel &amp; casino's, I was expecting much more from the Mirage. The room decor is dated. Ditch the furry orange pillows - grosz! I must say that the room was kept very clean and the amenities were nice. The pool was entirely packed every day at every time. My idea of relaxation is not lying in a lounge chair packed next to someone else on both sides. I like to be able to move my chair to face the sun, get in the shade, etc. ...not at the Mirage.... You are packed in a line with 20-some other chairs and not to be moved. Are the prices high because of the economy or what? I had a 16 oz tap beer poolside for $13; my husband had a bloody mary about the same size (in a different sort of glass) for $19. The gals next to us had lunch poolside. A very small sub sandwich that looked rather tasteless and blah wrapped in copious amounts of plastic no larger than my two fists put together was $25! I expect to pay more on vacation, but this seemed ridiculous! Check in and check out were quick. In fact, this is the first time ever we have been able to check into our room prior to the designated 3 pm. However, in calling the hotel to ask if we could (about 11:30 a.m.), I was told that we'd have to present before they could tell us anything. The room was quiet and there appeared to be some level of security later in the evening (10 p.m. plus), which is nice to have in Vegas. Overall, the location is the best feature of the Mirage. I'd stay again if rates were moderate or below.	
Oct 13 2009	Love staying at Mirage	My sister and I stayed here for 6 nights on a special email offer I received. Our room had been completely updated and was very comfortable and beautiful. We had zero complaints about our room. I love that you can open the windows a bit at the Mirage to bring in fresh air. We were there in January so it was nice and cool and the air fresh. We did need to close the window at night though to keep out the traffic noise on the strip. The room was very quiet and we never heard a peep from any neighboring rooms. Checkin/checkout was a breeze with friendly staff at the ready. The only minor complaint is that it is a long trek from the parking garage to the elevators for the rooms. Because of the layout you have to walk all the way through reception and wind your way through the casino to get to the elevators, looping back to close to where you entered from the garage. If they had only put in a small hall.....sigh :-) But really, its a minor complaint. The Mirage is in a perfect center strip location where you can fill your days walking to all that your heart desires. We are returning for another stay next February. Viva Las Vegas!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel	I stayed here in Oct 2009 for a weekend (this was my first trip to Las Vegas). I really liked the location of the hotel, in the middle of the strip, because it was easy to walk and visit some of the other hotels and casinos. My room was beautiful and newly renovated. The one minus was that it was a pool view and my first night there (when I was tired and jet-lagged), there was a concert going on at the pool until almost 2 am that sounded like it was in the hotel room. Also, if you're flying Southwest, check out their &quot;Southwest vacations&quot;, we were able to save a bunch of money by booking flight and room together!	
Oct 12 2009 	Newly Renovated and comfortable	Stayed at the Mirage for 3 nights for our 3rd wedding anniversary. We loved it! If your looking for a modern hotel that is both comfortable and convienient, the Mirage is for you! The pool at the Mirage is better then most on the strip. It has waterfalls, and bridges and is very organicly shaped.	
Oct 11 2009	Perfect in every way great hotel great weatherfriendly staff PERFECT	I received an offer to enjoy three complimentary nights at the Mirage. I was a bit skeptical at first but booked Aug 18-21for myself and a guest. I received first class service at check-in, a great room with a view of the strip, large flat screen TV, comfortable beds, etc. Staff supplying drinks while gambling were prompt and very pleasant. The location is perfect, close to lots of restaurants and entertainment. I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who enjoys casinos.Of course the value was outstanding, absolutely NO CHARGE----except for my gambling and that amount was entirely my call.	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful stay	Got a great package deal plus Love tickets at Mirage.We had a first class 3 day stay.It was wonderful.The service was excellent and the casino was top notch.Best deal around with lovely rooms and all amenities.	
Oct 9 2009 	Vegas Baby!	The staff at the Mirage were always very helpful and curteous. The food at the restuarants was wonderful as well.We enjoyed seeing the volcano &quot;come to life&quot; at night and really enjoyed Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden exhibit. The pool at the hotel was beautiful. Overall, we had an excellent trip.	
Oct 9 2009	Las Vegas get-a-way	We enjoyed an excellent 5 night get away trip to Las Vegas using southwest vacations.com. Our hotel, The Mirage, was exceptional and our flights were on time and comfortable. We had a bus tour to the casino town of Laughlin which is located on the Colorado River. This side trip was a nice trip to escape the hustle and bustle of Vegas for a day. Included also was a stop at Hoover Dam. The price we paid for this package was amazingly low for all that it included. I would recommend this trip to anyone who needs a get-a-way.	
Oct 9 2009 	Coffee would have been nice	I wished they would have had a coffee maker in the room. I had to get dressed, take the elevator downstairs, walk through the lobby and the casino before getting to a starbucks. It's not really my idea of enjoying my first cup of coffee in the morning. Just in case that sort of thing is important to you as well. The rest of the stay was fine though.	
Oct 9 2009 	Vegas Revisited	Checked in at 10:30 am and assigned a room on the 14th floor overlooking the strip and the volcano. We last went to Vegas six years ago when we stayed at New York New York. This time we rented a car and drove up the strip and made a left into the parking area. The Mirage and TI share the same access for parking and you can enter and exit from both sides of the hotels. The room was nice and the casino typical of the strip. Later I drove to Lindo Michoacan restaurant for lunch. It is a nice, but dark, place and I thought it was pretty good. We saw the Beatles Love show and enjoyed the spectacle. The music was just OK to me. Not enough of the real Beatles sound, but still worth seeing. The next day we drove to a Denny's on West Tropicana and enjoyed the tranquil atmosphere. Then we hit the highway and headed to Hoover Dam. Just before you get to the dam there is pay parking to the left. We parked there and walked down and across. It was impressive as always. What really impressed me was the new bridge . The arch is complete and they are working (I think) on the span. They erected two large towers on each side of the canyon and ran heavy cable which supports two cranes used to bring the materials and parts to the span. It is an interesting engineering feat. Later we drove to Ellis Island to try the food, I had the famous steak special and the wife tried the fried fish. We were happy with the food and service. We went back the next day and I tried another dish that I liked even though I was tempted to try the steak again. I thought I had my gambling system down (I only play craps) so I talked my wife into playing craps instead of the slots. I told her to play the pass line and she did, but she added her own touch so I let her learn the hard way I guess. I began with a hundred and she with fifty. I left with nothing and she with a hundred and sixty five. This was at the Main Street Hotel and Casino. You can park for three dollars and get it back inside the casino. We wanted to try the buffet and the omelet guy put on a good show. Then we walked down to Fremont Street and checked out old Vegas. We really enjoyed being off the main strip this time. We decided to play craps again while there so I changed a hundred and she fifty. I left with nothing and she with a hundred and 10 dollars. I really enjoyed watching her get into the game and leave a winner. What more could you ask for? The other highlight of our trip was seeing the Jersey Boys show. This is more of a stage production which differs from the Cirque du Solei shows. It was entertaining and interesting to hear the story of Frankie Valli. Both times we were in the last row, but still worth it. All in all a great three days and nights in Vegas.	
Oct 9 2009 	Love the Mirage!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Mirage in May this year for a few nights in a Deluxe Strip View King Room. Wow, we absolutely loved this hotel. The room was big, super comfy beds and with an awesome view of the strip, and is very reasonably priced! Pool area is fantastic, and the Dolphin Bar next to the pool is great for a drink too. Location is also very central on the strip, and the volcano show each night out the front is good, which we could see from our room. We plan on going back to Vegas next year, and will definatley be staying at the Mirage for its location, rooms and price! Oh, and the pool!	
Oct 8 2009	Exciting City	Stayed at the Mirage for the first time as we usually stay at the Paris/Bally. Room was large and clean with excellent view of the main strip. We watched the volcano erupt right from our room. Saw Jersey Boys, Love . Terry Fatter and Bette Midler over 5 night we were there. Food was excellent in the various restauants we ate. Had a great time even though temperatures avg. 105 during the day time. Mirage Pool was also excellent with plenty of seats in both sun and shade.	
Oct 8 2009 	It could only happen to me!	Loved the Mirage once again! New decor! Comfy beds, clean, quiet etc. One suggestion: we were traveling w/my daughter's family (a 2 1/2 and 4 1/2 yr old) and were separated by a couple of floors. Little did I know that if I went down the staircase to reach the next level (instead of using the elevators which meant always going to the main level and then back up again!) that I would be locked out! I had to walk (thankfully, down) nine flights of stairs to exit the hotel, discovered that I was near the pool area (luckily!) and was let into the area by a very nice employee. My son-in-law thought I had been drinking... I was merely out of breath! I felt like I was in a very bad sit-com! The bottom floor was one big continuous maze!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Mirage, had a quick and speedy check in and check out service. Room had a couple of problems upon arrival (TV not working) and staff had someone come up immediately to correct the problems. Room was large and bed comfy. Great place to stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Most comfortable beds EVER	We stayed at the Mirage as part of a trip that was purchased for us. We weren't given a choice of a hotel to stay at but we were pleasantly surprised with the Mirage. The rooms were absolutely gorgeous. We had a corner room that faced the strip with wall to wall windows that let the amazing view in. The rooms had great HDTV flat screens and seriously the MOST comfortable bed that I have ever slept on!! It had wonderful bedding on it (not that cheap nasty hotel bedding that you don't want to touch). The staff was wonderful &amp; we really enjoyed our stay!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Weekend	My wife and I stayed at the Mirage for her birthday. We had a great rate via a 30% off published rate. We were upgraded to a Tower Deluxe room. I asked nicely since it was my wife's birthday. Room was spacious, clean, and remodeled. Mirage is conveniently located in the middle of the Strip to Forum Shops and numerous casinos. Mirage casino has a great vibe and the sportsbook is the best. Both has great massages at the Spa. Overall an awesome stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Happy to return to the Mirage!	Stayed at the Mirage for 3 nights in September. I've been to Vegas many times and this was my first at the Mirage. The rooms were clean and spacious with comfortable bedding, plenty of storage for unpacking, very nice toiletries. You never had to wait for an elevator or be stuck in it while it stopped at every floor - which can be a nightmare in a crowded hotel. The casinos were also spacious and well ventilated; the smoke never got too bad. Restaurants were great!!! The Carnegie Deli is like being downtown Manhattan - a sight for sore eyes to this former New Yorker. The BLT Burger had some of the best burgers and milk shakes!! Their buffet also was excellent. Every dish we tried was VERY good. We were pleasantly surprised. There is a cafe by the pool which also served a nice lunch.The pool was lovely - expansive with plenty of seating and a nice way to relax for a few hours to get away from the hustle and bustle of Vegas. All staff we encountered were pleasant, friendly and helpful. The Beatles Love show was a wonderful treat and we heard great things about Terry Fator but were unable to get tickets this time around. At other hotels in Vegas, they give you a &quot;coupon book&quot; (if you will) that offers discounts for various restaurants, shops, and shows at the hotel. Makes sense to me - with all these choices in Vegas, why not give you an incentive to spend ALL your money at their facility? But not so with the Mirage. We would have liked some discount perhaps for the shows there, or their restaurants and attractions. (ie: animal habitat) Oh well.... The drinks at the lounges were pretty pricey. ($15 for a glass of house wine) For those of you who don't know Vegas, the Mirage is nicely located in easy walking distance of some of the nicer hotels to cruise through and see their attractions. On a scale of 1-10, with 10 being the plushest of the Vegas hotels, Mirage rates a 7 or 8. So it has a very nice feel to it. All in all, we were very happy with our choice to stay at the Mirage and would definitely return. If nothing else, we'll have to make it a point to have a meal at the Carnegie and a milk shake at the BLT!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location with Fantastic Amenities	I was at the Mirage for a business trip, but there was plenty of play time as well. The Mirage is well-situated on the strip an easy walk to most major hotels and casinos. The bell men took our luggage and happily stored it until our rooms were ready (we arrived 3 hours before check in because of our flight times), which was a big help. The gym and spa, although pricey at $25 per day, were well worth the money.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location and great pool	The location was great as was the tropical style pool. The downside is the slamming doors in the hotel rooms......beginning at 7:30 AM. It happened every single morning.	
Oct 8 2009 	Many diasppointments with the Mirage	We stayed at The Mirage Sept 30- Oct 3. This was the second part of a 6 night stay that included Mandalay Bay (separate review). Unfortunately, there were not many highlights of this part of our stay. We got to the Mirage about 1:30 and approached the check-in desk. We were told that our room would not be ready for three hours and that was with a rush on it. We were a little surprised as we were checking in on a Wednesday, not a particularly busy day I thought. We dropped off our luggage with the bell hop and went to an area around the sports betting room and waited till about 4. Went back to see if our room was ready and were told no, not yet. I asked her why it took so long to clean a room. She said it was because it was a Tower Suite, it took longer; but 3 hours? I asked her is she had any other Tower suites available (as we requested a non-smoking) and I was amazed that they did have a smoking one available. I asked why, if I was already here, you would not clean the room I had requested before the smoking rooms. No real answer. I then asked if the smoking room would have a strong smoke odor and her reply was “. . . well they have been smoking in them for 20 years, so what do you think?” I asked for an upgrade to a Penthouse Suite, or some resort credit for having to wait since check-in is supposed to be at 3 and it was 4:30 by now; again she said that she could not. I tried to call my travel agent, but with the time change, they were closed for the day. So we waited about 15 more minute and then the room was ready.We had room A-55, a Tower Suite, which you access through private elevators for floors A-E. This floor is designated non-smoking, but the hallway still smelled like old cigar smoke. The room itself had no smell. The double doors to the room shook every time someone else opened or closed their door and did not feel too secure. The room itself was very outdated and extremely worn. It has the look I would describe as Golden Girls. Everything was very bright and had a whitewashed look from the late 80’s. I was expecting the room to be remodeled since I had heard that most other rooms had been but was surprised to hear from the bellman, which was very nice, that they stopped remodeling on the 25 floor. All their suites are above that floor and all of us could not understand why you would not renovate your better rooms first. The room itself was clean, but felt dirty as everything was old and worn. There was a huge armoire with the TV, not even a flat screen, and hodge-podge stereo equipment. Fabric on the chairs and sofas was old and felt kind of gross to sit on. The dining table had an ugly chandelier above it. The wet bar did have a separate fridge, but the tiles were a light marble and the sink was bright brass. The bathroom had 2 walls of mirrors and a huge vanity area that was unappealing. There was a nice, large closet and chest for clothes. The separate toilet and bidet room also had a mirrored wall in it that I found somewhat gross. The bedroom had a cabinet at the end of the bed where a TV would pop out, but ours was stuck up, again another old tube TV. Bed was nice and comfortable. The view was only partially of the strip, but even that view was hard to see at the hotel had put a wrap over the top 5 floor windows advertising their Beatles, Love, show. It is very hard to see out of the windows as the wrap only has tiny holes to look through. Also one of the outer panes of glass was cracked.The hotel itself has an old vibe and did not seem to be modern at all. The casino was dark and smokey with low ceilings, not what we have witnessed at other hotels in Vegas. It was a very long way to get from the check-in to the elevators. Trudging through the casino with you luggage is not that fun. We did not have that problem at Mandalay Bay. While the pool area is very nice with large pools and waterfalls, there is too many tall trees that shade much of the lounge chairs. If you want the sun, you will need to move often or keep turning you chair.The last night we were there we went to bed early as we had an early flight. There was a concert poolside to celebrate their 20th anniversary. The concert started at 10pm and went to 1:30am with music so loud that stuff in the room was shaking and we were on the 26th floor. So we did not get much sleep that night and had a long day to get back home. Other then the nice location on the strip, we would never stay there again. There were too many disappointments and very few bright spots of this hotel. Maybe it was because we had a great time at Mandalay Bay before and our expectations were high from that or it is just a property that needs some improvement on its staff and rooms.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	Really enjoyed our 4 night stay at The Mirage - great room, central location. As with all Strip hotels, the ground floor is manic, pricey and smokey but once you are away from this it is surprisingly peaceful. The only complaint is that there are no tea/coffee making facilities in the room so take a travel kettle. The mini bar fridge in the room is stuffed and charges automatically but we quickly learned that they will bring up a small fridge upon request at no charge.	
Oct 7 2009 	Fantastic hotel Great location	We stayed at the Mirage for 3 nights of our honeymoon&amp;were so pleased this is where we picked what a great hotel.Check in was fast room was really nice with a strip view.The hotel sent us a complimentary bottle of champagne on our wedding day.You could go to Vegas &amp;not leave this hotel it has everything under one roof good restaraunts bars &amp;casino.Can highly reccommend it.Super stay	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Hotel ideally situated on the strip.	From check in to departure we encountered courteous staff and excellent service. We were given an excellent room on 24th floor overlooking the strip - even had its own private elevator! Our room was spacious and spotlessly clean, with all the usual amenities, including huge tv. There are numerous dining choices within the Mirage (as well as elsewhere on the strip), but the breakfast buffet in 'Cravings' at $15 per person is an excellent way to start the day. There's so much choice it's hard to say no. Booked to see Cirque du Soleil's Beatles tribute show, 'Love'. What a treat, it was fantastic.	
Oct 6 2009 	The Mirage Hotel and Casino was FANTASTIC!!!	I recently stayed at The Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas, for 5 nights. We had a late check-in, as our flight didn't get in until 8pm. There were no lines at the check-in desk and the front desk staff there could not have been nicer. We got the non-smoking/2 Queen room that we asked for and it was lovely. The room and bathroom were very clean and tidy. The beds were the most comfortable that I have ever slept in. When I arrived back home, my own bed felt terrible after sleeping at the Mirage!!! Everyone there was very accomodating and couldn't do enough for you. We do not gamble, but I found the casino to be not as smokey as some, which is good since you have to walk through it to get to just about everything. The restaurants at the Mirage were very good, but also very expensive and the portions are huge. If you want to save money, it's best to share meals. The Carnegie Deli, for example, is wonderful, but the sandwiches could feed a family of 4 !!! Get one and split it, if you are not a big eater. The Paradise Cafe', by the pool area is very nice for Breakfast or Lunch. It is a beautiful setting and quieter than some of the restaurants inside the hotel. California Pizza Kitchen is great and a real bargain, if you do not want to spend an &quot;arm and a leg&quot; for a good meal. The pool there is beautiful, but arrive early if you want to find a lounge chair - it fills up fast. Don't miss the volcano, which is incredible! We were very impressed to see security guards at each elevator, in the evening, asking to see your room key, before they let you enter the elevator corridor. It made us feel very safe there. And last but certainly not least.... You must see Cirque du Soleil &quot;LOVE&quot; - it was unbelievable - words cannot describe how great it was!!!! It was definitely the highlight of our trip. The location of The Mirage is in the center of the strip, which is great, if you do not rent a car. Most of the tourist attractions are within walking distance. Be sure to see Madame Tussaud's wax museum, across the street at the Venetian. There is a monorail stop, across the street at Harrah's, which is very convienient, if you do not want to walk. The nice thing about the stop at Harrah's is that you do not have to walk a mile just to get to the monorail station - it's not too far from the entrance to Harrah's. I would highly recommend The Mirage if you want a great place to stay for a reasonable price.	
Oct 6 2009 	Would Stay Again	This was our 11th trip to Las Vegas and our first time at the Mirage. After reading some earlier reviews we were a little concerned, however there was no reason to be. We arrived around 10:30 a.m.,check-in was a breeze. We asked if we could have a strip view room and she said it wasn't ready yet, no problem we'll come back later. We came back around 3:00, the room was ready. Went to the room called for our luggage and it arrived in about 10 mins. The room was clean and updated. But as people have stated, the bathroom is quite small. When you open the bathroom door it almost hits the toilet. The bed was comfy but my husband and I weren't a huge fan of the pillows that everyone raves about. Actually my husband had a stiff neck the whole trip. All the other Vegas hotels we've stayed in have had floor to ceiling windows. The Mirage windows are more like a Holiday Inn window which gives more of a closed in feeling in the room. This is just my personal preference but not a deal breaker. The pool is beautiful but like everyone says people line up early. It doesn't open up until 8:00 but people start lining up at 7:15. People we were with who's room overlooked the pool saw one man in line at 6:10 every morning (a bit ridiculous). The casino is average, we didn't have any luck there. We ate at two of the hotel restaurants, California Pizza, it was okay but it was late so anything would be okay. The other was BLT, pretty decent burgers and much better than Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay where a burger can cost $22.00. All in all it's a good hotel and we would definately stay there again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent place to stay	This hotel was fantastic. We stayed there on our honeymoon and was well taken care of by all the staff. It was one of the best hotels we have stayed at.	
Oct 5 2009 	Food poisoning - and outrageously insensitive response	The hotel seemed nice enough.Until we had dinner at Japonais, the sushi place.I woke up the next morning with vomiting &amp; diarrhea, pretty much lost the whole weekend.I wasn't too upset about it, I called the hotel and hoped that customer service would somehow make it right. Instead, they transferred me around to &quot;security&quot; and then &quot;risk management&quot;, and then took a formal report. Like I was calling the cops.A week later, I went to wait in line at the post office to pick up a CERTIFIED LETTER. It's from the Mirage. They are telling me the Mirage doesn't own the restaurant inside it's own hotel and so there's nothing they will do about it.&quot;We hope this will not deter you from visiting the Mirage again in the near future.&quot;Really?I called them back, incredulous about the letter, and after a while on hold, she says she's sorry but they can't override what Risk Management told me.I travel quite a bit, and I've had some problems here and there at different hotels, and never has any hotel responded quite like this. Astounding.I do not recommend this place to ANYONE.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great attitude	We spent 4 nights at the Mirage as we were there for a convention across the street. We were upgraded to the 24th floor without paying anything extra. Maybe because we checked in on a Wednesday night and we were staying for 4 nights made up for the $20 other people have mentioned. Amyway, we come to Las Vegas about once a year for business and this was the first time we had stayed at this hotel. We noticed that the service and helpfulness of all the staff at this hotel was exemplary. Don't know if it's because everyone knows that if they screw up they become a victim of the unemployment line because of the lousy economy or if they just train their employees very well. We've stayed elsewhere on the strip for more money where the staff have been much ruder. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants except for the quick coffee and danish place by the Terry Fator theater every morning. Service here was also very good even with long lines waiting for their morning hit of java. Hotel is very quiet. Don't hear any of your neighbors. Slash was playing on Friday night at the Bare pool, so we just opened the window and enjoyed a free concert, even though we could barely see them from the 24th floor. Overall, for what we paid and what we got, it's the best deal going on the strip right now for the money. You can pay less, but you'll get a lot less too. Only gripe is that they still charge $14.95 for internet service a day.	
Oct 4 2009 	Wonderful Hotel and Staff	We stayed 2 nights at the Mirage September 29th and 30th for our 40th wedding anniversary. We received an upgrade to a strip view room. The room wasn't a remodeled room but it was very nice and comfortable. We told the young lady that checked us in that September 30th was our 40th anniversary. When we returned to our room on September 30th, there was a bottle of champagne on ice and glass. This was such a pleasant surprise! All the staff went out of there way to be nice and helpful.We went to see the Beatles Love for our anniversay and the show was amazing. We alsowent to the Terry Fator Show and it was also amazing. We had a great time and we won some money in there casino. We can't wait to back to Las Vegas and we hope to stay at the Mirage again. We loved it!!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Great bed. Nice room luxury admenities	I was very impressed with the rooms at the Mirage Hotel. The room was spacious, the bed super comfortable. Best of all very quite. You would not know that the casino was down stairs. The room was as nice as the pictures on their web site. Very nice soups, shampoo, lotions. One criticism.. there was no coffee in the room. I felt the food and drink in the Casino was very good but also very expensive. We went to Siegfried and Roy's Hidden Garden and loved it. This is something you should not miss. We normally stay off the strip for business. This was a nice change and I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 3 2009 	Good hotel in great location	Arrived from Ireland mid afternoon after long flight &amp; taxi took 20mins &amp; cost $25 incl tip. Hotel stay was pre paid for 3nights and waited in line for 10mins before we were checked in. I was not offered any room upgrade etc &amp; was given a room on 6th floor with a view of a roof belonging to some part of the hotel.We were happy with the room but the bathroom was very small. We had the buffet in Cravings &amp; dinner in Samba Brazilian Steakhouse and we enjoyed both &amp; felt prices were fair. We paid $80 each for The Beatles show &amp; it was fantastic.I did not gamble but the Casino was always very busy with lots of people playing the slots. Overall we enjoyed our stay but when I return I will stay in some other hotel around the same area as Mirage location is great.	
Oct 3 2009 	Fantastic in every aspect	My wife and I just returned from a 5 day stay at The Mirage. Booked a standard room online and the $20 trick worked to perfection for an upgrade to a 25th floor Towe Deluxe Room. Check in was around 8:00 pm on a Sunday evening and we had one person in line before us.Our room on arrival was clean and well stocked. The bed was fabulous which is key if you suffer from back pain like I do. Woke up every morning with no aches or pains in the back. The head was a different story some mornings.......Maid service was consistent every day. Bathroom was cleaned properly daily, however some people may not appreciate that shampoo/conditioner/body soap was not changed until empty. Did not bother us at all. Why unnecessarily waste??Two room issues: glass door in shower leaked. Leakage depended on which way the shower head was pointed. Small lake on floor first morning after first shower.Second issue: air conditioning is on motion sensor so when you wake up or return to the room it can be warm and stuffy. It cools down after some time.Location cannot be beat. We prefer the northern part of the strip so The Mirage was perfect for us.Food: ate at BLT burger our first night and it is highly recommended. Had the Cravings Buffet twice. Standard buffet fare. Nothing special. We are outside the casino most days.Casino: The casino is well laid out and easy to navigate. As a Canadian coming from a city witih a wide ranging smoking ban I did not find The Mirage's casino to be too bad in terms of smoke. I did well on the $1 video poker and the poker room is average in terms of how it is run. I almost missed my table call as there are no speakers outside the room.Pool: really separates The Mirage from most other strip properties. It is large and beautiful. On warm/hot days it can be hard to locate chairs as people reserve them with towels and it is crowded but what do you expect froma hotel with 3,044 rooms and most of the clientele being sun seekers? The chairs pushed together are an annoyance but they are wide so it is not like you are bumping nasties with your neighbour. Later in the afternoon is the time to go.$15/day internet charges are annoying but rather standard now in higher range hotels.Checkout was a breeze. We went down mid morning to settle the tab and waited in line for 3 minutes at most. Paid our tab and the gentleman at the desk said to keep keys on us until noon then leave in room. This allowed an extra 90 mins to walk around and enjoy the hotel.All in all The Mirage is a top quality hotel that you can get discounts on by signing up online for e-mail deals. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nicer than average hotel room and Vegas experience.	
Oct 3 2009 	Las Vegas is Fabulous!!!	My friend and I visited during the weekend of the Meriweather fight. It was a Moms' Getaway/Birthday Weekend and we had an awesome time! We really didn't want to be around a bunch of Cancun/Spring Break-types, but we did want to have a lot of adult fun! The hotel is very nice; fancy without the atmosphere being snobby. The atrium and aquarium gives it a very tropical feel. It complimented the overall ambiance of the hotel. They need to have someone cleaning the entrance glass doors throughout the day. All of the smudges can throw off your first impression. I just love the fact that Vegas never sleeps! Definitely a playground for grown-ups! Check-in took about 20 minutes. I asked for an upgrade and was told that it would be $15/night extra. It would have been nice if it would have been complimentary considering it was our first time in Vegas. We did get comp. tickets to Secret Garden/Dolphin Habitat by booking online through the hotel. I wouldn't spend full price for that either, but it was enjoyable. We also got a $40 food credit that we used our first night for dinner. I wouldn't suggest Cravings Buffet if paying full-price. The food was tasty, but I thought there would be a bit more choices in food. My favorites: spring rolls, prime rib, cannoli. It was fun people-watching! The Carnegie was just too overpriced! Go to Fashion Show Mall and eat lunch at the food court.We loved the room! We were on 23rd floor facing Treasure Island. It would have been great to view the Strip, but the view of the mountains every morning was beautiful! Housekeeping was ok; the room was straightened up and I had to ask for extra towels and wash clothes. We saw the volcano the first night - very entertaining, but how many times can you watch it and still be amazed! Hang around about 15 minutes before the show starts to get a nice spot by the railing. It was on our to-do list and enjoyed it. It would have been nice if the internet service was cheaper! The charge was $14/day! Needless to say, we didn't get it. If you have it on your cellphone, use that. I loved that security is posted by the elevators in the evenings and ask to see your room key before letting you through.The casino was just that and the stale, smokey smell took some getting used to. Most of the casinos smelled like that so don't hold it against them. I loved the slots! The drink ladies take forever to come back after you get your first drink (free of course). You have to be at the tables betting your life away to get steady drinks. The pool was very lush! The pool staff needs to work on customer service and act like they're not being disturbed during their side conversation. They are young kids - summer job thing so don't expect much from them besides where to get a towel. The pool area could use some music. The waterfall was beautiful. It felt like a resort pool.We weren't thrilled with Jet nightclub. It was our last night and we got downstairs about 20 minutes after the complimentary entry time of 12:30a. We didn't know that they offered that and were pretty snooty about not letting us in even though we were patrons of the hotel. Rude! Tao at the Venetian was fun!Walk around and browse the stores, the atrium and the grounds in general. The night time is beautiful and taking in the hotel sights is a nice way to slow down for a moment. Take the tram that connects Mirage and TI; it'll save you some steps on the way to the mall. Walgreens is across the street at the Venetian - great for cash back (ATM fee at Mirage is $4.99), souvenirs, basic necessities, snacks. I would definitely recommend this hotel for atmosphere, cost, location (further south on the Strip look a little bummy).Make sure you call service for shuttle pick-up to the airport the night before your departure. Also, don't forget to get your cash from Walgreens the night before. We used Grayline bus shuttle ($6.50).	
Sep 30 2009 	Beautiful but needs work	Just got back from 3 nights at the Mirage. Booked a package through Southwest Airlines and got a Deluxe room, strip view on 16th floor. No upgrades with two beds available but was given line passes and Secret Garden passes just for asking. I would not have paid $15 each for Secret Garden passes. Room was updated, just so-so on cleanliness. Had to wash hair out of tub, lots of items missing from room (privacy card for door, toilet paper, full set of towels. etc), but when asked everything was delivered quickly. Had a whole fiasco with Room keys not working involving 6 trips to front desk, two trips each to room by security and locksmith. Has two drinks at Revolution bar - $30 and my drink was served with a fly floating in the glass. Restaurants very expensive, Pool beautiful, casino not very crowded at all. Lovely place but really needs to improve customer service.	
Sep 29 2009 	What a hotel - fantastic	We stayed at the Mirage for 10 nights in September and loved the place. The location is fab, hotel is enormous but they all are in Vegas! Food in the hotel not really cheap but plenty of places to eat out in Vegas!It isn't cheap to stay here but well worth th extra cash!We will certainly return!!	
Sep 29 2009 	Cannot be beaten	Checked in on the 7th Sept 09 around 6pm and the experience was very quick and efficient. Only one person in front of us and they had plenty of reception staff. I had read a couple of reviews about the rooms having small bathrooms which concerned me a little so as we checked in I mentioned that we were getting married whilst we were there so would like a room with a big bathroom to get ready.. It was no problem at all. We were given a huge room on the 25th floor with fantastic views of the pool, dolphins and strip. ..and the bathroom was amazing (His and hers sinks, jacuzzi bath and huge separate shower cubicle. If this hotel room was in England, it would definitely be a 5 star!! The beds and pillows were the best we have ever experienced which makes them very difficult to drag yourself out of!! Floors 24 &amp; 25 have separate elevators so getting up and down to our room was a breeze. They sent up a bottle of champagne the night before we got married which was an excellent touch. The hotel looks fantastic. There is a massive fish tank along the reception wall and the Atrium is beautiful. The Casio was huge but not as big as some we saw (which is not a bad thing). We expected it to be a bit smokey for us and we kind of got used to the smoking ban in the UK but it was not a problem at all. Pool looked amazing but very busy. We didn’t use it as didn’t have time but we had a walk around and it looked fab. You have to very intimate with your fellow sunbathers as all the sunbeds were in rows and touching each other (I think that may have bothered me). Location The hotels location is perfect. It was right in the heart of the action in the centre of the strip. All our favourite hotels were within walking distance so it really was perfect. Food/Drink/Entertainment You really could have stayed for a month and have eaten at all the places available to eat. We didn’t eat here much mainly because we were out and about most of the week..All the restaurants looked fantastic and they were always buzzing with lots of people. We used the Carnegie Deli a couple of times for breakfast which was lovely. We didn’t try the buffet as portions out there are big enough without having the option to eat as much as you can! The restaurants are pretty expensive but no more than anywhere else in Vegas. For people on a budget (as we were) there is Denny’s (fab for breakfast)and McDonalds across the road and most hotels have food courts (Try Nathans hotdogs if you get chance) We loved the sports bar which we sat in a few evenings watching the world go by and the Revolution bar was great too. We went to see the Beatles “Love” show on Saturday night which was pretty good. Again, very expensive but if you ask for discount it makes it more reasonable. They knocked us 40% off and said they give discount to anyone that asks. They also give you a couple of vouchers for a free drink in the Revolution bar. Would have loved to have seen Terry Fator but didn’t have the spare bucks unfortunately. All in all we made the perfect choice here. We walked around most of the other Casino Hotels and thought we had picked the best one for price, location, amenities and atmosphere. There were prettier and more lavish hotels like the Encore/Bellagio etc but I’m not sure we would have felt so much at home at these places. Stay here, you will not be disappointed!! Vegas Recommendations:- Grand Canyon - Grand Adventures did a brilliant tour. Perfect!! Weddings – Little Chapel of the flowers. Again perfect from start to finish. Great afternoon in the bar – Go see Big Elvis at Bill’s Gambling Hall. Great entertainment and the bar is one of the cheapest in Vegas!!	
Sep 29 2009	A good stay	I stayed at the Mirage during the same period last year and LOVED it. I still like it after this stay but I definately saw some changes compared to last year. The stay was much cheaper this year due to some deals that I was able to get online mainly I think because of the recession in the US. I think this recession probably caused some cutbacks in the hotels as well ( I am Canadian and we were not hit as badly by the recession as our nieghbors to the south so I can only guess at this based on what I have seen in the news and from my experience). We landed early at 10:30 am and were exhausted from the early flight and time change so we decided to try to get into our room at this time and we were very relieved when we were able to do this. We got the room on a deal as I said so we didn't care that it was on the 8th floor and had a view of the trump and not much else not a big deal to us. I went to take a shower and realized after getting in that the inside shower curtain was caked with what i sincerely hope was mold and not something more disgusting on the inside of it--that was a big deal to us, when I got out of the shower I grabbed a towel and it was covered in a mysterious brown stain that I also didn't want to think too much about. I know it was washed but it still doesn't seem right to leave that for a guest to use. In all fairness we didnt' have anything but clean towels for the rest of the stay and we called housekeeping and asked for a new shower curtain the next day which of course they said they were happy to do I left a note for the maid as a reminder with an extra tip to ensure that it would get done and it did. The makeup mirror in the bathroom was broken and the alarm clock by the beds wouldn't light up. All minor things but I was surprised because all of these rooms were only remodeled last year and when I was there after the renovation everything was high quality and pristine and now i can't help but wonder if some of the renovations were done too cheaply as they don't seem to be holding up well. Overall minor problems nothing that would wreck my vacation or stay I will stay at the mirage again as the location and the price really can't be beat.	
Sep 28 2009 	Perfect location in centre of the "strip" Standard issue American hotel room.	Ideal spot in the, better, middle part of the strip. Standard U.S hotel room but perfectly acceptable not that you should be spending much time in the room in Vegas!Huge pool area adjacent to the actually quite good dolphin and big cat attraction. A little surprised that guests of the hotel didn't get free or discounted access to Siegried and Roys secret garden but hey good all the same. Better restaurants and shopping available next door at Caesars or opposite at the Venetian.Overall very reasonable relatively trendy rooms and Ideally located for a trip to Vegas.	
Sep 28 2009 	Spoil yourself! It's worth the extra!	We stayed here for 3 nights, what a fantastic hotel! Brilliant location, great amenities, lovely large, modern, very clean, plush rooms! Would recommend, will stay again!	
Sep 28 2009 	Beautiful hotel	We chose the Mirage the hotel for our honeymoon. From check-in to (reluctant) departure, the hotel does everything a fine establishment is supposed to do. The hotel is well-maintained (an amazing feat given the 24-hour nature of the place) and offers an excellent location with proximity to the rest of the strip. It was stated that the pool is the best of all the major hotels; I have no reason to think otherwise. We're not much on the gambling, but there appears to be be nothing missing from the choices at the hotel. Two hamburgers and two drinks came to $50 with tip at the BLT Burger. It was all the encouragement I needed to go elsewhere for all other meals. The Mirage would do itself a favor by lowering prices in the restaurants; it would keep more of its guests venturing to other establishments. All things considered, it is an excellent hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	Do not look anywhere else - the Mirage has everything and more!	Just got back from 7 nights at the Mirage with my Wife. We have been to Vegas several times before and stayed in the Venetian and MGM. The Mirage is by far the best! There is a great selection of restaurants ranging from good value Pizza to fine dining and lots of good bars and clubs. The pool is delightful although it does get busy. If you are going over the weekend I would recommend reserving a poolside lounger for $50 USD. It is well worth it as you can rock up any time you like, the chairs are more comfortable than the normal ones and you can settle up your drinks/food bill at the end rather than every time you get a drink. Plus, you get a great location by the pool. The best thing thing overall is the atmosphere in the Mirage. It is really great and in my opinion makes this by far the best place to stay. It may cost more than some of the other hotels on the strip - but when you're going to Vegas - why not splash out and make it one to remember!	
Sep 27 2009 	Oasis in the Dessert	We stayed at the Mirage the same weekend as the Mayweather fight. Overall, we had a great experience. We arrived after 9 pm on Thursday night, so they had run out of deluxe king rooms. We were offered either a deluxe queen room or a handicap accessible room. We took the accessible room, with an understanding that they would call us when a deluxe king with a strip view became available the next day. I would definitely recommend doing the room change rather than staying in the accessible room for your entire trip. The accessible room did not have quite as many of the upgrades found in the other remodeled rooms. Plus, it didn't have any counter space in the bathroom. The room move went smoothly. We just had to call before 4 pm the next day. When we called down for the change, they changed our keys for us and told us that we were moving to a room on the same floor. We were moved to room 21076, and it was an awesome room. I wouldn't say as much for the room service. My husband's sandwhich was way better than my pasta. If you do order room service, you only need one order because the portions are huge. We only went to the pool for a short time, but it was really nice. We went in the late afternoon, so there were plenty of seats available. When we left, we went to the Secret Garden to see the white tigers. We went around 5:30, which was the perfect time. All of the animals were really active. Two of the younger tigers were play fighting in their pond. We also got to see the trainers grooming one of the large males. All five of the dolphins were in the pools while we were there. I thought that it was well worth the $15. We only ate at one of the restaurants. We would highly recommend BLT Burger. The casino was nice. I would probably think that it was nicer if we had won. We had a great stay, and the hotel was in a great location. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Everything you need and want from Las Vegas	The Las Vegas Mirage Hotel and Casino is my favorite Vegas destination. Several times a year I visit Las Vegas with my significant other and if I don't stay at the Mirage, I will visit the Casino nonetheless. The Mirage has the right blend of class/fun and excitement that you expect from Las Vegas. Whether you want to hit the tables or relax by the pool, the amenities of the Mirage always please. Although there are hotels that may have better pools, casinos, food, ect., none of them have do it all very well. The Mirage does does each of the above extremely well; and consequently, it is one of the best Hotels in Las Vegas. The suites at the MIrage are the best value in Las Vegas. They are large, classy, and very affordable. I stay in the penthouse or tower suite whenever I go. I receive deals through my email that alerts me when an upcoming suite deal is available. [Typically in the Winter and early Spring.]I have stayed at the following hotels: Luxor, Tropicana, Hooters, Excallibur, NY NY, MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay, Treasure Island, Bellagio, and many others... however, the Mirage simply is the most well-rounded. It offers everything I love about Vegas in one-stop. I highly recommend the Mirage.	
Sep 27 2009 	Fantastic the best holiday we've ever had...........	This was our holiday of a lifetime and the Mirage certainly lived up to everything we had expected and more! The room was large and kept clean. The bed was huge and so comfortable, great nights sleep!!! Staff were polite and helpful. The pool was amazing, it didn't bother us that we had to queue in the mornings to get a good poolside lounger. The Mirage was situated in possibly the best location as was central to everything. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning there as soon as we can.	
Sep 26 2009 	Awesome Stay	OK it's time for me to WRITE a review instead of just reading everyone elses. Just got back from a 4 night stay. 6 people 3 rooms. Two reg. rooms with pool views and the hospitality suite with a Volcano view.The rooms: Very nice, clean well appointed and good size. Beds are great for what little time we slept in them. Maid service was fantastic except for one room had some small issues. Why I don't know. In the suite they almost went as far as cleaning the overspill on the tube of toothpaste.The suite was incredible. Very modern. Large screen TV pops up from th foot of the bed. Huge dining room area. Large bathroom with Jacuzzi off the main bedroom. Entertainment system stereo etc. Upgraded to the suite for only $60 a night PLUS free internet for our whole stay. What a DEAL!!The pool: What a blast that day. I highly reccommend a cabana. Living large baby. Champagne taste on a beer budget but what the hell. Cheese and cracker plates, sodas, water, fruit plates, misters to cool you down. It can't get any better than lying pool side while watching the Angels play the Yankees in your private cabana. Girls came by often to see if we needed anything. I recommend cabana #7Cirque Bealtles Love show: fantastic everyone in our group gave it a 10. The machines: I have read they are tight. They weren't for us . Everyone came up ahead except one person.The food: Went to the buffet for breakfast. Wasn't that good. Everyone gave it a 4.Carnegie Deli. Where else but in Vegas can you get 2 grilled ham and cheese sandwiches for $25. BLT burger was very good but also pricey.The garden and dolphin habitat: This was OK. Got lucky and managed to see the trainers interacting with the dolphins. This is not done on a schedule but if you see this exhibit it is best to hang around and wait for it. Summary: Everyone of us said we would come back and stay at this hotel. Friendly and helpful staff and a great location.	
Sep 25 2009 	Clean and comfortable	If you can go to Vegas mid-week especially if you are travelling with a family. We arrived on a Wednesday but Friday night was awful it was so busy it was hard to even walk along the street. We self-parked you don't need to use the valet service and it takes forever to drive along the Strip. Having asked for non-smoking the only connecting rooms we could get (travelling with 2 teenagers) were smoking, so we took those and they moved us as soon as they could the next day. Despite their assurances the smoking rooms even though fairly newly renovated were a bit smelly. Beds were very soft &amp; consistently comfortable. We stopped in Las Vegas to do a helicopter tour of the Grand Canyon with Heli USA (amazing well worth the cost), but it is not a city for children. Our teenagers weren't very impressed with the &quot;atmosphere&quot; but we all thought the buildings / fountains were pretty amazing. Very expensive food at the Mirage there are a number of food courts at the other casinos with much cheaper options. Google broadway box website for coupon codes for accommodation discounts, we booked this casino direct using a code for a HUGE discount. Tip: put the bed bolster along the bottom of the door into the corridor and it cuts out the noise from the hallway. Reception desk had a long queue.	
Sep 25 2009 	Lovely hotel	This was our first trip to Las Vegas, so we booked a flight and hotel through Sunwing. The hotel we were assigned was The Mirage and it was a wonderful, serendipitous choice!Our original plan was for a king sized bed, but we asked if we could get something with a view as it was our first trip and our fifth wedding anniversary. The friendly clerk gave us a room with a pool view on the 21st floor that happened to overlook quite a bit of the strip. We were enchanted to see everything starting to light up! The pool looked very nice, but we didn't check it out.The Cravings buffett was really nice with lots of variety - Asian, Italian, BBQ, carving station, dessert bar, salad bar and noodle bar as well as sushi and other seafood. It was a touch on the expensive side at about $25 per person.The room was very modern and comfortable with soft pillows and a trendy design. It was very spacious and featured a widescreen TV. Internet is $14.99 for a 24 hour period, so we didn't go online. There are a couple of shops attached to the hotel by the Terry Fator Theatre, although there weren't many bargains in it.There is a Dollar Rent A Car kiosk there and we rented a car for two days. The clerks there were very helpful and had us on our way fast. We would definitely stay at The Mirage again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Never lets us down - great for groups of guys	Myself and a few friends have been to Vegas a couple times, but we cant seem to stray from the Mirage. It has the best location for us (central strip, cheap food and gaming across the street, next to Caesars, tram to TI, and easy drive (taxi ride) to Rio, Palms, and gentleman's clubs near Industrial Road on busy nights), but the image also fits us perfectly. Paradise at an affordable price. Pool is amazing, I think best on strip and better than Mandalay Bay (and full of cute girls). Also pool-side drink service is great, and if you order &quot;large&quot; you get a cool souvenir plastic glass. Buffet is one of the best, with several options that you would never imagine. BLT Burger on site has awesome burgers! We always tip $20 or $50 at check-in in hopes of an upgrade (and have never been let down). Also should mention that the cots (roll-a-way beds) are the most comfortable myself or my friends have ever experienced. They have done a great job keeping this aging (in a good way) beauty fresh, hip, and up to date. Love the place.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Staff	There were 23 members of my family staying at the Mirage. Every one of us commented on how incredible the entire hotel staff were. A special thank you to the cabana host. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Amazing swimming pool great location average rooms	After a really tough choice over which hotel to choose in Vegas, we settled on the Mirage (mainly based on location and average price!) The hotel location was perfect and in the centre of the strip- a good place to base yourself.Check in was fine and simple. Other reviews complained about walking through the Casino to get to the lifts but this really didn't bother us and in Vegas the hotels are so big it is usually inevitable! The rooms were a slight disappointment- I expected a bit more luxury then we had. The room was almost identical to the Hyatt we had stayed in during our stop in San Francisco. (This was still fine however I think we expected a bit more with it being a hotel in Vegas!) The bathroom was the most disappointing (again clean, functional and nothing wrong at all) however had expected a nice marble bath and was just a really, really basic shower over small plasticy bath (that you wouldn't have a luxurious bath in!)The pool was amazing and if you want somewhere with a great pool to chill around then I think the Mirage has one of the best, if not the best, going. Although it does get really busy we had no problems getting a sunbed later in the afternoon when we visited.I would recommend the Mirage but then again I think many of the hotels are pretty similar- shop around for the best deal and stay in one in the middle of the strip and you can't really go wrong.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location and beautiful but uncomfortable	The casino was great (the best on the strip), the hotel itself is beautiful but the rooms are so uncomfortable. I felt like I was sleeping on a large pile of bricks. I didn't sleep the whole week I was there. Rumor has it that every hotel has uncomfortable beds but I'm just reviewing this place. Love the volcano eruptions every night.	
Sep 21 2009 	Extremely Satisfied with Mirage!	We stayed Thursday - Monday, attending a wedding at Planet Hollywood. We've previously stayed at Caesar's (needs remodeling, no door on bathroom, but the best spa!) and MGM (too big to get around, rooms can be tiny). Will return again and again to Mirage. We had an upgraded king tower deluxe (thanks, Jenna!). We were blown away with a comped bottle of champage. Beautiful, large and high tech functional. Best bed ever! I want my bathroom like this one. Service was outstanding and I always felt like a treasured guest. They have trained everyone well. I hoped to have enough meals to eat at all the restaurants. We tried Japonais (great happy hour appetizers,drinks and light dinner fro two); Onda (complimentary wine tasting, pre fixe dinner with friends before Love -- excellent); Kokomo (seafood salad and lobster bisque - heavenly); Cravings buffet for breakfast and brunch (very satisfying); Carnegie (NYC sandwiches - ok); BLT burgers (wonderful salmon burger). The pool is nice with coves and waterfall. There are plenty of chairs. My only complaint and this applies to all of Vegas -- smoking everywhere is disgusting --cigar smoking around the pool, etc, The crowd at Mirage is more couples than singles and families. People attending the wedding stayed at Planet Hollywood, Monte Carlo, MGM, Hilton. We had the best hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	Superb!	The rooms were gorgeous &amp; of 5 star quality in my opinion....they really looked like they do in the brochure... the only thing that made the room a 4* instead of five were the bathrooms, they were in good condition but could be a bit bigger. Check in was really quick (we arrived at midday)Casino very good and spacious.Pools were fab and really tropical (loads of palm trees), it felt like I was back in Thailand. Location was great! ... right on the stripI really recommend this hotel and would definitely go back there myself	
Sep 21 2009 	Mixed feelings	I specifically chose the Mirage for our 3 night stay in Las Vegas, the reasons being the good central strip location and the pool. As far as those 2 things go we cannot fault it, the location is fantastic, right at the centre of the Strip, and the pool area is great - lots of different areas, loads of palm trees, waterfalls. The pool really was bliss.The food that we had there was nice. We didn't think it was particularly special, for the price. We ate in Cravings (buffet) and Carnegies Deli.On the whole the room was nice - bed/pillows very comfortable, nice decor and we did have a good view of the strip. The cleanliness left something to be desired though, for a 4 star hotel - we found a pair of shoes, presumably left by enother guest, in the wardrobe along with our fresh robes (?), I noticed, after dropping somthing on the floor, that the edge of the carpet or under the bed hadn't been vacuumed for quite a while. After the room steward had been in one day I found that they had left 2 face towels on the floor that were full of dirt and hair - they'd obviously cleaned the floor with them and forgotten to take them out. I expect far more than this from a 4 star hotel.We found some of the staff to be polite enough, but others seemed quite dismissive, as though we were bothering them. Again, not what I expect from a 4 star hotel. We are friendly people, in our thirties, who like a bit of luxury but aren't snobby. We still use our backpacks and don't wear designer clothes, so I wonder if this was something to do with some of the attitude we encountered.Mirage - it might be Vegas but don't always judge a book by it's cover, you may well lose out.	
Sep 20 2009 	Huge room 	The room we stayed in was rennovated &amp; looked out onto The Strip. The bed was sooo comfortable. The hotel is massive so there is often a line at reception so when you need to check out make sure you give yourself enough time - especially if you have to go to the airport.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel - where you need to be	Myself and my fiancé stayed at the Mirage from the 7th till the 17th September 2009. This is the third time we have stayed in Vegas and i have to say this hotel lived up to the expectations.We stayed in a room on the 14th floor with a strip view. The rooms were huge and newly renovated however, i did find the bathroom a little on the small side for Vegas standards. Having previously stayed at the Paris and Luxor where you have double sinks and separate bath and showers, this bathroom was tiny, the bath looked more like a plunge pool with a shower over it and one sink. But how long do you spend in the bathroom in Vegas?The hotel has to be one of the busiest on the strip, lots of people, all of the time, including by the pool. The other two hotels we have stayed in, we never had a problem with going to the pool at any time of day and getting a bed, however, at the Mirage you need to be in the line at 7am, by 7.30 the line is long and you may as well not have bothered going so early. The pool opens at 8am. The first day we went at 9.30 and could not get near the water. It does have the best pool we have been to though.Rhumbar bar is excellent where else can you sit with a volcano going off behind you? BLT is good and does takeaways and the cravings buffet is good. The cafe near the pool is good for a bagel if you need a snack too.We also paid a visit to Minus 5 Bar at the Mandalay bay and the newly open Hard Rock Cafe Bar on the strip, both really great.This hotel did not seem noisy to me, staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the rooms were excellent. You would not need to leave this hotel for your holiday if you did not want to, so many places to eat and things to do.Do not go to the buffet at the Flamingo – it was recommended to us and was so bad, I did not know you could get a bad meal in Vegas. Mon Ami Gabi, is by far the best place to eat on the strip at the Paris Hotel.	
Sep 20 2009 	Mirage Hotel - Excellent Stay	My husband and I stayed 7 nights at the Mirage and can't say enough good things about the hotel and the staff. We booked directly with the hotel and the rate was incredible...7 nights for a total of $735 but did not include a strip view. At check in we asked for a view and were given a room with a view of the strip and volcano. We also mentioned we were celebrating our anniversary and a bottle of champagne was sent up. The room was updated and very clean. Maid service was excellent throughout the stay and everyone at the hotel went out of their way to help always with a smile. Location of the hotel is also excellent. Would highly recommend the Mirage. We will definitely return.	
Sep 20 2009	Can't wait to go back!	My mother and I stayed at the Mirage Sept 14-18. Upon check-in I asked for any available complimentary upgrades...we received a deluxe room on the 28th floor with a view of the strip and the volcano. (I tipped $20 after we received the upgrade). It had a massive bathroom...double vanity, walk-in shower and jetted bathtub. Perfect for two women who are not used to having to share a bathroom! It was not a remodeled room, but everything was very clean and spacious. There were a couple of small issues when we got to the room (no TV remote control or plug for the bathtub) but one quick call and everything was made right. Housekeeping service was excellent.The pool is very nice, we made a short visit mid-day on two of our days and after about 10 minutes of looking, we were able to find two chairs together. We ate at Carnegie Deli, California Pizza Kitchen and Fin. We had an outstanding dinner at Fin. CD and CPK were very disappointing. (overpriced and barely edible).Overall, we had a great stay! Pros: Staff is very friendy and accommodating. Location is excellent. Very comfortable rooms. Tropical, lush vibe. Cons: Long walk through casino to elevators (but hey its Las Vegas), extra busy pool area.	
Sep 19 2009 	mirage tower suite room A43	When we first arrived, they put us on floor B (27th). The room was thick with the smell of smoke. There was a maintenance ladder blocking the foyer... the TVs did not operate, lights where burned out, and the lamps where unplugged by the bedside.We asked for a non-smoking room, and they where kind and moved us to A43 immediately. We did it by the phone, and never had to go back downstairs. No problem.Maintenance met me on the way out to repair the issues - very quick response.He mentioned they will renovate these rooms in 3 months, add plasma TVs, etc. A43 was very nice. It is a corner suite, which means you get more windows. One on the side, and one behind the living area. Very nice room - and roomy, around 1200 square feet.Floor A is non-smoking, so no more funky smells. Wife and I where happy.Also, on the E floor, there is a nice place to observe the strip - and a nice place to quietly smoke a cigar.A43 is mountain view - not strip, but you get a nice view of the landscape as well as TI, the fashion mall, and the Trump Tower.The customer service on this trip was always very good. Everyone - from the maid staff, front desk, to maintenance is very polite and was pleasant to deal with.EntertainmentThe Beatle's Love show was great, surpassed our expectations. Also had a great time in the high-limit areas, even though the bartender there does not know what a 'punch' is for a cigar... *cough*ClubsWe tried the Beatles lounge - it is not owned by MGM/Mirage, rather a company called LightGroup. That was the only unpleasant experience we left with. The waitstaff in there are sharks, watch out.I got a few drinks, and a bottle of wine ($450.00 for Opus One... nice healthy markup). It looked like they charged us for drinks from some other party.. and added a 20% gratuity. When I asked what the 20% charge was for, the waitress played dumb. Only the final reciept shows it was for gratuity, not the initial bill you get.Even though this bar is run by a separate company, the Mirage fixed the issue by compensating me the difference off my bill for other hotel charges. Again, good service - I got my money back.But I wont be going back to the Revolution. The people in there are the bottom feeders.RestaurantsWe tried the Japonaise - the sushi was fanstastic and priced very reasonably. $7 per order.We also tried the Fin - very good as always. Make sure you grab reservations for them.SpaThe salon did a great job for me, and also the spa - desert stone massage was very nice.	
Sep 19 2009 	Superb Stay	The MirageWe stayed at the Mirage for the first time from 17 August to 19 August in a suite to celebrate our Wedding Anniversary. The room was stunning, spacious and beautifully presented. The bathroom was massive and my wife particularly lined the whirlpool bath. Within an hour of checking in we had received a complimentary bottle of Champagne to celebrate our anniversary which was a lovely touch. The Casino was great, super pool and with some great restaurants this was an ideal location for anyone wishing to sample the strip.	
Sep 17 2009 	The time of my Life!	This place is absolutley amazing! couldnt have asked for more. Room service was great. Room was beautiful. Slots were even. Carnegi deli is a must. But Make sure you share a sandwhich they are huge. Mirage is at the center of the strip right across from the venitian, plazzo and harrahs, ti is next door. I could even see the Bellagio fountain show from my room!! Stay here if you want an amazing time.	
Sep 17 2009 	Still an excellent hotel	Stayed for the 5th time, location is excellent, check in and out friendly and efficient, rooms now remodelled and very nice, pool one of the best on the strip, ambience of reception and adjacent area tropical and exotic. Only negative was the buffet which had not maintained its previuos quality. Casino is comparable to the others on the strip. All in all an excellent vacation - we will return!!	
Sep 15 2009 	great value; loved the tigers	we enjoyed the Mirage -- booked a quick night adjacent to a Grand Canyon trip and enjoyed the clean roomy rooms and the tigers at the mini zoo were terrific -- we got free admission and a $50 credit for the breakfast buffet included in a $140 rate making it a great deal for central location on the strip;	
Sep 14 2009	Felt Like a High Roller!	It had been over 7 years since I had last been to Vegas, and about 5 for my parents, so we decided to take a trip to celebrate their wedding anniversary in early August. After staying on the now-depressing north end of the Strip the last several times we were there, we decided to stay at the Mirage.I'm not exactly a swanky person myself, but I appreciated the swankiness of the Mirage. I booked a standard King Room for myself. It was on the 11th floor and had a wonderful view of the expressway and the mountains. I wasn't looking for a spectacular view, so I was satisfied. The room was cool. The bathroom is small, but well appointed. I didn't plan on having a party in the bathroom. The Aqua Lime bath products are great.All of my dining experiences were great. The Caribe Cafe is expensive, but the food was very good. Ate there for breakfast a few times and a dinner once. Also ate at BLT Burger once. Yes, it's almost $20 for a burger and fries, but it was well worth it for the experience. There is one way around the &quot;not enough chairs around the pool&quot; problem... rent a cabana. If you split the cost amongst several people, it is well worth it. Spent the entire day at the pool the day before we left. There is refrigerator stocked with soda, a fresh fruit plate and a cheese and cracker plate. The waitstaff comes by every 30 minutes or so to see if you needed anything. It was a great experience.I thought the casino was great. I did well gambling, so I guess that made it all the better. The MGM Mirage Player's Club was also generous to me (I'm not a high roller by any means, but I actually got something comped for the first time ever - yay me!). If you do any gambling at all, make sure you sign up for the Player's Club.The saddest part of the trip was leaving. I'd definitely stay at the Mirage again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great hotel	we stayed at the mirage sept /09 for 5 nights it was great. nice hotel and casino and great spot on the strip. loved las vegas.lots to do and see. tip do not see the cris angel show it sucks big time waste of money and time.	
Sep 13 2009 	Beautiful hotel	First time in Vegas:Pros: beautiful hotel, tropical lobby area, great beds and bedding, beautiful bathroom. Cons: Walking through smoking casinoWe had a few problems but they were remedied quickly and we were given 1/2 of our room rate because of them...we also had an excellent rate. Good location. We only ate in one restaurant, the buffet room, which was mediocre especially for the price....	
Sep 13 2009 	Expensive****	I looked and read loads of reviews and this one being the Mirage had some of the best reviews so we went with it. My husband and I stayed in Sept(will never go in Sept again) way to hot! we stayed three nights. The rooms were fine,bed very comfy but that was about it besides the Beatles Love show that we just loved. First day there we ate at BLT Burger in the Mirage,$38.00 mind you and two of the worst hamburgers we have ever ate,what a rip off but yet you will see it packed in there. The reason is the food all around you is expensive in the main big hotels. Go across the street to Imperial Palace for the buffet or Harrahs buffet for $14.99,we even had a late night hamburger at McDonalds across the street. Check the Las Vegas booklet in your room for coupons,there is even Denneys across the street,much cheaper and does the trick. We spent the most there strictly on food for the most part. Go down to the Sahara and get a dollar hotdog,$1.00 shot of whatever you want and keep the glass. You have to look around for cheap food and when your walking everything seems far. Take the bus that goes along the strip for $7.00 for a 24 hour pass and jump on that for travel. The weather was 101 and very very humid, over 75 degrees at night. Best month to go would be in winter months. The Love show is a must,you will not believe it...all I can say is wow....That's what made my vacation well worth it. Next time I'm going to stay at the Flamingo as it is in the heart of a lot. Just do not eat at the Mirage...the food sucks for the price. Room is fine and don't forget Ben &amp; Jerry's Ice Cream across the street for something sweet,there is coupons for this out there also. Look around for places to eat much cheaper then inside of Hotel.	
Sep 11 2009 	Very Good Large 	I travelled to Vegas with an all-male group of friends and had a great time. The Mirage is situated in the middle of the Strip and it's location could not be better. Upon arrival, we were met with the largest lobby reception area I have ever seen and also the busiest too as you need to go through part of the Casino and restaurant area to get to the check-in area. The check-in was quick and easy and the rooms were superb and bigger then I expected. One mention... do not use the Mini-Bar at all because it is mega expensive and even charges you even if you have removed an item just to look at it !! Obviouisly when visting Vegas, the casino ifs part of the trip and I honestly thought that the Casino in the Mirage was the biggest and best of the lot. The pool area is big and clean but you need to be up very early in order to get a sunbed (Towels are free of charge). The Hotel Spa was also good and relaxation was definitely required after another late night. I can only really complain about one thing in the hotel and that was the Chinese Restaurant... the decor was great, the staff were pleseant but the meal was a shocker... I've been to a lot of restaurants in my time but this meal was the pits... tasteless was being kind to it. If you visit Las Vegas, definitely stay at the Mirage because I would have no hesitation in staying there again.	
Sep 11 2009 	Awesome!	Very good hotel, great rooms, awesome pool area but not enough chairs, Internet access sucks - doesn't work half the time and a daily charge of 15$, very long line at the JET nightclub to get in - take bottle service and forget about the line :) (be prepared to spend a couple of hundred dollars)	
Sep 10 2009 	Beyond Expectations!	My friends and I stayed at the Mirage for 5 nights at the beginning of September. We arrived in Las Vegas late in the evening so luckily we did not encounter any line-up at all at the check-in counter. The staff at the check in counter were very friendly and set our vacation off on the right foot. We were checking into two separate rooms and received a complimentary upgrade on both of them. Both rooms were on the 24th floor, access via a private elevator. One room over looked the volcano while the other room was given a beautiful view of the mountains to the West (we could see Red Rock Canyon from the room).Housekeeping kept my room in great condition the entire time. They were very quick and efficient. I would spend my mornings down at the pool and by lunch time, housekeeping had already done their round though the room.The pool does get busy very quickly at the Mirage, but considering how beautiful the pool is, its business is not a surprise at all. Finding a set of 4 chairs in the morning was never a problem. Most people I observed getting frustrated over chair numbers seemed to expect sun shining down on their chair at that very moment; rather than realize that the sun moves and soon enough the available shaded chairs would be in direct sunlight. The chair-side service at the pool was very quick and the girls were always very friendly. The prices for drinks and food at the pool were not as bad as they could be (considering this is Las Vegas and you are receiving service right to your chair at a gorgeous pool). The only downside to the pool at the Mirage is that it has now forced me to have a new standard for all pools I go to. If a pool doesn’t have two waterfalls, it just may not be worth visiting. (haha)I did not gamble much at the casino as the table minimums were a bit out of my range. I like how the casino is laid out as it feels more spread out than other casinos.We ate at California Pizza Kitchen, BLT Burger, and the buffet. C.P.K. was an alright meal, but nothing spectacular. The pizza was a little disappointing coming from a kitchen who is specializing in pizza. There was not much difference in the pizza from this kitchen than from any family chain restaurant. BLT Burger was fantastic. The Kobe Beef sliders were brilliantly done and the onion rings were light and crunch. The highlight of our dining at The Mirage was the buffet. We lucked out here. The day we chose to try the buffet, the price was a little higher than usual but it included free, unlimited champagne and orange juice. Where is Las Vegas do you get free, unlimited and copious amounts of alcohol? I think the food was good at the buffet too.....?I had been anticipating this trip for months and was worried that I may had developed too high of expectations for The Mirage. I am happy to say that The Mirage performed way beyond all of my expectations. It will not be a hard decision to return to the Mirage in the near future. I am looking forward to my next visit already.	
Sep 10 2009 	Most beautiful lobby tropical atrium and tropical grounds!	We stayed at the Mirage August 25-28, 2009. After much searching we chose the Mirage and were not disappointed. Of all the resorts we saw, we loved the Mirage the most because of the beautiful tropical atrium that greets you when you walk in and the gorgeous tropical pool area and grounds! The beds were extremely comfortable and the rooms were clean with good service. I would suggest not staying in a west facing room in the summer as we could never get our room below 70-75 degrees! We tried to switch rooms, but that one was hotter. It was 106 outside. Tip: Turn on your AC as low as it goes in the morning or right when you get there before you go out so your room is comfortable when you get back in. We also blocked our door open when we were there in the day time and that helped as the hallway was cooler than our room. Food is very expensive everywhere on the strip. It would pay to pay to bring an extra suitcase on the plane with snacks and bottled water as bottled water is $6. Also, stop at Walgreens on the strip the first day you are there and stock up with water and snacks. It will save you tons! Also, across the street from the Mirage is a 4Bs and a little Subway in a casino that had slightly more reasonable meals for a light lunch. Save up and don't miss the Buffet at the Wynn within walking distance. Go about 2:45 p.m. to 3:00 and pay lunch price and they put out the evening dinner food about 3:30 so you can also enjoy crab and prime rib for the same cost as the lunch meal. It is about $28. It jumps to like $38 after 3:30 and you can stay. AVOID the Criss Angel Believe Show at ALL COSTS!!!! We are even a fan of his and it was HORRIBLE! He just talks most of the time, has dancing people in bunny costumes and loud music. He does like 3 or 4 lame illusions of levitating while covered in smoke! Watch him on t.v. Don't waste $100 to go see this disaster!!! DO GO SEE CIRQUE DU SOLEILL &quot;O&quot; Show at the Bellagio!! It was truly amazing! The stage turns into a lake and has lots of acrobatics and dancing! It is more mellow, but amazing! Even my husband and twenty year old sons liked it. We also wish we would have gone to see Terry Fator Venturliquist rather than Criss Angel. We wouldn't have wasted our money. Enjoyed the mirage and Vegas, but be prepared to spend a lot of money on food and drinks!	
Sep 9 2009 	having to queue to sunbed round pool reminded me of spain	having to queue for a sunbed at 0700 was terrible, Pool didnt open til 0800 by 0830 all beds had gone.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Trip at Great Hotel	Stayed at the Mirage Sept 2-5th.Location- this is the best location. Very central to everything and close to the fashion show mall, a quick walk to belagio fountain, accross the street is Casino Royale with $1 beer.Show- we saw Love which was really good and well worth itGambling- I liked the hotel best as some of the other higher end hotels have their tables and slots spread out so much that it feels &quot;empty&quot;. Mirage has the feel of it being a hustling place with lots of people throughPool- Definitely earns reputation of best pool on strip. Get there early for a chair- waiting for 1/2 hour in morning is well worth getting a chair you want in a full day in the sun. They also allow you to bring a cooler with beer/beverage as long as no glass.Rooms- clean, not huge, but just right and well appointed.All in all a great hotel and a great location !!	
Sep 8 2009 	huge hotel great experience but keep an eye out for things!	Just returned from Las Vegas trip via Virgin, twin centre with Hawaii, a fantastic trip,if you get chance you should visit both places. Having done loads of research on hotels we picked the Mirage, paid a little more but it is central to the strip, the other hotels like the Luxor or Circus circus are a little further up the strip and although the walk is okay, in the heat it can be tiring, cabs are easy and a trip from New York New York to bellagio cost us $20 a night, not bad.The Mirage is fine and a huge hotel , not one if you want a personal touch with the staff knowing who you are. If you are looking at going to the Grand Canyon( which you all should do) then book it in the UK first, Virgin offered a helicopter trip at about £156 each, the same trip at the resort was $536 plus $50 tax each( you can work out the exchnage rate)The rooms are great and the beds are fantastic!There is a deli, starbucks, burger place in the Mirage, worth a try but try to walk out and see other places, they want you to stop in the hotel and spend all your money with them.The pool area is fine and we never had trouble getting a sunbed, it opens at 0800 with folks standing in line waiting for the gates to open, we never did this but still got beds for a party of ten. The Friday of our stay the pool was busy, a local said that it does get busy at the weekend, a few groups of lads standing in the pool drinking and smoking!There is a pool with dolphins and a big cat area, paid $15 each and was not that impressed with it.The hotel staff are great if you give them a smile and talk to them.On our last day I noticed three ladies sat near the slot machines at 0700 in morning, neither playing, one looked at me and said , 'morning honey' I will let you work out what I thought they did for a living? This was a one off and the entire stay was great.We went to the nearest out let mall shopping but this is not covered and gets very hot, take the time to go to the one on the state border.Las Vegas is an adult resort and folks will put cards in your hands as you are walking down the strip at night adverting women, in fact a large van drives past advertsing ' a women to you hotel room ring this number'The Bellagio fountains are a must every 15 minutes, at night.If you want to gamble be careful, they give you free drinks at the tables if you are gambling...get you drunk and you spend more.Take time to visit Freemont Street at night, five blocks are covered with a screen which every hour plays something, it is amazing. This is a the old strip and a cab ride from the Mirage cost us $40.There are loads of shops( designer and otherwise) along the strip but they are not that cheap.You get a cab from the front of Hotel there is a queue and a bellman, talk to them about what you want to do,they are very good, also one day he mentioned that it was cheaper for our party of ten to take a limo, instead of two cabs, great during the day but at night it is not the case.We stopped for five nights and that was it for us. Have fun	
Sep 8 2009 	Perfect for us!	My husband and i just returned from a two-night stay at the Mirage and we both agree that we will definitely stay here again! We arrived around 9am on Saturday and check-in was a breeze. Our room obviously wasn't ready yet, so they held our luggage and told us to come back in a couple hours. We ate breakfast and explored a little and the room was ready when they said it would be.Here are a few other highlights:- Lobby was beautiful, we enjoyed the fishtank and waterfalls.- Room was spacious and clean, bed was comfy, view was awesome! It was nothing extravagant, but perfect for a stay in Vegas (since we were hardly there at all).- Elevators were great! Never had to wait more than 30 seconds or so.- Loved the pools. Didn't go to Bare, but it looked like a lot of people did- Enjoyed seeing the animals. They were very active - moving around and playing a lot. This attraction was definitely worth the money for us!- We went to several of the lounges and bars and enjoyed them all. Service was great.- Central location on the strip was ideal - we walked to most of the hotels and did a lot of shopping. There was sometimes a long line for taxis, but they were very organized and it went fast.Overall it was a great trip and I'm so glad we chose this hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	Not just a Mirage!	I recently stayed in Vegas for the first time for a weekend with one of my best girlfriends. We chose the Mirage since it had such a convenient location at center strip and found a very competitive price on priceline.com. We were not disappointed! Had a wonderful time. The concierge were very helpful in booking tickets for Love, their cirque du soleil show in house, and even assisted in providing free passes to Jet and other clubs on the strip. The rooms were very nice, modernly furnished, and clean. The pool area was incredible - a little crowded on Saturdays and difficult to find a lounger at times, but the waterfalls at the pool were very nice and poolside waitress service was excellent. They even have a topless pool area, called Bare. The dining inside the hotel was incredible as well. We ate at the buffet Cravings, which pleasantly surprised me as buffets go!, and Stack, which had incredible steak. The clubs Revolution and Jet were both quite good - although getting into Jet was a little more of a pain. Revolution, a Beatles inspired club, had very fun decore and offered free vodka drinks to ladies on Friday nights (very much appreciated!)I could not have had a better first time experience in Vegas, and I will most definitely return to the Mirage in future Vegas trips. You could quite literally have a fantastic time and never leave the hotel!!	
Sep 7 2009 	GREAT Hotel!! Pool was fantastic and staff was very friendly.	Saw a couple of bad reviews about the Mirage and really don't know how anyone could not like this place! Arrived at 9am so obviously our room wasn't ready yet. Went out to the bellman who checked our bags.They let us take out our swim suits and we headed to the pool. They said check back around 10:30 to see if our room was ready. The pool is awesome drinks are a little pricy compared to your average bar but you pretty much expect that. And yes its TOUGH to finnd a place to sit!!!! I went down every day at 8:15 to reserve a couple of loungers. If you go any earlier you'll be standing in a long line. After thhey open at 8am the line moves very fast and getting there at 8:15 still left me plenty of options to find a place to lay out.Went back at 10:45 to check in, there was aline but within 10 minutes they were to me. I really think I got a great deal for my room rate. Found a sight called SMARTERVEGAS.COM which shows all the promotions the Hotels are running. Most were MUCH better than your expedia,travelocity etc. rates. I paid 85$ a nite plus $50.00 towards their buffet and free admission to the Secret garden/dolphin show. Most travel sites averaged $119.00 a nite!!!! Checking in I mentioned we were here to celebrate our 20th anniversary and to see if he could help me out a little! I flashed him a $20 and he promptly gave me a REALLY nice delux room on the 24th floor! The 24th and 25th floors have their own private elevators and really made it nice not having to wait at every floor for people to get on and off. The room was great, and the bathroom was huge! Nice shower and jacuzzi tub plus 2 sinks and a nice long vanity!! I thnk the room was the same size as a standard room but still plenty big for us. The view wasn't the greatest but I could care less!! We weren;t in the room all that much and when I was I watched TV or listened to music. Yes the walk to the elevators took you thru the casino but so does EVERY OTHER hotel that we visited while we were there! Went to see Penn and Teller at the Rio. GREAT show!! Got tickets straight thru ticketmaster for $65.00, cheaper then every website I could find!. If you take a taxi from the airport tell them not to take the Freeway!! They'll tell you its faster..But about 10-12 dollars MORE!! Arriving it cost us $30 with tip,heading back I spent $18 with tip!! Had the best luck downtown gambling.Also went to Slots-O-fun next to CircusCircus for some REALLY cheap gaming and super cheap drinks!! Kinda run down a bit but who cares,we had fun!! Also cheap eats right across from The Mirage. Macs,subway,Chipolte.pizza very convenient. Also a walgreens just a block up towards the Venetian. Nice for snacks and stuff you might have forgotten to bring!! I packed a bottle of rum and Jack daniels so we went there for coke. Also packed a couple of BIG glasses and a small thermos style cooler to put drinks in and bring to the pool! Saved a few bucks that way!! All in all a fun relaxing trip!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Wonderful experience	I just finished a 3 night stay at Mirage Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. After reading many reviews on Trip Advisor I was ready for anything. My stay there exceeded my expectations. Check in was very smooth even though we did have a bit of a wait in line. The front desk staff was very friendly and courteous. We got to our room and found we were given a king size bed rather then the 2 queens I reserved. A quick call to the desk and we were re-assigned a room 2 doors down and the room key was changed over the telephone. Coudn't get any simpler than that. Our room was beautiful and clean. The bed was fantastic. In fact I have since purchased a new mattress set based on the one at the Mirage! Many folks have written that the bathroom was too small. I did not find that to be a problem. How large a bathroom do you need? Plenty of room to me and it is also very contemporary and attractive. Love the glass tile. The breakfast buffet was very good and the food fresh, however, the dinner buffet was rather uninteresting but did provide some tasty items. All in all my stay at Mirage was everything I wanted it to be and more. I certainly would stay there again.	
Sep 5 2009 	I LOVE THE MIRAGE!	My husband and I stayed at the Mirage in a tower suite for our first trip to Vegas, and we have already planned and reserved our second visit with them. The rooms were clean, private elevator was awesome! The food was expensive, and took a while to arrive, but over all, we had a blast!	
Sep 5 2009 	Mirage was spectacular - I might not stay anywhere else	We checked in on Aug 30 about 2pm and was checked in promptly. It was a bit of a walk to the room but it was worth it. We reserved a one bedroom tower suite ... it cost a bit more but after our last visit in a not-so-great room, I wanted to be sure we enjoyed our stay. It was huge! Approx 1200 sq ft with living room, dining room and panoramic views of the strip, right over the volcano. Sometimes we would just pull up a seat to our windows and watch everything. The bathroom was huge with double sinks, standing shower and jet tub. It was extremly comfortable and a pleasure to stay in, it was great!All the staff were attentive and our room was very clean and restocked daily. We ordered room service daily and it was prompt, the servers would set our table and the food was delicious, which I didn't expect. One evening we even stopped at California pizza kitchen - the line was too long so we ordered some pizzas to go and enjoyed them in our room as we watched all the activity on the strip. Our stay was fantastic.I have only one complaint - that Starbucks was not open 24hrs. We went on a Grand Canyon day tour that picked us up at 5:00am and Starbucks was closed. It was rude, I'm just sayin!We will definitley stay here again and definitely in a Tower Suite!	
Sep 4 2009 	Comfortable stay	Nice room, very good location at center of Strip and excellent value for money. Some of the restaurants a bit disappointing but the Japanese one was very good.	
Sep 4 2009 	left after one night	bathrooms small, although rooms are updated, doors are flimsy so you can hear people just talking in the hallway as though they are in your room. smoke is apparent thoughout smokefree room, a little dark,pools are nice. wouldn't stay again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Fun at the Mirage	My husband and I just returned from my 4 day birthday trip to Las Vegas at the Mirage. This was my third time in Vegas and his 2nd. We booked through Expedia and got a great deal and free tickets to see the Beatles Love show. The hotel was beautiful and the check in process was just fine. We arrived around 9am in the morning and our room was not ready. That was fine, we checked our bags in with the bell service and went and ate at the Carnige Deli. The breakfast there was wonderful! We also ate at the buffet one night and it was good also. We then walked around the strip and were able to get our room around 2:30. Our bags were brought up within 15min. of calling down. We got the renovated strip view room that we requested.Despite what a previous person posted, we had a renovated room and it had a very small renovated bathroom. Yes the bathroom was small but it really didn't matter. I was more put off by the fact that the bathroom was not really that clean (stray hair and such) and the toilet made some strange noises. The room itself was very nice with a great view! The beds were very comfortable!We loved the Beatles Love show!! Even though our free tickets were for seats at the very top, we could see everything and the theater was small so we could still see everything close.We also saw Drew Carey at the Mirage and he was funny too!We ate one night at the Paris Eiflel Tower restaurant and it was really good and the night time views were great!!!Our only minor complaints would be the bathroom not being so clean, the walls are really thin and the pool situation. We didn't even try to fight the crowds for one of the chairs. I am not sure how they can solve it , but something needs to be done.Overall the staff was friendly, the food at the places we ate at were good and the location of the hotel on the strip was perfect! We don't gamble so I couldn't comment on that. We wouldn't have a problem staying again but we would like to try other places as well. So far this is the best place we have stayed. We have stayed at the Planet Hollywood (when it was the Aladdin) and I have stayed at the Red Rock Resort. Red rock was nice but way off the strip.	
Sep 2 2009 	Could try harder	We were expecting great things from Mirage, having briefly visited it previously, but were very disappointed with our stay. As a family of five we paid for two rooms but only got one when we arrived. We then had to stay in separate rooms as there were no connecting rooms that night. There was conflicting information from the staff: having been told we could leave our bags until we got connecting rooms the following day, we were then told we had to take our bags out of the room. Not very helpful. However, the pool area was good, but didn't visit the dolphin/tiger area as costly - feel it should be free for guests. The rooms are very ill-equipped - no coffee maker/microwave/fridge, very poor for its star rating. You can do a lot better in Vegas.	
Sep 2 2009 	"the mirage rocks"	just returned from the mirage, rooms were exceptional, view was awsome, carnegie deli for breakfast was great, casino was somtimes smokey especially when you are used to non smoking environments in the uk. first time in vegas and we loved it, would deffinately reccommend the hotel.nightlife rocked we will return.	
Sep 1 2009 	Impressed with the Mirage	The key positives here inlcude the tropical grounds and pool area (with abundant waterfalls); the hotel is centrally located on the strip, within a short walk to Cesars, Bellagio, Treasure Island, Venetian. Be sure to see Circ de Soleil, Beatles. Phantom is across the street at the Venetian. Plenty of restaurants in the Casino to serve all tastes. Excellent hotel overall, and I would recommend a stay here. Just not sure why they would charge $25 to use the fitness/weight room.	
Aug 31 2009 	OVERALL GOOD SOME FLAWS	After staying at Harrah's and TI, I decided to splurge and try the Mirage. I will try to be as honest as I know how. This will be lengthy.I booked the flight and room directly through the Mirage website and had no problems whatsoever. My stay was from 8/24 to 8/29.I arrived at 1:30 P.M. The room was not ready. They told me to check back at 3:00 and asked for my cell phone number in case something came up earlier. I went back at 3:00 and my room was still not ready, but I was offered the room right next door, which I accepted. Everyone at the desk was very friendly and courteous.I went to the Impulse store and bought 2 beers to take up to the room. I went to the room and called the Bell Desk. I went and got some ice and before I opened the first bottle of beer, I heard a knock at the door and it was the Bell Man! Astonishing! I believe his name was Tom and he was the friendliest guy in the world. He showed where everything was and how everything worked. He was so funny, I tipped him a $10 instead of the normal $5.I unpacked, took in the view, put my iPod in the handy iPod station and relaxed with my beers. I was thrilled with the Strip view of the Venetian, Harrah's, Volcano, the distant mountains and the planes coming in for a landing.The room, upon first glance, was very nice. I was in 24054, so I guess this is one of the unrenovated rooms, because I thought the bathroom was huge. There was a very comfortable king-sized bed and a great tv. There were plenty of outlets for your electronic doodads.Housekeeping on Tuesday and Wednesday was perfect. It slipped a bit on Thursday. It was non-existent on Friday. I vacated the room from 8:00 A.M. to well after 2:00 P.M. (including a brief stop to change for the pool). I called down and was told that the maids were still at lunch. Well, I was ready to relax in the room before dinner and a show and was not going to leave. A maid did come by a little later, but I told her just to give me soap and clean towels. I expect a little more from a 4-star hotel. No tip, sorry!I also reported on Thursday that I had accidentally pulled up too far on the sink plunger and it came loose from the thing that makes it go up and down. I could have fixed it myself in 30 seconds if I had a flashlight. I reported it right away, but no one ever showed to fix it. There was also some ground in chewing gum on the bathroom tile, directly in my line of sight while I was sitting on the can. To the left of that was a red stain which may or may not have been blood. The towel rack on the right sink was bent where someone had slammed a door into it. The shower was either full blast or nothing. I never used the tub or the spa.The Pool. It is absolutely beautiful, with waterfalls, palms and eucalyptus and all of the other landscaping. The lounge chair situation is just plain silly. I witnessed some of the most incredible scenes of greed and selfishness that could be imagined. People had chairs reserved for buddies all over the entire pool area. I would say by estimation that 70% of the chairs were unoccupied, but had towels on them. Discounting those people actually in the pool, I would say that 25% of the chairs were being reserved. I came very close one day to taking a pair of silver sandals and throwing them into the pool. People were wandering all over looking for chairs. I did score a chair one day by watching who was leaving and hustling to snag the chair. This was after 2 hours of sitting by the side of the pool with my stuff on a rock. Another day, I came out after 2:00 P.M. and got one fairly quickly, but the people around me gave me dirty looks like I was some sort of alien from outer space. One middle aged lady with a deep south accent actually looked at me and curled her lip!!! The third time I went, on Friday, with all of the SoCal knuckleheads showing up, I didn't expect to get a chair and I didn't. Just grabbed a rock for my stuff and sat on the edge of the pool. The staff did go around and start picking towels off of unoccupied chairs from time to time. On a good note, Monica from Chicago was a good and attentive pool waitress. The bar at the pool was very nice.Shows. I saw the Beatles Love show (2nd time) and Terry Fator. I liked the fact that Terry paid tribute to us military veterans. He puts on a good show. My seat was terrible however. It was way off to the left and should have been discounted as an obstructed view seat. I enjoyed the show, but would probably not see it again. The Beatles Cirque du Soleil was great again. You can't go wrong with this show. The seat was perfect. I booked both seats through the hotel.Dining. Being a solo, I'm sheepish about going to the fancy places. I did eat at BLT Burger, California Pizza Kitchen and Carnegie Deli.BLT - Great burger! It should be for what they charge. Basic burger with 2 extra toppings, fries and a microbrew, $33 including the tip. I honestly can say that I have had better fries at Burger King. Service was good.CPK - I had two pasta meals here. Service was incredible! Jim and Joe at the bar are awesome! Great service, good meal!Carnegie Deli - I ate breakfast here twice. No complaints other than that I never got a refill on my coffee. The food was very good.Cravings - I went here once for breakfast. I was seated so far away from the serving lines that my food was cold by the time I got back to my table. This was my second time here and I'm still waiting for my first good experience. Gambling - The dealers were pretty decent. Vaughn was unintentionally funny with his offbeat theories. Most of them tried to make it fun. I was a little taken aback by one Hispanic lady who kept a running conversation in Spanish going with other Hispanic patrons. I'm not mad at her though, because she dealt me a straight flush in 3 Card Poker. I never got into my favorite game, Craps, because of the high minimums. There should always be one $5 table going. This is the most fun game to play, but at $10 and $15 minimums, I would have had to buy in at $200 to play my style of game. Too much for me. I did okay at slots. The Sports Book is a nice place to relax and throw down some baseball bets. I did not try the Poker Room. These people never seem like they are having any fun.Bars - I have no complaints about any of the bars.Nightclubs - The Mirage has Jet and Revolution. I'm too old for this stuff, but the girls in line all looked fabulous. If I were only 25 and rich!Checkout on Friday was flawless. The Desk staff is to be commended!Overall, I enjoyed my stay and would recommend it to others, but you need to look past tne minor flaws. The pool thing is just ridiculous. One solution would be to charge $5 for a lounge chair. And tightening security would help as well, since I'm positive this pool gets invaded by people from other hotels.I would stay here again, when all is said and done. The location and the grounds are just perfect.	
Aug 31 2009 	Resort with no coffee shop - STUPID	At the cost of the guest, The Mirage has decided to increase their bottom line by closing their 24/7 coffee shop &amp; restaurant, &quot;Caribe&quot;. They have instructed their staff to now direct guests to &quot;Carnegie Deli&quot; which serves only NY deli style food, in massive portions that can only be described as ridiculously wasteful...albeit tasty. Their breakfast offerings are primarily 3-egg omelets; not much else. And the seating capacity is considerably less than the much larger &quot;Caribe&quot; - creating a long wait for much needed morning caffeine. The resort has added a Starbucks, but in doing so, closed one of their other two coffee bars; long lines await the morning customer. By reducing the breakfast options, The Mirage is forcing their guests to leave the resort and risk them not returning to their gaming floor. We became regular morning customers at Treasure Island's 24-hour restaurant; a short tram ride to the next-door property. We have been long-time fans and guests of The Mirage, but in light of their recent business decision we are considering selecting a new favorite hotel for our semi-annual trips to Vegas.	
Aug 30 2009 	Loved The Mirage	Arived about 8.30 Monday evening and made our way to check in. The reception area was amazing with an indoor forest and a giant fish tank.Rooms were great ,modern design ,no veiw but we were not planning to spend much time in there anyway.The pool area is one of the best we have ever seen with waterfalls and gardens.looked a bit crowded in the mornings but we visited late afternoon a few times after a hard days sightseeing and got chairs easily each time.Visited the Secret Garden with the dolphin habitat and the zoo with the white tigers ($15 charge I think)but well worth it.Theres dozens of eating places and bars within the hotel,theres a starbucks also.We ate in the cravings buffet which was excellent value and the food was very nice.I thought the best feature about the hotel was its location,right in the centre strip close to all the other famous hotels .We havd a fantastic first visit to Vegas and could not have picked a nicer place to stay.	
Aug 29 2009 	Terrible-never going back.	My husband took me to Vegas for my 40th b-day and the both of us were really looking forward to this little trip. I had been to the Mirage years ago and loved it! Not this time. The concerige was not very friendly and was simply giving us passes to things we could have picked up at the gift shop or on the street!The view in our room was medicore, the walls were thin and the maids failed to clean our room on one of our nights at the hotel. It was annoying.The pool-which is supposed to be beautiful, was actually under repair. The waterfall was not working-it was a big eye-sore with tape and chicken-wire. The process of getting a pool chair was downright ridiculous! Signs were clearly posted on &quot;chair saving&quot; for others and they were simply not being upheld by Mirage guests. There were rude guests saving chairs for 10+people at a time! To get a waitress to get us a drink at the pool took 1/2 an hour or more! When she finally did show up she looked like she was utterly exhausted and &quot;under the gun&quot;.The resturants were yet another bad experience. One of the nicer dining attractions had a long wait and service was awful. We waited 10 minutes just to get water!Stay someplace else!	
Aug 28 2009 	Great hotel/awesome location!	We checked in on Aug. 23. I had booked for $70/night, 2 standard view rooms, one for myself and my husband and one for my 2 daughters, ages 13 and 10. We advised that we were there for our anniversary and were promptly upgraded to a strip view room. We were also told that while they could not put our daughters room side by side with us, that they would only be 5 rooms away. Imagine our surprise when we realized room 17037 and 17047 were not a few doors down, but in a whole other wing. We went and spoke to the front desk again and they moved our children to right across from us with no problem. The rooms are very sleek and art-deco in design. Not my personal taste, but very nicely done. We had a great view of the strip and of the volcano. Now for the interesting part, the pool. They have an awesome pool, very large with waterfalls and tons of chairs all around. I'm glad we checked in on a Sunday because apparently it wasn't crowded, so I was told. Well, when I went to get my coffee downstairs on Monday a.m. at 7:30, there was already quite a line up for the pool. There is a large sign at the front saying no reserving of pool chairs, but that sign really didn't matter. My husband and I went for a quick walk and returned at 8:30 to find the pool open and only a scant few chairs left. We quickly grabbed 4 together and put out towels and some personal items, i.e., magazines to reserve the chairs. We really didn't get the kids and us together down to the pool until about 10:00 and everything was still there. For the rest of the time we were there, we did the same thing, getting on line earlier and earlier each day so that I could get some chairs in shade. The key is to not only leave towels on the chairs, but some sort of personal item, i.e., a beach bag, 1/2 cup coffee or soda, lotion, etc. It worked fine, but I still can't get over waiting on that stupid line for the pool. And every chair was taken by 9:00 a.m. At that time, there were people milling around looking for chairs with none to be found.We used the spa - I had a great facial. Lovely spa area and would use it again. Casino is smallish but not bad. Loved the area, right central to everything, all the other great hotels and lots of shopping.We used the valet service for our car twice and our car was promptly brought to us. We called from the room and by the time we got downstairs, the car was there. Very friendly valet people. All in all a great trip. The kids had a blast as well at the pool and at some of the other hotels that had game rooms. Unfortunately Mirage doesn't have a game room. That would be the only thing I missed there and would've made it a bit easier. We also saw the Terry Fator show. Awesome!!! Great for kids as well.	
Aug 27 2009 	Fabulous Hotel - Ignore Bad Reviews!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Mirage a couple weeks ago and it was fantastic!!! I don't know what some people are talking about when they say the bathrooms are small! Ours had his and hers sinks, a shower and a tub - it was HUGE! (See pictures). I understand that they are still undergoing renovations on some of the rooms, but if you get assigned a room, and the bathroom does not look like the one pictured - simply ask to be moved to one of the newly renovated rooms. No offense, but you'd think a seasoned Vegas visitor would know this. The bed was comfy and the decor was nice and modern. There was a huge TV as well, but we probably spent 5 minutes total watching it.I honestly can't say one bad thing about the Mirage. We're already planning a trip back in April and we won't stay anywhere else. The pool is fantastic - it's a good size (that being huge) and the waterfalls are beautiful. People do get up and reserve lounge chairs at 8:00am, but I'm pretty sure you'll find this happens at every hotel on the strip. I actually got yelled at by an angry man for saving my boyfriend a lounge chair, but whatever - not the Mirage's fault that jerks stay there.We ate at Stack in the hotel and it was the best dinner we had all week. Definitely try their $29.99 per person Summer Tasting menu. Huge delicious portions. We also ate at California Pizza Kitchen which is always a winner in my book.We saw both shows at the Mirage. Terry Fator was a pretty good show, but LOVE was fantastic! I highly recommended it. I would give the Mirage 6-stars if I could. Good location, great rooms, amazing pool.	
Aug 26 2009 	Mirage Vacation	We just returned from a week long stay at the Mirage (which we got a great deal through Westjet Vacations that included free show tickets). This being my 3rd time in Vegas, and my husbands 1st. Check InWe arrived in Vegas just before noon and thought we'd try getting our room early. Unfortunately, the lady who served us at the desk was not very pleasant. Asked if there were any complimentary upgrades for a tower room, but was denied. Not a big deal, as my next request for a high floor with a view was granted. Was offered a volcano view, or a south strip/pool view. I love looking down the strip, so we were able to see the south strip, the pool and the mountains. King bed, non smoking as per our reservation. Room was not ready early, so we checked our bags with the bell desk and headed for lunch and viewed the Dolphin Habitat.RoomWe had a room on the 18th floor, with a king bed. The new decor is just how it looks in all of the website pictures. Daily maidservice was great, and if we needed anything, we just left a note requesting it (leaving a tip always goes a long way). As others have said, the bathroom is a bit small, but nothing to complain about. Nice flat screen tv, black out curtains are great for sleeping in and plenty of closet and drawer space. There is also a small table/desk, which works out perfect for a quick room service treat or if you have your laptop with you. I also liked that there are various lights around the room in the different areas.My only down point, was that you could hear everything from the hallway and rooms next door. If you are a light sleeper, this may be bothersome, but wasn't a big issue for us.Casino and Security/StaffThe casino seems to always be a buzz with lots of people. We did not play much here as the slots were tight. There were always a lot of staff maintaining public areas. At no time did we feel unsafe in the casino or on the Mirage property. Security seemed to have a good presence, and checked room keys at the elevators at night. Security also responded promptly to our call of extremely rowdy neighbours across the hall, who were running around naked and yelling at 5am. Bell staff was very effecient and friendly.FoodWe had lunch at the Cravings Buffet and I was quite disappointed. Needless to say we didn't eat there at all the rest of the trip. We did have great meal at California Pizza Chicken. As a side note, Caribe Cafe has closed. BLT burger has great burgers and shakes, if you don't mind spending around $20 on a combo meal. We also ordered room service breakfast twice and it was always delivered on time, or earlier than they had said. I don't mind paying a couple extra dollars when you don't feel like leaving the room after a late night out.PoolAlthough we did not spend anytime in the pool, it is a beautiful area with the waterfalls and offers shaded areas. Of course it can get very busy, and people often line up before it opens to get the best choice of loungers. It was about 110 degrees everyday, too hot for me to lay out in the sun.OthersLove using the free tram to Teasure Island. I believe it runs from 9am to midnight.Check out the beautiful atruim and the giant fish tank behind reception.Dolphin Habitat will cost you $15 per person. I've enjoyed it each time, especially to see how much the baby dolphin and leopard cub have grown since my last visits.Volcano out front erupts nightly.People rave about the show &quot;Love&quot;. Although we did not see the show, it is neat to check out the theatre area. The nightclubs always seem busy, but we didn't check them out. Stop for your refills at Rumbar on your large slushy drinks.Vegas Food InfoWe really enjoyed the Treasure Island buffet (based on what you get for the pricepoint and quality). The staff even remembered me from my previous visit in March.We had the best breakfast at the Grand Lux Cafe (Venetian). My favourite on the strip for lunch is Mon Ami Gabi (Paris). We splurged on a meal at Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill at the MGM before seeing a show. By far the best meal we have eaten.Check out Jean Phillipe's desserts at the Bellagio (as well as his chocolate fountain).Overall we had a great stay at the Mirage. If the price was right, I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Rooms are tranquil getaway from casino chaos.	I traveled with two 14 year olds and got a room with 2 queen beds and a rollaway. Before booking on line, I called directly and asked three times to be sure that the extra person fee ($30/night) would include a rollaway. When I called back to confirm a rollaway, I was told it would be an extra expense (another $30/night). When I explained I called before booking, they went ahead and gave me the rollaway at no extra cost. Things I thought we would appreciate: The pool got such great reviews, I thought it would be something the kids would enjoy. They didn't use it once, though appreciated looking at it. Even from our 3rd floor, relatively near the elevators room, the pool was quite a trek to get to. Things we actually appreciated: Proximity to the Venetian. The kids could walk across the street to the Venetian, which is where my son really wanted to stay but I didn't want the extra expense. Frankly, I liked that they had to go out in the sunshine and get a little fresh air to get to the Venetian. I'm not sure they would have so willingly gone outside if we had stayed there. In fact the location was just all around good. Drawbacks: The only drawbacks to the Mirage are the same as those for all the massive casino hotels--there are just too many people there. And we went in August which I understand is not the busy season. That said, the people are largely in the casino and public areas. The hotel corredors and rooms were peaceful and quiet. Service: I really never want much in the way of &quot;service&quot; from a hotel. We called for extra towels once and they were delivered quickly. The people at the concierge desk were moderately helpful and always polite. The check in staff was pleasant and efficient--though I specifically arranged travel to avoid the busiest times. For example, I booked the hotel room for the final day of our stay even though we wouldn't spend the night. It just makes for an easier trip. Ordinary check in and check out times are just awful, regardless of where you are. We toured several hotels around 11 a.m. and they are just zoos.In the hotel we ate once at each of the following: Cravings--was fine. As with many buffets it is heavy on the high-starch, greasy foods. Some simple things, like egg-drip soup, were badly done. Others, like tomato soup, were well done. I primarily had prime rib and shrimp cocktail with salad and some sweet potatoes. All that was good, as were the bread pudding (mostly a custard, very little bread) and coconut macaroons. The kids enjoyed the pizza. Roasted Bean--as a Starbucks devotee I rarely try other coffee shops, but this one was well worth it, even better--at least in some respects--than Starbucks. The croissant was especially good--just a good plain butter croissant. The simplest things are often the hardest to pull off. And the coffee is extremely good and extremely strong without that faint burnt taste that some dark roasts have. Carnegie Deli: The sandwiches are about $20 each and ridiculously large, but they were a hit and when most dinner places were overcrowded it was a relatively quick way to have a good dinner back in the room. Seven layer choc. cake also a hit. I would recommend this hotel for people who are trying to balance what they want against what their kids want. If I were not going with kids, I'd stay further out of town.	
Aug 22 2009 	Stunningly good hotel	I cannot recommend this hotel and it's staff enough. We got to the hotel after a gruelling 15 hours of travelling from the UK and got to check-in. Upon checking in we found that i had booked the hotel for December! I am the most organised person alive and have never, ever done anything like this, nededless to say i felt like the bottom had fallen out of my world! The check-in clerk looked at my face and said &quot; leave it with me&quot;. Now bearing in mind i got a marvellous deal (for December!) and hadn't expected to pay for a pricier stay. The first figure she mentioned had me turning green. She then went to talk to her supervisor and came back with a life saving deal! I have never been so grateful in my whole life and promply tipped her for all her outstanding help, she didn't have to help the idiot that is now known as me but she was exceptional and is now officially my angel! She then proceeded to put us in a strip view room!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You will not regret your stay here it is a stunningly beautiful hotel and the staff and rooms are brilliant along with the location which is perfect. I only found one teeny weeny fault and that would be the small shallow bath. I think if they extended the bathroom by 2 feet the rooms would be perfection! So in conclusion despite the bath i would definitely dully recommend this hotel it is truly exceptional and the best hotel, for me, in the world!!!!!!!	
Aug 20 2009 	Mirage Zoo- still fun but smaller now	We were saddened on our latest trip to Vegas, to find that many of the Las Vegas attractions that appeal to children, have been removed. One of these is the white tiger pool at the Mirage Hotel &amp; Casino. This used to be conveniently located in one of the main hallways, and was a great, free attraction for families. Whenever we visited, this attraction was packed with people enjoying the view of a big white tiger in a gorgeous blue pool with waterfalls and amazingly colorful tile work. Now it has been replaced with yet another restaurant.  We still enjoyed the large aquarium behind the front desk, and the pretty bit of indoor jungle just inside the front doors. And the little zoo is still there to enjoy - which we did. To anyone who has been to a lot of the big zoos of the world, be warned: It is small. But we like it.	
Aug 20 2009 	Contemporary Rooms Great Location Excellent Value	We booked two rooms for two nights at the Mirage in August to celebrate my dad's 60th birthday. My husband and I had stayed at the Bellagio in May, and were really disappointed, so I wasn't sure what to expect from a lesser-rated property like the Mirage (we chose it because we had tickets to see The Beatles Love). From the moment we set foot in the lobby, we were treated wonderfully. The check-in lines were long, but not as long as the Bellagio and the woman who checked us in did so very fast. We stayed on the 23rd floor, room 066, and loved the view of the Strip (booked on the Mirage Web site for only $104 per night). The room was spacious and very modern - gorgeous flat screen TV in front of the very comfy bed. Two complaints: First, the bathroom. It was small and the bathtub filled up when we took a shower. (The bathrooms at the Bellagio are definitely nicer.) The room was also a bit noisy - lots of slamming doors late at night and early (by Vegas standards) maid service. The pool area was absolutely fabulous - again, much better than the Bellagio. Finding a chair at noon was difficult, even on a Monday, but we managed. The great music playing at the pool drowns out the steady drone of helicopters that constantly seem to circle the Strip. Enjoyed a great lunch and very friendly service at the Carnegie Deli, and we were thrilled to find an actual Starbucks on property (even if the price of a muffin is four times that of a regular Starbucks). We tried to get into Jet (the nightclub), but, after standing in line for an hour and with at least another hour to go, we decided to skip it this time. The breakfast buffet is wonderful, too. Unfortunately, the drinks at the pool and the Revolution Lounge are quite overpriced. While I wouldn't stay at the Bellagio again (overpriced, out dated, not 5-star service), I am definitely looking forward to returning to the Mirage.	
Aug 20 2009 	hot	just got home from long flight. Mirage was good all round hotel with lots of people all very friendly. The weekends were very hectic with lots of hussle and bussle in the main floor. carniege for breakfast was good. we did try the champagne buffet in cravings with plenty of choice and good quality food. treasure island buffet was also good and a good link to the mall. the rooms were clean and comfortable we has a strip view the other people in the party were in the back which faced the freeway not such a good view! the beds were very comfortable and clean sheets daily and shampoo/soaps ect supplied. carefull if you have a 15 kg weight limit ( thomas cook) then you can leave your toiletries and go across the road to walgreens to get everything you need. Dont !!!!!!wear flip flops as my feet are ruined as the amount of walking involved in vegas is LOTS. all in all a good holiday but too busy for me i feel like I need another to chillout! I would recommend the location of this hotel very central	
Aug 20 2009 	Great hotel shame about the pool!!	What a really great hotel. Rooms large and excelently cleaned by maids every day. good cafes, restaurants and brilliant staff. Cannot really say anything bad about this hotel. we visited nearly all the others on the strip and to be honest I think Mirage was the best. The cravings restaurant ran buffets at Brakfast, dinner and lunch. we triued all three and the food quality was fantastic although some of the servers were less than enthusiastic. We didn't use the casino as I'm not a gambler . The only disappointments were the pool and the white lion habitat (privately run..see seperate review). The pool looked amazing with waterfalls etc, sadly it never gets deeper than about 4 foot. Very limited on what can be done and it's really more of a &quot;cooling off &quot; pool than functional for swimming or any kind of activity. I think this is the norrm in vegas, Our room on the 16th floor was much larger than the ones in NYC and the furnishings were brill and the beds very comfy. The Deuce bus ($7 for a 24 hour ticket) stopped outside the hotel but as the mirage is located in the middle of the strip walking to anywhere but fremont street is an option. Note The north strip (circus circus and stratosphere end is run down and not really a good place to be walking after dark). No massive party problems and security guys were very thorough on checking room keys before allowing entry into guest areas at night.	
Aug 19 2009 	Love Love Love	We booked two standard rooms back in July for a friends bachelorette party. Booked straight thru the Mirage website and we were able to use the 10% off deal. We got in around 12:30. Since it was not close to check in yet, they took all of our luggage and gave us a ticket for it to be brought up once our rooms were ready. Even though it was early, we went in to see if maybe one (or possibly both) rooms were ready. After about 10 minutes tops (there might have been 1 person in front of us in line) we were able to get into one of our rooms. Also, we originally booked the rooms for 8 people. One girl ended up backing out, so we had 7. Not intentionally, she mentioned the one less person when checking in, and was able to get $30 per day back on her card from the extra person room fee.The room we got was a strip view. We called down for our luggage and it was brought up about 2 minutes later (we had them bring all the luggage even though 1/2 the group was to be in another room) We went and had lunch and played a little beerpong at Rockhouse. When we came back, the second room was ready. Even though both rooms were booked together, we didn't think they have us near each other. BUT the second room was right across the hall! The rooms were comfortable for 4 girls.The beds were AMAZING!! We didn't have any issues trying to all get ready. After the showers were taken, we would compile in one room and start to drink and get ready together. There was enough room in the small 'foyer' area for 3 people to do hair at once and 2 people in the bathroom to do make up. We also had a 'curling iron' station over by the desk area. The room wasn't HUGE but obviously spacious!Food: We didn't eat at the hotel too much but for dinner the first night, we went to BLT burger. We went down around 8 or so and only had to wait about 10 minutes- for a group of 7. The burgers were good. And the spiked milkshakes were wonderful!! We also had dinner at FIX at Bellagio which has the same menu (and owned by the same group) as Stack at the Mirage. Fix was AMAZING!! I wish I could remember everything everyone in our group had, but I can not! Everyone had something different and not a single person had anything bad to say! A few girls also had California Pizza Kitchen and The Deli and said they were good as well. Pool: We never made it to the 'main' Mirage pool. A group of 7 girls in their mid-20's draws alot of attention for the promoters. So we were walked into Bare each day that we came downstairs in our suits. They knew us by name by the end of the weekend... Anyways, the first day we got down there, they told us we could have a set of sunbeds until someone pays for them. We ordered drinks and instantly got in the pool. It was unusually quiet, especially after hearing the promoters compare the atmosphere to &quot;ReHab&quot; at the Hard Rock on Sundays. We later found out that the main pool's chlorine tank had exploded and for safety precautions, they had to stop the music. Everyone was very friendly at the pool and we had a great time (we were actually able to talk to people since it was so quiet!). And no, not a single one of us enjoyed it as a 'European Pool' Experience, although MANY of the other guests did. By the end of the day, the music was turned back on and it was a great party atmosphere. However, it was a bit crowded due to the tank exploding. The next day, there was no issue with exploding tanks so there was music and was less crowded.Club: Again, group of 7 girls.... While checking into the room, we were approached by the Jet club promoters. We were put on their Girls VIP list for that night. They had free drinks for girls until midnight, so we thought, why not? It was a BIT confusing once we got down to get into the club though. There were about 3 different lines going, and we were told to go from one place to another for a while. Once we were in the right line (after about 5 minutes of walking from here to there) it only took us about 10 minutes to get in, which is much better than the other lines. The club was packed, but they played good music. The drinks were good and strong, made better by the fact they were free!All and all, it was an amazing weekend. The Mirage was at the perfect location. The rooms were roomy, beds were comfy, and it was a great experience!	
Aug 19 2009 	good hotel in center of lasvagus but electric shock me in bathroom	We stay here for 3 nights first reception her from Phillipines very nice and room very good big room but eletcric shock me when I touch round mirron in bathroom becarefulstaff very friendly	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice!!	Stayed for two nights. Check-in was pretty fast during our Thurs afternoon arrival. Very plush accommodations and large updated room. As with most posts here, the bathrooms are a little small but that's Ok .Valet and Bell service were adequate and The Mirage is situated in a very good place on the Strip. The Cravings Buffet was decent although there was a long line but it moved at a decent speed, and they had a good variety of food for the Dinner meal.	
Aug 17 2009	I love the Mirage!	I won a trip via a Southwest Airline's Twitter contest and ended up at the Mirage! It was awesome! Probably would never have stayed there since I earn comps with Harrah's.The location was great and getting around to the strip was simple. Check in was a little wait but the staff could not have been friendlier!Little bit of a walk to the room but a straight shot and lots of shopping. We had a lovely view of the strip.The room was clean and very well appointed! Very contemporary. Beds were comfy. (pictures attacehed) The windows bugged me because they needed to be washed but not that big of deal..Housekeeping service was timely and excellent.Lots of fun touristy shopping, lots of eating options and bars. Walked around the pool and it looked so nice!Nice buffet...albiet a little pricey. Very nice stay! Thanks Southwest and Mirage!	
Aug 17 2009 	A great place to stay	My husand, two sons (21 and 17) and I stayed at the Mirage in Las Vegas from 12th July for a week. On arrival at reception of course the first thing you see is the famous aquarium - it is amazing. On checking we requested a room with a bit of a view. No problem. My husband and I were given a room on the 15th floor overlooking the volcano and the strip. My sons were allocated a room on the 11th floor looking over towards the Rio Hotel and the mountains in the distance (sun sets were great). Perfect views. Although the place never sleeps - we did - did not hear a sound. We had breakfast in the Caribe Cafe every morning - great selection. We ate dinner in this restaurant once - food was lovely, we also ate at the BLT Burger, Paradise Cafe and the California Pizza Kitchen. If there was a fault it was that the plates were too big and too full!! The hotel was excellent and we all thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The rooms were spotless. They were cleaned with new bedding and towels daily. The staff were very helpful and friendly. There were loads of loungers at the pool and on the four or so occasions we stayed by the pool it did not take us too long to find loungers. People did leave towels on the loungers of course - where doesn't this happen, but the staff were very good at going round all the areas regularly and taking towels away where there were no other belongings and it was obvious the people had left. So, there was always a supply of loungers no matter when you went to the pool.Loved the hotel and would go back in a minute.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Room Excellent Location	Apparently The Mirage is the resort that started the mega resort trend, I can see why. The rooms are great -- newly remodeled with an amazing bed (big down comforter and pillows). The bathroom is a little small, but that's ok. The shower head is AWFUL -- that's my only complaint -- it's a super low-flow model. The pool is great. Plenty of space for everyone and the water is the perfect temperature. Casino has everything you expect, and it's quite large. The location is perfect -- right in the middle of the strip. Overall, this was a great stay and we're really looking forward to visiting The Mirage again.	
Aug 15 2009 	My birthday disappoinment at The Mirage	My family and I arrived around 1am after a long and delayed flight to Las Vegas to find that our rooms were not available and given away to someone else. We were celebrating my fathers and my birthday and our first adult family trip together!! At booking, we were promised two renovated, double bed, non-smoking and adjoining rooms. We were given one two double bed, older room that smelled like smoke and the other room was an updated king, which was nice. My Mother did not sleep in the older smoke smelling room because she had asthma. After discussing with the staff at check in that this is not what were we promised she did consider to accommodate us to the rooms and to be moved the next day. However, that was a complete mess as well! My mother and I had to hang out around the hotel all day to wait for the front desk to contact us on our hotel phone to let us know when it was time to change rooms. After touching base with the check-in staff, they still did not have the correct rooms, adjoining and strip view that was promised. About 4pm we were finally switched but had to move our luggage from both room ourselves, which I thought they should have offered to handle. The keys given to us for both new rooms did not work. We then had to wait for Security to come let us in our new rooms. After contacting the desk again and 45 minutes later, the Concierge finally delivered our new keys. That was a whole day wasted!! Instead of celebrating my birthday we stayed in the room waiting to hear from the staff!! We were finally able to go sight seeing on the strip. One of the rooms also had no bath mat or hand towels. I can say that the beds were very comfortable.At booking, we were also informed that we would receive a $50 Cravings Buffet Credit and 4 Secret Garden passes per each room. On Sunday morning we went down to the Cravings Buffet and again there was an issue! We stood in line for a while and when we gave our card and room number there was no credit. The cashier had to contact the front desk and we held up the line. The bad thing about it, the time was changing from breakfast to lunch and the people behind us that were in line were frustrated as well. They went ahead and fixed our credit for breakfast. The food was bland and not that good! After breakfast, we went to the Secret Garden and again there was an issue. I was totally over it by now! The lady at the desk for the Garden went ahead and let us in. The Secret Garden was pretty cool and we enjoyed it. The night before we left on Monday night, I spoke with the front desk manager about everything we had experienced during our trip. She apologized and informed us that the front staff that told us there was adjoining rooms was new and in training. She credited back our card for the Cravings Buffet and made sure we were not charged additionally for the Secret Garden. She first was going to credit some money back for one night stay and we asked for the total for one night for one room was credited. She was nice and handled it but by this time we had been frustrated and were flying out the next day.My family and I arrived around 1am after a long and delayed flight to Las Vegas to find that our rooms were not available and given away to someone else. We were celebrating my fathers and my birthday and our first adult family trip together!! At booking, we were promised two renovated, double bed, non-smoking and adjoining rooms. We were given one two double bed, older room that smelled like smoke and the other room was an updated king, which was nice. My Mother did not sleep in the older smoke smelling room because she had asthma. After discussing with the staff at check in that this is not what were we promised she did consider to accommodate us to the rooms and to be moved the next day. However, that was a complete mess as well! My mother and I had to hang out around the hotel all day to wait for the front desk to contact us on our hotel phone to let us know when it was time to change rooms. After touching base with the check-in staff, they still did not have the correct rooms, adjoining and strip view that was promised. About 4pm we were finally switched but had to move our luggage from both room ourselves, which I thought they should have offered to handle. The keys given to us for both new rooms did not work. We then had to wait for Security to come let us in our new rooms. After contacting the desk again and 45 minutes later, the Concierge finally delivered our new keys. That was a whole day wasted!! Instead of celebrating my birthday we stayed in the room waiting to hear from the staff!! We were finally able to go sight seeing on the strip. One of the rooms also had no bath mat or hand towels. I can say that the beds were very comfortable.At booking, we were also informed that we would receive a $50 Cravings Buffet Credit and 4 Secret Garden passes per each room. On Sunday morning we went down to the Cravings Buffet and again there was an issue! We stood in line for a while and when we gave our card and room number there was no credit. The cashier had to contact the front desk and we held up the line. The bad thing about it, the time was changing from breakfast to lunch and the people behind us that were in line were frustrated as well. They went ahead and fixed our credit for breakfast. The food was bland and not that good! After breakfast, we went to the Secret Garden and again there was an issue. I was totally over it by now! The lady at the desk for the Garden went ahead and let us in. The Secret Garden was pretty cool and we enjoyed it. The night before we left on Monday night, I spoke with the front desk manager about everything we had experienced during our trip. She apologized and informed us that the front staff that told us there was adjoining rooms was new and in training. She credited back our card for the Cravings Buffet and made sure we were not charged additionally for the Secret Garden. She first was going to credit some money back for one night stay and we asked for the total for one night for one room was credited. She was nice and handled it but by this time we had been frustrated and were flying out the next day.My family and I arrived around 1am after a long and delayed flight to Las Vegas to find that our rooms were not available and given away to someone else. We were celebrating my fathers and my birthday and our first adult family trip together!! At booking, we were promised two renovated, double bed, non-smoking and adjoining rooms. We were given one two double bed, older room that smelled like smoke and the other room was an updated king, which was nice. My Mother did not sleep in the older smoke smelling room because she had asthma. After discussing with the staff at check in that this is not what were we promised she did consider to accommodate us to the rooms and to be moved the next day. However, that was a complete mess as well! My mother and I had to hang out around the hotel all day to wait for the front desk to contact us on our hotel phone to let us know when it was time to change rooms. After touching base with the check-in staff, they still did not have the correct rooms, adjoining and strip view that was promised. About 4pm we were finally switched but had to move our luggage from both room ourselves, which I thought they should have offered to handle. The keys given to us for both new rooms did not work. We then had to wait for Security to come let us in our new rooms. After contacting the desk again and 45 minutes later, the Concierge finally delivered our new keys. That was a whole day wasted!! Instead of celebrating my birthday we stayed in the room waiting to hear from the staff!! We were finally able to go sight seeing on the strip. One of the rooms also had no bath mat or hand towels. I can say that the beds were very comfortable.At booking, we were also informed that we would receive a $50 Cravings Buffet Credit and 4 Secret Garden passes per each room. On Sunday morning we went down to the Cravings Buffet and again there was an issue! We stood in line for a while and when we gave our card and room number there was no credit. The cashier had to contact the front desk and we held up the line. The bad thing about it, the time was changing from breakfast to lunch and the people behind us that were in line were frustrated as well. They went ahead and fixed our credit for breakfast. The food was bland and not that good! After breakfast, we went to the Secret Garden and again there was an issue. I was totally over it by now! The lady at the desk for the Garden went ahead and let us in. The Secret Garden was pretty cool and we enjoyed it. The night before we left on Monday night, I spoke with the front desk manager about everything we had experienced during our trip. She apologized and informed us that the front staff that told us there was adjoining rooms was new and in training. She credited back our card for the Cravings Buffet and made sure we were not charged additionally for the Secret Garden. She first was going to credit some money back for one night stay and we asked for the total for one night for one room was credited. She was nice and handled it but by this time we had been frustrated and were flying out the next day. Our hotel stay was not as pleasant as it was expected!	
Aug 14 2009 	Ok but it has to be better in Vegas	My husband and I stayed three nights. We arrived a little past midnight. My husband checked in and was told we have to go to a smoking room since all of the non smoking rooms were already taken, even though I requested a non-smoking room when reservations made in June. He was told that there were no other rooms that the hotel was totally booked up. We went to the room and the smell of stale smoke made me sick, even the bed pillows smelling like an ashtray. I called the front desk and we were moved to a room that I originally requested (king, non-smoking). The bed was comfy but the bathroom was way too small. The second room was very clean, the first smoking room had a bobby pin on the floor in the bathroom and hair all in the tub. We went by the concerige desk the next day for any recommendations on shows or any entertainment ideas, the girl just gave us a list of all the shows and acted like she was annoyed with the question. We asked about the monorail and she again handed us a brochure. Totally not helpful. Pool was way too crowded with all the chairs. All facilities (salon, food, store) were all over priced for the quality. All staff encountered were borderline indifferent/rude with the exception of one poolside waitress. She was very nice. It's a mediocre hotel, for the money the strip has better to offer.	
Aug 14 2009 	I Love Vegas	My husband was attending a conference June 4-7 and I decided to tag along. We arrived to long lines and manual check-ins as the whole MGM-Mirage computer system had apparently crashed--even some of the slot machines were out of service! Staff did the best they could and remained polite and professional. Check-in was long and painful as staff had to manually look up reservations and phone for credit info; and after that, there was a wait for keys to be programmed. Through it all though, we did get a room that accounted for the few requests we had (higher floor, non-smoking, king bed). Joy was to be short-lived though as we discovered that the shower was broken, in that when turned on, a stream of water would shoot out the side and accoss the bathroom hitting the mirror, pretty much soaking everthing on the counter (and eventually, the floor). Not wanting to bother front desk (and assuming it would be a long wait for a response), we called house-keeping who promised to contact maintenance for us. Happily, we changed and went off to the pool for a few hours. Back in the room to get ready for dinner, we check the shower--and wouldn't you know it--same as before. So on the way out for dinner we stop at the bell desk (lines for check-in were now longer than ever!) to tell them of our shower problem and were promised that someone would be up to take a look. Arriving back in the room sometime around midnight, we check the shower again--still broken. Now, I was getting upset--actually panicking at the thought of not being able to have a shower the next morning--so I decided to pack up our stuff while my husband went down to the front desk to explain--politely--our situation with the shower. He came back up with a room upgrade. The hotel itself is gorgeous with the giant aquarium behind front desk and the atruim leading to the casino with tropical flowers. The restaurants' food was okay--too pricey in my opinion for what you get....but when is Vegas (or anything within a hotel's property) reasonable anyways? Our upgraded room was clean and stylish--loved the double sinks and separate tub and shower stall in the bathroom. A couple dollars in tip to house-keeping gets you extra bath products! The pool area is beautiful, with a tropical look to it. The pool itself is large, with a waterfall in the middle--a little cold for my liking but my husband didn't complain. Drinks were expensive though :(I can't comment too much on the casino as I am not a serious gambler. I stuck with 3-6 Limit Hold'em and never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a seat at a table. I managed to win some money at the table only to have it all go back to the Vegas economy in the form of Outlet shopping, but I was happy in that I didn't lose any money gambling overall. My husband on the other hand, was up in winnings until he decided to enter the nightly poker tournament one night and placed just one spot out of winning a share of the pot! Ah well, it was all in all a great trip--nice to get away from the kids and be adults again!	
Aug 13 2009 	Amazing! Perfect location so want to take my husband there!	When I went back in summer of 2003 with my family, I had the best time! The Mirage was an amazing hotel and lots of fun. Las Vegas is the coolest and I can't wait to go with my hubby in the future.	
Aug 13 2009 	cant wait to return!!!!!!	cannot say enough about this hotel. probably one of the finest hotels i have ever stayed in. fabulous location, fabulous staff and the room was gorgeous. we stayed for 6 nights and had absolutely no issues with the staff/hotel. food was delicious, casino was very exciting. cant wait to go back to las vegas and will definately be returning to the mirage	
Aug 13 2009 	Great place will definitely go back	Stayed for 4 nights at the Mirage in a Towever premium room (on the 25th floor) from Aug 3rd to 7th. Check in around noon was fast and efficient. It it too bad that they have individual lines instead of one big line that takes you to the next available teller, but it was fairly quick. (I would expect it to be worse on weekends).Room was very nice, facing the pool (as requested). You could see all the main hotels like Paris, Ceasar's, Planet Hollywood, etc.. Plus you could also see the highway and mountains in the back. I was very quiet and didn't hear my neighbours or people in the hall at all.TV was massive with something that looked like a 46&quot; LCD. It had HD channels (in the 100's), but they never worked at the signal in my room was week. I called housekeeing, but it never gt fixed.Bathroom was very nice with whirlpool tub and separate shower (With amazing pressure!) and 2 sinks. Plenty of towels, soap, etc..Ate at the Buffet for breakfast and at the pool restaurant once for lunch and also once for breakfast. (Breakfast at the pool restaurant was fairly expensive for what I got, but it was great eating outside).Pool was crowded for weekdays. Finding chairs at 8:15 was no problem, but after 9am can start becoming difficult. Not many people reserved chairs and left, for the most part, they were all occupied even that early in the morning. (When it's 100+ degrees, you want to enjoy the morning hours)Checkout was fast as well.I really enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back there. IThe stay was pretty much perfect!	
Aug 13 2009 	Fabulous Stay at the Mirage Hotel 	Trip to Vegas for a Stagette weekend (July 25-28), with 5 girls.Booked our flights with Allegiant seperately from the hotel and got a great deal.Having stayed at the Monte Carlo in Vegas previously (which was fine), the Mirage far exceeded my expectations. Especially since we got a great nightly rate, which included passes to the Secret Garden (4), and a $40 dining credit.The hotel was packed, and 100% sold for the weekend, great vibe there too.Check-in was efficient. We had requested two rooms with 2 Queens, but they were unavailable when we arrived.However the hotel had us in rooms with 1 King bed, and had a Queen sized cot delivered within minutes of getting into our rooms, they were also able to keep us a few doors down from each other on the same floor, even though the rooms were booked seperately and at different times.The next day they informed us that they had been able to snag two rooms with 2 Queen beds, that were adjoining- this change was done very quickly for us, and at no extra charge.The room decor is lovely, nice flat panel televisions, and very comfy duvets/pillows.Housekeeping was excellent as well- rooms were very clean.The pool at the Mirage is beautiful- it was so busy, that we had a hard time finding a chair, but it was so hot you needed to be in the water anyway.Poolside service was also excellent.Checked out Bare (topless pool), because the main pool was so crowded, and the first day at Bare was excellent, great crowd, and you don't have to be topless to be in there, so we had a great time in a more adult environment.Hit Bare the second day, and the crowd this time was super snobby, and unfriendly.What appeared to be a swingers group became offended that we wouldnt take our tops off (despite the other dozen women there with their bathing suits on), and kept questioning us about it, and staring at us and whispering- very odd experience.So beware Bare, the second day we were there, there weren't just harmless topless women, this group was being obscene, and fondling each other, and other nasty-ness in the pool. (unfortunately this group was quite unsightly too, which made it even worse!).Other than this weird, unpleasant experience with this group from California, we encountered nice/friendly people all over the resort, including the staff.The Secret Garden/Dolphin Habitat was really nice, lots of animals, kids would love it.We checked out the following restaurants:1. Carnagie Deli- portions sizes were astronimical. Wouldn't go back since its fairly expensive, and no one should be able to eat sandwhiches that size! But it was good fresh ingredients, and good service.2. California Pizza- great service, except for a nasty hostess, also very weird. The servers were fantastic though, and the food was tasty.3. Caribe (I think that is what is called): excellent breakfast, and reasonably priced; also amazing service. One morning we saw Keifer Sutherland eating in there, and harassed him for his pic (felt pretty bad bothering him at breakfast, but one of my friends was insistent).The nightclub inside the Mirage (Jet) was also great- great service, good crowd.Just find one of the promoters in the lobby during the day, and get on the guest list- no waiting, no cover.In short the Mirage Hotel was an exceptional place to in Vegas, and I would head back there for sure.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great Time @ Mirage	Stayed there in June had a great stay kids loved the gardens and the animals and the Mirage is so central to all Vegas has to offer.Highly Recommend the Mirage to young and old !	
Aug 12 2009 	i can now say I have been to Vegas.	I do not get away much- wanted to go someplace different for my 25th Anniversary. SInce I am in the business- I decided Las Vegas had gotten a bum rap and I wanted to support them. After much searching, I choose the Mirage. The hotel itself was fine. Eventhough I told them who I was and why I was there- I got one of the older rooms with no few( I would never do that to an industry person). Hoover Dam trip was great. Loved theVenitian Shops and the Gondola Ride. i recommend you buy a bus pass and take the bus up and down the strip. You really do not need a car. I think the next time I would stay downtown- the real people stay there. Pool at Mirage was nice - not hard to get a seat at all. Staff said business has been picking up. The best service we had was at Outback on the Strip - waiter was great. never made a restaurant reservation - was able to get in everywhere. Well, I can now say I have been to Vegas.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Hotel	Its really hard to choose between all the wonderful looking hotels in this lively place but we decided on the Mirage because of its location (equal distance from the Stratosphere and the Mandalay Bay at either end of the strip). The pool area was wonderful with great service all day and the various resturants were all good quality and value for money. Unfortunately, some of the rooms were being refurbished so we were awoken daily at 7am by the builders hammering and drilling in the room directly above ours. Also the 'volcano' attraction at the front of the hotel was closed for maintenance for the whole of our stay. Overall the hotel/casino was very clean and comfortable and theservice we recieved was very good. I would stay here again as long as the refurb was finished.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent Stay at the Mirage!	My husband and I have been to Vegas three times now. This is by far the best hotel we have stayed at!! Everything is right there that you could possibly want.Transportation from airport- last 2 times we took the shuttle and although it is cheap ($6.50 each I think) it is painful if you aren't one of the first stops as you wait at each hotel for everyone to get on or off. We took a cab this time for $20 on the wya to the hotel and for some reason only $15 on the way back to the airport (2 different routes of course). Definitely worth the cab fare!!!Check in - Very fast and the lady was extremely friendly and helpful. Our Room - Better than we expected, we were in a deluxe room on the 19th floor with a great view of the Strip! We had 2 dressers and although we were only there 5 days it is nice to be able to unpack and get organized. There is a mini bar in the room but unless you want to pay premium prices don't touch anything in it...it charges by weight so as soon as you move something it will be automatically billed to your room. Our bathroom was spacious and really clean. We had a king size bed and a comfy chair for 2 to sit on and look out at the strip as well as watch the volcano show. There is a large plasma tv on the wall as well but we didn't use it.Restaurants - You can not leave without ordering a corned beef or pastrami sandwich at Carnegie Deli but be prepared to share it...it would be impossible for one person...actually even two to eat it all!! Stack has great food as well and we also tried happy hour appetizers at Japanois that were tasty. Otherwise we ate at other places on the strip. You have to go to Margaritaville just across the road by the Flamingo even if you just go to check it out...go all the way upstairs and there is a balcony where you can sit and look out at everyone walking the strip...you usually don't have to wait for a table up there and I am pretty sure lot's of people don't know about it. Regardless of what you order and where you eat be sure to check out the portion sizes...they were so huge everywhere we went we shared all the time. Not sure how anyone can eat portions that large!! Oh well...you are on vacation!! :)The pool- really nice pool...we stayed at the Flamingo before and it's a different environment. Can't really say which pool is nicer as they are both great. The Mirage is a little more crowded together but has more loungers than the Flamingo...the Flmaingo was a little louder and younger so it was fun too. There are drinks and a nice little patio restaurant there but again...huge portions and they charge you $5 to share. Our waiter suggested buying a $3 fruit plate and they don't charge you the $5 sharing fee and at least you get something for the $3. Turned out the fruit plate was really great.Casino - not the most fun atmosphere I have had in a casino but then again we didn't win anything so that might have been why! We did win at the Flamingo this time as well as last time quite often so you went up and down but at least you had fun. They definitely come around with drinks at the Mirage more than I have seen at other casino's.Freemont Street-in our other trips to Vegas we never went but decided to grab a cab and head over there to check it out. I wouldn't go back again but it was definitely a fun thing to go and see. Would suggest anyone who has not gone to go and check it out.Shopping - of course the outlet mall (the outdoor one not the one by the airport) is fantastic with lot's of different stores and great deals. If you don't feel like going that far though the Fashion mall is just past Treasure Island and also has some great stores and good deals.Fitness Centre - I checked around before we went and and apparently they don't have one so I didn't bring my workout gear. Really though with all the walking you do it's no biggie.Check out - again no issues and they held our bags for us as had to check out 4 hours before we had to go to the airport.If you have any questions don't hesitate to contact me...it was a great stay...I just wouldn't hang out too long at their casino.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent hotel	We celebrated our 42nd anniversary on August 5th by taking an offer from the Mirage. We have been going to Las Vegas every year for the past 18 years. We were pleasantly surprised in all catagories. The Mirage is a great hotel.The room was clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. Had to request face cloths twice during our stay. There was also an unusual noise from the drains in the bathroom. This was a surprise considering the cleanliness of the room and the general maintainance of the room and hallways.I would like to commend the staff for the security in the evening. To access the elevators you had to show your room key. We were on a card floor, so it even gave you a more secured feeling knowing the hotel uses extra measures to protect guest.The location, salon, pool, and rest. were all great.We were placed on the 25th floor as an upgrade. The room was 25058 and the view was magnificent.The Mirage is rated number one on my list above Belagio or the Monte Carlo. We will return next year for our 43rd. Casino slots were not paying off so we ended up going to other casinos to gamble.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great choice of hotel!	We stayed at this hotel a couple of weeks ago. The room was fabulous! It was huge and had all the amenities. Would definitely stay there again if I go back to Las Vegas!	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Hotel For The Money	Just returned from a 4 day stay at The Mirage and loved the property. I was traveling as part of a group of 25 friends and it proved to be a great choice for our visit to Vegas.We booked standard view rooms so there wasn't much to see but we really didn't spend much time in our room anyway and I don't think I looked out of the window more than once or twice. The room size was big enough to be comfortable and the bathroom was more than adequate. Nice large flat-screen tv and an in-room safe were great. What can you ask for when you are paying $69 a night over a weekend?Restaurants were very good though all of the prime choices closed at 10p.m. We partied at BarePool each day and needed some power naps afterwards so the 10p.m. dinner thing was annoying. We ended up in the deli twice and I am not a huge fan of deli sandwiches when a big steak or some sushi should have been available. Oh well though - the Cravings Buffet was good for breakfast.BarePool is possibly one of the craziest pools in the country. Wow - expensive but totally worth it. Cover was $40 for men and $20 for ladies (though many ladies had comp passes) and you have a $50 minimum to sit in a lounge chair on Mon-Fri ($100 on Sat or Sun) but it is worth it. Fun people just having a good time and it was nice to be surrounded by adults as my group of friends and I wanted to catch up without kids running all over the place. I would forget a cabana unless you are looking for privacy as they sit back too far from the pool itself. The Casino was more than adequate with a good-sized Sports Book which is perfect for the upcoming football season.Enjoyed Dos Caminos (Mexican Restaurant) across the street at the Palazzo. Great food and a lively place to eat. Lavo is a fun choice if you are tired of Pure, TAO, Tryst etc..In all would return in a minute!	
Aug 9 2009 	Exceeded our expectations!!!	My husband stayed at the Mirage for the first time, and after staying there, I am sure we will return! From the time we checked in until we checked out, we found the Mirage more than accommodating in all areas. The room was beautiful, chic and huge! The bed was sooooo comfortable, we did not want to get up! We decided to spend a day at the pool and went down at 9:00 am, which we thought would be plenty of time to find a chair...WRONG! It seems the game to play is to go down to the pool at 6:00 am and throw a towel and a book or newspaper on the chair you want and go back to bed, then you come back down hours later. That way, people ARE reserving their spot, but not at an additional charge (there is a $50 charge to reserve a chair). I think the people that do this are rude and this should be discouraged and/or stopped by the hotel. It ruins it for us that just want to play by the rules. The pool is wonderful, lush and very tropical. We finally did find a chair and had a great day at the pool! I also went to their spa and had a hot stone massage...OMG!!! It was awesome and their spa is the best I have been to, it would rival any out their and I have been to numerous spa's. Try it out, it won't dissapoint. We loved everything about the Mirage and we will return ASAP!!	
Aug 9 2009 	If you get a good deal this is the place to stay	There are plenty of websites where you can find a good deal at a Vegas hotel. We found such as deal at the Mirage. Rated by most 3rd party booking websites as a 4-star hotel, the Mirage delivers. The newly renovated well-appointed and chic rooms include a huge LCD TV and were very comfortable and roomy. The service was outstanding as well. We needed a room with two beds the first night and then wanted to switch to a king the next night and that was no problem at all.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great family gathering place!	We booked wayy early and got one of the 1-bedroom penthouse suites on the 27th floor. ($480 for 3 nites, including $80 food credit anywhere at Mirage, and 4 tickets to the Secret Garden. fabulous deal) Only 2 of us actually stayed in the suite, but we had 3 couples total allll the time there, we ate in the suite at the dining table, and played games. It was lovely. This suite had NOT been remodeled, but was nice nevertheless. Check in was quik at 3p (waited maybe 10 mins) and everyone was helpful. Nice frig in the bar area to hold our food items, we ate there alot, brought stuff from Albertsons down on Flamingo, and got our comp'd food from Carnegie Deli which was amazing. Pool wasnt real crowded, this is by far our favorite place to stay and hang out.	
Aug 8 2009 	Luxury that's not an illusion	My fiancee and I went to Vegas for a long weekend to celebrate my Dad's 50th Birthday in 2009. We arrived, were checked in promptly, and proceeded to our room, which the housekeeping staff was just finishing. I noticed that all the toiletries had not been changed, and had clearly been used - so I went out to the hall and got the maid attention. She apologize profusely and gave me an armful of new toiletries. She was very courteous, even though the fact that she forgot to change them in the first was probably our fault for rushing her out of the room. Our room was spacious, very contemporary, and had a view of the dolphin pool so we could see the animals playing in the morning. The food at the hotel was incredible, from the copycat Carnegie Deli to the stellar rustic Italian cuisine at ONDA. And of course, the Beatles Love Cirque du Solel is not to be missed! The location puts you at the doorstep - literally - of the Mirage volcano show, and a hop skip and a jump from the Treasure Island pirate show. With the Shops at the Forum right next door we were never want for entertainment, and we had two casino options between Ceasars and the Mirage. We spent our days largely exploring the rest of the strip, but nights were usually kept closer to our home base nless we had a show or restuarant to be at. All in all, I think the Mirage was excellent value for money, especially as someone who isn't in to the whole &quot;Vegas&quot; thing in the first place (my finacee and I are more interested in European museums and country vineyard escapes, but my parents LOVE Vegas and it was my dad's birthday present...). If we were to go back, I might choose to stay somewhere with more of a theme (like New York New York), but in all likelihood we'd head back to the Mirage.	
Aug 7 2009 	Mirage - just okay	Stayed here for 3 nights in June. We had a room on the 25th floor, so we had our own elevator which was nice; however the construction going on directly in front of the elevators was not. Scraps of materials lying around, dirty, &amp; dusty.The room was nice and clean but nothing spectacular.The pool area was VERY crowded, even as early as 11:00 am. Chairs were literally butted up against each other and still nothing available so never got any pool time.Restaurants were okay, again nothing spectacular and were overpriced in my opinion. (for example, $25 burger....$35 chicken breast) However, we had a GREAT steak, at Joe's Steak and Crab inside the Ceasar's Forum shops.We did enjoy the Dolphin habitat. And I had a great facial and massage at the Mirage Spa.	
Aug 7 2009 	20 somethings on a budget - good fit!	The Mirage is in a great location and for a group of friends traveling for a bachelorette party it was perfect. However, there are much fancier places out there on the strip. If you are looking for a sleek, sexy, modern hotel, then this probably would not be your first choice. But if you are looking for a decent value, great pool, and a starting place for all your Vegas adventures, this is a great choice. Notes- - The pool is great, with pretty good service for drinks and food. Lots of young, fun people to hang out with. People crash the Mirage pool from other hotels (even though you need your room card to get in to the pool area) so get there early if you want chairs. Have a Miami Vice - you will not be sorry and you'll enjoy your little &quot;nap&quot; by hte pool afterwards!- The staff are very helpful and accomodating. We booked a bunch of rooms and one suite on the same floor (for 15 girls) and all of them smelled like an ashtray, and they could not move us to a non-smoking floor (I can't belive I forgot to indicate non-smoking when I reserved the rooms!). But the janitor and security people we encountered while trying to get everything fixed were really accomodating, and they fumigated the room, so it smelled like Febreeze instead of smoke, which was only slightly better. It was my fault I forgot to reserve non-smoking rooms so I can't get mad, and they really did try to help. The $10 tip to the janitor was like giving him a $100. Really nice guy.- The Spa was beautiful, again, really nice people, but the treatment (facial) was just so-so. It was so relaxing, however, it was hard for me to get pumped up to go out that night. Guess I wont be visiting a spa in Vegas again.- The best clubs are not in this hotel so you will have to walk a bit to get to them, but the Venetian and Tao are right across the street. You can cab it or walk in flats to the other good spots.- The casino here is fine, it is not as pretty as the Wynn (so gorgeous!), fancy as the Venetian, or as modern as MGM Grand or Planet Hollywood, but the minimums are lower than some of the pricey hotels. I would go gaming somewhere else so you can experience another hotel's vibe, and play here only if I had some leftover cash I didn't mind parting with while killing some time.- The Italian restaurant here is tucked away in a corner and is really beautiful, would be a great place to retreat from all the noise, etc. Food was quite good as well. We loved our meal at LAVO in the Venetian, though. - The breakfast place outside the pool entrance is a walk-up coffe counter and bagel place. It was always super packed and super slow, probably the low point of the trip. But the Mirage is close to the mall where there is a decent food court (with a good Greek gyro place) so you can always go there. Or pay a little estra for breakfast by the pool, it is probably worth the extra $10 for your meal when you don't have to wait in line for 25 minutes. We did not do the buffet, probably a good option but more expensive, and eats in to your pool time.- We did not have updated rooms so the decor was just average. The bathroom was nice, though. I would make sure you know what kind of room you are getting and double check it so you get what you want.I have stayed here and at Treasure Island, and I would definitely recommend this over TI. I would go back if with a group of friends, but for a more romantic getaway, I would do a nicer place. Also, if I went with family, this would be a so-so choice. There might be more places that cater a bit more to young kids. Mirage had a very 20-something traveling on a budget feel to it. it would be nice for couples on a budget as well.	
Aug 5 2009 	Mirage Treated us Like Queens	When checking in at the mirage they had messed up the reservation., and posted the money we sent on the room to someone else's account. We were comped 4 buffets for that, which were amazing. We found a ant in our bed and we're upgraded to a different room, and received 4 comped meals up to $250.00 at any restaurant at the Mirage. The Manager also was going to comp our $84.00 room rate, but we took the $150.00 credit which could be used at the spas, bars, and other places. The slots we're good and I won about 2,000.00 in two nights playing on the same slot machine. All the restaurants were wonderful, and room service was excellent. I would highly recommend the Mirage to anyone looking for a very nice, and relaxing vacation. Also, the Jet nightclub was awesome.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great place	The lights never shut down in this place. Great atmosphere, grandiose architecture, a bit pricey, but overall good.	
Aug 4 2009 	Amazing superb!...	Me and my parents stayed at the Mirage hotel &amp; casino in 2006, and can not recommend this hotel more highly!. Situated in the middle of the Las Vegas strip, the mirage is home to an erupting volcano, dolphins, elephants and Sigfreud &amp; Roys white tigers. This hotel is not as large as some of the nearby resorts such as the MGM grand where it feels like you have to walk through Lakeside to get from your room to the pool! The Mirage is truly breathtaking!, when you check in you are greeted by an incredible aquarium and the indoor tropical rainforest is amazing. You have to walk through the casino to leave the hotel and to get to your room but this is only Vegas's way of trying to get you to have a flutter on the machines. The mirage is home to one of the most famous shows in the world - The Sigfreud &amp; Roy magic show! Unfortunately we did not get to see the show as it was around the time when Roy nearly had his head bitten off ! The resort has many bars and restaurants if you do not feel like venturing out onto the famous strip. The surrounding areas to the hotel is fabulous and encloses dolphins, and Sigfreud &amp; Roys secret garden which houses African elelphants and tigers just to name a few! The rooms are spacious yet cosy, they all have a television and hairdryer etc. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed visiting Las Vegas and the Mirage and i definently plan on returning with my husband in the near future !	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent Stay at the Mirage - plus some other reviews from my trip!!	Travelled: July 25th - August 1stAge: 4 adults (24 - 60 yrs.)Check-in: Excellent - we only waited 10 minutes and when we requested an adjoining room they found one for us with no problem!! The room wasn't ready for early check-in so we left our bags with the Bellmen and went shopping. We got back at 5pm and our rooms were ready and our bags were brought up. the bellman told us all about the hotel and everything we needed to know about strip!!Check-out: Took us less than 5 minutes to check-out the morning we were leaving!!The room: THE BED WAS AMAZING!! I'm still thinking about it!! The rooms were beautiful, clean and had everything we needed. Our view was of the mountains and the freeway and it was great!! It was nice to wake up to looking at the mountains everyday. The bathroom was perfect - some people have commented that it is small - and I'm not sure how many people they are trying to fit into it because for one person it was perfect!!The pool: Beautiful - it's big and the waterfalls are really nice. You do have to get there very early for lounge chairs but other than that it was a nice place for a little break!!Cirque Du Soleil 'Love': WOW...that's all I have to say!! Go see it!!The casino: It's the perfect size with a good range of things to play. It's not smokey and we did win some money!! BLT Burger: Super great burgers and fries!!! The service was great and the price was reasonable for what you get.Carnegie Deli: Had cake there one night and the service was a little bit slow but we went there for breakfast and the service and food was great!!Side Trips: Grand Canyon West Rim (2.5 hrs. drive one way) - totally worth the drive and the price of admission ($45).Red Rock Canyon (30 minute drive one way) - gorgeous!!! ($5)Disneyland (4 hour drive one way) - fun experience but not worth the drive. ($65)Freemont Street: Fun experience and the LCD show is one of a kind!! Had a fun time!!Las Vegas Monorail: Very convenient and a decent price!! Took it to both ends of the strip.Shopping: Fashion Show Mall - tonnes of great stores that are reasonably priced, great locationMiracle Mile Mall - very similar to Fashion Show Mall, great storesPrimm Outlets - nice mall but had the same stores as the outlets in VegasVegas Premium Outlets - good selection of stores, convenient location** Just an FYI - watch out for the Taxi Cab drivers!! They have zero patience for people and if they don't feel they are making enough money for driving you - they will not take you. I was actually left standing there as the cab drove away with the door openwhen I told him where I wanted to go. After that experience I took every other mode of transportation!! To sum it up....EXCELLENT trip to Vegas and the hotel was beautiful!!	
Aug 3 2009 	MIRAGE SHOULD BECOME A MIRAGE	I have stayed at Mirage at least 6 times in the 2 bedroom penthouse and the Mirage was always clean. This sounds stupid but the glass front doors would be cleaned 24 hrs a day. The front doors looked like 100 dogs rubbed there noses all over them. The filth didn't stop there. I was told the penthouses were redone. Yes they were. Not by new furniture or rugs but they seemed to take one of the full soaking tub and stall shower out to be replaced by a small tub shower combo. I called down and they said they never had 2 full master bathrooms. I said I must have seen a mirage the last 6 times we stayed. I wasn't goint to argue over the phone. The room was only $330 per night I used to pay $500 plus. When they redid the rooms they never got to the penthouses they ran out of money. They sold the treasure island at that time. MirageMGM group has run into trouble with city center project. They added the 2 bedroom tower suites to the 2 bedroom penthouse title. That was the room I was given and confirmed by a cleaning women. The room wasn't dirty just worn and musty smelling. I tipped the girl $100 and left her a note to deodorize the room or something. To her credit she left a note saying thank you and sprayed some coconut air stuff and left the spray. I left her $100 each of the next 4 nights. I went downstairs to complain about the room and they showed me a floor plan book and like a mirage it showed 2 full master baths. The manager walked away quickly and left the young girl to deal with me. I gave her a $20 and said don't worry about it. It was 2 years from my last stay at the mirage and this visit will be my last. I feel bad because I used to like the Mirage. It was quiet right in the middle of the strip. I enjoyed playing table games until 4am. Now they have the loud music and the place isn't very clean. They have started to cater to the young party people. Maybe its me. The casinos werent in this much debt when they catered to gamblers. Mirage was debt free when Wynn had it. Maybe the cash flow from liquor is harder to give the government a good count. Who knows. I just know Vegas is not the Vegas of a few years ago. What is. Oh by the way one of the party girls looked really hot in her bikini was throwing up in the pool causing it to close 21/2 hours early. If I was her parent I would be so proud. I also should give a shout out to all the other 20 young people cheering as she was throwing up in the pool. Good job Mirage bringing in the fun crowd.	
Aug 1 2009 	Fab!	I reserved an awesome rate directly through The Mirage at www.mirage.com and used promo code 35VOLCANO. We got a room overlooking the volcano and the Strip which made us pretty pleased as well :) We stayed in a regular King Bed Room and the bed was huge and uber comfy, the room was enormous, and there was a flat screen TV and iPod dock. The bathroom was kind of on the tiny side when considering the size of the rest of the room, but still was enough space for us. Everything was spotless and check-in and check-out went smoothly. We were helped right away both times (although no one really stands in line so I can imagine it could be a cluster when busy). There's a huge aquarium behind the check-in desk. Food in the casino was kind of pricey so we went across the street to Harrah's to eat (you can tell the difference between casinos though). The Mirage is located next to Caesar's and across the street from Harrah's. It's at the opposite end of the Strip from New York so if you have tickets to see something there, I recommend either staying there or getting a taxi. We saw Jubilee and were able to walk back and forth (Jubilee is at Bally's...about a 5 minute walk). We also walked down to the Bellagio to watch the fountains and the Mirage Volcano erupts every hour starting at 8 PM and ending at 11 or 12 (I can't remember which). It's in a good location and with some of the construction that's going on in Vegas right now, I would suggest staying here because there's a few casinos (like New York) that's kind of cut off from the rest of everything. There's also a concierge that can help you plan sight and day trips. I don't recommend this hotel for kids because there's a nude pool at here and everything's more geared for adults. Overall, good stay!!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Quite impressed!	My girlfriends &amp; I just stayed at The Mirage &amp; really enjoyed it! PROSClean, modern rooms. Really comfortable beds &amp; pillows (I think I might buy one of the pillows from their website!). Friendly, helpful staff. Great saltwater (I think) pool that felt great in that 100+ degree heat. Lots to see &amp; do, but not overwhelming (we got lost walking around Caesar's &amp; The Venetian!). PERFECT location. Really amazing volcano show at night.CONSCheck-in needs severe organization (They need to put up roped lines so people can't cut &amp; move to lines that are moving faster. VERY frustrating.). Pool was crowded &amp; people save chairs even when they're not using them. Housekeeping came every morning at 9am (although we told them to come back later b/c we were still in bed, &amp; they did)!VEGAS IN GENERALThis was my first time visiting, so here's what to expect if you're a &quot;Vegas virgin&quot; like I was:- Expensive food &amp; drinks almost everywhere...&amp; most of the food we ate was very average. Next time we might take a cab to dinner off the strip &amp; see if it's better - or at least cheaper!- Bring comfortable shoes b/c you will do a LOT of walking. Nothing is as close as it appears! - It was way more crowded than I expected. Lots of families - &amp; strollers! Leave the kids at home. Vegas is for adults!- Don't miss the Bellagio fountains! I could've stayed there for an hour. - The Mirage volcano show is truly amazing. Another &quot;don't miss!&quot;- SKIP THE TREASURE ISLAND SHOW! Incredibly boring &amp; massive amounts of people. When it was over, no one left because no one could move! Not worth it AT ALL. - If you don't know much about gambling, it's okay! Sit down at a table with friendly people &amp; they'll help you. Some dealers will, too. We had a blast making friends at blackjack tables! (And tip the dealer a few bucks/chips before you leave if you're winning...or as you're winning.)- PURE nightclub was SO FUN...if you can get in! We 3 girls got bracelets from a guy at the door &amp; walked right in (well, almost...just a 10 min. wait). It was a Tuesday night, though - they may not be so generous on weekends. Still, it was packed with fun people &amp; a great DJ! - If you're going during the week &amp; you want to go to a club or see a show, check on the &quot;dark&quot; days beforehand. The things you want to see might be closed on random weeknights!Overall, Vegas is hot, crowded, expensive...but if you let loose &amp; know what to expect you will have a FANTASTIC time! Can't wait to go back.	
Jul 31 2009 	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G	This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. I would go back in a flash if I could! I loved everything about it. I couldnt fault one thing! The rooms were amazing, the swimming pool was amazing, EVERYTHING is amazing. Please please please go and try it out!	
Jul 30 2009 	Cannot be beat	I found a deal online from Mirage that I could just not pass up. I had stayed at Mirage before they had renovated and always found it flawless, so I was quite interested in seeing the renovation. Before I even saw the room, I was impressed with the check in process. Arriving on a Monday, it was not particularly crowded, but I still had time to observe the check-in process for awhile and was quite impressed with each of the desk clerks, including Jackie from Pennsylvania who checked me in. I must say that my initial impression of the room was not particularly strong, as I remember a better general aesthetic in the rooms before renovation. The renovated rooms seemed to be a bit smaller and less decadent, but overall quite nice, and more importantly, the room was quite clean and quite comfortable. I was surprised to see the beds featured in the Mirage ads, but make no mistake, the beds are unbelievable and justifiable as an enticement. I am on quest right now to find, at least the pillows. The Mirage is just solid. It would always be my first choice, especially at an attractive price, which I believe is easier to offer after the rooms were streamlined a bit. Any potential flaws for me are barely worth mentioning. For example, on one of the four nights I was there, the ice machines on floors 11-16 stopped working for several hours. With 112 degree temperatures, they were clearly taxed beyond capacity. This would not be enough to deter me on my next visit. The Mirage rooms cannot be beat.	
Jul 29 2009 	Be aware! After all it's just a "Mirage"	To start off on a good note, 2 great things: Location &amp; the 'LOVE' show.But that's about where it stops.~ Hotel is way too crowded. ~ Have to walk through the casino to get to the elevators. ~ Horrible window view if you don't get a Strip view(highway and rooftop). ~ Asked for a king bed, instead got room with 2 queen beds.~ Clueless Staff~ Overpriced meals &amp; drinks. ~ Tiny bathroom with basic crappy soaps, shampoo and conditioner. ~ Impossible to regulate the water pressure in shower and ouch it hurt trying to take a relaxing and soothing warm shower.~ No bathrobes.~ No coffee maker.~ No refrigerator...And bunch of other things.It was a great waste of time and money.We will not recommend this place to any sane person out there....Be smart and stay away from this hell hole.. Go for it if you are okay with all the negatives! :)	
Jul 29 2009 	Great price great location great pool!	I just got back from my bachelor party in Las Vegas. This was my second time staying at The Mirage. The rooms look great, the pool scene was the highlight for my group. The main pool was fun but check out the Bare Pool, defiently worth the money. There is a nice selection of food options and if you would like to save a little cash there is a food court right across the street.	
Jul 28 2009 	WOW - we got UPGRADED!!	Having stayed here before, I knew the room would be comfy and clean....I just didn't realize how so!!! We checked in and got an upgrade (for the same $70 that we prepaid) to a gorgeous one-bedroom suite!! We were in shock for a few minutes upon arrival to the room. It had a double french entry door, a living room with two sofas, a dining room, a bar, a beautiful bedroom with a pop-up TV and an all marble bathroom with jacuzzi tub. The toilet room ( yes, a separate room) had a toilet and a bidet. But the best part was the wall of windows that overlooked the strip!!! I had to pinch myself for our good fortune. I guess they ran out of double rooms or something but we were quite pleased. Thanks Mirage!!! You know how to treat a customer right! Now, as far as the casino, well, I'm a Beatles fan so this place is great with the Beatles Love show and the Revolution lounge. The slots I was on were paying nicely (for me anyway) and we ate at the Carnegie Deli. They are a bit overpriced. For $12, my son got two pieces of white bread with about 9 pieces of bologna stuck in between - no chips or anything! We did eat at Cravings which I love. One of the best buffets around if you ask me. Lots of choices. The lobby is immaculate and the gardens are very nice. I would highly recommend the Mirage even if you don't get an upgrade. :)	
Jul 26 2009 	Great value location and clean property. Awesome pool.	Booked the room about 6 months ago with a great promotion. The whole week was $550 for a regular renovated room. When we arrived, I tried the infamous '$20 trick' at the front desk. It worked like a charm. Got upgraded to the 25th floor (highest floor for regular-non-suite-rooms) with a strip and pool view. They also left a bottle of bubbly in the room too. The room was recently renovated and modern. A large Flat Panel TV is in a perfect spot on the wall. The bathrooms in the high floors are larger than a standard room which is great. They also have a jacuzzi tub. (Try the $20 trick). Housekeeping kept the room clean for the week we where there...with only a few exceptions. One day...they forgot to leave us new soap and shampoo. Another day they forgot to leave us hand towels. There were housekeepers in the hall at all hours...so we just asked for them. Not a big deal.The A/C units are strange. We like COLD rooms. It almost looked like there is a motion sensor on the control. It was always warm when we returned...but cooled off once we were there for an hour or so.The pool is really nice. You have to get there early if you want a good spot. All waterfalls were working and the water was nice and cool. Note that the pool closes at 8 PM...I guess they want you to go in and eat and gamble. Oh...didn't make it to the 'Bare' pool, but could see it from our room. Didn't look like there were too many 'topless' guests. Kind of think it's a bit too gimmiky. Restaurants in Mirage:Cravings Buffet: Ate here for Sunday Brunch. The price without alcohol is about $20 per person. It was NOT worth the money. Most of the regular lunch items were replaced with cereal and oatmeal and eggs. I know...this is Brunch...but the overall quality of the offerings wasn't up to the 'upscale' food offerings that Vegas is pushing. The sweets section was a bit sad as well. Not many choices and it all tasted like it was pre-made and brought in. The service was SLLLLOOOW too...Even with a soda and a water...we often found our glasses empty with dirty plates on our table. BLT Burger: This is a new spot for the Mirage. It replaces the White Tiger exhibit at the entrance of the casino. With all they hype and previous reviews...I expected a great meal. It was busy so we sat at the bar. The bartender gave us menus and asked what we wanted to drink. TIP- Order WATER first! They have combos that include burger, fries and a shake or drink. This way...if you want a shake...you are not stuck with a soda or other drink you don't want. Also, the combos are only with the 'classic' burger. So if you want a bacon cheese burger...you'll have to order everything separately. For 2 burgers, 2 fries and 2 sodas...the bill came to over $40!! CRAZY! The fries were typical hotel fries. I bet they serve the same ones in the Mirage Cafe. The burger was 'good'...not really done to the 'medium' I ordered. The bun was not 'fresh'...or didn't seem special. The great part was that the lettuce &amp; tomato were cold...and the burger was hot. Also...the burger meat wasn't that special either. Not worth the $40 we spent.After those 2 restaurants...we decided to eat elsewhere. The good thing is that the Mirage is centrally located...so there is food options very close by. The casino is your typical Vegas casino. Everything you can image. The atrium is nice with a very tropical feel. The drink service in the casino was great...I think Mirage had the best drink service on the strip. It seemed like a girl was by every 10 minutes asking if we wanted a drink. While the slots seemed a bit tighter than other properties on the strip...we did have a good few days. But since slots are all luck...who knows. Didn't make it to their nightclub Jet...or Revolution. Kind of clubbed out....they all seem to be the same after a while. Why pay the cover and for the overpriced drinks?Would stay here again without a second thought...would just eat elsewhere.	
Jul 26 2009 	Crowded and hot	Just back from Las Vegas and have to say no complaints about the Mirage hotel except like all the other hotels, the food is all way overpriced. I have been to Las Vegas before and have never seen it this crowded, esp. considering it is the dead heat of summer! So crowded, you can barely walk up and down the strip; you spend all of your time dodging in and out among masses of people and can only really go at night as it is too hot during the day. Loved the pools at the Mirage; spent all day every day by the pools. You have to &quot;save&quot; your pool chairs though or you simply won't get any. We had to get down there before 9am or there weren't any 2 chairs left next to each other. Don't just leave your towels though or someone else will take them; we left a beach bag and books on our chairs so it was obvious someone was using them. There is a McDonalds across the street which we ended up at for most of our meals because it is so expensive to eat anywhere else! Walking up and down the strip takes forever and is not as simple as it looks; you can't always cross the street where you want; sometimes you have to go over walkways and around or through hotels to get where you want. It is a LOT of walking! The hotels look close together but you quickly learn it is a long walk between each one. There is a monorail but it doesn't go to every hotel and sometime you are still quite a distance away from where you want to go when you get off and it costs $5.00 per person one way. We thought this would be a fun and inexpensive getaway and instead it was quite expensive and not so much fun! I guess it is what you make of it though. I would recommend going when it is not so hot and maybe during a holiday when most people will be at home with family, like Thanksgiving or Christmas.	
Jul 26 2009 	Overall a Great Trip	My husband and I just came back from 4 days/3 nights at the Mirage. I have been to Vegas before, staying at MGM, Paris and Wynn. The Mirage is my #2 choice now after staying there (Wynn being the best).Our check-in was long, there weren't alot of people on the desk but we were lucky as we arrived around 11am and our room was ready right then. We asked for a strip view which we got BUT being on the 7th floor couldn't see a panoramic view of the strip, we could see some of the volcano though.Overall the hotel was excellent, yes there is a lot of walking but that's what you do in Vegas. Our room was good for us, we didn't spend much time in it; the bathroom was beautiful but again small, however it was perfect for us.We ate at BLT Burger, Cravings for breakfast and Stack - all were excellent but pricey. At Stack, like many other Mirage restaurants, ask for the Prix Fix menu (even if they don't give it to you when you sit). The portions are large and the price is more tolerable.The pool was beautiful, busy but it was also 100+ degrees. 32oz drinks there cost $16 so beware. Good thing - you can charge it all to your room.I would definately recommend the Mirage again and would most likely stay there - great location on the strip, good rooms and atmosphere. Also, don't miss LOVE!!	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location wonderful experience.	My fiancee and I chose Mirage as a quick Vegas getaway because of a great offer we found. First, we were VERY impressed with the room. The bed was SO comfortable. Down comforter and 4 oversized down pillows. We slept like babies.This hotel is located centrally on the strip, which was fantastic. It is not too fancy where an everyday person would feel stuffy. The pool is AMAZING, you have to get there early to get a chair though. It feels like you are on a tropical island. We were surpised by how many people were there. The casino was always bustling with people walking through. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 25 2009 	Pool Location 	My cousin and I booked two, two bedroon penthouse suites, for a Wednesday and Thursday night. His family of 8 in one, my family of 6 in another. The front desk gave us the run around a bit when we checked in. Check in was supposed to be at 3:00. We actually could have had suites at that time, but we held out for an hour and a half in order to get strip views. Be forewarned that if you are going for a specific view, it seems requesting when you make the reservation has no value. You will be assigned your view when you get there. We had a couple roll-aways brought up. The suite was very nice. They have not been refurbished like most of the rest of the hotel, but my wife and I prefer the older decor. It's more plush. The floor to ceiling windows were covered with a screen to advertise the &quot;Love&quot; show for the hotel and it obscured our view a bit and made it nearly impossible to take decent photos of the fabulous view. Our previous stay in Las Vegas was the Bellagio, also in a two bedroom suite. We decided on the mirage because of a savings of four to five-hundred dollars a night on very similar rooms. My daughter was looking up the star ratings for the various strip resorts, and came up with an interesting observation. None of the 5 star resorts have ads on their actual building, the strictly use their marquees. It's too bad Mirage is covering their best rooms with ad screens. No big deal. Our view was still great. 30th floor.The service overall was excellent. Both suites had air conditioning problems when arrived. A phone call brought up an engineer almost immediately. The same with requesting extra robes and roll away beds. Quick and friendly employees.Thursday morning, we rented a poolside cabana. We were early enough to pick pretty much any on we wanted. We really enjoyed spending the day there, very relaxing. The pool is one of the top pools in Vegas IMHO. Bellagio was too formal for my taste. I prefer a tropical type atmosphere. We ate both nights at the Cravings Buffet. It was fine. For this hotel, a good value. One of the perks of having a suite is front of the line passes. Everything we tried was good to excellent, as was the service. We didn't try any of the other places on property to eat.We don't gamble, but the casino seemed smokier that when I had been here in the past and the foot traffic going to and coming from the rooms to the front door, seems never-ending,The volcano is worthwhile checking out, but the best thing going on the strip is the fountains of Bellagio.	
Jul 25 2009 	Mirage billing beware	Please please check your account before checking out of the hotel. Long story short we were charged $620 in charges that we did not authorize. After the front desk would not assist, we did our own investigating. The hotel charged another guests bill's to our room. The other guest had my husbands same name and it was a &quot;mix up&quot;. A mix up they were not apologetic about in the least. Even though they did confirm it was their error.THE WORST was two days after we had checked out and been home they charged us AGAIN FOR $120!! After we checked out obviously they did not close our account properly and the same situation happened again. They were somewhat apologetic and comped us two nights. This was not acceptable compensation for a very large mistake they made.Please please if they offer to check you out without reciept DO NOT TAKE IT! Please carefully review your charges. We encountered numerous guests with our same issue. They have poor management and billing operations for this to happen not only once to us, but twice. Along with numerous other guests.My husband and I are very easy going and understand mistakes happen. If they would of properly dealt with the first charge and not let it happen again I would not be writing this review. But they let it happen twice and at the same time treated us like the common criminals. PLEASE STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!	
Jul 25 2009 	Maybe I expected too much	It was my second time in Las Vegas. The first time I was at Bill Gambling and was quite impress by the quality of the room. Some people told me that The Mirage was by far better than Bill Gambling. Because the rates was very low (almost the same that we had at Bill) I gave it a try. It didn't impress me. Check-in and check-out was very long. The room we had was smelly like it was an ex smoker room. Because I was there only for one night, I didn't ask for another room. It wasn't spotless, there was dust on the bathroom floor. I thought it would luxury because this was a deluxe room, but it is a really plain room. The decoration would need to be refresh for the standard of this hotel. The size of the room was not small not big, just regular and there was nothing special. For the rate we had, it was fair but I am please I haven't paid the regular price.The public area of the hotel itself is nice and we really appreciate LOVE and the Revolution bar. For the casino, I don't know I am not gambler and was there only for LOVE. The best thing of the hotel is the location. But there is amany other just beside.	
Jul 25 2009 	Mirage Penthouse Suite Room E-44	Spent two nights in a penthouse suite and won't stay in one again. The strip view from the top floors would have been wonderful if you could see through the black mesh and dirty windows. The Beatles Love advertisement that goes across the whole uppers floors makes an obstructed view from the suites. It was like looking through black sheers with really dirty windows. The mesh goes across all the windows from the ceiling to the floor. The thermostate in the livingroom would only blow out heat no airconditioning. Had the thermostate down to 55 and just kept blowing heat. Turned the fan off and it kept turning itself back on. The bedroom/bathroom area thermostate worked fine so just kept the doors closed and never used the other half of the suite. The toilet seat cover was broke and would slide back and forth. Some light bulbs were burned out.Stayed at the Mirage many times over the years and will stay again. In a regular room for about 1/4 the money. Anybody looking for a strip view room, be sure and ask if its below the meshing. The volcano view rooms are not worth the money either. Looking down on the volcano all you see is the mechanics and light fixtures. When the volcano goes off you see some coloring but the mechanics are still visable. The volcano has a much better view down on the street looking up at it.	
Jul 24 2009 	PROPERTY STOLEN - NOTHING DONE!! BE CAREFUL!!!	My spouse &amp; I travelled to Vegas for his birthday, this being the first time there for both of us. We stayed for 5 days at the Mirage and on our 4th day there, we had property stolen from our room. We went down to the pool at 3pm, returning to our room at 5pm. Upon return, my engagement ring, a ring I got from my father as a gift 10 yrs prior on my 18th bday, and all cash out of my wallet were gone. According to the hotel &quot;there was nothing they could do.&quot; Their Risk Management Department handles all security issues and they would take a few days to investigate. That was it. No compensation for anything, NOTHING THEY COULD DO. The 'Privacy Please' sign was on our door for our entire stay so no one should've been in the room other than us. USE CAUTION WHEN STAYING AT THIS RESORT AS THE HOTEL WILL DO NOTHING FOR YOU IF ANYTHING LIKE THIS HAPPENS!	
Jul 24 2009 	The Mirage	The Mirage was very nice. The sheets on the bed were the most uncomfortable sheet ever slept on, very rough sheets. Other than that no complaints, nice hotel.	
Jul 24 2009	Wedding in Vegas and Good Stay	We stayed in LV for our wedding with 10 friends. Check in was not the best. We flew in early Fri. was told they were too busy and could not upgrade our room even after we mentioned our wedding &amp; that we were having our wedding reception there. I was a little disappointed after reading reviews of others getting upgraded. Some of our friends did get the upgrade &amp; after seeing their rooms I was happy we didn't because standard is a little larger since the upgrade bathroom is so big. They were not able to put us all on one floor and I wasn't happy with the checkin girl either she didn't seem interested at all, but later that night the Mirage sent us a complimentary bottle of champagne so she redeemed herself. The room itself is amazing very modern decor just like the pictures.The only downside I would say is the walls are paper-thin and you can hear EVERYTHING! Our room was very clean and maid service was constently trying to get in &amp; clean so if you don't want to be disturbed by them you better put up that sign. I loved the Iron &amp; even used it to steam my dress! &amp; one of my friends bought the blowdryer where you can take The Mirage home downstairs. Started B/B party off at Rumbar, which is a great location w/reasonably priced drinks. Boys went to Jet for their bachelor party and got in for free &amp; walked right in which is great cuz who in LV lets boys in free? They had a blast! On Sat. the chlorine tank exploded &amp; the pool had to be evacuated so I was a little worried it would be down our whole trip, but they reopened the next day. It is great, but good luck finding a chair if you wonder down after 12:00. Girls don't worry about paying to get into Bare. If you are pretty and young they will let you in for free, but like everywhere the boys have to pay $40 to get in. We had our reception at Stack. The food is good, but DO NOT eat there the service is HORRIBLE, the worst I have ever had. The service is comparable to Dicks Last Resort. Everywhere else we ate was great. BLT Burger is really good but a little pricy. We also ate at Cal. Pizza Kitchen and got better service at both. The Mirage provided our wedding cake &amp; it was AMAZING. Thanks to Erin D. Just what I wanted and it was huge, but still Stack managed to tell us that they had no idea where it was. How you could lose a cake that big was beyond me, but they did. Everywhere else inside Mirage service was great! Stack is owned by The Lightgroup so Mirage is not responsible for them. We didn't finish all the cake so Mirage sent us a fridge to store it in and even sent us plates later so we could share with family and friends. Also got my wedding hair done at Kim Vo and they were also amazing. I have really long, thick hair &amp; my updo was done in under an hour. Overall it was a great trip besides our experience at Stack. The location is great for the strip, the casino is great, and the updates were a good change. Won pretty big &amp; Can't wait to go back. Love ya LV!!	
Jul 23 2009 	One of the TOP in Vegas	The style of this Hotel is very harmonic. We loved it. We were interested in all the hotels and not interested at all in gambling so we spent our 4 days in Las Vegas &quot;Hotel Hopping&quot; looking at the lobbies, at the different designs, furniture and arrangements. The Mirage is very nice, new rooms, elegant and modern design and is has a good value.We did not eat at any of the restaurants but we went to to &quot;Love&quot; show, from Cirque du Soleil, it was great !! We really have a wonderful memory.	
Jul 22 2009 	A complete disappointment - Too many other choices to spend your money here!	Room was below average and in need of updating. Staff was uninformed and not interested in accommodating guests. Management was no where to be found when needed.	
Jul 22 2009 	Fab!	Great hotel, it has it's own volcano! Centally located, loved it.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Experience - Pros and Cons	This will be short but it will include all you need to know.Great locationGreat RoomsGreat StaffBeatles love show was amazing and Im not even into the beatlesGreat pool areaThere was a problem with the pool one day but they comped me and my friends buffet passes, money off our rooms and a 100 dollar pool bar credit so that was very generousDidnt really like the casino that much, thought it was very small and boring looking but with the venetian right across the street I didnt really care.I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	As good as any 4-5 star hotel I've stayed in	Spent 3 days at the Mirage in June at the end of a Utah National Parks tour. We booked a room in the top two floors. The check in took only about 15 minutes at 4PM. The room was very high up and overlooked the pool, which we used almost immediately. It's a very nice pool and renting a float was well worth it. The King bed, and the large custom bathroom, as well as the spiffy fresh decor and the love seat, were all eccellent. Having 2 closets, one next to each side of the bed was a nice touch. There wasn't a price list for the minibar, and we asked the bellhop and he warned us it was pricey .. but we never got the menu so didn't use. We were never disturbed by noise (one of the reasons to select Tower Deluxe besides the private elevator and custom bath)The room rate, even with the upgrade, was, we thought, good value for money. The hotel is very nicely located (visited two other hotels we'd considered: the Venetian across the street, not impressed, and the Bellagio down the street .. quite impressed)We went to three restaurants; the Onda was fantastic, but only open the first of the three days. Japonais was so -so, but the California Pizza Kitchen and the poolside cafe was better than we expected. The pool bar was quite enjoyable, with better than average frozen drinks. Unfortunately on our last day there was a strong thunderstorm and all guests had to vacate the pool and bar .. pretty unusual for Las Vegas. The best part of our stay was the Cirque de Soleil &quot;Love&quot; .. got 3rd row tickets and it was worth it .. one of the best performances we've seen, and though the crowds in line looked formidable, all went smoothly.My favorable rating was, I'll admit, influenced by coming out a little ahead at blackjack. However, we were disappointed (not being LV regulars and coming from a fairly formal southern city) in the hordes of overweight t-shirted people coming and going throughout the ground floor. We were way overdressed (except for the Bellagio, which we visited and may return to)	
Jul 20 2009 	Good hotel with a great pool on the Strip	This hotel is located right in the middle of the Strip which was great for exploring all the attractions. The room was modern, clean and well-equipped. It had a large flat screen TV and even an iPod dock. The only downside of the room is that the bathroom was small. It has lots of amenities; casino, restaurants, bars, nightclub, a fantastic pool and a zoo. The only thing it was missing was shopping but The Forum Shop at Caesar's Palace and Fashion Show mall are nearby. My only complaint is that they didn't have any rooms with two beds left when we checked in except for smoking rooms.	
Jul 20 2009 	We Loved The Mirage	We just spent 4 nights at the Mirage last week and we loved it. Had a deluxe room with a king size bed. The room was newly decorated and very classy and huge. We ate at the Carnegie Deli and the Samba Restaurant and had the Brazilian BBQ and all was good. We originally booked the Mirage for the location, pool, and value and we were not disappointed. Spent each morning at the pool. We were down there early - around 8 to 8:30 and had plenty of seats to choose from. By 10 a.m. or so the chairs were difficult to come by, but I am a early riser so it wasn't a problem. Had a mai-tai by the pool in a souvenir glass and let's just say I was feeling no pain after that! We loved the central location of this hotel. I didn't really gamble too much at the Mirage, however, the slots were too tight and I had much better luck next door at Ceaser's Palace. Would recommend the Morage to anyone.	
Jul 20 2009 	Been there before and will be back again!	The first time my husband and I stayed at the Mirage was 13 years ago and we loved it as much now as we did then. We practically begged for an upgraded room-at least a room with a good view and we were unable to get one. They told us for and extra $50/day we could upgrade to a tower suite and we said sure but when we got to our room we realized it was DEFINATELY not worth it! So we stuck with our regualr room with a not so great view. The updated decor was very nice and as other reviewers have said the bed was super comfortable. The bathroom was a little small but there were plenty of drawers to store all our stuff. Bonus-the hairdryer was a nice one! I have always traveled with my own hair dryer but decided to try to pack light this time and was pleasantly surprised when I saw the nice tourmaline hairdryer!We had sunday brunch at cravings and it was great! All you can drink bloody mary's or champagne and lots of food. Very reasonably priced! We also ate at BLT which was very good but cost us $50 and we shared a burger! We also ate at Carnegie Deli where we had a ginormous sandwich that was so big people were taking pictures of! It also cost us $50 and we shared! It was very good though.The concierge was so friendly and helpful. They printed out our boarding passes for us and answered all our questions.Every dealer we met at the tables were so friendly! No attitudes at all! We didn't win but had fun talking with them!The Mirage is not as big and grand as some of the newer hotels but we like that. You don't have to walk a mile to your room and you are able to find your way around easily.Our favorite part of the Mirage is the pool! It is awesome! It is probably 3 times the size of many others. The waterfalls and palm trees make you feel like you're somewhere tropical not the middle of the strip in Vegas!Can't wait to go back, hopefully it will be less than 13 years from now!	
Jul 20 2009 	Pretty Dang Awsome	This is one nice hotel, from the moment you enter, everythings so decorated and nice, the volcano, the vallet parking, then you walk through the golden doors and straight ahead, you see a huge rock with plants and stuff, then the check-in, they have 2 HUGE saltwater aquariums back there. Then after check-in, it is a little confusing to get to the elevators but they are different by floor level. Then you have a 3 way splitting hallways when you get to your rooms, its so techno and modern, square lamps and see through tables, the view is amazing, i love it! Only downside is the casino ovbiously smells bad.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great value comfort amenities and location right on the Strip	Stayed for 5 nights with my extended family. We all loved the hotel. The rooms were comfortable size, the beds were amazingly comfortable. I was even more comfortable at the hotel, than on my Tempurpedic mattress at home. Nice modern furnishings and decor. Flat screen tv on the wall. No coffee or refrigerator in the basic room (does have minibar in rooms). The location makes it easy to walk over to Caesars, Venetian,the Palazzo, and (tram to)Treasure Island. The pool area was a beautiful oasis with lagoon styling, cooling waterfall, and lots of chairs. We did not go to the topless pool area. The restaurants were good, we enjoyed breakfast at the Paradise Cafe near the pool. The Cravings Buffet was great, go for the prime rib and crab legs; they had a great selection of everything, except the desserts. There were so many places to eat, both average priced and expensive, we never had to leave the hotel to find good food. The Dolphin and Garden Exhibit was pretty good, not great. The casino was great for gambling. Tables as low at $5-10 blackjack and craps, very clean, not too smoke filled, good cocktail service. I was able to buy all my souvenirs at a good price at the hotel gift store. I loved the spa, I just used it to work-out, sit in the hot tub, and shower, but I felt very comfortable there.I would highly recommend staying at the Mirage on your next trip to Vegas.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice Stay	My colleague and I stayed at the Mirage in mid-July while we were in Vegas for a conference. The pool view room we requested was not available when we checked in at 12:30am, so they gave us a small credit and we moved to a pool view room the next day. Both rooms were decorated nicely and the beds are unbelievably comfortable. I went right to sleep each night! The room was clean every day when we returned from our conference and the staff we encountered throughout our stay was polite and professional. A big thanks to Vincent at the Concierge desk who helped us with our tickets to see Mystere at TI. He was so patient! We attempted to go the fitness center, but there is a charge of $25 per day to use it (I guess you can use the spa also). We opted to walk down the Strip. Can you believe it's not very busy at 7:00am?We ate at Cravings, BLT Burger, and had coffee at the Roasted Bean and Starbucks. The prices are high at each eatery, but I think that's just Las Vegas. Food and drinks were good. We also ate at the dinner buffet at Treasure Island, Wasuzu at Encore, Bon Ami at Paris, and coffee spots at Caesars and the Venetian. We had tasty meals at all the restaurants mentioned. Since we were there for a conference, we did not have much time to gamble, so I cannot comment on the casino. The pool was beautiful! We didn't visit the pool until around 5 or so each day, so we didn't have to fight for a chair. I liked that this pool offers bits of shade since it's still hot (95 degrees at 5) in the late afternoon. Will be back some day!	
Jul 18 2009 	very nice hotel very good experience	so this was my first time to vegas and i arrived 3 days after my 21st birthday so i was very excited! we booked with the volcano offer and got an excellent rate. we arrived after our 11hour plane journey from london to a long check-in line which was not great as we were all knackered. after standing in line for about 30-40mins we got to the desk and was served by a friendly guy who promised us a nice room (after we asked very nicely!). we got to the room after a long trek through the casino with our luggage which i found quite amusing since i kept going the wrong way to the elevators! the room was very nice probably the biggest iv stayed in with 2 queen beds although the view was rubbish was at the back facing trump and what looked like air-conditioning units although wasnt that bothered as without a balcony the view doesnt really bother me. the bathroom wasn't as small as i had expected from the other reviews although the bath was awful the bottom was rough and uncomfortable. the hotel loby is pretty with a large fish tank running along it. the casino is nice but there are better on the strip and the waitresses were practically non-existant during the day where as at the bellagio the waitresses come over to you all the time. the hotel is spotless and has a very nice atmosphere with people of all ages! the pool is beautiful as long as you are down by 9ish you will easily find beds together in a nice spot but after that it will become more difficult after 10.30am you got no chance. the weekend was really quiet and didnt make a difference to the pool at all which i was suprised about. the hotel is in a good location across from the venetian and next door to ceasers and treasure island. there is a tram that runs to treasure island every 5mins but this was broken for 3 days of our trip which was an inconvenience as we had to carry our shopping from fashion show mall back in the heat.i would recommend this hotel for its location and the pool and the newly rennovated room are really nice, stay here if its your first time to vegas as although its a large hotel its not overwhelming like some and the location means it is easy to get everywhere. there are quite a few restaurants in the hotel, we ate at carneige deli the first night as we were so tired we didnt want to be walking around trying to find somewhere to eat the portions are so huge though you really should share. we also ate at california pizza kitchen as there was always a long queue we figured it would be good. it was ok our waiter wasnt great. i really enjoyed my stay here and would certaintly stay again!	
Jul 17 2009 	Nice room Lousy casino	We have stayed in most Strip hotels over the last few years and Mirage is one we won't be returning to. Navigating through the casino is horrendous, the floor plan is non-existant, it's just a hodge-podge. About half the table games were covered and just taking up room. There are no walkways at all.Also, all the eating establishments are way overpriced ($15 hamburgers!) there is no cafe or coffee shop for a quick, light snack.On a positive note the room was what you'd expect from a 4 star hotel. Roomy, very clean and comfortable. Housekeeping was quick and discreet. Bottom line? Sleep here, do your gambling and eating elsewhere.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fun stay	Stayed at The Mirage with my husband and 8 year old son. Had a great time. Had a one bedroom Penthouse suite. Our suite was very large and comfortable but was quite outdated, could really use a makeover. I got a really good deal and knew this beforehand so I didn't really care. Beautiful strip view from 4 huge floor to ceiling windows., massive bathroom and lovely large living and dining room. Great for travelling with a young one. Lots of restaurant choices within the hotel. Went to Kokomos, Carnegie Deli, and my fave was BLT burger with the deep fried dill pickles. Yum! The pool is beautiful there one of the best and the cabana we had rented was fab. All in all a great stay. P.S. Good central location as well.	
Jul 16 2009 	worst stay ever!!!!!	Where to start? im still here right now and id really like nothing better than to go home. Saved up for 6 months to stay here and its been the worst vacation ive ever had. first day waited 6 hours to get into my room because kept getting told there would be a room with a great strip view open soon. no prob id wait for it. finally got into the room and loved the view well worth the wait. Then started noticing all the things wrong...the window wouldnt stay open...the dresser was falling apart..th toilet paper roller in the bathroom was broken. well the next day the tv started having issues. we call to get it fixed and are told that someone will be right up. 2 hours later we try to find someone to fix it. The guy we found was older than dirt and rude as hell!! he made us feel like crap for making him do his job. well he couldnt fix any of the problems so they said they would move us to another room. we then have to wait 2 hours for another room to open with a supposed view of....the freaking freeway!!! 5 hours total wait for a freeway view!! another call to the front desk and yet another 3 hour wait to get a view of the pool. Fine whatever. So then tonight go to the soda machine and it malfunctions charges me 6 bucks and gives me nothing. whats their suggestion when i call the front desk? take it out of the mini bar and we wont charge you for it. oh thanks you wont charge me for the little 10oz soda i just paid 6 bucks for?  take my advice stay somewhere else where youll actually enjoy your vacation. i wish i had	
Jul 15 2009 	great room great location	teriffic location just on the strip, wonderful newly renovated huge room, beyond our expectations, however it's a pity the cleaning service was so so . the hotel lobby and casino worn out and outdated comparing to other hotels&amp;casinos, but when you enter your room you forget it.	
Jul 14 2009 	The worst stay ever!	I attendent a birthday party to celebrate a milestone and the person who was celebrating daughter was brutally attack by three older white women that was staying in the hotel.It was justified by saying they were drunk,this was a racial attack.I would never suggest this hotel to anyone of color if you dont want to be abused.I was told by risk management they we'rent responsible for any injuries that happen and that it was an altercation for the police to handle.Funny thing we rented the Penthouse for 4 days between the toliet pipes leaking,the shortage in the lighting you name it happen. We were told on the last day of our stay the problems in which i mention would be fixed on the day of our departure Wow! To spend that much money per night not even a basket of fruit was left in stead we got attitude from the front desk.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone of color you may get attack and told it's your problem.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Pool Location 	I can't say enough about how much the Mirage Hotel and Casino exceeded my expectations in every way, I am a Travel Agent, And i literally sell Las Vegas every day and have sold the mirage many times before, but did not realize what I was selling until now.....Unknowing i have been selling one of the best hotels in vegas, the Mirage has 24 restaurants/bars, 2 nightclubs jet/revolution, Love by cirque du soleil....I will continue to sell mirage and will reccommend it more now than ever!!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great hotel but a few irritations	Mirage was a great hotel and the desk clerk upgraded us to a tower room facing the pool when we asked. The pool is fabulous and the staff was extremely courteous and professional. That said, there were a couple of things that detracted from our stay there. First, the room was not cleaned after our first night there--the maid knocked at 8:00 a.m. and my wife asked them to come back a little later (maid didn't speak English so she probably didn't understand my wife's request). Second, we went to the BLT restaurant and were seated quickly-however it took about 15 minutes to get waited on. After realizing that a cheeseburger, fries and a milkshake combo would cost $19.00, we decided to leave. Proceeded across the street to McDonald's and got the same combo for about 5 bucks, plus the service was fast.	
Jul 13 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Mirage end of May this year, we were so happy with the choice we had made. The location of this hotel is just great right on the strip handy for all the other beautiful hotels Venetian,Bellagio etc. The Cravings Brunch Buffet was worth every penny good quality food and something to suit every taste. The room we had was on the 14th floor and overhearing many tourists in the lifts the higher the floor the better the view and the noise levels. The room was ultra modern with huge beautiful bed and plasma our housekeeper Bertha kept the room spotless with fresh linen and towels everyday. The only bad thing we have to say about hotel is the pool area whilst its beautiful monday to thursday you can get a bed albeit that your right ontop of the person sitting next to you at the weekend forget it, its like club 18-30 with booze hungry californian students putting very expensive cocktails on daddies credit cards !! be warned. Thats the only bad thing to say everything else is spot on and we will be going back. If you get the chance book to see LOVE its totally amazing!!!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	Very Tropical	I was extremely impressed with this hotel. All the waterfalls and tropical landscaping is very relaxing. I recently stayed in vegas for 9 days and spent 3 nights at this hotel and it was my favorite. The pool however not as big as MGM if they had that pool with the lazy river it would be better. I could not find a spot around 11:00 to sit. Get their early they open at 8:00. Many resturants to choose from but we did not eat there. I thought slots were pretty tight played about 20 different ones and couldn't hit anything but there are other choices of gambling across the street like casino royale it is run down but you can play for awhile. Casino royale also had frozen margarites for a dollar yum. It has a great location and the volcano that erupts nighty was awesome . I highly recommend this hotel for a relaxing vacation.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good Stay	Rates were low so I was able to finally stay at the Mirage. The room was outstanding. The bed was exactly as when I stayed at the Marriott Marquis in Atlanta - GREAT. Restaurants were excellent. The pool was the best I have experienced in Vegas. The tropical atmosphere was very pleasant. Staff was professional. Can I say More. It will be my Vegas hotel from now on.	
Jul 11 2009 	Found the oasis	Here is a picture of the room the next morning (I got in around 3AM Vegas time, so I was in no mood to take pictures of the room when it was clean.) Pretty nice room overall. Nice new HD TV and comfy beds. Bathroom was a little on the small side, especially for Vegas which typically has a larger than average hotel bathroom. The second picture is a view from my room (Rm #17128) of the pool area and the Rio casino in the distance.	
Jul 9 2009 	My best stay in Vegas	My husband and I stayed in the Mirage for 10 days in May and the hotel exceeded all my expectations from the minute we checked in. We were offered a free upgrade at check in to a Tower Suite room on the 24th floor, which was great, giving us a fabulous view of the strip. We also had an express elevator which only accessed the 24th &amp; 25th floors meaning that you never had to wait! The rooms were big (most are in Vegas are), very clean and had the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in. The rooms were really modern, bright with flatscreen tv and ipod dock. This was the first strip hotel that i've stayed in when in Vegas and my concern before i booked was that it would be to big and impersonal, however the Mirage seem to have everything well placed &amp; you didn't have to walk a mile to get from your room to the pool. And talking of the pool, it was amazing with waterfalls, loads of sun loungers (you do have to be early to get a good spot) and didn't feel that you were right in the middle of the strip. I will definitely be back for another visit!	
Jul 9 2009 	Mirage just right!	I stayed at the Mirage for 5 nights in June 2009. Arrived at the hotel around 9pm. checked in right away at the invited guest check in. Not busy, went right up to my room, which was petite suite on the 24th floor. The suite was large and very nice. One king bed but two bathrooms! One bathroom had a spa tub, the other just a shower. Also the room had a sofa, sitting chair, and a chair in the work area. Room had 2 large screen flat panel tv'.s With connection for MP3 or Ipod. Room also had mini bar and a small fridge which I used. I ate at the Cravings Buffet, was very good, as it always has been. Good selection, But not the best. I also ate at the Caribe Cafe, meal was good, but they need a larger variety on the menu. Ate at the BLT Burger again, had the TEX MEX burger, very good. But $13.00 for a hamburger is a bit much. Had one piece of pie at the Carnegie Deli. again very good, and large piece of pie, but expensive.I like the Mirage casino, good variety of slots and table games. Can be a bit dark at night and very crowded. Can be hard to walk around the casino when it is full of people. Did not see any shows this trip, but have seen &quot;Love'&quot; three times, Highly recommend if your a Beatles fan!! But everyone could enjoy.Mirage is a very nice place too stay. Much to do there. Easy to walk to Caesars Palace, Venetian, Harrahs. TI. Wynn and Fashion Show Mall. I have more photos of Mirage on my blog http://lasvegasfun.blogspot.com/ feel free to browse!	
Jul 8 2009 	Affordable For A Strip Hotel	HOTEL. Here on a whim to see Jason Mraz in concert, we didn't want to spend too much on a one night stay. The Mirage is perfect for what I would consider affordable luxury. It has great restaurants from Katz Deli to the Burger PIT. STAFF. Friendly and accommodating. ROOM. Decent size; slightly smaller than your usual Las Vegas hotel rooms. SHOWER. Small.LOCATION. Right across from the Venetian and on the Strip. ATTRACTION &amp; TIP(S). The Volcano show is a bust. Opt for others such as Bellagio's water show or Treasure Island's show.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great fun at the mirage!	Location is one of best on the strip! Went for a bachelor party and was perfect mix of party crowd and chilled out crew.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great hotel would stay here again.	I have been to Las Vegas 2 times before this trip, staying at the Riviera and Bally's. The Mirage blows both of these hotels out of the water. We booked a standard room at $100/night for 3 nights, but when we got there, with the help of a $20 tip, the friendly woman at the check in counter comp'd us a better room with a view (she tried to get us a suite, but didn't have any available). They also sent up complimentary champagne. The room was obviously newly renovated (we got the purple room), with a large foyer area, large desk with plugs for almost any device you can think of, flat screen TV, the alarm clock even doubled as an iPod stereo. The only negative thing I would say is that it appeared as though another guest had been in our room prior to us being there, as the soaps were out of place in the bathroom. Also, be aware that the minibar is weight sensitive, so even if you just pick something up, you'll be charged. Be sure to check the contents of the fridge when you first get there to make sure nothing is missing, as there were some missing items from ours, but we let the front desk know so we wouldn't be charged. The beds, comforters and pillows were incredibly comfortable! We used the wireless internet, which is about $12 for a 24 hour period. The wireless did go out on us, and we had to hard wire in to it which was inconvenient, as the lady at the front desk sold us on being able to use the internet anywhere in the hotel.We ate at the Caribe Cafe for breakfast two mornings in a row. The belgian waffles left something to be desired, as they were a bit boring and bland. The french toast, however, was delightful, and more than enough food for one person. The yogurt parfait was also really good! The decor of this restaurant is not the best, it looks like it hasn't been renovated since the 70's, but the food is decent, if not over priced.We also ate at the BLT Burger joint, which was a refreshing find, as it was a lot of food for a really reasonable price. We ordered off the kids' menu and it was more than enough food for me and my sister. The kids' chicken finger combo with fries was about $7. The burgers are HUGE, so come hungry!Regarding the casino, we did very little gambling at the Mirage. Although it's very nice, and classy (as far as Vegas casinos go), it also felt pretty stuffy and took itself too seriously for me and my sister. If you're a beginner gambler or just in it to have fun then I suggest going across the street to Harrah's. It's an older and more run down casino, but had more people there and had more of a welcoming vibe to non-high rollers. Although, to be fair, we had a lot of fun with our dealer at the $5 min texas holdem table at the Mirage.My sister and I did make it out to the pool, and there a plenty of chairs for everyone. However, all the prime location chairs are gone by mid day, so be prepared to sit in the sweltering sun if you get there late. But it's nothing that a dip in the nice cool pool can't fix.We also had a mani/pedi, facial and massage at the hotel's spa. It was heavenly! The place was very clean and looked newly renovated as well. We were greeted very warmly by the host, given shoes and a robe and our own locker. There are 4 hot tubs to choose from (2 warm and 2 cool water). There's a steam and sauna room (which we didn't go into). Private showers with all soaps provided, along with a big vanity room where you can do your makeup after. They provide hair driers, curling irons and hair product. The services were exactly what I expected... very relaxing. Even though it was a little overpriced I would recommend at least a massage, so you can take advantage of the other amenities of the spa. Also, stick around for the volcano show out front, it runs every hour until 12 midnight. It's pretty neat. It's obvious though that they're competing with the Bellagio's water show. Both are worth watching.Overall we had a very positive trip, and we both agree that we would stay at this hotel again next time we come.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great stay nice rooms and good location	Good location centrally on the strip and near all the other big casinos. Useful tram copnnecting to TI where we also stayed for 3 nights. The Beatles show was great, and well worth going ot (book online for 25% off). Rooms were big, clean and comfortable. Big TV's on the wall, nice bathrooms. Only slight issue was that doors into the corridoor seemed a little thin, and so you could often hear banging, talking and doors shutting. not a major problem though we didnt find.pool was nice and not too busy, main hotel casino area was nice as well. didnt really have much dealings with the staff, but check in was easy enough, and bell hop brought our bags up after we had left them with them for a few hours in the morning. would recommend staying here especially considering price is reasonable and it's still one of the &quot;main&quot; casinos on the strip	
Jul 6 2009 	affordable luxory and comfortable stay	This hotel was very nice. The rooms are newly remodeled with pillow top mattresses, wide screen HD tvs, ipod alarm clock, and modern decorating. The deluxe room was more than big enough for two people. The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating. Early check in is available at no extra cost. Hotel has many popular restaraunts. The pool is very nice, but very crowded... so get your beach chair early.!! DO NOT touch the minibar unless you are willing to pay for it all. The mini bar is weighted, so even if you just take something out of the minibar, it is automatically charged to your room. Hotel does not have free internet or a refrigerator. WI-fi is accessible for 12$ a day. I would definately stay at this hotel, it is on the center strip and perfect for casual vegas vacationers. BOOK AHEAD . DONT PAY FULL PRICE	
Jul 6 2009 	The Mirage pretty much has it all	My husband and I just returned home from a 3 night stay over the 4th of July holiday weekend at the Mirage. This is our second stay at the Mirage and our 4th trip to Vegas together so we have a rather decent feel for the Vegas experience. Our first stay at the Mirage was in a penthouse suite last June as part of a special offer my husband received, however this stay was my birthday gift surprise and I was excited to find out that we were returning to the Mirage. In our previous stays we've stayed at MGM and Paris (twice) and we both feel, especially after this latest trip, that the Mirage is the best of the 3 we've patroned.Since apparently I lose more money gambling at MGM Mirage properties than my husband does, our 3 night stay was comped under my Player's Club account. Not to say that this fact prevented me from applying the tried and true $20 sandwich routine for an upgrade, to which we were granted a higher floor tower room accessed by separate elevators. Our stay last year was in a not-yet renovated penthouse suite, so it was nice to see a newly renovated room with the flat screen HDTV, super comfortable bed and updated bathroom with separate tub and shower stall. Check-in was seamless and we were pleasantly surprised to be able to get checked-in when we arrived at about 11:45 in the morning.After unpacking, we headed down to the casino for some lunch (CPK), retrieving my $100 in promo chips and some gambling, of course. We really enjoy the casino in the Mirage and we've experience nearly all of the casinos on the strip and rate the Mirage's casino near the top. It does get crowded on the weekends, but that's to be expected and inescapable at any hotel. We ate 2 breakfasts at Cravings which has a great selection of pastries and I enjoy the omelet station. On the morning of the 4th, it appeared that the buffet was offering a special holiday brunch and was opening later so we opted to eat at Caribe Cafe. I ordered the blueberry pancakes which were okay, but they give you 4 dinner-plate-sized pancakes that honestly, 3 or 4 people could split. For dinners, we ate at a different restaurant each of the three nights, but our last night was dinner at Kokomo's in the hotel. This visit was our 4th dining experience there and it never disappoints. The food is excellent and the service is superb. I will say that in all of the 3 previous visits, we never had a flaw in our dinner, but this latest visit had a minor snafu that was rectified immediately in the form of free dessert and coffee. Certainly not a deal breaker in terms of future visits. I typically order the lobster bisque which comes with a puff pastry top. This soup is to die for and is absolutely the best lobster bisque I have ever had, however, I bucked tradition this year and passed it up for the coconut shrimp which was delicious as well. Our other two dinners were off the Mirage property, with one notable dinner at Hugo's Cellar which is in the basement of the 4 Queens in downtown Vegas. While I know this is a review of the Mirage hotel, I cannot pass up an opportunity to rave about Hugo's Cellar. This was our 2nd visit there after experiencing it for the first time last year. Impeccible service, fantastic food and every lady receives a red rose! When not enjoying delicious food off and on the Mirage property, our trip consisted of mainly gambling and shopping. The Forum Shops are a really quick walk from the Mirage, especially if you walk through the casino to the exit by BLT Burger. The Fashion Show Mall is another quick walk in the other direction by taking the tram from the Mirage to TI and walking through TI to a foot bridge over the street. The Mirage is a great location with great amenities that makes it seem like it has it all!	
Jul 6 2009 	Suites are Gorgeous!	Love to stay at the Mirage...unlike some of the other large casino hotels, everything at Mirage is easily accessible...don't have to walk forever to get to lobby, etc. Great shopping at Forum Shops and Fashion Show mall. Our suite was huge, and decorated in very tasteful contemporary design; perfect for our Girl's Getaway. The bed is the most comfortable I have every slept on (Sealy Posturepedic pillow top). Staff was great at accommodating our late check out request. Staff at hair salon do a fabulous job, and it is quite reasonably priced. Concierge got us great seats at &quot;O&quot; at Bellagio. We had a wonderful time, and will definitely return.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great stay at the Mirage	First time staying at the Mirage, room was real clean, great location. Staff was friendly and helpful. Sorry did not take any pictures but no complaints. If you want a great sandwich at the deli do recommend it for sure. Buffet was unreal pricey but delicious.As far as the rest of Vegas goes all depends on what you make of it, every time I go I am making plans for next my next trip there. I hear lots of people saying how pricey Vegas is, for water, drinks and food ect. there are so many deals out there so do you homework before you go. I would stay here again no question just want to check out the other hotels just to do so. We went last weekend of Nov seemed to be a bit of slow time for Vegas and not a lot of huge lines ect. compared to the busy months.	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent stay will definitely return again	Spent three nights at the Mirage. Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice, spatious well designed rooms (unfortunately view on the backside of the hote). A bit crowdy around the pool area, but no real complaints whatsoever. Very good price/quality.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great stay at the Mirage!	My wife and I stayed at the Mirage from June 7-12. We decided to go and booked just two weeks before our trip and we were not disappointed. Overall we had a great vacation, my first time in Vegas and my spouse's first since childhood. Staying at the Mirage was a highlight, the location was terrific right on the strip, and the hotel met all our expectations.Check-in: The cab driver at the airport gave us an option to take the strip to the hotel or the freeway, and even after reading on the forum that the strip route was cheaper, we decided on the freeway because we had a take off time of 5:30 AM and were eager to get the hotel as quick as possible. The freeway route proved to be good because that takes you to the side entrance and right to the check-in area. Being Vegas newbies the front entrance might have been a little overwhelming because of how busy it is and how tired we were from an early flight. We arrived a 12:00 noon, walked right up to the desk and were checked in quickly. Our room was ready for us that early, and the friendly and helpful receptionist told us about the room, how to get there, and about how the bar fridge works. Smooth check in.Room: We loved the room instantly, room 20061, large bed, sitting area, clean bathroom, big flat screen t.v., and a decent view out the back of the hotel. We started our days early and used the room mid day for relaxing and recharging for the evening. It was mostly quiet and was a great place for a break. I have commented on hallway noise in other reviews, this hotel was better than most.Housekeeping: The room was done promptly and efficiently each day usually in the morning, no complaints. Restaurants/ Room service: We ate at Cravings twice, BLT burger, Carnegie Delicatessen, and had coffee and snacks at the Roasted Bean every morning. We had to leave Stack because the stereo was too loud.Cravings was great, lots of buffet options and constant refills of sparkling wine was a nice afternoon treat.BLT burger was also good, good service great burgers and an extensive beer list.We didn't like the Carnegie Delicatessen, only tried it once so there may have been better choices on the Menu.The Roasted Bean has great coffee and pastries, the line-ups were long but move fast. If we got there before 8:30 there were short line-ups.We ordered room service once, it came quick and was hot and was presented well.Other: The lush and tropical ambiance of the hotel made for a relaxing atmosphere despite the noise of the casino and the constant foot traffic throughout. The volcano is a must see. All the waterfalls were working. The pool was big and not too crowded. The Cirque -Love Show was awesome. The hotel's location on the strip is excellent, you walk outside and you are right in the action of the strip. The Gift shop is well stocked and reasonably priced. The Secret Garden is O.k.Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Mirage, I would recommend this resort highly. Vegas was a blast for us, Freemont street and touring other hotels was a gas. We like to stay at different places however we will probably stay at the Mirage again when we return to Vegas. My first five star review.	
Jul 4 2009 	Beauty 	I stayed at the Mirage from June 24 - 29 and had a beautiful experience. I booked maybe 3 weeks before and got a great deal on the room with about 25% the regular rate and a couple hotel credits. This was my first time in Vegas with one friend, going to visit my two brothers who live out there. We enjoyed every moment at the Mirage with it's Tropical Theme and lush waterfalls. First off, We had a speedy checkout minus one error that was cleared up quickly. The only problem I had was that walk to the elevators. You have to walk thru the casino and all that awful cigar and cigarette smoke before you reach the elevators. then when you get to your floor its another long walk depending on how far your room is. We asked for a high room with pool view. The room was very clean, spacious and includes its on AC thermostat and IPOD dock, the bathroom isnt small, at least not for two college students who just came to party &amp; shop. The TV is really nice, the beds very comfy, like a big dreamy cloud, sooooo comfy! (Check our pics). All the staff were helpful and went above and beyond to help us and even to wish us a great day. One in particular, Claudia, became a new friend when I caught the flu out there (bummer!), she provided us with towels and daily tips for getting better. The hallways were cold as winter though, and the ice machine was very far for us since we were almost at the end of the hall. We basically checked the whole hotel, the buffet is really disgusting, no lies about that, luckily we had a food credit. Dont waste ur money there unless you like dry, unseasoned food. The BLT Burger place was delicious and had superb service. But if the hotel food is'nt ur choice, there is plenty within walking distance. The casino was good except for alot of people just hogging 2 or 3 machines at once, ridiculous! The pool is magical. All of the waterfalls were working every day we were there but you have to get up early to get a seat. The lifeguards told us people are lined up at 8am sharp for seats so I guess you just have to use your discretion on time. Be aware that if you leave your seat, people will move your stuff and take your seat, Trust me, it happened to us. Other than that, the pools were very nice, big and clean, especially the whirlpool :o)...We didnt really like the Bare pool, kinda cocky atmosphere. The hotel gives alot of free passes to the clubs so we got one 2 bare. Drinks there are really yummy. the whole topless thing was pretty pointless to me, there were just older people showing off there boobies and young people dancing to rap music they had no idea about, seats are only by reserve so we sat at the bar mostly. The clubs in the hotel (jet &amp; revolution) are realllyyyyyy nice. Jet is really strong on security which is cool, and the crowd is staright out of MTV spring break. Drinks are strong and if your a lady you can get 2 free drinks from the hotel. Revolution is a bit more mature and there were alot of b-boy dancing, but still nice music. The Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat gets a B- simply because it could use more. It really is beautfiul and very interesting but would pull more towards families with children not two 21 year olds. We literrally walked thru it under 20 mins and left, if not from a hotel credit, we wouldve passed it up. It could use an additional section as an improvement. The hotel itself is a bit of a walk from places like the bellagio and NY NY, which in 100 and something degree weather, seemed to be unbearable, but it is close to the fashion show mall and ceasars forum shops and all that lovely stuff, which I found to be very convienent. Oh and if your trying to get over to treasure island or the walkways take the free convienent Tram, it runs like a gem. Also the Volcano was another wonderful sight to see at night. Checkout was successful and only one minute. Overall, if your looking for cleanliness, beauty and a stress-free stay...Go to the Mirage! :o)	
Jul 3 2009 	Had a Great Time in Vegas BUT..............	Please be aware of the free day trip to Laughlin. The Mirage was an awesome hotel and we had a great time. But we were offered the bus tour with our vacation and it was terrible. The bus tour took us to the Hoover Dam which was very nice but after that it dropped us off in Laughlin(the country compared to Vegas) and we had to stay there for 6 hours. Now this was the most depressing place ever. The casions are terrible and so is the free meal that they offer you. This trip makes the statement you get what you pay for so true. I highly do not recommend this trip to anyone. Just stay put in Vegas!!	
Jul 2 2009	greatvegastrip	Just got back from three nights in Vegas and had a great time, as usual. I'll hit a few hightlights and give some recomendationsI stayed at the Mirage for the second time since January and think I'll make this place my regular hotel. The renovations has gottten rid of most of the South Seas detail and replaced it with a sleek and modern look. More adult than Planet Hollywood, more suble than theHotel, and not as overhelming as Wynn or Encore. Just great., They were still working on the elevatores, and a few detials from the original remanin, looking just a bit tacky, but overall very nice, The rooms, especially the Tower Dexlu, are a terrific bargainSaw Peepshow and Planet Hollywood. You must see this. It's the best topleess show on the strip. All the sex appeal of Crazy Horse Paris, with the production value of Cirque. I hear both Mel B. and Kelly Monaco have left, but it they have'nt changed anything else you should go!.Ate at Mesa Grill at Caesars. Had a three course price fix, and it was wonderful.All in all, a great trip.	
Jul 1 2009 	Would go back tomorrow!	We arrived at midnight on a Saturday and the lobby was heaving with tartily dressed ladies, so after travelling for 20 hours it all seemed a bit scary. But check-in was quick and our room on the 17th floor was a short walk from the lift and had a bit of a strip view (we could see across the road), so we were happy enough. And the bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Even thinking about it now makes me feel sleepy :)The room was big , the bathroom was lovely and the only small issue we had was the gap at the bottom of the door seemed to let all the noise from the hallway in at night, so bring earplugs if you're a light sleeper like me!The location was good - the Mirage is in the heart of everything and most of the other casinos are only a short walk away. The bus is cheap and you can get a day ticket for $7 or a 3 day ticket for $15, but you can only buy the 3 day passes at the ticket machines. We got a few day passes which were handy for touring the far ends of the strip and for heading to Fremont street. You can also use the pass to get to the Outlet Malls.Eateries - the buffet was very nice, we had breakfast and dinner there a few times. The California pizza place was also very nice. The burger place was OK but nothing special. We tried the Carnegie Deli for breakfast and while there was nothing wrong with it we weren't inspired to go back. And there's always Starbucks if you need a quick caffeine fix.Pool - we only took a quick walk around the pool but weren't in the mood for lying out in the sun. it looks very nice thoughSecret garden - It's $15 to get in, the garden is very small, the animals don't seem to have much room and they all were sleeping when we were there. And the poor daddy dolphin looked a bit sad as he'd been separated from the mummy and baby dolphin so he just sat at the gate between the 2 pools the whole time we were there :(Casino: Not one of the nicest Casinos on the strip. It has a bit of a 70's feel to it but you can spend your money just the same.Overall i would say this is a great hotel and we would be happy to stay at the Mirage again.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great staff good location beautiful property!	A bit of background: my wife and I were on a bit of a budget but we decided to spring for a nicer hotel and cut some costs where we could.Check in was fast at about 11:30 AM on Friday, absolutely no issue with early check in. Scored a nice 19th floor Tower Deluxe room with volcano view with a bit of a tip (might have gotten it without a tip, who knows, but it pays to be both friendly and gracious with tips in this town). Yes it is a bit of a hike to the very end of the wings but I'm sure you can get a room closer to elevators if requested.Atrium area between front reception desk and casino / guest rooms is very nice. I must say that we explored some of the other Vegas hotels and the entire Mirage property had the best landscaping and vegetation that we saw. Very tropical feel. Our room was spotless and well appointed. Left a tip for housekeeping after the first night and we had great cleaning, bed making, and plenty of soap/shampoo/whatever and towels for the rest of our 3 nights. I will add that the housekeeping staff we encountered during the day in the hallways were always very welcoming and vocally greeted us every time we passed. Privacy sign on door was always respected. Didn't seem to have any problems with hallway noise (but we were at the very end). Water pressure was just fine (seen people complain about that).Room mini-fridge was well stocked if you're into paying $4 for a 10 oz soda. Good for emergencies but we didn't use anything in it. No room for personal items in the refrigerator, though. No in room coffee maker either. Just a tip: we brought a small collapsible cooler and used it to keep some beer/sodas/yogurts/vodka and such for our few days. Works out well and packs easily in the luggage ;)There is a coffee shop with pastries on the way to the pool. Good stuff there, reasonable prices, but very long lines. The people working there were not slow, it just seems like the place should have been twice as big with twice as may people working. Right across the street is an Outback Steakhouse, Denny's, McDonald's, a few other cheaper food places. Honestly we really appreciated the Denny's on Sunday morning when all our stomachs could tolerate was oatmeal and a fruit cup and we didn't have to pay for the whole Mirage buffet for just that :)We found the pool area VERY nice. The pool itself is very large, as is the whole pool area. YES, it gets crowded early on the weekends. Don't count on finding consecutive lounge chairs for you and your 10 friends in the afternoon. But we still snagged 2 chairs semi-shaded at 10am both Saturday and Sunday. You can tell there's jerks who come down at 8, put a towel on chairs and go back to their rooms, but pool attendants seem pretty good at clearing those away for guests actually present. We brought drinks for ourselves but popped for a couple frozen drinks from the roaming servers which were excellent. They asked me to open the backpack I brought to make sure I wasn't bringing glass bottles in which is understandable. There is a good variety of music at the pool which isn't obscenely loud. The private cabanas looked very nice and would be a good deal if you had a bunch of people to split the cost. Ate at BLT Burger and it was one of the better burgers I've had. Lots of unique burger recipes to try. Very good charbroiled taste. Upon initial inspection I thought the burger might have been a little small but it turned out to be VERY filling. Your mileage may vary depending on how much you like to eat at one sitting. Sort of expensive but you can see the menu online and decide for yourself.Had the buffet brunch and I felt like I got my money's worth, both in quantity and quality. Lots of variety.Free admission to both Evolution and Jet seemed easy to come across whether you were a hotel guest or not as there were people handing out passes at resort entrances. Didn't go ourselves. Just not club fans ourselves even though we're young. Just a tip that you shouldn't really have to pay for admission if you want to go. Overall very satisfied with our stay!Thanks to everyone else for all the reviews which helped us make our decision to stay at the Mirage in the first place!Quick reviews not associated with the Mirage:Cirque du Solei show Ka: Absolutely amazing. The stage itself is the real star of this show. If you go, peek over the edge afterwards and you can see some of the mechanics which bring the show to life. However, its a little more of a theatrical event rather than O or Mystere so there's less traditional circus elements.Craftsteak at MGM Grand: We got the tasting menu and wine pairings (see the MGM website), and it was fantastic and a fairly good deal for the nicer restaurants in Vegas. People at adjoining tables looked jealously at our food and they probably paid half again as much as we did.	
Jun 30 2009 	Best resort and casino in Vegas!	I have been to Las Vegas at least 10 times and have stayed at the Mirage numerous times. It has become my favorite place to stay. I love the updates that they have made to the rooms. Very clean and comfortable. Great restaurants especially stacks! I have never had a bad experience here. I plan to come back to the Mirage again this year. Why go anywhere else!	
Jun 28 2009 	Another great stay at the Mirage.	My family and I stayed at the Mirage after previously staying at the Palazzo. This is our second time staying at the Mirage.   We stayed on the 17th floor (southwing) and one of the elevators was being repaired, but the longest we waited for the elevator was 3 mins. Housekeeping personnel (young /mid 30’s Spanish speaking lady) was very polite, very honest (my daughter on the 3rd day left her expensive rings on the bathroom counter and it was still there when we got back) and keep our room clean. We tip her ($$) everyday to show our appreciation for her goodness and hard work. The Pools waterfalls are working fine and the Volcano eruption is great. Last time (7-08) we were there, the Volcano was being repaired. Overall the Mirage is a very good place to stay, it’s very centrally located and reasonably priced.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Rate and Refurbished Rooms	Third time at the Mirage didn't disappoint! Stayed three nights and got a great rate which they advertised as their 20-yr anniversary promotion: $97 on a Saturday night with the other two nights each at $75. Chose this hotel for the pool, central-strip location, and the refurbished rooms which make the hotel feel new again. Cool colors, very comfortable bed, and picture-perfect flat-screen TV. Comparable to Mandalay Bay but not as fancy as TheHotel. Only complaints on the room were low water pressure on the shower and weak signal on wireless internet which was overpriced at $14.95. Also in-room safe was very small. Could fit laptop but not much else. Friendly staff at check-in, concierge, and bell desk. Player's Club rep was nice enough to give us two free passes to the Cravings buffet even though we didn't play that much in the Mirage casino. Ate at several Mirage restaurants: Caribe Cafe for breakfast, Cravings for lunch, and BLT Burger for a late-night dinner. Caribe Cafe has huge breakfast portions, great for sharing. BLT Burger is AWESOME. Best burgers, fries, milkshakes. We ate at plenty of gourmet restaurants on this trip but none compared to the toasted marshmallow shake at BLT Burger. We've always liked Cravings but it isn't holding up as well compared to Spice Market and the Wynn buffet. Worth noting that this hotel has a good cross mix of both formal and casual restaurants, including Starbucks and California Pizza Kitchen. Thought I would play in the Mirage casino more, but I dislike the continuous-shuffle blackjack as it's a house cheat. Almost as bad as only paying 6:5 vs 3:2 on Blackjack. Avoid them. Went to Wynn/Encore which offered great promotion to join their Red player's club. We walked away with $40 free play, t-shirts, hats, and 2 free VIP passes to the Wynn Buffet, best on the strip! Mirage has a great location within easy walk (in the heat) to TI, Venetian, Caesars, Wynn, Encore, and Fashion Show Mall. Have stayed in 7 different hotels on the strip and would definitely stay at the Mirage again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Coughing engine	I stayed two nights in Encore and three nights in Mirage. Previously I have stayed in The Hotel and Bellagio. Out of these four Mirage is obviously targeted more to “the masses” and bearing this is mind the “factory” works surprisingly smoothly. As long as you do not have any requests – however small. It is then that the machine starts to cough.Here are some “highlights”:- on the day of arrival at 12:30 pm Check in was fast. I made a kind request to have a room facing the pool area. “Certainly sir” was to friendly response from the girl at check-in. Long walk through the casino floor to elevators. And I mean long and through the extremely crowded casino floor. Two out of the six elevators serving the lowest floors were out of order. Long walk from the elevator to the room. The room was surprisingly nice except for the few “issues” that I will come back later on. When I opened the curtains the reality struck right on my face. The room was facing the casino roof with some howling air-conditioning equipment right in front of the windows. I went down to the reception to ask if it anyway was possible change the room – even for money. The response was automatic “I’m so sorry but we are fully booked”. Later this proved to be a lie. I asked if there was anything they or I could do. I was directed to talk to “the manager”. He eventually was as if it were the most difficult job on this planet to find another room. But the room would only become available after 3 pm. I asked if I could possibly get a pool facing room. “Certainly sir” was the friendly response again. When I came back at 4.30 pm I was given a room on the 22nd floor. And again, facing the casino roof, the highway and more importantly the railway tracks. I did not bother to continue the struggle.- at night somewhere between midnight and 4 am, each and every nightA long train rattles by whistling. Then a second one and a third… the noise from the highway and railway can be clearly heard even on the 22nd floor. I can barely imagine what it would be like on lower floors.- At poolThe pool is nice with two waterfalls. It’s however shallow and far too small for a hotel of this size. On busy days you’d need to arrive early to find a spot. And by saying early I mean before 8 am (in summer it opens at 8am). At 8.40 am it was already so full that it was difficult to find deck chairs that were not reserved. People get down the pool at 8 to reserve chairs and then leave. After having observed for an hour some “reserved” chairs I had the towels removed. At the entrance it clearly says no reservations. The highly advertised Bare pool lounge: music played very loud, nearly empty maybe because of the high cost. A few adolescent peeping toms. - At parking garage on the second night @9pmI arrived back to the hotel. Found a free parking place surprisingly easy. As I opened the car door and was getting out of car I saw someone approaching shouting that I have stolen his parking space. I did not see him even having a car. As I turned around the person tried to kick me – missing me just by an inch and hitting the side of the car. I went quickly back into the car. The car received second and a third kick. I drove quickly away and called 911 since this guy started following me - first by running and then with his friends’ car which was parked somewhere further away from the elevators. Police arrived. Couldn’t do a thing. End of story.- And finally some words about the roomWhen they remodeled the rooms they could have gotten rid of the odd headboard. It shouts 70’s and not in positive way. Bed is excellent – even better than that in Encore where I stayed for two nights during this trip to Vegas. Bathroom is very small. No TV to toilet like in Encore (if anyone needs a TV in there). However they could have changed the fittings with the renovation.Walls appear to be paper thin as you can hear everything from the corridor and the floor above you.You are possibly not here to watch TV but the choice of channels is limited and bit odd. Some news channels, the Weather channel and many advertisement channels featuring Mirage and other MGM Mirage properties. - And finallyAs the City Center has risen to its hights all else on Las Vegas Strip seems to have dwarfed. The once massive Bellagio sign looks miniscule with the City Center in the background. Eiffel tower at Paris and Bellagio appear to be “normal” sized. And not to mention the lion in front of MGM – it merely a kitten.	
Jun 24 2009	Tropical Closer then a trip to the islands.	Stayed 6/10 - 6/13, 2009 This was my daughter's and my first time to stay at the Mirage.Liked the tropical feel of the hotel. Saw the Terry Fator show and loved it. Terry is very talented, great comedian, and awesome singer. My 40 yr old daughter didn't want to go to the show, but afterward said, &quot;I am glad I went . He was very funny.&quot; Only draw back having to go straight through the casino to get to guest elevator. Always had to have hotel map or got lost.	
Jun 24 2009 	Love the Mirage	My husband and I got married in Las Vegas back in October and decided to stay at The Mirage-- I am really glad we did. The Mirage isn't really a 'themed' hotel which is nice, and it is def. an upscale but affordable hotel. I feel like this hotel is great if you want something nice but can't afford the more expensive ones like Bellagio, Wynn, or Venetian.Everything was nice and clean, upscale, along with a nice lobby with a giant aquarium behind check in. There is a zoo and a dolphin habitat which we went to and saw a baby dolphin--so cute! Rooms are average size and remodeled and clean. Everything looks new and fresh with a modern twist.Also the location is wonderful--strip access is good, you just walk down 1/2 block to get to the street and then you are right across from The Venetian, next to Ceasars and Treasure Island. If you want to eat cheap there is a Mcdonalds, Panda Express and Chipote across the street.	
Jun 24 2009 	Wonderful Birthday celebration in Vegas	My husband &amp; I traveled to Las Vegas with 3 other couples to celebrate my birthday.Our flight landed at 9;00 am and we were afraid that we would not be able to check into our rooms. That was not the case, we all got our rooms including 1 couple that was upgraded to a suite.We were also on the waiting list for a cabana but because our friends were upgraded they were given priority and we were able to rent one for the day. It was in the shade but offered plenty of sun for those who wanted to tan. It had water misters, ceiling fan, flat screen TV (guys could watch golf), fridge stocked with water,soda, cheese platter, fruit platter &amp; assorted otther goodies. The wait staff was wonderful as well. We were able to order drinks &amp; food &amp; they brought it right to us.The cabana rental is well worth the $$ if you are with a group. The pool is really big &amp; they have thousands of chairs but it is packed! The chance of us getting 8 chairs together was really slim. Their is music playing &amp; alot going on, probably not a real good place for children :)Our rooms were very nice as well. Very clean &amp; nicely updated. It had a nice closet with in room safe &amp; iron/board. Flat screen TV, iPod dock and plenty room to unpack if you chose to do so. Our room was decorated better than our friends that had the suite. (they must not have gotten to the suites for renovations yet). We had a great view of the pool &amp; part of the strip.We ate at the California Pizza Kitchen, BLT Burger &amp; Japonais....they all were very good.We were pleasantly surprised that the casino was not as smoky as it has been in the past. Most people were playing table games, very few at the slots!We had dinner at Delmonico (Venetian) one night &amp; were very disappointed and saw &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio. The acrobatics &amp; water illusions were fantastic but was alittle &quot;out there&quot; for us.Had a great time at Coyote Ugly (NewYork NewYork), good music &amp; great energy.The guys golfed at Royal Links &amp; had a great time.	
Jun 24 2009 	Magical Mirage.	On arrival we were informed that we had been upgraded to another room.Wow what a room and a bottle of champers for inconveniance....no inconvenience for me.Anyway although a huge hotel and a very very busy one we had a great time.We gambled a little and drank a little and used the buffet and the California pizza as our food places.Centrally located its easy to get around so would have no hesitation in using this hotel again or to recommend to others.Pool was also second to none.	
Jun 24 2009	Comfortable but large but aren't most of them?	My daughter and I found the Mirage nice and comfortable but because we were there over Memorial Day weekend they couldn't upgrade us when we checked in. Didn't take us long to check in, quite a hike from the desk to the elevators and rooms. Had to change rooms after first nite because of a leak to the next floor down from our bathroom which was fine but they didn't suggest to upgrade then either. Overall though it was a good stay and quiet all the time we were in the room. If you like being close to everything on the strip, good place to stay, right in the thick of things.	
Jun 23 2009 	Pretty nice place with a few problems	Spent 3 night at the Mirage in Vegas. check in was a breeze. I was not ready however for the walk thru the smoke infested casino. glad to see they check your room key before letting you on the elevators. The room was extremely nice and very clean bed comfortable, but OH MY GOD the door slaming at all hours of the night was a huge huge problem seems to me they could have put some sort of device on the door to stop this.And just when are they going to make the casinos no smoking I feel very sorry for the people who work there People bring there babies there what are they thinking..Loved Bette Midler!!!!!!!!	
Jun 22 2009 	You Better Hope Nothing Breaks In Your Room	Check-in was nice and quick. Room was OK. Went to use the bathroom in our room and the hot water faucet would not shut off. Called housekeeping and was told they would send someone right up. Left room for several hours and came back - hot water still running. Called front desk and was told they would send someone right up. Waited a while then left for dinner, came back a couple of hours later - hot water still running. By this time it was approximately 8:00 p.m. and we were tired from a long day. Called the front desk again to complain and they said they would send someone up. We told them not to send anyone up that night because we it had been a long day and we wanted to relax, we had already called twice and that we were just going to close the bathroom door. Guess what? After having told them not to send anyone up here comes a knock on the door at 9:30 p.m. to fix the faucet. The water had been running for approximately 8 hours. On a good note, the pool is really nice.	
Jun 22 2009 	Perfect stay for first time in Vegas	My now husband and I travelled to Las Vegas to get married in May 2009. I had read a number of reviews on trip advisor and had some concerns about staying at the Mirage but I need not have worried as it was fabulous! We arrived to be greeted by a lovely man who took our bags for us and said to call when we were in our rooms and our luggage would be delivered. I was a little apprehensive leaving our luggage with him as my wedding dress was in one of the cases and we joked with him about this, he assured me not to worry. On entering the hotel I was in awe of the beauty of the lobby and for finally arriving here. Check in was smooth and no longer than I would have expected as we had a few rooms to get sorted as family and friends were with us. My husband and I were staying in one of the suites and it was amazing. Just fabulous. We called for our luggage and it was brought up within about 10 mins, no problems at all. Also asked for some extra hangers and they were brought up promptly too. Everything in the room was in good working order and we had no complaints. Housekeeping were excellent and I never saw them which to be honest is how I think it should be. The room was cleaned every day and even on the days when we didnt maybe leave the room till before lunchtime. All the restaurants that we sampled were lovely and we tried most of them. The buffet is a little expensive at the weekend but there is alot of food and a good selection but Im not sure we ate enough to get our moneys worth, if you have a big appetite its definately worth it. The majority of staff we encountered were friendly and we enjoyed gambling in the casino as most of the croupiers were a laugh. Drinks could be slow at times which was a little annoying but I noticed it seemed to be like this more during the day. We didnt win big but think thats fair to say of all casinos really. The pool was lovely, although the waterfall wasnt working during our stay and we were there for 12 days but it really is a nice area to sunbathe and soak up the sun. We ordered room service on our wedding day and it was a little pricey but was delivered on time and the food was excellent. We ordered it the night before to ensure we got it when we wanted. My only complaint about our stay at the Mirage was the elevators. Only 3 were working the majority of our stay so we had to wait a while sometimes to get up to our room but to be honest it didnt ruin the holiday and it was only a minor hassle when coming and going but you are out and about that much anyway. We went to see the beatles Love show and I would highly recommend it. Was amazing and the theatre is set up so that even if you dont buy an expensive seat you will still get a good view which was good! Really just amazing though, definate must see! The wee tram to TI is great too and we used it alot as the restaurants in there were good too. The volcano is a must see too and is really impressive...the heat that comes from it is intense and adds to the moment!! Would highly recommend the Mirage as its location on the strip is perfect and it really is a lovely hotel. Despite all the other hotels we visited I still felt the Mirage had something and it really is a great place to stay.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Stay At Mirage	We stayed at MGM Signature last year and were worried that the Mirage would not be as good but we had no need to worry we thought the Mirage was better! Our room was on 25th floor and fantastic views of the strip and Mirage pool. Room spacious, modern and clean. Room cleaned daily and no issues. We were impressed with the variety of restuarants in the hotel and ate in several. You must try the pizza's in California Pizza Kitchen. BLT burger was also very good. The prices for food and drink were about average in comparision to other strip hotels. Check out process very smooth and staff friendly. Location of hotel was ideal definately the best part of the strip. We will not hesitate to book this hotel again if we return next year, well worth a visit.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great stay at the Mirage	I had a great time during my 4 night stay. Checking in and out was fast and easy. I never had a wait for the elevators and my room was clean, comfortable and quiet. The light bulb was burned out in the closet, so I let the housekeeping staff know and it was promptly replaced.The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful. The dealers and floor supervisors were fun and made you feel welcome (I spent most of my gaming time here), and I had great service during a late night meal at Carnegie deli. The pool area was very nice, and despite being very hot and busy, there were plenty of lounge chairs available. I didn't check out Bare (the adult pool area), the dolphin area or any other restaurants in the hotel, so can't comment on them, but overall I found this hotel to be fun, full of activity, and plenty to see and do. I would difinitely stay at the Mirage on my next trip. It is conveniently located and totally met my needs.	
Jun 18 2009 	Beautiful gardens lovely breakfast..."	My first experience of a &quot;Strip&quot; hotel and I was pleased. First impressions are good as the gardens around the hotel (and its volcano) are beautiful and so extensive. The location is good, there's a free tram to the Treasure Island and it's only a short walk to the Las Vegas monorail system.  Check in was fast and friendly. In fact all the staff that we encountered during our two days there were fine - polite and efficient. The room was good value all considered; the hotel is undertaking improvements, our room had not yet been improved, but it was OK. Two large beds, a very large modern TV and a satisfactory bathroom. No problems with cleanliness. Our deal included a $50 credit in the Cravings buffet and we were both very pleased with the service and the selection of food there. In fact we liked it so much we called in again a week later, even though we were by now staying in a different hotel. I have marked the Mirage as &quot;Very Good&quot; although just &quot;Good&quot; be more accurate, but Tripadvisor does not offer that option: only &quot;Average&quot; or &quot;Very good&quot;. The Mirage is value for money (on a weekday) and even if you're not staying at the hotel, the gardens and the buffet are well worth a visit.	
Jun 18 2009 	Mirage - Good-bye to a once great hotel	Arrival - My wife and I just came back from our Las Vegas trip 06/12-06/15 and we stayed in the Penthouse Suite at the Mirage hotel. My wife and I always stayed at the Mirage hotel since we had VIP status at the hotel and always received excellent service. I wish that was true for this trip. I booked the Penthouse Suite a month in advance and requested a volcano view. When we arrived at the hotel, we noticed that there were no people checking into the hotel which is not a good sign. In all the years I've been to the Mirage, I had never seen the lobby empty at the Mirage. I went to the Guest Check-in window and the gentleman checking us in gave us a room in the back of the hotel overlooking the highway. I politely asked for the front of the hotel and he acted like he could care less and said there were no Penthouse Suites available in the front. He suggested that I check back in a day or two. What? I said never mind and took the Penthouse Suite E-50. Elevators - Still working on the elevators but they are working.Room - Penthouse Suites are nice but very old and worn. We had light bulbs burned out in the entertainment center and we were missing complimentary robes and slippers. I know this sounds petty but this neglect did not happen when Steve Wynn owned the hotel. I would also like to mention that the entire weekend we were on our floor we only saw 1 couple on the floor. The entire E floor was silent day and night and it felt like we had the entire floor to ourselves. Kind of amazing since the check-in clerk told us that all the Penthouse Suites in the front were taken. I would have expected to hear or see some people on the E floor. Hmmmm!Craving Buffet - I think the name implies to crave a buffet somewhere else. My wife and I never had a buffet this bad in all the years we ate in Las Vegas. The selection of food was very limited and the food was terrible. They also had the wrong signage at the stations so you had no idea what your were looking at. The only good item we liked was the Gelato ice cream for dessert. Yummy! They had the nerve to charge $25.00 per person for this awful food. Never again!Slot Machines - Did they turn Las Vegas into a penny and nickel arcade? I could not believe all of the penny and nickel slot machines on the floor. All of the slot machines we played (.01, .05, .25, $1.00) were tight. Are the casinos trying to keep gamblers away? Why play a penny machine with 300 credits when you can play the dollar machine and receive a better payout?Show (Terry Fator) - I have to admit that Terry Fator is awesome and put on an excellent show. I was a little hesitant to pay the high ticket prices for a guy with puppets but he does have a live 7 piece band on stage as part of his show. We sat in row GG seats 5 &amp; 6 which is the 7th row center of stage. Excellent seats! In my opinion, Terry Fator is worth the ticket price because he is a ventriloquist, comedian, and impressionist and he puts on a great show.Check-out - We checked out of the Mirage hotel and the lady asked me how was my stay at the hotel. I informed her of the issues and she definitely agreed on the Craving Buffet She said the original buffet was excellent and she hears a lot of complaints on the new buffet and I agreed. As for my other issues, she acted like she could care less. Conclusion - My wife and I decided that this was our last time we will stay at the Mirage. The Mirage used to have excellent service and always did their best to please their guests but now the employees morale is very low and the neglect is showing at the hotel. Our future stays will be either at Wynn/Encore, Venetian, and Palazzo hotels.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Time in Las Vegas and at the Mirage	Loved this city and the Enormous hotel the Mirage.Full service pack with all services incluided.Although it has a rare style and deco, the rooms were ok to stay a few days.We really didn´t use the rooms at all.The casino just great, shows every night , cocktails and loved the restaurants around.We should have stayed one more week. Nevertheless we ran out of money.... :((	
Jun 16 2009 	One of the best Casinos on the strip	We stayed here with couple of friends and we had a penthouse. The room was comfy and full of amenities. I would service was superb and I kept winning so that made the overall trip a little better :)	
Jun 15 2009 	Do Not Fear the Mirage	We stayed at the Mirage from Monday June 8th until Thursday June 11th, 2009. I had been monitoring Tripadvisor for weeks prior to our visit and was a little concerned about staying there as some reviewers were unkind, to say the least. However, we found the hotel to be very nice. We arrived at 11am and walked right up to the check in counter. There was no one else checking in. We could have gotten into a room right then but opted to wait for a room on a higher floor with at view of the Strip. We were told the room might not be set until 3pm but when we checked back after lunch at 12:30pm it was ready. The location is great. All the rooms (except the suites) are remodeled. The bathrooms are small but no smaller then your average hotel room. A $5 daily tip to the housekeeping staff insured plenty of clean towels, toiletries, and prompt daily cleanings. The hotel is dated (it is 20 years old) but very clean. The pools are cold however it is usually around 100 degrees in Vegas so cold is good. The waterfalls were working. That 'sour' smell of the pool others have noted is not a sour smell, it is salt. The mirage pools are saltwater based. As far as 'debries' in the pool it is worth noteing that the pool area is very tropical. There are lots of palm and other trees, some of which were flowering and dropping little yellow flowers on the pool deck. I would not count flowers as debries. The staff was friendly and helpful. Drinks are expensive at the pool but they are large. I do not consider $18 to $22 for a 32 oz alcoholic drink (and you keep the glass) a bad deal. You only really need one. Get to the pool early (before 10am) if you want a good seat. Anytime of day there were seats available they just may not be easy to find.The Stack restaurant is very good. Ask for the prix fixe menu. At $29 per person it is a great deal and the food was excellent. BLT Burger is also good. The Combo included a burger, fries, and a milkshake for $19 and the portions were just right. All and all I would recommend the Mirage and would stay there again.	
Jun 15 2009 	All you could ask for	Checked in at 2 pm with no wait at all. Room with view of pool and good partial view of the strip. Room had been updated and was very nice. Most comfortable bed ever. Every staff member we encountered went above and beyond and always with a smile. A little something for everyone here with oustanding pool area, Secret Garden attraction, spa/salon/shopping and Volcano to view later in the evening, free tram to T/I for Pirate show and close to anything else on the strip. Buffet was good and all areas were spotless. Good place for 1st time visit to Vegas.	
Jun 15 2009 	Fantastic	My wife and I stayed in a one bedroom suite from June 7-10 and I must say that we throughly enjoyed everything about our stay. Our room was terrific with a great view of the entire pool area including the dolphin pools. There are plenty of places to eat, drink and just relax. We loved the lobby and casino areas, as they were always lively and fun. The pool area is one of the best I've experienced, as you fee as though you are in a tropical enviroment. There are plenty of seats, but it may be difficult to find one after 11am.	
Jun 15 2009 	Wonderful stay at the Marage	Our first time visit to Las Vegas and after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor reserved a room at the Mirage from 5 - 8 June to celebrate our anniversay. No problems with checking in and the room, located on the 24th floor of the Tower, was very nice. We were near the end of the hall so there was very little hallway noise. Everything was in good working order and the bed was very comfortable. Bathroom size was decent and not as small as other reviewers have made it out to be. Our view overlooked the pool and the south Vegas strip. Perhaps the best asset of this property is the location...in the middle of the strip and close to everything.We only ate at the Carnegie Deli so I can't offer any reviews/advice of the other property restaurants.Staff and Houskeeping was friendly and courteous. We asked for and received extra towels and pillows almost immediately after making the call.The pool was very nice but extremely busy and we never did find a lounge. Since we didn't get there until 2:00 on Sunday afternoon I couldn't blame the motel.Overall I was very happy with our stay at the Mirage and would stay there again when we return.	
Jun 15 2009 	Fantastic Room	We checked in on the 6th of June. No drama at all. We had about 40 people in front of us spread out over 6 or so staff and we were to the front of the line in about 10 minutes. Offered the $20 sandwich and got an upgrade to a Tower Deluxe room. We mentioned our wedding at check in and recieved a complimentary bottle of champagne in our room a few hours after we checked in.Great view of the pool and some of the strip.Bathroom was large enough for the 2 of us to spread our gear all over the counter.The bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept in. Room was very clean. Housekeeping was good every day. Despite what others have said our room was vaccuumed everyday and wasn't home to a large amount of dust.We were right down the end of the hallway and while you have a decent walk to the elevators it is pretty nice to not have people constantly walking past your door. You do hear some noise from the hallways so a room closer to the elevator might be annoying.All the staff we came across were pleasant and helpful. We thought that at about $80 per night the room was great value. The location is great.We didn't think much of the Casino but we really aren't casino people and we didn't gamble a lot.The pool was great. We never lined up to get a lounge but found that we did have to search a bit to find 2 in the shade when we went down. Sunday was really busy by the pool and the weekdays were also busy but not so much early in the morning. Someone mentioned a foul stench near the pool and i did experience this for about 5 minutes one afternoon that we were there. I am sure it had nothing to do nwith the pool as it was very much a garbage smell and was probably due to a change of wind direction.All in all we had a great stay at The Mirage and would confidently recommend it to others	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Trip	We stayed for 7 nights starting May 28th. We have stayed at several poroperties in Vegas and found the Mirage to be great! The only real complaint is how small the bathroom was!!! Rooms were beautiful, great view of the volcano and strip. Pool is incredible and we had no trouble finding a place to sit. BLT and canigie deli were absolutley great food! I would recomend for anyone to stay here!	
Jun 13 2009 	It was good enough	Stayed at the Mirage from Sunday 07jun09-Thursday 11jun09. There were 3 women in the room and we never felt cramped. Check in was fast as there were only a couple of people in line. It’s a little disorienting when you arrive and have to walk your luggage through the casino. Next time I visit I will be prepared for this. A casino is hard enough to navigate without your luggage. We did arrive at 2300 though so it's prime casino time. Our room was the 2nd to last room in one of the hallways. It took like 3 solid minutes of walking to get there. I took a photo from the start of the hall and had one of the girls stand at our door and you can’t see her in the picture lol We didn’t have to worry about the calories too much with all of the walking. The room was clean and a fair size. The bathroom I didn’t find too small, just that the door is too close to the toilet. The mini fridge will charge you for anything if you take it out even if it’s just to look at it. They have sensors in them. The hotel is very pretty on the outside. There is so much foliage that it’s kind of a tropical setting in a concrete jungle (pls excuse the cliché but it’s true :) If we hadn't already unpacked I would have asked to switch to a closer room. The maids come early so put your sign out if you don't want to be woken before 0900. They knock on the door and if you don't answer, they come in. If they see you sleeping they will say sorry and leave. They did a good job everyday.At night you had to show your card to get into the elevator section which was nice for security.We ate at the Mirage buffet for lunch – they had a great salad bar where an attendant makes and mixes your salad – it was so good, they had an Asian part which wasn’t so good – it was North American fast food, A sushi section I didn’t try, Some bad Mexican, some bad Italian, a middle eastern section, Fresh Prime Rib and fixings, picnic salads, cracked crab legs and shrimp, plus dessert with a Gelato Bar. We also had dinner here and it was mostly the same. Again, had a great salad! There was always something to choose but it wasn’t very good. The only bad part was when some pitas at the Middle Eastern section were moldy. I informed a staff member from the kitchen and he picked out the pieces rather than take the whole basket away. Lunch was just under $20pp and dinner was just under $30 pp without tipBLT Burger. It was so good. The portions are huge and neither of us finished anything. I would recommend spending the extra $3.00 and splitting it. I got a burger with blue cheese and sautéed onions with lattice fries and a lunch box milkshake (vanilla ice-cream, peanut butter and grape jelly – a little sweet, but so good!). My friend got a burger with cheese and bacon, onion rings and a Nut Job milkshake (it tasted like a Ferrero Rocher). We drank a ¼ of the milkshake, most of the burger without the bun and about 3 onion rings and 3 fries each. We were so full. We could have split it and been satisfied. The combos are about $21 pp plus $1.50 for added toppings. The Milkshakes took a little while to come out because they take a while to make, but the food was fast. Our bill was $46 for 2 without tip.Chipotle's, Chinese and McDonald's are right across the street and in O'Shea's across the street are Burger King, some pizza place and Subway for cheap eats.The Mirage Casino: We spent most nights at the Mirage. Drink service is pretty good there. There were only a couple of times through the stay where we waited for a while. Mostly they were awesome. The casino is also really easy to navigate after 1 night and we had a lot of fun during our visit. The Revolution Lounge is pretty cool looking but we didn’t go there to drink because we were 10 feet away drinking for free while we gambled. Stupidly we also didn’t learn till our last night that there is a club through the doorway in Revolution lounge. We thought it was only a lounge. Had we have learned this earlier we would have gone in. We also didn’t go to Jet or RumBar. I would have liked to visit a couple night clubs but the other girls didn’t show any interest. They went to stay at the pool all day and gamble all night.Mirage Pool: The girls with the kids were so excited to relax at the pool without hearing “Mom” every minute. This is the first time that either has spent more than a night away from their children. They went to the pool every morning for hours. They would wake up at 0800 and sit there till 1300. I went the first day for 2 hours and didn’t go back. I love pools but I’ve never been to Vegas and I wanted to spend as much time as I could exploring. Next time I’m in Vegas I will spend more time at the pool because you have all night to walk around. None of us liked the pool. It’s large and pretty but they cram you in there! The chairs were touching on both sides. You couldn’t fit anything between them and there were 10-15 chairs in a row. The only place to move the chairs would be into an aisle which would interrupt everyone else. I mentioned in another post that prisons would offer more room between their chairs. You had to show a room key everyday and they always had fresh towels and were very friendly. The cocktail waitresses made their rounds often. The two girls ordered Miami Vice’s one day. The waitress said they come with about 5 shots each in a keepsake glass for $18 each. Vegas cocktail prices at the pool. They only had the one but said it was super yummy. We didn’t go into Bare so can’t review it. The pool area had people of all shapes, sizes and ages. There weren't a lot of children there.The Mirage has a game by the buffet called “Native Spirit”. It has a tower with bonuses and makes loon and other animal noises. It was pretty fun and I won some money on my last night and then my last day. I won about $80 each time. Most likely what I had previously lost! I only mostly played penny slots but full lines and sometimes multiplied. So it can add up to $1.80 a pull. Overall I am glad I stayed at the Mirage. I liked the size of the property, the rooms, the bed, the casino, BLT Burger and the location. I didn't care for the pool or find the staff very friendly. Again, they weren't rude, just not welcoming. I would stay again for a good price but go somewhere else if I could. I'd like to try Planet Hollywood because I liked the Vibe. It would be a good hotel for people 21-40 without kids.I did have a problem with my room key not working. It would take 6-12 times before it worked. I got the card replaced and it still did it. The other girls tried my card and had the same problem but their cards were fine. Don't give up after 3 tried and go all the way to the front desk; I would try about 15 times first.	
Jun 12 2009 	Mirage was fantastic!!	I'd have to agree with most of the reviews on this site- my stay at the Mirage was close to perfect! The person who had trouble with checkin due to a computer glitch wasn't lying. That did happen, luckily we were already checked in and relaxing at Bare pool and enjoying drinks. Robert, our pool boy, was on top of our every need and was very attentive. The cocktail waitresses could have hustled a little faster, but it wasn't the end of the world. Both pools are great. The other is much more family friendly if you catch my drift- and huge!! The location of the hotel on the strip was perfect. Our room was beautifully decorated and had a great view from the 22nd floor. Any of the staff we we came in contact with were helpful and friendly. I can't say enough how great our stay was. Recommend it to all!	
Jun 11 2009 	Excellent hotel I can still remember the pleasant experience! :)	This is a great hotel. The room is clean, and the bed was fantastic. I loved the view from my window, and the night's sleep was just amazing. Definitely recommended! :)	
Jun 11 2009 	A total disaster	We arrived at the Mirage at 1,30pm on Monday 8th of June and were told that their computer system was down, and that we could not check in, but they took our cell phone nember and said they would call us when the system came up..so we went for lunch. At the poolside restaurant the server told us that we could only order if we paid cash ...because of the computer problem. An hour later we went back to the lobby and found it full of people, and their luggage...and were told that the system was still down. That it was down for all 10 hotels of the Mirage group,but that it would be up &quot;soon&quot;......at 3.30pm we returned once more, to find the situation now even worse. There were hundreds of people lined up. No one was telling anyone what was going on and it was only by asking other customers, in the lines, that we gathered that they were checking people in manually..and each check was taking about 20 minutes while they phoned the CC companies, filled in paperwork, and then sent someone to make a key &quot;in the back&quot;. So we got in line. One and a half hours later, at 5.00pm we were just behind one couple at the desk....when things got MUCH worse. Again, no information from any management, but we gathered that the system had come up, but now they had to enter every handwritten transaction before they dealt with the next customer. By now there must have been more than 500 people in the lobby and although I saw one person passing out tiny bottles of water, there was no manager keeping people informed. An hour later, we finally made it to the counter, and had our key within 5 minutes. No apologies. No offers of compensation. Nothing to nobody. It was thoroughly disgusting. I asked for an explanation and was told i would have to &quot;call the management&quot;I have never, ever had such an appalling experience, even in the remotest parts of the world.I will never go to that hotel again, nor to any one of the MGM group of hotels.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very Disappointed !	This was our 1st visit to Vegas and we were not at all impressed with the Mirage. Upon check-in the clerk said she upgraded our room. I think it was a downgrade the room was very dated and old, but the view of the strip was nice... I've had better rooms at Comfort Suite!! I will never stay at this hotel again and I don’t recommend to anyone…	
Jun 10 2009 	Second choice	After an eight night stay in Las Vegas and staying at 4 different Hotels on the strip, I'd have to give the Mirage second choice of the four. Mandalay Bay would be number one, Paris number 3 and Excalibur number four. The room seemed a bit smaller than most I've stayed in on the strip, maybe it was just the layout ? But it was well appointed in a modern style, comfortable and clean. Requested extra pillows and housekeeping was quick to respond with them. The BRIGHT orange neck roll on the bed , though purely decorative was literally falling apart...if you want things to look nice then make sure they do, if it needs replaced or repaired then do it. That being the only complaint and all considered it was an enjoyable stay. The buffet was a totally different matter and a separate review.	
Jun 9 2009 	Mirage good bye to an old friend	I've stayed at the Mirage off and on ever since they first opened 20 yrs ago and always loved it. Last stay there was Sept 2007. I know the rooms have been refurbished since I was last there and the new furnishings were fine. However, When I walked in the door to my room, all I could think of was early Holiday Inn. I am one who does spend some time in the room, this one was not welcoming at all.There was nothing wrong with the room and it was very clean. I just feel that overall the Mirage has slowly slipped in the past couple of years. It just is not what it used to be. Maybe it is because there are so many other properties on the strip that are nicer, I don't know. But, I do know that I almost felt like I was in a dungeon or cheap hotel while staying there this time. It's sad, because until now I always loved the Mirage. Now I think I'd call it a nice average hotel, good value for money sort of place.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great place but showing its age.	We stayed here in October 2008 (sorry this is so late). The room: Check-in took quite awhile, but it seems to always take a long time no matter what hotel you go to in LV. Our room wasn't ready so we were given a room credit of $25.00 and told to come back in an hour. We went to Carnegie Deli and charged it to the room. We stayed in the penthouse suite for four nights. The room was beautiful, but it really irks me that the Mirage doesn't offer a coffee maker in their rooms, not even the penthouse suite. My sister surprised me with a little coffee maker one day which mde life a lot easier. The TV was stuck in the &quot;up&quot; position. The TV is housed in a cabinet at the end of the bed and is out of sight. When you turn it on, the TV comes up out of the cabinet. Ours wouldn't go down into the cabinet. No big deal, but if you're paying that much for a room you want things to work. Also, it was an old tube TV. This is the penthouse! Where's the flat screen?? Housekeeping was very nice and friendly.Food: Buffet was great. Food was fresh and there was a good variety. Carnegie Deli was good, huge portions, but servers are not friendly at all. I felt like a number. BLT Buger was AWESOME! Delicious burgers! Casino: It's a casino just like any other.It was a nice place to stay, but the private access floors are defintely in need of an update. I would stay again...after they renovate.	
Jun 7 2009 	I was very happy with our stay at the Mirage	We received an incredible rate of $65 &amp; $84 per night by using the SmarterVegas.com website, and we got the 35Volcano rate. This was by far the cheapest rate I found, and I spoke with some other guests who were pretty floored when they found out what I had paid.We arrived four hours before check-in, and were immediately given a room with a pool view. The rooms were very spacious and updated, and I really liked the bed linens, which I'm picky about. I liked the fact that we didn't have to walk what felt like a half mile to get to the strip from our room, it was a quick walk accross the casino to get to the strip or the pool from the elevator, unlike MGM or Caesar's. The pool was beautiful and uncrowded on Wednesday, but by Friday it was nearly impossible to find a chair after 10:00 AM, much less two together. The pool staff is very good about removing towels from chairs that are clearly unoccupied or &quot;reserved&quot; by others. I simply asked a pool staff member to help me find a chair, and they were very gracious.I checked out the Bare pool because a promoter gave me a free &quot;ladies admission&quot; pass while I was hanging out in the casino. It was a very cool set-up, it was small, crowded with great music and a lot of good looking people enjoying cabanas, dancing and drinking. There were only a couple of people enjoying the European bathing. You could reserve a lounger with a $50 minimum bar tab, which isn't hard to do at $15 a drink (which were very good). The staff at Bare was friendly and fun, and I think it would be a great atmosphere for a bachelorette party.The Mirage location on the Strip was great, as it wasn't a far walk from Fashion Show and lots of inexpensive places to eat. The only thing I would say, is that we had some very rowdy neighbors who had a party IN THE HALLWAY at 2:30 AM, and I called the front desk to have them ask them to move it into their room, and it took about 20 minutes for them to have security respond.Overall, I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 7 2009 	Fantastic Hotel couldn't have asked for more!	I stayed at the Mirage for 8 nights starting on 5th May 2009, both of us are in our 20's and hadn't stayed at this hotel before. The hotel is absolutely huge and has an amazing swimming pool, which can get a little busy at the weekends, but it didn't bother us at all. It was great seeing everyone in the pool drinking their beers and relaxing. The pool is a huge lagoon style pool and has lots of sun beds, but as usual people start to line up before the pool has opened just to get the best beds, but i suppose this happens in most places. The only thing about the pool that was dissapointing was the fact that the waterfall was broken, apart from that i loved being around the pool. One tip though....take your own drinks as it was very expensive (to us anyway), 7.5 dollars for a bottle of bud.The rooms were amazing, 32 inch TV and very funky decor and the bed was huge!!! we had a pool view which was nice too, but we didn't really spend that much time in there. I had read reviews about the bathrooms being small but we didn't think they were that small!!The staff were very friendly and it was easy to find your way around the hotel, again the only downside to this hotel was the price of the drinks and the food. You can find things alot cheaper but it all depends on your budget, we ate out at other hotels mainly.The cravings buffett was well worth the money, i think it was 18 dollars per head for breakfast and you could eat and drink as much as you like and there was everything you could imagine and more...well worth a visit..or two!!The hotel is probably smack bang in the middle of the strip so getting around was very easy. The duce bus stop is right outside and will take you up and down the strip, including Fremont street for 24 hours for only 7 dollars each....this is a must if your feet get a bit sore...Tip make sure you have the right change for the drivers as they dont carry any!!!Overall i would advise anyone going to Vegas to stay here, i have only stayed in the Excalibur before and although that was a nice hotel this was just soooo much better. We had a fantastic time and loved the hotel.	
Jun 6 2009 	Not for light sleepers but excellent remodel of a great hotel	The Mirage has undergone a modest evolution of late, but the wonderful location, beautiful atrium, and fantastic pool remain the same. The rooms have undergone a terrific remodeling job. Like most hotels that have remodeled, they've ditched the themed rooms in favor of a basic modern motif. However, I actually liked the retro-modern redesign of the rooms, which now boast plush mattresses, a flat screen TV, and dark woods with accents of colors like pink and orange. Now to the bad news. The bathrooms, while remodeled with nice granite counters and tile accents around the mirror, are still tiny. Fine for a solo traveler, but not ideal for a couple or family. And here's the deal breaker for me, as a light sleeper. You can hear EVERYTHING from these rooms. Every door that closes, every word uttered in the hallway, the maids knocking on doors and saying &quot;Room keeping,&quot; the halls being vacuumed. It's a light sleeper's worst nightmare. That said, the Mirage is still a great choice for most, due to its ideal mid-Strip location, excellent pool, and probably the nicest rooms for the money of any four star on the strip.	
Jun 3 2009 	Just Average....	Stayed three nights while my husband attended convention at the hotel. Overall I liked the location – right in the middle of the strip and walking distance to shopping, restaurants, and other casinos. You have to walk from the lobby through the casino to get to the room elevators and it can be a bit of a hike, especially when you are hauling baggage. As a nonsmoker I thought the casino was very smoky and uncomfortable for me to breathe.Room - Our room on the 5th floor was adequate – bed was comfortable, large flat screen TV, good work space. The bathroom was quite small and I noticed rust forming on the tub fixtures. No view really – the rooftop and glass atrium but maybe that’s what you get at the conference rate. As I said, just adequate, not dazzling by any stretch of the imagination.Pool – it is a very nice sprawling pool with a mixture of sun and shade. It is a thousand times better than the TI pool we passed on the tram, but doesn’t hold a candle to the pools at Mandalay Bay. The Mirage pools were FREEZING cold and it was 90 plus degrees outside this week. Hardly anyone goes into the pools because they are so cold so you have lots of room to swim if you want to give it a try. The lounge chairs are not very comfortable and are placed very close together like sardines in a can. We shared a large pina colada at poolside and it was very tasty.Restaurants - We had champagne brunch at the Mirage on Sunday and it was pretty good – wide selection of food and while mostly lukewarm, the entrees had flavor and the service was good. We had the breakfast buffet at the Paris hotel one morning and I was disappointed. I would say the Mirage buffet was just as good as Paris… maybe even a bit better! We had breakfast another morning at the Cravings restaurant and it was very average, but the service was fast.Revolution Lounge – My husband is a big Beatles fan so we stopped by for a drink. Very pricey - $15 for a glass of wine and $8 for a beer. There wasn’t anything in the décor to make you think ‘Beatles,’ except a few video clips on a TV screen and you couldn’t hear what they were saying. The lounge promotes some sort of interactive experience however we didn’t see anything unique at all. The back portion of the lounge was not open every time we checked... still curious about the ‘interactive experience.’Misc – our experience with the Mirage elevators was really good – they were plentiful and quick. Much better than our stay at Mandalay Bay in May. Wireless internet is another story. $15 per day PER COMPUTER meaning my husband and I would have to pay twice for access for each of our laptops. Ridiculous. They don’t charge an extra fee for water usage of a second person in a room so I’m not sure why the hotel feels they can justify extortion for a second laptop connection. And to boot, the connection has been unreliable all three days of our visit. I called the front desk and they told me to use the Ethernet cable which holds me captive to using the laptop in the room. After another call to the front desk I managed to get the wireless charge removed for one day of our stay. Overall this hotel was just average. We booked for the proximity to a conference, however if I were free to choose I would try something else.	
Jun 2 2009 	Definitely we will stay at the Mirage again	Enjoyed our 3 nights. Got a high floor room w/view of volcano as requested. Very nice room, very clean. The pool is wonderful. Wish Starbucks was alot closer to the guest elevators - its location is inconvenient for overnight guests, and there is no inroom coffee. Guest elevators are a wandering trek through the casino after checking in - not fun with luggage and kids. Overall though, we will stay at the Mirage again. All staff that we encountered was freindly and welcoming.	
Jun 2 2009 	Still very nice and they are taking steps to update...	Had a lot of free time on my hands and took the Mirage up on an email Volcano Rate special, and booked a long 10 day trip.- Check in had a few minutes wait (on a Sunday around 5:30pm) not bad at all, but when it was my turn they found my reservation immediately and knew the room type I selected, and the nightly rates I'd booked at.- Room (Deluxe) was great, and clean - bedding had no stray hairs or stains (as some reviews has commented). Bathroom was clean, faucets and drains worked fine (Note that the power vents are not strong enough to remove all the steam from a shower). Hair dryer was very good with multiple settings. - Tipping the housekeeping staff every day (I went $5/day given the recession, and the great deal I got on the room) got me larger size bath soap as well as multiple shaving kits. - Check out went fine, I used the electronic check out. This is a nice feature as it also lets you review your bill during your stay, so you can double-check that you are being charged correctly for the services you've used, etc.Gambling:I typically only play poker. The poker room staff are a great bunch, and I look forward to seeing them 1-2 a year. The waitresses are typically quick, but sometimes you catch a wave where there is a shift change or some other confusion, and you have to wait a bit for service, but they aren't slackers and they aim to please, so be a bit patient if you hit them when they're out of step. Poker room comps: Every other day, or if you get in 8+ hrs in one day, they will give you a $15 food voucher. (The poker room offers a poker room rate that you can book at. You must average 6/hrs night Su-Th, and 8/hrs night Fr-Sa, which is a fair amount of play. These days you can find comparable rates online).I also played the table game Pai Gow a few times. The dealers there were friendly, and rooted for the customers - which is always nice. The waitresses were on it the few times I was there.The buffet (I actually only had breakfast/brunch there. Brunch once, breakfast 5-6 times) is very good. It may not have the extensive variety of some higher priced buffet options, but what's provided is prepared well and tastes great. I found the staff to be pleasant and while it some time took a minute or two for them to get my initial drink order they were on it after that. (This trip I found that the staff responded with &quot;Thanks I appreciate it&quot; when I tipped).Pros: Great location. Refurbished rooms are very nice. Nice pool.Temporary Con: They were working on improvements around the set of elevators which took me to my room. This meant that 3 of the elevators were out of service for a week. This only caused a problem on Saturday and Sunday late afternoon early evening. The hotel took action by routing some people to a service elevator (which was a bit hard to get to, but they led you there). Later in the week they shifted the work area and 4 of the 6 elevators were in service, and there were no longer any backups.Pro/Con: (Didn't affect my trip) Pool's waterfall was shut down. Some other guests were upset about this, and while I do enjoy the waterfall in theory, I must say having it off made the seating area near it a lot quieter.Con: The drink prices at the pool are very expensive. A Bud beer was $8. A bucket of five Buds was $32. I found that the frozen drinks had very little alcohol in them. Some will find the bathrooms a bit small. I know the bathrooms at Mandalay Bay and Bellagio are bigger, as are those in the higher priced rooms at the Mirage.I dinged the service because of the elevator issue - I think it could have been planned better, as the elevators were out of service even when the area was not being worked on.Noteworthy: They've added an indoor/outdoor bar, as well as a Starbucks, where the amenities store (up front) was. (They'd earlier added a BLT burger restaurant where the front tiger cage was). (They already had a nice coffee shop in the rear stores, and it's still open). I didn't stop in to either the bar of Starbucks as I was typically on the go, but the outdoor bar space looks like a nice place to chill and a good use of the space.Tips: I recommend the breakfast buffet if you are staying at the restaurant. Pricewise it makes sense. If you order a coffee/tea, juice, eggs and a side at the cafe (etc), then you're up to $15 anyway (the breakfast buffet is 15.03 w/tax). With the buffet you don't have to overeat, and you can have what you want. Additionally, I personally really like the brunch w/alcohol option (available Sat and Sun). Many of the on property restaurants are offerring happy hour or other dining specials. I didn't get a chance to try them out, but they sounded nice.Local eats: If you want a cheap breakfast you can run across the street to McD. They've added a Chipotle across the street as well, another great lighter (but filling) meal option. My other favorite option is Outback across the street - I like their Margaritas better than Margaritaville.	
Jun 1 2009 	Renovation Rules	Once upon a time the Mirage was the elite hotel on The Strip, setting the standards for customer service and luxury accomodations. Sadly, that is no longer the case. While the Mirage is still a very nice property, it now is a step below hotels like Wynn, Encore, and Venetian.For our weeklong stay, my girlfriend and I booked a room on the &quot;private&quot; access floors. Unfortunately, one of the two elevators servicing those floors was closed for several days for renovations to the elevator lobby. This resulted in occassional long waits for the elevator, and crowded rides when the elevator did show up. The pool area was very crowded. Not helping was the fact a portion of the pool area was closed for renovations. This also meant the waterfall features were not operating, turning the acclaimed Mirage pool into your typical Las Vegas resort hotel pool. I'm curious why the renovations and repairs weren't completed while the pool was closed during the &quot;off season&quot;.On the positive side, the recently renovated rooms were quite sharp and comfortable. Bathrooms were large and clean. The 42 inch flat screen TV was nice. Staff members were courteous and pleasant. The hotel offers a nice mix of shops, restaurants and services.On the downside, although the check-in lines were short, service was slow (about 15 minutes). The concierge staff were indifferent, at one time referring me to the hotel Business Center, when the center was long closed for the day. Room doors slammed rather forcefully upon closing. Food at certain restaurants like the Carnegie Deli was unexpectedly expensive. Looking for cheap drinks? Not at the Mirage, as one waitress confided to us the drink prices are &quot;outrageous&quot;. We still drank...just not as much.Overall, in my opinion the level of service and quality have slipped under MGM/Mirage management. The vibe of the hotel has changed. After witnessing a shirtless 20 something with shorts past his butt and baseball cap cocked sideways strut around the casino floor, I wondered if he would've made it past security 10 years ago. After all, most 7-11's won't even serve you without a shirt.....The Mirage isn't a bad hotel....it's just no longer the great Las Vegas hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	would stay agin great locatio price and service	I go to vegas atleast 1x per year, have never stayed at mirage before. upon arrival we were checked in immediatley. I asked the desk person if there was a strip view room and he said he could get me one if i wanted to wait an hour or so..I decieded not to but he was very friendly and accomodating, mirage pool is great, adult pool bare is worth paying for to gurantee a seat and waitress service. staff at bare was great! the regular pool was nice but it fills up quick and the bar and bathrooms can be far away depending were u get a seat. we ate at the carnige deli 2x the portions are HUGE food was good. still cheaper to split something and pay the extra $3 rather than waste all left overs. The burger bar looked great although we did not go in. Rhumbar was cool, can sit outside and drinks (frozen) were great as well as staff....revolution lounge is a good spot for drink before going out and night club is fun as well...the evelators were broken for 3 of my 5 days which caused lines and up to 30 min wait to use. but fixed after few days...all of the dealers and pit bosses at mirage seemed friendly and helpfull as well... the rooms were average, redone and looked nice, shower made noise (who cares) but was hot the entire time. the best part is the location for the price.. right across from venetian center strip close to bellagio, wynn etc,,,,if u like sushi or even veggie sushi try social house next door at TI it was great.. also Lavo at Pallazzo was one of best meals ever , night club is great as well at lavo.	
Jun 1 2009 	Will stay here again	Located right on the strip. We booked 4 nights thru the internet months in advance and got a rate of $90/night. Then we booked a 2- nignt extension a few days before arrival and got a rate of $135/night. Lesson learned: book months in advance if possible.Room is spacious and very clean. Bathroom is also spacious and very clean. There is a good size safe in the room, large enough to hold a laptop and cameras. There is a fridge stocked with snacks and drinks. Don't touch anything in fridge unless you are willing to pay the outrageous prices. If you pick up an item and put it back, you are charged for it. Internet access is available for a fee of $15.00/day.Bed is very comfortable.  The buffet is excellent, but expensive. We went to the Harrah's buffet across the street which is just as good or better.. Overall, very nice hotel and will definitely stay here again when visiting Las Vegas.	
May 31 2009 	Last time there	I've been a big fan of the Mirage for years, the last 10 years in fact.The location is central. The pool has always been better than most.The rooms were larger and more comfortable than others on the strip.I guess Memorial Day weekend is a bad time to visit if you want any sort of calm. Beyond the chaos at the pool, the hotel is beginning to look run down. This despite the rooms being remodeled over the last couple years.The dresser drawer handle was broken in my room and the scratch patterns across the drawer fronts indicated that this had been a problem for some time. Every other day, the maid would stick the handle back on the screw but either the screw or handle had been stripped and it just came off again. Other low-lights were the electricity going out in the bathroom one day, only part of the bathroom so it wasn't the ground fault switch. Also there was no hot water in the hotel one evening, I have not seen that in a large hotel in North America before. The elevators have a mind of their own and will change direction partway up to your floor.These things by themselves are hardly vacation breakers but think about why you are booking this hotel, are you booking to get a cheap bed or are you looking for the Vegas experience they promise. The reality is that the owners of the hotel are heavily invested in a large complex being built and there is no money being spent here. Discount rates are great but they are attracting a different crowd than the hotel used to service. Theres just so much staggering and vomit that you can put up with. Anyone over 35 pretty much echoed this sentiment while we were there.If its your first time to Vegas the glitz will most likely distract you from much of the problems. If you're a reasonably frequent visitor, the warts will show. Despite the cut backs in staffing, the remaining employees were quite nice and were trying hard, its just too bad the expansion greed has crippled the owners.	
May 30 2009 	Convenient And Semi-Luxurious	Stayed at the Mirage from February 19-23 for my wedding. The review is a little late, because I have been extremely busy, but better late than never. Check in was quick because we arrived around 10:30 pm, and upon inquiring we were given an upgrade in our room. Them room was spacious, nicely decorated, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The hotel is situated on the strip in between Caesar's and Treasure Island, a block away from the Fashion Show mall, and across the strip from Harrah's. The hotel is nice with a rain forest in the atrium and a large aquarium in the lobby. We ate at the buffet for breakfast and brunch and they were both excellent. The deli and burger place inside are both good, but extremely expensive. You'll end up paying over $45 on a meal for two at either place. Mcdonalds and Chipotle are across the street. The pool was open but it was chilly out so there weren't to many people using the pool. The hotel is large, but not so extremely big that you would get lost. There is a tram that connects the Mirage to Treasure Island. Nothing bad to say about this hotel aside from the price. The hotel can be over priced if you are unable to find a deal.	
May 28 2009 	pool is not all that the picture shows it to be	check in was fine.room was just okay.small small small bathroom!!no soundproofing, woke up each night to the ice machine and the partiers.booked mirage for the pool and waterfall feature and inquired twice before arriving to make sure there was no construction going on.i was misinformed as when i arrived a good portion of the pool was closed off around the non working waterfall that is featured in the mirage pictures.there was a gross sour smell at pool in the afternoon.front desk initially asked who i spoke too over the phone about the pool.then they said they dont know about the pool issues.then said the area waterfall area would be closed until???? they didnt seem too concerned at all.too bad.	
May 27 2009 	Great	We stayed at the Mirage over Memorial Day weekend. We had a suite that wasn't updated (unlike the majority of the rooms). It was very, very crowded. We spent our days at the pool, which is beautiful. The food at CPK was good, but we don't recommend the Caribe Cafe - we thought the food was mediocre and the selection limited, but the service was fast. The Mirage is just an average hotel - nothing special. We like the fact that it's not a mega resort and the walk to the pool and the strip doesn't take forever. However, I wouldn't spend a lot of money on a room.	
May 27 2009 	Second time to stay enjoyed as much as the first time	A colleague and I traveled to Las Vegas for a convention at the RIO for travel agents. We wanted to stay on the strip and a got a really good rate at the Mirage through the LVCVA-Certified Travel Agent. I have stayed at the the Mirage once before for my honeymoon in Oct 2006, I love the renovated rooms. We were in Vegas in Oct last year when the baby tigers and dolphin were born and my have they gotten big! I really enjoy the Mirage and will hopefully be returning in Sept/Oct for my anniversary !!!!!	
May 26 2009 	Mirage is a great choice	My coworker and I recently travelled to Las Vegas for a work conference. Although our conference was held at the Rio, we opted to stay at the Mirage due to the great location on the strip. The lobby area of the Mirage is really nice with tropical plant decor, and there is a huge aquarium behind the check-in counters. When we went the hotel was undergoing some renovations so there was a wait to get on the elevators, but that was minor and understandable due to the renovations.Our room was beautiful, with a great view of the strip! We could watch the volcano erupt every night from our hotel room. We were lucky to get a room close to the elevators and ice machine. This is a large hotel so that was really nice. Maid service was wonderful. Each day when we came back to the room it was immaculate. The beds at the Mirage are some of the most comfortable a person could ever sleep in. They are so comfortable they have brochures so that you can order the bed if you want!We ate breakfast at the buffet there one morning and it was really good.I also loved the deli, they have the best pickles!!There is a little coffee shop there that has huge pastries. They had the biggest cinnamon roll I think I have ever seen!	
May 25 2009	GREAT hotel - stay here if going to Vegas!	This hotel was everything you could want in a vegas hotel.... the view was breathtaking, the staff was helpful and wonderful. The rooms were big, comfortable and had everything you could want! Mirage is right in the middle of everything on the strip. The inside was clean, the atrium was beautiful and the volcano was awesome!We'll be going back to Vegas &amp; when we do, it's back to the Mirage!! :)Don't forget a Cirque Show, they are a must (Penn &amp; Teller too!)!!	
May 24 2009 	WOW! Great hotel love the pool... but I don't like the location	My husband and I usually stay at the Monte Carlo, however, we decided to try out this hotel (there was a really good package deal) last Aug. The experience at this hotel was awesome! The staff is super nice and accommodating - much better than the Monte Carlo which is a 3-star hotel. I didn't think it would make much difference but the Mirage staff treated us much better, they really wanted us to enjoy our stay. The hotel room was nice and clean. I think it was pretty standard. The cleaning service was great. They were efficient and very good. The casino was good but I don't think we played a lot there. There are many high end restaurants there but we didn't try them out (too much $$$ for us). We ate at California Pizza Kitchen (it's was pretty good) and Carnegie Deli - also pretty good. We loved their pool!! The pool area is sunny with some shady areas. They have a salt water pool, no chemical which was different but very nice. The main pool was huge and even with a lot people, there was room to swim around. We were there in August so it was the hottest time of the year and everyone was in the pool but it really didn't feel overcrowded. It's sad to read in the 2009 reviews by people on this site that the waterfall was not working. It is a nice feature, it makes the scenery much more tropical. I hope they bring it back. They also have a pool for adults in a secluded area but it was overcrowded and there are too many &quot;excited&quot; boys for my taste. The hotel has a gym (yes, we do work out during our vacation!!!) - it does have all the standard cardio machines, weight machines, and free weights. It was pretty expensive because you have to buy the spa deal to get into the gym (Sorry I don't remember exact amount). The location of the hotel is right in the middle of the strip. You can walk to all the 5 star hotels. However, there is no drugstore close by (you have to walk a good distance to get to one). We don't rent a car. The hotel does sell basic stuff but they double or triple the price so it can add up. Overall, it was one of the best experiences we've had in Vegas but we really didn't like the location and we ended up paying more than usual for many things.	
May 24 2009 	quality stay great all around experience would definately stay again	there were no surprises in this stay, we got exactly what we ordered, and it was a nice as the pictures led us to believe. This hotel is easy to navigate, the staff at check in were very friendly and accomodating. There is a fair amount of door opening and closing in the hallways, however I imagine this is true of most hotels. We ate twice at Carnegie delicatesen - too good for words. Other than that ate mostly at other locations outside the hotel. The pool was wonderful, difficult to find a shady spot for my husband, but we managed. It's much cheaper to buy your sandwiches and cold drinks at the convenience store off the elevators, than from the poolside girls.	
May 23 2009 	Oasis in a Sea of Machines	During the last leisurely visit to Las Vegas, the Bellagio was the &quot;in&quot; resort and Ceasars was run down. Things have changed, including the Mirage. The walk from the entrance and lobby was fairly short and effortless while passing some slot machines. Since the casino floor is not that large at the Mirage, you are not walking for a long period of time amongst folks sitting at machines gambling.The room on the 24th floor was recently remodeled, fairly clean and spacious. The layout was practical. Closets on both sides of the bed helpful in sorting out clothes. Like one previous reviewer noted, the carpet is dark, so every piece of lint is visible. The flat screen TV also a nice feature. Plenty of lamps and lighting in the room. We also liked that the windows could be opened out slightly, especially during the volcano show.The bathroom was plenty spacious for two people to get ready for the day or evening. The light around the mirror is a nice decor feature. The shower head would not move, thus you had to accept whatever way the spray came out. Toilet flush did it's job nicely and quickly.The pool was fun and clean. Unlike a previous reviewer, the pool smelled of chlorine, not sour. Every pool patron behaved and kept to themselves. Many times large pools invite rowdiness, however this was not the case. While the pool water fall was not working, it was hardly missed. Plenty of trees, vegetation, piped-in music and birds around to create a calm environment. Pool staff attentive as needed.As with most other visitors, we did wander through other casino resorts. Surprisingly, the Bellagio is really run-down and the color scheme odd. Ceasars completely remodeled-gone are the smoky-colored mirrored glass and gaudy gold accents amongst thousands of lightbulbs flashing. The Wynn and Encore decor is very pleasing to the eyes, plenty of wonderful places to relax, play or just watch the world. The Palazzo had this very open and large feel, somewhat boxy feeling in the casino. The Venetian was just ok.The visit also included seeing legandary Tom Jones at MGM. The show and performance was great. Not a bad seat in the house, although we were right up front. The MGM itself is tired and seems to have lost it's theme. We did eat at Craftsteak. Excellent.Bottom line, if you come to Las Vegas and the Mirage to gamble, you'll get just that. If you want a rest from gambling, Mirage has that also. Las Vegas is not known for culture or history, so don't expect that.	
May 22 2009 	First time at The Mirage...won't be the last!	After my first trip to Vegas I had always wanted to stay at The Mirage. The grounds looked so beautiful and the place had this ambiance to it. After contemplating summer vacation for a while, I came across some great deals through the Mirage website and also noticed they had recently renovated the standard rooms....I was sold. We stayed 5/10-5/13 and got an amazing deal (~$70/night I believe). We arrived at 9am and were told that earliest we could check-in would be 11am if rooms were available. No problem at all as we left our bags with the bellmen who were friendly and extremely helpful. After a quick bite to eat we were able to check-in at 11am and were given an upgraded room on the 23rd floor with a strip/volcano view upon request. It's amazing what a smile and a little kindness can get you. I find myself incredibly annoyed by a lot of the reviews on this website. First and foremost...you're in Las Vegas. The hotels are huge, sorry that you might have to walk a little ways to get somewhere. GET OVER IT...most people who complain about this probably NEED the exercise anyway! The hotel is large, but in my opinion, very cozy and welcoming. The atrium is absolutely beautiful and we found the casino to be very clean...somewhat smokey but what casino in Vegas isn't? Slots seemed tight compared to other casinos. Didn't play table games as limits are too high at night when we prefer to gamble. Did have a slight problem with elevators the first day (Sunday) we were there due to repairs. Other guests seems to be really annoyed but we never waited for more than a minute or two to catch one - no problem Mon/Tues as they had opened an additional one. Our room was absolutely beautiful (pictures included) and housekeeping does an amazing job keeping things neat. Probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on in my entire life. The walls do seem a little thin, especially in the morning as people are coming and going, but again...it's a large hotel so this is to be somewhat expected. The bathroom is a bit small but how much time do you really spend in a bathroom anyway? Clean towels were always replenished and we never had to ask for anything. Our housekeeper even took time to layout our toiletries and other items we brought on top of a washcloth on the sink...above and beyond service if you ask me. The pool is absolutely beautiful...very tropical and relaxing and we really enjoyed the hot tubs. They aren't extremely hot, just a little warmer than the pools so don't be afraid to use them....you won't get too hot. It was difficult finding lounge chairs on Sunday but we were able to find some after a couple minutes of walking around. Didn't have any problems finding some on Mon/Tues...I'm sure the pool is much busier on the weekends. The waterfall was not working as I believe they are doing repairs. We were a little disappointed, but the section of the pool that was closed off was rather small, so again...no big deal and not worth getting upset over. The pool isn't open as late as most people would expect, but it is Las Vegas and times are pretty standard across the board at all casinos. I think the hours are posted on the website...with a little research you can be self-informed PRIOR to your trip. We had meals at California Pizza Kitchen and BLT Burger...good food/service and great options for something more middle-ground in pricing. We also ate at Mesa Grill (Bobby Flay's restaurant) in Caesar's Palace...outstanding service, and perfectly prepared/seasoned/balanced flavors. It's easy to understand his celebrated &quot;celebrity-chef&quot; status after enjoying a meal there. We had an amazing time at Mirage and will certainly stay again next time we're in Vegas. The service, amenities, and location are outstanding. In addition, I highly recommend checking out the following places while in Vegas:- Bellagio Fountains/Mirage Volcano/MGM Grand Lion Habitat- Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace for shopping- Fremont Street Downtown (original Vegas charm,; $20 cab including tip; cheap drinks; LOW minimums; LCD show is pretty cool)- O'Sheas (small casino next to Flamingo and across from Caesar's; low minimums; steady drink service; younger (21-35yo) crowd; laid-back/fun atmosphere)- Ballys (low minimums, friendly/helpful dealers, live music)- If you're on a low budget for food, there is a McDonald's/Chipotle/Panda Express right across the street from The Mirage, and a Burger King inside O'Sheas...easy places to hit up for a quick/cheap breakfast or lunch	
May 22 2009 	Fun but expensive	The Mirage is a fun place. There is a great casino, good shows (Terry Fador was OUTSTANDING!), nice aquarium, gardens, volcano, tigers, swimming pool, etc. The rooms were very nice and roomy. But expect to pay to see the tigers, to pay a LOT for shows, and overpay for the buffet. But we were a little inconvenienced with the remodeling going on which limited the access to the elevators to our floor. Being in a wheelchair, the traffic patterns were very uncomfortable for my wife.	
May 22 2009 	Doesn't meet normal hotel standards.	We were outraged at the Mirage. My daughter and I usually swim in the evening after dinner. It is normal for a hotel pool to close at 10pm. I get irritated when pools close at 8pm. The Mirage closed its pool at 6pm. The front desk told us that is normal in Las Vegas. Maybe it is, but we happened to pass through the Golden Nugget and their pool closed at 8pm. I'm used to pools opening at 6 to 8am. The Mirage's opened at 9am. The line to get in at 9am was 5 minutes long. We tried to put food in the refrigerator but it was completely full of drinks for sale, so an otherwise nice room effectively had no refrigerator along with no coffee maker. The walk from the front desk to the elevator was 3 minutes through rows of slot machines. The directions given at the front desk to the elevator where incorrect. Later, another employee gave us incorrect directions to the pool. Communication is not this hotel's strong point. For instance, the pool had two area with waterfalls. One waterfall was turned off, and the second waterfall was off and the area it was in, which was about 25% of the whole pool, was closed, but there were no signs telling you why. When we entered the Mirage's driveway we came to a fork where there was a sign telling us that the Mirage was to the left and Treasure Island Hotel was to the right. After circling around lost we discovered that while the Mirage was on the left their parking was on the right combined with Treasure Island's. This hotel needs a new manager. The buffet restaurant was probably the best buffet we have ever enjoyed.	
May 21 2009 	Good value a Vegas classic !	In these big hotels things can be a little impersonal, but that can be over passed with professionalism, and it was! My first room was very good, but because of the noise coming from a connection door to a suite, I asked to change room. And my request was promptly satisfied. The second room was also great, good view to the strip (and to the classic volcano), no noise, impeccably clean, comfortable bed, large TV, and even a handsfree phone. Wifi Internet is available for a fee, and location is great. Food at the buffets and restaurants is quite good, however if you are returning after many years like me, you will find differences, and those are not just in price: “Excellent” was my classification before! Choose with confidence, a bad experience doesn’t seem possible. If something is less than perfect, complain, they seem to know how to do it properly!	
May 21 2009 	Swampy pool!	Just got back from a trip to Las Vegas, stayed at the Mirage for my 10th visit, and was dissappointed. I realize this hotel is for sale, but they need to care a bit more about their facility to market it well. For instance, the pool's waterfall feature was out of order, and the pool started to take on a sour milk smell, which was really gross. Our room was nice, and our maid did a great job, but this hotel used to be nicer. It was also very difficult to order a drink in the casino, as they seemed to have cut back on cocktail servers. Just my .02, hope your stay is better than ours was.	
May 21 2009 	Great first stay at the Mirage	We stayed at the Mirage May 8-11, 2009, and visited Vegas for a concert. We made our reservations back in January and got a great deal....lowest prices I've seen for this resort in the last few years, the price even went down further online and I called and got it adjusted through their reservations department. So watch the websites after you book, they will always meet the internet price if it goes down. Great deal! Took a taxi to the hotel from the airport and were greeted on arrival by a friendly valet. We went to the front desk to see if our rooms were ready even though it was early, around noon. We asked to be put on the same floor as another couple we were traveling with. The front desk person was nice and easily accommodated our request and had 2 rooms ready for us right away on the 9th floor. I would've liked to ask for room on a higher floor, but knowing about the elevator issues, I did not. (Glad we stayed with low floors, I saw lines for the upper floor elevators every day at almost all times of the day or night.) Our elevator area had already been renovated so we encountered no issues there. The room was nice and newly renovated. Flat panel tv, cool design, etc. Very nice. The dark carpet does show every speck of lint and dust though. Could've used a thorough vacuuming but it was not bad. Everything else looked very clean. We had a strip view and could see Treasure Island, Wynn, Venetian, etc. No issues with housekeeping at all. I liked how they had a lot of towels in the room too. I counted 6 on arrival and 4 at the lowest amount. Nice! No need to ask for extra towels at all.We ate at BLT Burger the first day for lunch. Food was a bit on the high side, but very good overall. Neat place to grab something. I had the Kobe slider trio and my friend tried one of the spiked milkshakes which was delicious!! I also got carryout late one night to take back to the room. Service was prompt even then.We also ate at the Caribe Cafe our first morning for breakfast. Service was very quick and the food was good. Prices were ok....not too low, not too high. Faster service than other cafes I've been to at other casino hotels in Vegas though.Played some slots here, but found that they did not have some of the newer slots like Wizard of Oz, Star Trek or Quarter Wheel of Fortune we were looking for. Mostly played Goldfish or video poker. Table minimums were too high for me here, but I did see $10 blackjack tables during the day. Played $3 blackjack downtown and had better luck on slots downtown also. The pool....same deal here as anyplace else. You gotta play the save a pool chair game. It is annoying but it happens everywhere else (Flamingo, Mandalay) so what can you do. We did not get down there very early, maybe around 9ish and we were able to eventually get enough chairs. People start to leave later in the day so chairs free up more then. There are pool attendants that will help you find chairs if needed. The pool area is really nice, pretty landscaping, lots of palm trees, both shade or sun available. The pool bar was convenient but somewhat high priced. $20 for a daquiri. Keeps you from drinking too much I guess. The last day I asked for a late checkout and they gave me an extra hour, till 1pm at no charge. I forget what the cost was for extra time. I checked my bag with the bellhops until it was time to leave for the airport. Friendly bellhops as well, even though they were quite busy. Overall, all of the Mirage employees I encountered to be very helpful and friendly. Ate at 777 Brew Pub at Main Street Station the first night. Great value. Been there twice now and loved it again. Plan to return. Also ate at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris one night and got a table on the patio! yay! Got to see the fountains. I had called ahead for a reservation, but I'm not sure it was needed. It was early and not busy when we arrived. There was a line when we left though. Ate at Wynn Buffet for mother's day brunch...that was amazing and fabulous. Moms got a rose and small bag of candy. Huge variety of food! I've been to the buffet at Bellagio several times before and we liked this buffet better. The dining room is nicer the way it has natural light and smaller rooms. Food quality and selection is comparable to the Bellagio though. Also tried Diablo’s at Monte Carlo one night. It was just ok. Not the greatest Mexican food, not the worst. Overall, an awesome trip to Vegas! I would book the Mirage again. Great amenities, pool and location. Can’t wait to go back in the fall!	
May 21 2009 	Wonderful stay!	We had mentioned when booking that we were coming back to Vegas for our anniversary. The lady taking our reservation upgraded us to a recently renovated suite that was beautiful. The location on the strip couldn't have been better. Service and staff were excellent. We would absolutely stay here again!!The only downfall of this stay was that the volcano was not working, although they did inform us of this when we booked.	
May 19 2009 	Ok if you like staying in a railway station!!	To be fair I will write both the good and bad and hope that this will help someone trying to decide to stay there. The good. The location is great in the midst of the big casinos. Casaers Palace and Treasure Island are next door. Across the road is Harrahs, Wynn, Venetian etc. You would not need a car if you want to casino hop. The pool is very attractive with maybe 75 palm trees and an interesting shape and layout that can provide shade and a feeling that there is not that many people. Parking access is not bad once you get used to the confusing signs pointing to the self park. Acceess is between Mirage and TI off the strip. The walk to the hotel is not bad. The bad. The rooms were semi renovated. I say semi because they were redecorated but really redone. Example the night table and dresser had a glass top added over the old furniture to make it look new. The tub had been resurfaced not replaced. In one large spot the paint had split and rust was pouring through indicating that they would soon need to redo. The original beds had a mattress topper added and were slightly more comfortable. The TV had been replaced with a flat screen. Room attendent missed something wveryday. The wine glasses were removed. She told us they were removing them from all the rooms and to call room service to get more. One day there were no face cloths. The next day there were no hand towels. She said she was not given any clean towels. One day the safe decided to not work. We had to wait one hour to get them to open for us. THis also happened when we first arrived and also lost one hour waiting. The walk from the front desk to the elevators is a windy path through the casino. This is very very crowded all the time and very narrow. It is a real pain with your luggage. The machines in the casino are extremely tight. I would avoid them. I played the poker room but got no points credit becasue their computer was down. The next day the poker room manager refused to credit my play. VERY VERY POOR ATTITUDE. We decided to play in other casnios. We were staying one week and wanted a good gambling experience. Avoid the buffet at all costs. The greeter was very rude. The food was mediocre at best considering the price. I suggest you cross the street and go the Wynn, Venetian or the Paris for MUCH better food and service. The pool was very crowded. People grab the chairs at 8:00 and leave towels on them to hog them for the day. So by 8:30 most of the chairs are taken but hardly any people in the pool. We found it was not bad to go around 5:00 and swim until 7:00 closing. The other thing is play the same hogging game everyone else does. The pool waterfall was not working and the whole area around that was ropped off. I would not stay here again considering all the better choices out there. My wife and I go 3 times a year and have stayed in most of them.	
May 19 2009 	Perfect for our needs	We had a great stay at the Mirage. The front desk clerk was very helpful in meeting our requirements when looking for a room. Our room was lovely, and the bathroom was adequate for our needs. Although 3 of the elevators to our floor were out of action due to maintainence, we rarely had to wait more than a couple of mins, and did not find this an issue at all. The hotel location is very convenient to access other hotels on the strip and the deuce bus stops outside the hotel in front of the volcano, although the bus stop is easy to miss at first. We had a sandwich from the Carnegie Deli and it was fine, but we found it quite expensive. We had saturday brunch at the Cravings buffet, which was good, but not amazing. The pool area is lovely and we had no trouble finding loungers at 2/3pm, although that might be different as the weather gets hotter. We also attended the LOVE show, which was outstanding. We would definitely stay at the Mirage again, and its location is perfect to explore the strip.	
May 19 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	We had a great time in Las Vegas. Part of the positive experience had to do with staying at the Mirage. We requested a strip room when we checked in and got it with no problem. My boyfriend is a neat freak and even he was impressed with the cleanliness of the room. The only negative was low pressure in the showerhead. We rented a car so we used the valet quite often. The valet workers were very pleasant and always asked if we needed directions anywhere. We loved California Pizza. We ate there three nights. The food was deleicious and the prices were not bad. The location of the hotel is perfect. We had no problems with elevators. We were on the 17th floor. All in all, a great stay!!	
May 18 2009 	Not as good as our last stay	My husband and I stayed at the Mirage Hotel May 11-17, 2009. We've stayed at this hotel two times before. The hotel has since had some renovations, including a redo of the rooms. I have to say, I'm not impressed. This hotel, even with renovations, is showing its age of 20 years....especially compared to other hotels on the strip. Three times I needed to ask for something in our bathroom to be fixed and we could never get our room cool enough. Also, the huge water fall at the pool, which is a main attraction, was not working. Two huge hunks of the &quot;rock&quot; had fallen off and were very slowly being repaired. I should say that it wasn't horrible, in fact it was nice; however, next year we will be staying at the Palazzo where we stayed last year.	
May 17 2009 	Good hotel great location.	Someone else in my group picked this hotel, but I was pleased with the Mirage. My room was clean and comfortable and good value. I could hear people talking in the hallways and in the room next door, so light sleepers might want to stay somewhere else. There are several restaurants and a coffee shop in the hotel. The casino is nice, with a good poker room, but they need more blackjack tables; I found myself waiting for a spot to open up more than once. The pool was nice, but they push all the beach chairs together in long rows so you'll be sharing your afternoon with strangers. The Mirage is in a great location, right in the middle of the Strip and in walking distance to most of the other casinos. The Forum shops at Caesar's are right next door, giving you many other options for shopping and dining. I would stay here again.	
May 17 2009 	Great trip - good hotel	I have just returned from a great trip to Las Vegas as part of a group of 4 fairly low-maintainence guys 30yrs old or under. It was my 3rd trip to Vegas, and 3rd time at the Mirage.ROOM:+Beds were very comfortable+Room was cleaned regularly+Nice tv and interactive services+Was given a room with fantastic volcano view and view of the strip-Bathroom was quite small and shower lacked power-Door slamming/corridor noise sometimes disturbed restRESORT:+Well kept grounds and casino cleanliness was pleasing to the eye+Pool scene was great - played good music, was busy without being overcrowded+Popular and stylish nightclub+Popular Cirque du Soleil show+Perfect location on the strip, can walk to many popular hotels and shopping facilities-Slots/machines notoriously tight-Some of the floors are having renovation work on the elevators and had huge queues when it was busy on the weekend (fortunately I was not on those floors)FOOD/DRINK:+Good selection of bars +Good range of casual dining, pizza, deli (24 hour), American, international, buffet, coffee shop+Portions were of a generous size-Poolside service drinks very expensive - $9 for a botle of water! We ended up buying a $3 bottle from the shop and taking it in-Poolside snacks were expensive and of a poor standard-Not enough healthy options in most restaurants other than a Caesar salad (with the exception of the pizza place)STAFF/SERVICE:+Check in staff were very polite and was delighted with the room I was given+Poolside staff were attentive and friendly+Maids cleaned the room regularlyOVERALL:I had a great stay at the Mirage and being my 3rd visit I knew what to expect. My primary reasons for coming back are the comfort of the rooms and the location of the hotel in relation to the other major hotels. It is expensive for what it is, and having spoken to some Vegas regulars while I was out there I may try somewhere else next time to see if I can get more 'bang for my buck'. I would certainly recommend this hotel to any newish visitors to Vegas as it's a great base to explore the strip from.	
May 15 2009 	Mirage never dissapoints!	I have visited Vegas five times, 4 of which I have stayed at The Mirage. For my wife &amp; me this is the perfect hotel, with the perfect location. We stayed 5 nights, for which I paid $70 each of four nights and one night at $160. I think it was a great deal (I used codes from fatwallet.com). We had a rental car. From the moment we arrived at the north valet of The Mirage we were greeted by a really nice valet guy who welcomed us and asked us if we needed any information. He quickly sent somebody to take our luggage. Lines at check-in were a little long but nothing to complain about. We arrived at 1 pm. Again a very nice lady at the front desk greeted us and welcomed us. She gave us our requested room. I asked her if I could get a line pass for the buffet and she gave us a line pass for all our stay for the buffet, California PIzza Kitchen and Carnegie. Our room was great, it was the standard no strip view but it was fine. I called the belldesk and in 5 min our bags came in. A very nice guy asked us if we found everything ok in the room and if we needed anything. One little downside of the standard room is that the bathroom which is a little small but we didn't care. The hotel ambiance was elegant and fun, as always. Vegas vibe at its best. Wife couldn't wait to get to the Fashion Show Mall so we went using the tram to TI and then the bridge. One thing I like the most from The Mirage is the fantastic pool. Get as early as you can because thre is a line to get in!! Our entire stay was perfect, thanks to all the nice staff at this hotel.	
May 15 2009 	Mirage was just OK - read on for the good and the not so good	We just returned from the Mirage. We booked through our travel agent - I don't know if we had any substantial savings going that route, but it was nice to be dealing with an indivdual rather than just the web - I'll explain some of the pros and cons of that later.About the Mirage:Pros: We ended up with a nice room overlooking the volcano and some of the strip. The pool was not as crowded as I had heard, but you did need to get there early to get a good chair (8:00 am open) The buffet (cravings) is one of the best in town. The location is great - right in the middle of the strip. Walking distance from many of the other resorts (Ceasars Palace, Ballagio, Harrahs, Flamingo, Ballys, Paris, Venetian, Pallazzo, Wynn, etc...). Our room (26024) was comfortable although not very plush. The walk from the room elevators to the pool was not as bad as some of the other resorts (i.e. Bally;s) but not as good as Venetian or Pallazzo. For the most part I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Check in did not take that long (15-20 minutes).The Cons: Room - The first two rooms we had - were not great. The first room was on the 14th floor and overlooked the pool. The bathroom was very small with no shower (except in the tub). Think motel 6 bathroom and then divide by two and you kind of get the idea. The bathroom did have a nice makeup mirror that unfortunatly would not turn on. Maintenance did respond promptly to attempt a repair on the wallhung mirror but then explained that those type of makeup mirrors had proved to be defective and they had been removing them from the rooms - he did not know why this room still had one. Another unfortunate problem with this room was the bird do-do smeared on the window. When I called to request a different room the gal at the from desk was very accomodating and transfered us to a room on the 21st floor (I think). This room had been recently remodeled and had a much better bathroom (although still on the small side) with a seperate shower and tub. This room had no view at all and also had no makeup mirror - which as you can probably tell by now was a big deal to my wife. One more call to the front desk and again the girl was very helpfull. I explained that I would be willing to pay for an upgraded room - to which she said that was not neccesary and arranged for us to relocate to a room with a view. This room was much better but it had not been remodeled so it did not have the larger flat screen TV or the ports for us to plug out Ipods into - which turned out to be sad because my wife had loaded a couple of movies onto her ipod that we had planned to watch - oh well. You could hear noises from the hall when other guests were going by talking but it did not seem to be that bad. We also could hear some elevator noise - but we had requested to be close to the elevators so I guess thats to be expected. They were still doing some major remodeling - which meant that the elevator areas on the ground floor had some jackhammering going on behind plastic sheets and sometimes you had no light in the hallway were the elevators were.  Pool - As I mentioned earlier you need to arrive early to get a good chair - but even when we arrived later in the day - we were able to find some chairs. The water was cold! I know that this is typical for many Vegas pools - but you need to be aware of this. Later in the summer it probably feels better. The hot tubs were warm. The pool waterfalls were not working while we were there which was disappointing. Gambling - The machines at the Mirage seemed very tight to me and we gambled enough there to know. The nice part was that our meals which we charged to our room all ended up being comped. Restaurants - Loved the &quot;Cravings&quot; buffet. Prime Rib, Shrimp, and desserts, and overall selection were all great. BLT was just OK with lack luster service and overpriced hamburgers - which did come out the way I ordered it. Carnegie Deli was OK if you like that kind of food. They bring you a plate of pickels right off the bat. Paradise Cafe was a bit of a disappointment. In planning our trip, I had envisioned eating breakfast poolside - this proved to be not so great. This first morning we went to the pool we were told the restaurant did not open until 10:00 - so we grabbed our chairs and waited till 11:00 to go into the restaurant at which time we were told they had stopped serving breakfast. The next day we went into the restaurant at 9:00 (when they opened) and found the breakfasts to be nothing great. The servers were good. My recommendation for a quick continental style breakfast that you can take poolside is to stop at the Roasted Bean just outside the pool area which was great for coffee rolls, and muffins.Comments on Vegas in general: Gambling - Don't gamble more than what you brought to lose - my wife and I decide before we go how much we are willing to lose and that is what we gamble. NO MORE THAN THAT! Getting around - Be prepared to walk a lot. Even if you decide to stay in one resort - you will find yourself doing a lot of walking. If you are going to properly see the strip, downtown or some of the many shopping venues than you will be doing a lot of walking. We use taxi's, buses, trams etc... all of which are great ways to get around - but they do cost. Money - Vegas is tourist central. Be prepared for everything to cost more than at home. A bottle of pop at the resort is typically $3.00 or more. A dinner buffet can be $30 per person. A good trick is to show up for dinner at the end of the lunch cycle (around 3:00 - 4:00pm) pay lunch price and have an early dinner for about $19 per person. There are also tons of &quot;free&quot; things to do in Vegas - don't overlook how fantastic some of those are.  Getting there - We have driven from Denver 15 hours and we have flown 1 1/2 hours. It is really nice to have a vehicle while there but not entirely necessary. When we have a vehicle we go to Walmart and stock up on snacks and pops rather than pay the hotel prices and its easy to visit many locations. We booked through a travel agent and we decided to fly this time. We flew on Southwest and as you may know they do not assign seats but rather they let you &quot;check - in&quot; for your flight 24 hours before it leaves. When you check in they give you a boarding pass which basically gives you your place in line to enter the plane. Then you can pick from whichever seats are left. We had paper tickets which meant that we could not use the electronic kiosks at the luggage check in counter. I don't know which way is better but it felt like we were being overlooked while they were calling the names of people that had used the kiosks to check their bags while we waited in another line. We decided to arrive early and leave late to keep it to only three nights but gain the benefit of four full days. The problem with that way of thinking is that the hotel won't check you into your room until approx. 3:00 - not a problem if your prepared. We checked our bags with the bell staff, kept our carry ons with us which had a swimsuit each and headed to the pool. Would have been a great plan if we also had our sunscreen with us - but did not want to put sunscreen in our carryon's with the current liquid restrictions on the airlines. Leaving late was not a great idea. The hotel will require you to check out at noon (we were able to get them to extend it to 1:00) which meant that the bell staff had to hold our luggage until it was time for us to head to the airport. This also meant that we needed to stay somewhat nearby to get our luggage. Add on top of this that we had both had our fill of gambling by this time and did not want to do anymore walking it made for a long, long day. In retrospect I should have had an earlier flight home. Final comments - Vegas is a great place for a short visit and you will see amazing things and amazing people.	
May 15 2009 	Good overall experience...	We checked in on a Saturday night, around 9pm, and we did not have to wait. Our room, which was just an average king sized bed room, looked just like the pictures do. The room was decorated nicely. The bathroom was definitely small and the A.C. wasn't the greatest. The room stayed comfortable, but we had to turn the temperature down into the 60s. When you walked out into the hallway, it was freezing...the hallways must have been 55F, seriously. The refrigerator does operate on a weighted system, so if you pick anything up, you will be charged. Room service did ok the first day, and much better the next day with a tip.The pool was nice. All the rumors are true about being there early. We went down right at 8am and there was a line all the way back into the hotel from the pool area with people trying to get in. Drinks are sooo expensive! There really wasn't very much alcohol in them either. We went into the 'Secret Garden.' It was nice and would be a good attraction for kids. The volcano is a fun attraction as well...of course it is only 5 minutes long and people line up for that early too.We ate at the buffet for breakfast and enjoyed the omelet bar. We ate at Carib Cafe...I would not recommend that place. You can probably make better food at home. BLT burger was a great place. We ate at Japanois on the last night we were there. The setting is great and the service is very helpful and friendly. You do not get a lot of food for the money...if you are on a budget or like to eat...you will be unhappy with Japanois. Rhumbar has a relaxing atmosphere with the outside lounge.All employees we interacted with were nice. Drink service was just 'ok' in my opinion. Slot machines are in fact tight, but I did have luck with the &quot;Deal or No Deal&quot; slots. They are fun to play and you get to pick briefcases...try it!I would stay at The Mirage again.	
