	Loved the GO Room	My husband &amp; I stayed here for four nights &amp; we had a great time. We didn't experience the same issues as other guests... Our room was cleaned daily, we were never disturbed by housekeeping, food in all the restaurants was very good, &amp; our room was well maintained.Bottom Line it's a good hotel for a reasonable price. If you want accommodations similar to the venetian the by all means stay at the venetian &amp; don't forget to pay the hefty nightly rate!	
	BEWARE.......FOOD POISONING!	After having enjoyed a pleasant stay at the Flamingo several years ago, we decided to stay there again. Boy, what a MISTAKE!!!!We were given a room on the 9th floor......almost 2 city blocks from the elevator....ok it wasn't like we couldn't use the exercise, but it was a big shlep every day. The bed was reasonably comfortable, but the pillows were lumpy sacks. Our 'do not disturb' sign was ignored by the maid who just walked into our room....we were naked (and sick...see below)! We took the stairs one day to save time and the stairwell was filthy and full of cigarette butts and broken glass/china.....glad there wasn't a fire or there would have been lots of cut up feet!The worst had to be the buffet.....where we both got FOOD POISONING. My husband had a mild case. I had full blown vomiting and diarrhea going on 4 days now. When I told the manager at the front desk, all she had to say was &quot;sorry.....did you tell food and beverage?&quot; Although our holiday was completely ruined, there was no offer of compensation.The casino stank to high heaven of smoke and whatever they use to deodorize the air.....it was a putrid combination.....so much so that we couldn't bear to walk through the hotel. It's disgraceful that this hotel subjects it's non-smoking guests and employees to such a hazardous and unhealthy environment!We will never stay at the Flamingo again! Harrah's Entertainment should be ashamed.....especially in this economy, this organization should be going above and beyond to make their guests feel comfortable!	
	GO do the GO Rooms at Flamingo!	I went for Thanksgiving weekend from the 26th to the 29th to see my sister, and I got a great deal on the Flamingo from a post here in the TA Vegas forum. The hotel sent me an e-mail 2 days after I booked giving me a welcome and then a promo code to upgrade to the GO Rooms for $25 more; I called them and took up the offer. I arrived at the hotel on Thanksgiving morning, and was able to check in at 10:30 am. My room was a GO Room facing the pool area, number 16099, on the 16th floor. The room was gorgeously equipped, with a refrigerator, closet, safe, iron and board, and a shower only bathroom with the king bed as the centerpiece along with the 42' inch HD capable flat screen TV. The room was clean and housekeeping did an excellent job keeping it pristine during the entire stay. Everything in my room worked well. Outside of the room, the GO Hallway is pretty weird, but once you're in your room, it's a totally different story. The casino, while a litle bit sedated for a couple of nights, is fun. I had a good late night meal at Burger Joint. The staff people I encountered were all good to me, and I was grateful that the lady who checked me in waived my incidental fees when I requested that I do not desire to charge anything to my room. I love the Flamingo's pool areas and grounds, as well as its great location. Overall, this, my first stay at the Flamingo, was a fun success. I would certainly return again to stay here, and only in a GO Room, because of its value and functionality. Totally recommend the Pink Bird. - Ringgo a.k.a chocopenguin	
	You get what you pay for --- NOT MUCH!	Given that the strip can be very expensive, the Flamingo's location is pretty much the only thing going for it. The room was AWFUL. The carpet was so worn out you could see the netting underneath and the arms on the sofa so worn out they were white. We asked for another room and were told we were getting a &quot;renovated&quot; room. While it was indeed better than the last, with newer furnishings, it wast still filthy. The carpet was covered in stains and the shower caulking was black. To be fair, we only paid about $49/night -- and I guess you get what you pay for. One other good thing about the Flamingo was the sit-down casual restaurant. I think it's called the Tropical Cafe (could be wrong). The food there was very well prepared, generous portions, and very tasty. And the service was friendly and attentive. However -- the buffet at the Flamingo was awful --- constantly ran out of food when it wasn't very busy at all, and not much of a selection. If you are short on cash, this place might be for you if you can get past the condition of the rooms. Unfortunately, I can't say anything better. I will not be staying here again.	
	TERRIBLE UNACCEPTABLE FILTHY CARPET AND SHOWER CURTAIN	The Flamingo Hilton stay was unbelievable and unacceptable. How can a hotel of your stature ask a person to pay for the filthy carpet and shower curtains as well as the badly soiled chair. When I complained to the Manager he said he never see the rooms; and his point? I love Vegas but I won't seek out the Flamingo again.	
	Great hotel first time to vegas	The hotel was great!!!! Loved it except....Long check in times and our first room was still dirty but we were upgraded to a suite!!!! Awesome!!!Room was clean, Bathroom was also. No coffee maker in our room..but its ok..Burger Joint was awesome ate there twiceThe Buffet was not worth the money at all.. Total waste of time and money. Treasure Island had the best buffett!!Its a older hotel which is ok with me if the place is clean in which it was. Pool was closed the entire time we were there.The hotel is located in the middle of the strip which is awesome next to Ballys Ceasers Imperial just a great place	
	Recommend for the most part	I stay at the Flamingo every year. At times I have had amazing rooms and at other times, very worn and not super clean. I will most likely always stay here because of the price and location. Be sure to go to the Paradise buffet for breakfast. It is awesome. The other think you absolutely must do is go see Donnie &amp; Marie. It is without a doubt one of the best shows I have ever seen. They were incredible and very gracious when we met them back stage. So it you don't need to stay in a palace, go for the Flamingo.	
	Flamingo - great price great location great value	I first stayed at the flamingo in 1993 when it was one of the best hotels in vegas before the mega resorts! at the time i thought it was fabulous and i enjoyed my stay so much i returned to Vegas around 10 times over the next 10 years. i have stayed at most of the big hotels including places like the fabulous Bellagio. This year however as i had a budget i decide to return to the flamingo. Some of the terrible reviews had me worried but i had no problem what so ever. My friend and i booked 2 rooms. check in was quick and easy. Her room had a lovely view over the pool, 2 queen beds, extremely large and clean. Yes the furniture was not new but the beds were comfortable and the rooms were cleaned each day in time for our return. My room was similar but overlooked the imperail palace car park. As we were there for 9 days on the 3rd day i asked to move. i was given a beautiful view with a bed big enough for 4 people! again the room was clean and perfectly adequate. had the rooms been as bad as soon people have said we would have paid to upgrade to a go room but we did not need to. The pool was great, quite as it was only in the 70s and i guess this is too cold for the locals! saw the Donny and Marie show at the flamingo and it was the best show i have seen in Vegas.We ate breakfast at the flamingo buffet most days and it was great, although i did find in general the prices in vegas for food were much higher than they used to be.THis hotel is the best location in Vegas, it also has a tram station at the hotel for easy travel up and down the strip. Great value for money and would stay again. dont be put off by the reviews that compare this to the 5* resorts. When i was in Vegas they were charging $200 plus per night and i paid $50 at the flamingo!	
	Disgusting	Would you like to swim in a pool full of empty beer cans, cups, cigarette butts and lifeguards sitting around not giving a d__m? How about outrageous prices for necessities such as checking your e mail from lobby terminals and printing your airline boarding pass? Empty room service trays and food containers sitting in the halls? Being charged an early departure fee? A cafe where you get to wait at least 20 minutes for waitstaff when the place is basically empty? Ok, I will give credit where it is due since our first room was awful and we were given an upgrade at no additional charge. Also, the pool itself was beautiful. If only there was a crackdown on the trash mentioned above and the intoxicated inhabitants, it would get a higher rating.	
	Get a Go Room!	My bf and I traveled her for 4 nights back in August. (sorry for the long delay) I had previously stayed at The Palazzo. I didn't know what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised. I upgraded to a GO Room after reading reviews on here. I was very glad I did. The bathroom with the TV was awesome! The best part of the room was the little sofa next to the window allowed my bf and me to sit and watch the fountains in our room! Our room was NOT a fountain view room, as that would have cost extra. I am very glad that we did not upgrade to that because we were able to see them quite clearly! The pool was awesome. We did not go there until the last day of our trip, but we will not make the same mistake next time! Get there early to get a chair and then enjoy the beautiful pool. I loved the waterfalls and even went down the slide! I would definitely stay that the Flamingo again. The location was perfect! The pool was great and the room was very nice too! GOOOOO Flamingo!	
	Great Hotel Great Location Great Service !!!	Just spent three Great nights at the flamingo and i have nothing but great things to say. We also stayed in one of the GO rooms on the 15th floor. The room it self was very Modern with great beds and very unique fixtures. Anyone giving the hotel a bad review im sure has not stayed at some of the other vegas hotels. The pool area is great and the wild life sanctuary is awsome. The hotel also pumps a coconut smell throughout the lobby and casino and is quite pleasant. The flamingo is right across the rd from the Bellagio and Ceasers palace you cant beat the location. look no further for a cheap comfy room this hotel Rocks and has alot of history as well !!	
	Great Vegas hotel!	If you want to stay at an affordable, nice hotel on the Strip, then this hotel is the perfect choice. Across the street from the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace, it is at a prime location. It was rather quiet in the hallways, so it is family-friendly as well. The hotel room is clean and the service is very good. There are some nice restaurants to choose from, and Margaritaville is connected. Staff is helpful when you need to find a cab or get directions to walk. I didn't gamble, but there is a casino on the ground floor, of course.	
	Upgrade to "Go"	Just got back from vegas where we stayed at The Flamingo. Don't know what the delux rooms are like, but for the small fee they charge for the upgrade, go for it.Had 2 slight problems the first night that were dealt with within 20 minutes. had a slight problem with the phone the second night,waited abit, but it got dealt with. Manegement was more that happy to address the issue upon check-out. the staff in general were great, except fot the gals on the floor, who never once appeared while we were &quot;spending money&quot;. Whats up with that?? I still would recommend this hotel. The gift shop was abit pricey, but most places are...better off to go outside. Did not find the restarant all that bad, both food wise and price wise.The &quot;burger joint&quot; ...YUM!!!! Another point I would like tp point out, the hotel was not all that noisy, which surprised both my husband and myself, and I know the hotel was full.	
	Great location and very comfortable	It's in a very central location, close to everything and this is vital when travelling. The price was only $50 a night during the week and $265 on weekend nights. Two king beds in the room were really comfy, it was quiet and clean. No fridge or coffee maker but this is standard, several ice machines on each floor. The conceirge is a waste of space, we dealt with three of them and they had no idea about the duece bus or anything we asked.It seemed an enormous hotel to me but nothing by Vegas standards, the restaurants are great, Internet is expensive but everything is in Las Vegas. It was a very satisfactory experience and I would definately stay here again and have been advising my friends to stay here also.	
	NEVER stay here!!	I work in the hotel industry in Canada and I don't consider myself too picky but the conditions of this hotel were atrocious. We checked into our rooms(there was 3 of us so we had 2) and when the bathroom was used in one we noticed a strange smell in the bathroom. We soon realized that when the tap of the bathroom sink was used a stronge odour of raw sewage would come out of the drain. We went down to change rooms and were given keys to a room that had ripped sheets on the bed and hair in the tub. We went down again and were offered an upgrade at 50% off the regular price of the upgrade. We declined and were given a $30 meal voucher instead. We checked the new room and found more hair in th tub and &quot;Escort&quot; fliers under the bed. We had had enough of this and requested to speak with a manager. The manager finally approved an upgrade but then informed us that &quot;The room is newly renovated but that is no guarantee that it's clean.&quot; (direct quote!). Well he was right but we were tired of moving around so we kept the room with rusty marble and clothing tags from previous guests on the floor! The state of the halls weren't much better. There was always room service dishes and glasses stacked in the halls. The wall paper was peeled off the wall in 4 foot sections and just laying on the floor. The elevators had spit and other unidentifiable liquids on the walls.Over all this hotel failed in every way except for the location.	
	GO Room = Comfy stay	I visit Vegas 2-3 times a year, and have stayed in several different places. I decided to stay at the Flamingo for its price and great location on the strip. My first night I stayed in a Deluxe room (which is their standard room) and was not impressed at all. Dirty room, poor bedding, and a very slow draining bathtub. Nothing wrong with the room, but if you go for the Deluxe room, expect Motel 6 quality.However, after moving to a GO Room for the remainder of my stay, it was like I was in a completely different property. These rooms, which are still very affordable, are AWESOME! Hip, modern, comfortable, and lots of extra features make the GO Room a must have if you stay at the Flamingo.The beds were extremely comfortable, you get a 42&quot; plasma TV, a large stereo system with iPod docking station. The bathrooms are equipped with an LCD TV built into the mirror, and has a duel headed shower. The room even has automatic window treatments. (very cool!) I even was impressed that the room came with a mini-fridge and coffee maker, which are rare finds in hotel rooms nowadays!All in all, the Flamingo might be a bit outdated, but if you stay in a GO Room, you will not regret it. **Some extra info: The staff was amazingly friendly, but unimpressed with what the casino had to offer.	
	Not worth staying at any price	My husband and I just returned from a two night stay at the Flamingo. Believe me when I say I'm not a clean freak, but I was totally grossed out by the condition this hotel is in. Everything was run-down and dirty. The bedding was pathetic and I recommend you bring your own blanket (I'm not kidding) if you must stay there.	
	Time Travel Back to the 1970's	We've stayed in different hotels in Las Vegas and I must say, while I enjoyed my stay, I did not enjoy the hotel room. It was like walking back in time to the 1970's and I'm quite certain it hadn't been cleaned since then. The carpet was filthy, (I refused to walk on it without shoes or socks) the bathroom was gross and my favorite part were the orange chairs with the fabric worn away on the seats. There were odd colored stains on the curtains, carpet and walls too! In the bathroom, the lamps didn't have lamp shades so you were able to stare at the bright light. The beds felt like you were constantly leaning and the sheets were stiff and uncomfortable. However, our view of the Strip was spectacular, so I can't complain about that. And how often are you in the room anyway? If you can put up with the strange smell, weird stains and gross carpet, then you will be just fine because it's location is great and the prices were reasonable for the time of year. You are very close to all major hotels on the Strip and are within walking distance of most. The hotel lobby and casino are great. It's big and spacious and the Habitat is great to just meander through on a nice day. I enjoyed being at the Flamingo, but not in the rooms.	
	It couldnt have been better	We arrived on the strip having managed to secure a &quot;lift&quot; with one of the tour operator's busses. We shouldnt have been on the bus and the driver didnt think she could fit us in but came and found us in the taxi queue. She charged us $13 to take us to our hotel. She was fantastic - Brandy her name was if you ever come across her. So back to the strip we dropped of other travellers at the Monte Carlo, New York New York, Bellagio, Cesar's Palace and then to our hotel the Flamingo which appeared to be nothing in comparison to the other's we'd seen. Trying to hide my disppointment to my mother stating that at least it was central. Well the hotel was magnificant - yes it was smaller than the others and it didnt appear to be as grand but it was lovely. The staff were exceptional, our room (and a basic one) was gorgeous - overlooked Cesar's palace. I said to her well if we had a front room at Cesar's palace we would never have the same view. The advantage of the smaller hotel was that it was brilliant not having to navigate through miles and miles of casinos we got to know a few of the staff. Las Vegas is just fantastic! Im currently trying to find another trip to go back!Jimmy Buffet's was also a great place for food and drinks! This is part of the hotel.	
	Nice for the price	Ionly have to say that the Buffet service was kind of poor, variety was there but COLD food, when we contacted the person in charged gave us an attitude saying it was not cold, how can she say that when she is not the one eating? Waited long time to get someone's attention, they were not concerned since it was already paid for.Next day we tried the cafeteria, and prices are a little too high for breakfast, found better deals outside the hotel. Gift Shop is also over priced, someone should go out and compare prices.	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent Couldnt Fault It	This hotel was amazing. Having never been to Vegas before, I was amazed by the cheap prices and how many options there where for accommodation. I ended up booking a GO room at the Flamingo for 2 nights... and it was incredible. For $70 per night the room was huge, clean, and comfortable. I didn't spend a lot of time in the room as I was only there for a short stay, but I would have happily hung out there for longer had I had the time. The staff where friendly, and check-in was very quick (maybe cause i checked in at 1am!) When I checked out the next morning (using the express check-out) there was a long line for check-in... but this seems the norm in Vegas. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a reasonably priced room in Vegas.	
Nov 24 2009 	An upgrade to the GO Suite is a must!	We were supposed to have been upgraded to one of the GO Suites for our conference, but that didn't happen until the second night, and what a difference it made! The normal room was very depressing, boxy, not too impressive at all. Probably one or two stars.The GO Suite was a complete turn around. Kind of different look all together, but it really works. I would do it again, but only the GO Suite. I was impressed. Unfortunately both of my rooms overlooked a roof and not the strip. Friends overlooked the Bellagio water show, which would have been extra cool.	
Nov 24 2009 	Filthy hellhole	Checked in friday night, in hurry to meet up with friends. next day discovered taco chips and used CONDOM wrappers under bed, pubic hairs all over bathroom from previous guests. greasy stains on windows. paid maid extra to actually have a clean room. Elevators were disgusting with what appeared to be dried spit gobs stuck to the doors and control panels. In our three days there, never saw any evidence that this had been cleaned up.this place is a complete dump catering to the younger crowd who could be seen wandering the casino [--] faced carrying 12 packs of bud. no one seemed to care. apparently harrahs plans to milk as much money out of this craphole before it gets imploded sometime in the near future.there must be a hundred better hotels within a mile radius of this joint. Avoid this place at all costs.	
Nov 23 2009 	Flamingo is GO!	Look - let's be fair. The Flamingo is showing its age and needs a renovation. But in terms of its location and value for dollar it cannot be beaten! We stayed in one of the Luxury GO Rooms overlooking the strip and it was fabulous. It had a few faults but really is a trendy room and very comfortable. Would highly recommend these rooms to anyone. The hotel needs to pay more attention to maintenance as not only did the room have some faults (which caused us to shift rooms upon check-in) but in and around the casino itself we noticed a range of things. Most of the staff we interacted with were friendly and helpful. We stayed for five nights and did have to call for our room to be serviced twice and it was not always serviced very well. Food and bar offers were okay and fulfilled our needs although breakfast at an average of $12 or $13 was on the high side. Having said that the food was good.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Location	This was our first trip to Vegas and were advised this was a good hotel to stay in as it was in the middle of the strip. We upgraded to a GO room when we arrived and were given a few options as to floors and views. We chose a room on the front with a view of the strip. Room was modern with a plasma TV, stereo and super comfortable bed, also had a safe and fridge. Staff was very friendly and the bar at the casino had the best price for a glass of wine in Vegas. We had our last dinner at the buffet which was excellent. Lots of fresh seafood and a lobster bisque that was delicious. Portions at the Cafe just before the buffet are huge. After we ordered our meal we noticed other couples were sharing sandwiches which would have been plenty for us. My cobb salad would have served four. All in all it was a good hotel to stay in if you are looking for a reasonable price and good location.	
Nov 21 2009 	Delayed coming home	Me and my friend were trying to get back to boston from San Fran when a huge snow storm hit the east coast we were stuck so instead of being stuck in San Fran (love the city but wanted to go home) we decided to hit up vegas and stayed at the Flamingo wow for one of the oldschool hotels it was def swank. when we tried to see if we could get on a flight the front desk told us if we had to come back they would not check us out and we could come back and sleep needless to say thats what happened. Did I like the hotel yes would i stay again yes.	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice Older Hotel	My grown daughter and I spent 3 nights in the Flamingo and had a very nice experience. Check-in was a breeze and our room was available on our early arrival. It was a GO room and we found it to be very clean. Staff was very nice. Box Office printed our boarding pass for $5. No, it is not the Venetian, but we did not pay Venetian prices either. Everything in Vegas is expensive so be prepared to overpay for everything that you do. The location is great and close to most everything. We would stay here again. Be sure to ride the Duece downtown to the Freemont Experience. Loved it !	
Nov 20 2009 	girls weekend	awesome pools, great people - have been back twice since... very laid back	
Nov 20 2009 	NIce Place	My Brother and I stay in a standard room from November 14th through the 17th. We arrived to the hotel around 1100 am. There was a small line checking in and it went well. We were greeted by a friendly front desk clerk who was bery helpful. We were given a room on the 10th floor and were able to go to it immediately after check in. The first thing that I noticed was the floor to ceiling window overlooking the tropical pool area, a very nice view. Our room was nice beds were very comfortable with a pillow top like bedding to sleep on. The bathroom was clean and operated the way it should (I saw some complaints of mold in the bathroom on this site from the past and was concerned. I did not find any). The carpeting was older and tired looking but not a concern for our purposes. The entire room was clean and all things in the room worked fine. We had a nice breakfast each morning at the cafe in the hotel. The portions were large and tasty (I can be a big eater and it was enough for me). I found all the staff to be friendly and accomodating. All in all it wsa a really nice experience spending time with my Bro and 2 other friends that stayed in a different hotel. Looking forward to a return trip.	
Nov 19 2009 	Wonderful hotel	I have been reading a lot of bad reviews about the Flamingo Hotel, so I thought I'd put in my two sense. I have been going to Vegas for quite some time now - this last trip was my 6th stay at the Flamingo. I have never experienced any of the bad stuff that people write in their reviews. First off our room has always been clean - we have stayed in the regular rooms and the Go Room. I have also travelled with other people as well and there rooms were clean and in working order as well. Yes the regular rooms are outdated, but I think that is part of the old school Las Vegas charm. Yes the carpet does have stains on it, but do you know how many drunk and disorderly people there are in Vegas, of course things are going to get spilled, it doesn't mean they didn't clean the carpets, have a party in your living room every day of the year and see how your carpets look. The pool area is very beautiful, it is by far my favorite pool area in Las Vegas. The first few times in Vegas, the pool was packed and they let everyone and anyone into the pool area. The last 3 times we were there, they asked to see each of our room keys to gain access to the pool area and looked through our bags to ensure no glass bottles were being brought into the pool area. It took a little while, but we were able to find 3 lounge chairs together and it was a Saturday on September long weekend. We don't have a lot of experience with the restaurants on site, but the Tropical Breeze makes a mean breakfast, we eat there every morning before starting our day. The check in lines can be a long wait especially in the morning, as they devote most of the staff to the check out lines, so most times, we check our baggage and go shopping and return around 4 or 5 and the lines are never long at that time. I like the penny slots at the Flamingo and the drink service was satisfactory, personally I like playing the slots at Ceasar's or Imperial Palace, both part of Total Rewards. Total Rewards was the best thing we did, we aren't big gamblers, but play enough that we usually get a couple hundred dollars knocked off our bill at the end of our trip. We also now get all kinds of offers for free rooms and meals. All in all this is a very wonderful hotel, we plan to return many times in the future. We are also getting married at the Flamingo in the Spring.	
Nov 19 2009 	What can I say? Find something else! Dirty and disgusting!!!!	Checking in was a nightmare! So very slow and forget about customer service, it just doesn't happen here! When booking we had requested rooms on the same floor with a strip view and non-smoking as some of us have extreme allergies to smoke.........well were given rooms on the 4th floor, 17th floor and 24th floor and we were assured they were all non smoking..... only one was. We were told that's the best they could do and that was it! Even after speaking to Arthur, the evening manager, we got nowhere! Basically, he told us that they keep their nicer room for their high rollers!!!! As soon as we entered our room we noticed the overpowering smell of cigarettes and how dirty the room was........dust everywhere and the carpet was filthy and had not been vacuumed for a very long time!!!! We phoned front desk to let them know but we were ignored........after 3 days of asking the front desk we asked the maid directly and she took care of it! Our Movie channell never worked the whole time we were there! This hotel is in bad need of an update, the front desk staff and cleaning staff need more help, and for sure new vacuum cleaners!....	
Nov 19 2009 	location location location	The location was perfect ...the room service breakfasts were amazing... and the chambermaids were wonderful.	
Nov 19 2009 	Never would stay again	After staying at Harrah's properties the last 5 years mainly Bally's we decided to try the Flamingo. 1st room we entered the bathroom was not cleaned from previous guests. Called and was immediatly changed to another room supposedly upgraded. Entered this room and while the bathroom was clean it was by far the dirtiest room I have ever stayed at in Vegas in 35 years. Stains on the carpeting in a number of places, you could measure the dust under the bed, carpeting along the walls and corners never vacuumed, tables chipped etc. Called and ask for a manager this time and his response was well it is a old hotel would you like me to send up housekeeping. I told him to forget it since I doubt if housekeeping could remove the stains and since they supposedly come everyday to the room I doubted if the cleaning job would be any better. Explained to him that we have stayed at Harrahs after switching from MGM and do know quite a number of people who visit Vegas on a regular basis as well as being total rewards members. Didn't seem to make a difference to him at all and pretty much left with the impression of take it or leave it as we sell out our rooms everyday.So I guess my simple solution is to go back to MGM properties as I am sure Harrahs wont miss us.	
Nov 19 2009 	Classic	Good hotel, lots to do and right across the road from Ceasars palace and a short walk to other main atrtraction. Very well located	
Nov 19 2009 	Good location poor service dirty and outdated	Long wait to check in, Tried four resturants qeued at them all poor service overpriced and poor quality of food. Room was a good size though out dated dirty and not cleaned properly,complained about lights not working ,Large stain on carpet broken cover to tv colax bits on floor ,mould in bathrom two floor tiles missing ,complained on 2nd day nothing done by checkout on 7th day.The only good thing is the location.	
Nov 18 2009 	Rooms need to be maintained/updated.	If you are looking for a budget room, this is the place. I had a comp for two nights this week so that is why I stayed here. The casino and retail shopping is pretty good, but the rooms are in need of some updating/maintenance. My room, 4133 has holes in the bedding sheets which was a first for me to experience in staying in a hotel. The power outlet behind the bed counter is missing the face plate and the eletrical components are exposed. Hopefully they will get that fixed.This was my 2nd stay at the Flamingo and probably my last.	
Nov 18 2009 	Loved it!!	We stayed at the Flamingo for 3 days and had a very good experience. After reading the bad reviews on here I was worried. We did upgrade to a go room. Absolutely beautiful. Nice pillow top bed, crisp clean sheets (changed everyday), great view of the fountains. We had a coffee maker in our room which saved us some money as coffee is $3.50 a cup downstairs! Liked the hotel all in all. Yes some carpet in the hotel and casino is stained but like someone else said on here people are walking around with drinks and they get spilled. Did not see any food left out in the hall, did not see any bedbugs, did not see any vomit. I would definately stay at the Flamingo again. Just make your reservation and do not worry......it is not a flee bag hotel, it's very nice.	
Nov 17 2009 	Pink and bright and light as flamingos should be.	Much better than I had expected, given this hotel was one of the original places to stay in years gone by. On arrival was struck by the overwhelming odour of coconut. Perhaps this was used to disguise the smell of cigarette smoke that I had been warned about that consumed many of the Casinos in Vegas. The staff admitted to be unaware of it when asked....personally I liked it. The lobby and foyer lead off into either the Casino or past the shops to room elevators, or in the other direction out to the car park area. A hive of activity. Plenty of staff to service what can be a very busy check-in area. After a what seemed like a 3 day hike down the pink carpeted hallway to our room, I was very pleasantly surprised to open the door to a very inviting, birght , light and airy room. Two very comfortable queen beds, desk area, individual bedside tables, plenty of cupboard space, very large bathroom with full bath, shower and basin and the highlight...the floor to ceiling windows with views over the surrounding city....we were particularly lucky to have a ringside seat to the fountains at the Bellagio.Did not eat at this hotel, but the restuarant appeared to be well frequented and overlooked the garden area where Flamingo's pranced and preened...unfortunately this was also right next to a designated smoking area !!!!...Wonderful location, with just a walk out the door , a few step up the steet and over one of the walkover bridges and you were on the Strip...not far from Paris, Bellagio and Ceasars....and out the back door you had easy access to the Flamingo station for the Monorail which can take you from one end of town to the next. My first visit to Vegas.....looking forward to returning to explore further.....	
Nov 16 2009 	DUSTDUSTDUST	Room 10079 Dust build-up on pictures,and mirrors, bath light fixtures &amp; hair dryer. Outdated filthy lamp shades on bath light fixtures. Bath cabinets need replacing or mega cleaning. Carpets old &amp; dirty. We found clothing from previous occupants among the draperies. Paid a $40 mandatory resort fee for ????. WILL NOT STAY HERE AGAIN.	
Nov 16 2009 	I don't know what else you could ask for...	I just returned from 4 days at the Flamingo. I am a bit of a clean freak, so after reading these reviews I was pretty nervous. However, my fears were completely unfounded.We chose not to upgrade to the GO room at check in and hoped for the best. Our room was definitely not updated in the past few years, but was very clean. We did have a problem with the heat. Our room was freezing and no matter how we adjusted the thermostat it just blew freezing air, and we were immediately upgraded to a mini suite by management. I do have to say - we were offered a mini-suite upgrade for $20 a night at check-in and declined. I wouldn't recommend the upgrade unless it's free. It's just bigger, it's has no additional amenities from the standard rooms. And there's no t.v. in the bedroom area.Every staff member we encountered was very professional, courteous and accomodating - especially the room service. Overall, I found the flamingo to be a fantastic value for the money. We really didn't spend much time in our room (you know...because you're in las vegas...) so I'm not sure what all the complaints I read were about. We will definitely be back. I would like a GO room when we go again - just for a different experience. However, it's definitely not a necessity for a clean room as the other reviews make it sound. And most of them are the furthest from the elevators :)	
Nov 15 2009 	use this review if you want a great hotel for the value	After booking my trip to Vegas, I was a lil hesitant after reading some of the reviews. You have people complaining about the carpet and the distance to the elevator or even the check in times. These people have nothing better to do but complain.I took a taxi from the airport which was $15 for the four of us. We got to the hotel and were 3rd in line for check in. staff were awesome and friendly. We received our GO ROOM(which is a must). It was on the 26th floor overlooknig the strip!! perfect! There were I think 12 elevators that you never had to wait for. Yes the rugs were stained but you can smoke and drink anywhere there is carpet so what do you expect? ITs VEGAS!! hotel was very nice. Get the rewards card if you are staying as you collect points and at the end you can redeem at the gift shop for memories of your stay. I had $35 after 3 days and bought all my gifts for friends for free!DONT LISTEN TO ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS. IF YOU WANT COMPLETE 5 STAR THEN GO TO A FIVE STAR! IF YOU ENJOY A GOOD TIME AND A NORMAL HOTEL THEN THE FLAMINGO IS THE PLACE IN THE CENTER OF IT ALL.. My only negative would be Margaritaville, it is very loud and pretty tacky. It feels like they are trying so hard to be differnt but differnt like the kid that always go beat up in school differnt. I am 34 years old and was shaking my head at the place. just a heads up	
Nov 15 2009 	Fun	Excellent hotel and casino. Good food and service. It's in the middle of the strip so it is easy to access any place on the strip	
Nov 14 2009 	Stay Away	Just returned today from a four day business/pleasure trip to Las Vegas. About the hotel.. Pro: The hotel has a great location. The public area is nicely redone and freshly painted. Ceasars Palace is across the street. The room rate was very reasonable. The room was clean. The beds were comfortable. Con: To list a few...the room was really worn and tired looking. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls everywhere. The window wall had not been clean in a long time. There were hand prints from previous users all over the glass. The carpet was worn, stained and ripped. The bathroom was a mess of amateur repair work to the walls; cracked and stained floor tile, chipped vanity A crack in the sink. old TV, chipped bargain basement furniture etc. The sheets were so worn that there were tears and holes in the sheets on both beds. The worst offense was when we tried to get into the shower and there was no hot water. Called down to the main desk to get a solution and the person on the phone said there was no hot water because everyone was using the water at the same time.. Stay away unless all you want is a place to flop on the cheap..	
Nov 14 2009 	Suitable destination Hotel	Stayed monday thru friday 11/10-13, Room upgraded to king stripview, room was finesome bumps in carpet but who cares just sleeping here.Do rooms needed- sure ,is hotel older- sure, but this is a good hotel given positionon the strip. If people want Bellagio quality stay there not the Flamingo.check in easy, express checked out bell staff was great.	
Nov 14 2009 	With all the great deals in Vegas nowadays stay elsewhere	I recently stayed there for five days with my extended family, including two elderly people. We were looking for a fun holiday and had contacted this hotel directly receiving great rates and promise of some nice rooms. Told reservationists about the limitations of the older guests and was told they would be well looked after.Upon arrival, no such thing existed. Waited about 30 minutes to check in. I seem to know more about the hotel than our front desk clerk. He wanted to put us first in a handicap room and told us neither of the rooms would have any view whatsoever. That is how the encountered started. We said our biggest concern was two have the elderly guests near an elevator. We had mentioned that to both the reservationist and the front desk clerk. I stay in hotels over 100 nights a year and have never stayed as far away from the elevator as our original rooms were. The front desk agent was right about one thing: the view was horrible. That wouldn't have been okay, if the room wasn't filthy, dingy and dark. The in room phone did not work. I had to call the front desk on my cell phone. There were black marks over the wall. The bathroom contained no soap or shampoo. The room was non-smoking, but wreaked of smoke. The next day, after several calls, we were moved. The new rooms were clean and located near an elevator. The manager we finally dealt with was professional and kind. All the other employees we dealt could have cared less. And with each call, we had to start the entire story again.The second room was smaller, but clean. Our TV remote didn't work; the room had only one working outlet and very little light. At least you could see out of these windows. The second room had been removed since the first rooms. Of the four rooms were were in during our week, we never saw a &quot;deluxe room&quot; that looked like the one pictured on the hotel website.Ate at two restaurants while there: both were fine. Service was good, but the food was pretty bland. The casino is cramped; one of the waitress scolded one of our guests. She was waiting for someone to come and get her winnings out of a broken slot machine. She asked the waitress for a drink and was told &quot;you need to put some money in first&quot;With all the great deals going on in Las Vegas right now, I would not make this same mistake again. I was seduced by a friendly reservationist promising nice rooms, great service and a low rate. I only got the low rate. I wish I would have shopped around more and had a much better time. Can't imagine ever going back to the Flamingo.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great Food Beautiful Gardens and The Centre of it All!!!!!	This was our first time in Las Vegas (Honeymoon). We both loved the Flamingo for its history and old school charm. All the other casinos that we went into all felt the same even though they were also beautiful. Thanks for a wonderful trip, we will be back in July 2010.	
Nov 11 2009 	Go with the Go rooms then forget the negative reviews	Just got back from 4 nights in Vegas. Upgraded to a Go room before we left because of negative reviews of the Deluxe rooms. Very pleased with our decision. Didn't pay extra for a view but we still could see the Bellagio Fountains and our friends had a view of the gardens. Rooms clean, not huge but big enough. Bathroom a little crowded when 2 people were in it otherwise fine. Beds comfortable. Never heard our neighbors. Hotel was at capacity during our stay but for the most part we didn't notice. All the staff we had contact with were very nice except one security guard. Checked in at 10 pm on a Wed. and it took all of 10 min. Checked out at 7 am on a Sunday and it took all of 5 min. There is an express check out but we didn't use it and were glad we hadn't as they showed a $44 resort fee on our room that we didn't owe. There was no argument when we pointed it out they just removed it. The patio just outside The Sin City Brewery in the garden area had a fire pit and made a nice quiet spot for a final drink before heading up to bed. This was not our first time to Vegas but it was our first time to Flamingo and we were very happy. Location perfect, public areas beautiful. Elevators clean (no matter what you've read). I would definately return but would get the Go room again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Started off on the wrong foot.	Checked into the Flamingo on Monday, November 2. Waited about 15 to 20 minutes to check in, which I had expected and wasn't a big deal. Clerks at the front desk were pleasant and all seemed to be smiling. We were assigned to room 19136. When we opened the door, the smell of marijuana almost knocked us over. Not being very picky, I thought, I'll just go and grab a bottle of febreeze and it will be fine. I went to put my purse on the table and noticed a bunch of dirt and stuff on the table. It wasn't dirt, it was marijuana left all over the table. I looked down and there were used matches all over the ground. Ok, I'm not picky, but I'm not staying in a room with my three year old son that has weed all of the place and enough odor to give my whole family a contact high. As I was calling down to get a new room, my son looked under the bed and found some halloween fang teeth. He screamed bloody murder. We waited outside for our new keys and was given a room with a similar location but one floor down. That room was adequate and had the normal wear and tear you would expect out of an older hotel. It was clean and that was all I cared about at that point. It's funny now, but everytime we got on the elevator to go to our room, my son would act scared and say, &quot;We're not going back to the room with weeds and teeth are we?&quot; Other than starting off on the wrong foot, I have no other complaints about the hotel. We ate at the buffet, Margaritaville, and the pizza place by the elevators and were satisfied with all. Casino was tight, but we were so close to everything, it wasn't a big deal to play somewhere else. I have stayed at the Flamingo about a dozen times, however this will probably be the last for me. If I wanted to stay mid-strip again, for the same price (this trip was comped 5 days), I will stay at Harrah's or pay a little more to stay at Caesars. Sorry Flamingo, you have a fond place in my heart as you were the very first hotel I stayed at in Vegas, but it's time to move on. It would however be a great place for budget minded individuals who don't plan on spending a lot of time in your room and are more concered with location on the strip. The pools are also great in the summer but weren't open while we were there.	
Nov 11 2009 	Would not hesitate to stay here again.	After reading reviewsv on this hotel, I questioned myself if should upgrade to their newer rooms but decided to wait until we saw our room. Glad we did not because the deluxe room was fine. Very roomy. The room was cleaned everyday. Cannot find anything wrong with the room. Had a very enjoyable 4 night stay. Location of this hotel is excellent. Last visit stayed at Caesars and other than the room which was a more modern decor, cannot say it had anything more in it than our room at the Flamingo.	
Nov 11 2009 	good location very outdated unclean rooms	This was our third time staying here, and probably our last. The rooms are so outdated and unclean. (Hair all over the bathroom when we arrived). The only reason we choose to stay here this last time is because our room was compted for three nights. We stayed here in the summer because the pool is awesome, but other hotels have great pools and much better, cleaner rooms. We were given a room this time with a view of the strip (ask for one other times we stayed here and we were never given one). But the room was extremely loud during the night from the night life below. I would recommend staying somewhere else if the room is important to you. There are plenty of other hotels with great locations on the strip. Also everything was extra on the TV (movies etc)	
Nov 9 2009 	Very Pleased With Our Stay at Flamingo	I probably called the hotel about 3 times before our arrival, and every agent I talked to was very pleasant and helpful. After reading reviews here, we decided to upgrade to the go rooms - a very good choice for us. We arrived just before 11:00am, and with no one in line, we decided to attempt checking in. It was no problem at all, and within minutes we had 3 rooms in a row on the 20th floor!We stayed 3 nights, and no one had any complaints; the rooms were cleaned every day, and I made it a point to check the hallways for dirty dishes (after reading about it here), but never saw any. Checkout was pleasant, as well, with no hidden charges on our bill.	
Nov 9 2009 	7 nights was more than enough	The location is the best thing about the Flamingo. Our room which was a Go room was not very clean. I had read the reviews about the cleanliness but was willing to take it on merit. The light bulbs were only half working and the windows were filthy. This was our second room as the first did not contain a bath, a feature which they omitted to tell us upon check in. At the end of the stay they charged a movie to our room we did not have for $21.99. If Vegas wasn't so busy over the Halloween weekend we would have moved.  Good places to eat the Cheesecake Factory and Serendipity 3 at Caesars.	
Nov 8 2009 	Horrible service!	Arrived at the hotel at 11:00 p.m. We had reserved a regular room but were told that there were none left so we would be upgraded to a GO room... but only for the night. We were supposed to then check out of the hotel the next morning by 11 and re-check in after 3. So we went up to our room and waited for friends that were flying in later to arrive and would deal with the check/out problem when they got there. They were told the same thing we were and after numerous conversations with different people they found us each a GO room that we could stay in the the whole 4 nights. So we then had to switch rooms to a new Go room which didn't make sense. Anyway, I left my makeup bag in the original room and the next morning was told that it was not in the room, but was not allowed to look in the room. The maid said that 2 guys had stayed in the room after we left it but the lost and found manager told me she didn't know what she was talking about, needless to say my makeup was never returned. The next night our keys didn't work so we had to stand in line to get new ones. Then the next night we were called and asked to switch rooms so that a group of people could stay in our room and the one adjoining. We said NO WAY. All in all, service sucked, manager never talked to anyone with a problem, he just sat back and let the staff talk to angry customers. The GO room wasn't bad but I would never stay again because of the horrible service.	
Nov 8 2009 	Excellent location great rooms highly recommended	Stayed in a GO room, which was excellent, on 17th floor with great view of pool / wildlife habitat. Only downside to room was the frosted glass door on the bathroom, I hate that, what's wrong with a solid door?The hotel was great, perfect location, right in the middle of the action, the casino itself isn't the best, its one of the smaller ones on the strip and is looking a bit dated, but hasa great poker room and loads of 1c slots to please the small stakes punter (me).Sampled the Paradise Garden Cafe, it was over priced and not the best, but don't let that put you off...just eat elsewhere!The pool compex at the Flamingo is probably the best on the strip, loads of palm trees, flowing pool, hundreds of sun loungers.Great hotel.	
Nov 8 2009 	Insight on the Flamingo- A Must Read	This was my first trip to Vegas. While the hotel was affordable, $70.00 a night, the costs for all of the extras sure did add up. There are NO COFFEE POTS in the rooms. Coffee in the lobby costs a minimu of $3.00 a cup. Gym fees to use the work out equipment was $10.00 a day. NOTHING is free at this hotel. They charge 0.35 a minute to use the computers and $1.00 per page to print anything like a boarding pass or web page. Water is $3.00 a bottle and the cheapest meal is in the Tropical Breeze Diner for $10.00. Buffets are adequate but priced at $22.00. The pool was closed due to the month I traveled even thought the weather was in the 80's. Show tickets are 125.00 and up. Events such as Madam Tussue's museum was $25.00 and the indoor skydiving was %75.00. FIND COUPONS WHEREVER YOU CAN! You can say I have sticker shock and will not return to Vegas any time soon.	
Nov 8 2009 	Old Style Vegas	The Flamingo Hotel and Casino is simply what it says Hotel and Casino not city streets with shopping malls etc, We've been going to Vegas for several years and just love the location and service at this property. You have somewhat of a wait to get checked in but when its your turn service is superb and our updated strip view Go room was very accomodating. Overall, this is old style Vegas at its best and you dont have a hike just to get around the property. We will visit again.	
Nov 7 2009	Flamingo fit the bill again!	We have just returned from our almost annual Mother daughter Vegas adventure. I received a comped room for five nights. When we got to the check in desk there were only three people ahead of us ( Sunday afternoon at 2:30). We were offered and accepted the $25.00/night upgrade to a Go room. I am glad we did, the room was great and the coffee and fridge alone saved us at least $10.00 to $15.00 per day. There were a few small issues, like no regular coffee, our safe didn't work, and a lot of dust, but a quick phone call or a note solved these problems, very quickly and in a very firendly manner. My neat freak Mom did not think the room was clean enough, but I thought it to be fine. I did not like the fact that the outside windows were so dirty, though our view was great!We had almost every breakfast at Ellis Island, great value. We walked back and forth to the Orleans three days in a row, we both won a Royal Flush at the Orleans, hence the reason for the return trips!We saw the show Human Nature, bough the tickets ahead on Goldstar, LOVED the show, great time had by all and for all ages.Drink service was very prompt at the Flamingo, we were playing nickel Video poker close to the door on the Bill's side and the waitresses came around very frequently.We went to the pool a couple of times, the main pool is now closed, the adult one is open but there were lots of loungers around the main pool. You have to go early to get any sun, due to the tall bulidings and the angle of the sun at this time of year.My Mom treated us to a couples massage in the Spa. Great time, if you can request Jeff, you should, one of the best massages I have ever had. Very good service in the spa, the facility is older of coourse, but very clean and very relaxing.Overall we had a great time, the service was great, and I am glad we upgraded to the Go room. To be fair, I didn't see one of the regular rooms to compare, but as I mentioned the coffee pot and the fridge make it worthwhile.Back to reality and to start planning our next adventure.	
Nov 7 2009 	Good overall Value	Originally booked a regular room but paid for an upgrade. Pleased we did as we overlooked the Strip. Although the room was spacious, the cleaning was not always as desired and we had to request the coffee, etc on 2 occasions, but overall were very satisfied with the room and location.	
Nov 5 2009 	What a dive	All I have to say about this hotel is that it is a total dive. I have stayed at many hotels on the strip and this is one of the worst. Where do I start? At check in they try to get you to upgrade to one of their newly renovated &quot;Go&quot; rooms. What they don't tell you is that these are the only clean rooms in the hotel. There was mold growing in the shower. The carpets were absoulutely filthy, many black stains through out. Lamp shades were cracked and falling apart. Found long black hair in the bed, no black hair in my party! The service was horrible at this hotel. Most of the people working here couldn't care about making the guests feel comfortable. Asked for a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign and was told by house keeping that management would not get them new ones. We had to put a hand written &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; note on the door and house keeping still walked in without knocking. We were told by one employee that they weren't sure how much longer the Flamingo would be open. This may be the reason!!!	
Nov 4 2009 	Whoever said orange is the new pink is seriously disturbed...until they stayed at the Flamingo!	If you don't like pink and you like to have a toilet that flushes, don't stay here! If you want to stay in their technology GO room and want to expect free internet and a variety of tv channels because you're thinking you're staying in the technology GO room, don't stay here! If you want to pay for EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE amenities then this is the place for you!! Orange may not be the new pink, but it is definitely better than a 1970's updo. The beauty queen drop out got hired to work here for sure...oh, and orange is part of the detailing in the hot pink bathroom. Cheers!	
Nov 4 2009 	A really good hotel	Stayed there for 4 days. It was my first Las Vegas trip. Everything, really everything was ok. Can`t wait to come back next year. My favourite location there was the bar directly at the strip. Good beer and the best of people-viewing.	
Nov 4 2009 	Viva Las Vegas!	This was our 7th trip to Las Vegas in 10 years and our second time staying at the Flamingo. What I love the best about the Flamingo is the LOCATION! Right across the street is Ceasers, next to Ceasers is the Bellagio. On the same side of the strip as the Flamingo you have Bally's &amp; Paris and to the right you have the Imperial Palace and Harrah's. No need to rent a car because of all there is to do right there! The Flamingo is a very busy hotel. There was always a line at check in/check out no matter what time of day we saw it. We did have to wait a short time when we did check in but it wasn't a problem. I had reserved a regular room but we upgraded to a GO room for an additional $25 per night. Our room was ready and it was on the 19th floor with a great strip view of Ceasers directly across from us and we could see the Bellagio fountains. We felt the room was ok. They are renovated rooms but I did feel they were already showing signs of wear and tear. There were several stains in the carpet. The room was otherwise very clean. It has a huge tv, closet with a safe, alarm clock, refrigerator, coffee maker, and a very comfortable bed with crisp white sheets and a white patent leather headboard. The bathroom had a glass shower and there is a tv in the mirror. My husband thought that was very cool. The door to the bathroom is a sliding frosted glass door. For me and my husband it was fine but I didn't feel it provided much privacy if you were there with friends or aquaintances. The Flamingo's pool area is beautiful, unfortunately it wasn't pool weather while we were there. The casino is nice but we prefer to walk down to the Imperial Palace to gamble. You can always find a $5 table there and the casino is always lively and drink service is good. (very important) We did see a show while there. It was The Jersey Boys at the Palazzo and its a FANTASTIC show!!!! Our last night in Las Vegas we went to Al Dente's at Bally's. It's an italian restaurant and extremely good! They have a deal where you get a salad, entree and desert for $19.99. Add a beer and a vodka martini to that while listening to Dean Martin and other Italian songs and you have a great way to end a vacation.	
Nov 4 2009 	NEVER AGAIN	this was the worst experience staying in this hotel. From check in , that took at least 45 minutes or more to the smell of our entire floor. From the second we stepped off the elevator the whole floor smelled like trash and throw up, and dispite the ton of carpet freshener they where pouring on the floors it stunk! Our room was disgusting, my family and i wouldnt imagine taking off our shoes because the capret was stained and nasty looking! The window looking out of our room was filthy. I actually got married at the flamingo on oct 24th and that was beautiful! Get this! On check out day we were making sure we didnt forget anything and checked under the beds, and under one of them was a moldy lemon!!!!!! I thought to take it to check out desk, but i knew id be in line for 45 minutes AGAIN holding, on top of all our luggage and kids, a MOLDY LEMON! forget it, we just wanted outta there. I most definetaly wouldnt stay again or recommend this hotel to ANYONE! All my family and friends that attended the wedding heard my story and are disgusted, and we are all frequent vegas visiters and have stayed at different places, no place liek this though!!!!DISGUSTED BY THE ROOMS HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location but property needs a lot of work	I've just returned from a trip to Vegas with a friend and while we considered the hotel to be a pretty good value for its prime strip location, we were a little put off by the subpar upkeep of the property. This is one of the older resorts on the Strip so we weren't surprised to find that the decor felt a little dated (even though they've done some revamping in recent years). We were, however, a little surprised by the state of our Go Room, which are fairly new additions to resort. About half of the light bulbs in both the bedroom and the bathroom were burned out, the ipod connection on the CD player (one of the features the resort highlights about the room) was jammed and inoperable, the door was in dire need of a better coat of paint, the bed linens looked ragged, and in the &quot;Elevator&quot; sign in the hallway had its V ripped off. Not only that, our room wasn't as clean as it should have been. As far as we could tell, the only things that had likely been done between us and the previous guests were that the beds were made. The bathtub was a little dirty and the tops of the desk and night stand had watermarks and something crusty on them like someone had spilled their drink and let it dry. Things weren't so dirty it was gross, but combined with the wear on the room furnishings and the burned out lightbulbs (we counted at least 11 that were out!) it was clear that room maintenance is night high up on the resort's list of priorities. The walls of the rooms were rather thin too, but that's another issue.But onto the nice things about this resort. Despite some of the obvious wear on the furnishings, we adored the decor of our Go! Room. Very fun in a sort of fabulously tacky way that looks both retro and modern. The pool area is gorgeous and lush. The beds were very comfortable and its position on both the strip and the monorail line make this resort hard to beat for the price. The monorail gate was a really short stroll from the elevators we took up to our room so reaching resorts up and down the strip was easy and the Flamingo is right across the street from Caesars Palace and very near both the Bellagio and Paris. We love this area of the strip, but both CP and the Bellagio are a little out of our budget. The Flamingo makes a good home base for our budget, as while we're not too terribly impressed with the shopping and dining options there, it's just a short walk from lots of great upscale dining and shopping opportunities.Would I stay here again? Probably, just because there never seems to be great rates on the more luxurious Strip properties in this area when we choose to go. But I'd only recommend it to others with a big list of caveats as I'm not too enthusiastic about this property for its own sake.	
Nov 3 2009	Ups and Downs	I was married at the Flamingo Hotel in May of this year. I have mixed feeling about the flamingo after our stay. We stayed at the hotel from Wed-Sun. Our wedding was on Friday. Overall, I felt our room was clean, nice, bigger than I was expecting and it had a view of the bellagio fountains. We stayed in one of their &quot;go&quot; mini suites. I enjoyed our room. Most of our friends and family also booked their rooms at the Flamingo and some had &quot;Go&quot; rooms while others had the regular rooms. I have to state that I like the GO rooms better but that the regular rooms are clean and are overall a good value if you want to go a little cheaper on the room. I was disappointed with the check in process. Many of friends/family requested to stay on the same floor as us and hardly any of the requests were honored. Also, one of our guests came in pretty late in the evening and were given a room with a murphy bed (um, didn't know they made those anymore let alone let people stay in them). The flamingo told our guest that if they didn't want the murphy bed room, they would be able to stay next door. My friends just made the best of the murphy bed. Overall, our experience with the Flamingo's Chapel was pretty good. The only drawback was that during our ceremony, the pool was still very active and only stopped their music for 10 minues... so for the last few minutes of the ceremony loud music was playing. You could still hear our ceremony though over the speakers so that was good. We rented a cabana the next day at the pool for our guests to drop in and hang out if they wanted. This was great and I'm glad we had the cabana. Our attendent was very nice and I feel the Flamingo pool is one of the better pools in vegas. Overall, our wedding weekend went well and we really didn't encounter too many problems aside from the checking in problem.	
Nov 3 2009 	Enjoyable Birthday Trip	Stayed at the Flamingo for my 50th birthday and had a great time. Was upgraded to a mini suite, sitting area with tv, bedroom had an archway to enter. Soft king bed, room cleaned and serviced every day. Maid was very nice and polite. Check in/out went very smooth, no delays, and I've had delays before here. People at the counter were very nice and polite. Ate at the buffet many times, food was very good, no complaints but 1. Was hoping for a piece of cake on my birthday but the only cake at the buffet was pineaple upside down cake. Was hoping for chocolate, yellow, or white cake. Tropical gardens stroll after eating is a good way to digest the great buffet. Slots and 3 card poker tables were tight, but the Elvis impersonater that is the pit boss on the table games at the entrance nearest Bill's is very good and keeps the table atmosphere very friendly. I have stayed at the Flamingo many times in the past and have never had a disgruntle employee complain to me, everyone has been very helpfull and polite. Duece stop outside the hotel is a great way to see Vegas and get to Freemont Street for the day. Hotel has very easy access to the strip, I take a morning walk up and down the strip and feel very safe in doing so. I am looking forward to my next trip and will try again to book the Flamingo.	
Nov 3 2009 	Good location outdated old cold pastaloud casino	The Flamingo is a great location for walking anywhere on the strip and catching the bus to downtown . Never saw anyone winning at the Harrah casino's. Rooms, hallways, bathrooms really need to be updated. Our room was clean but barely. The rooms are larger than the TI where we normally stay but the same cracker crumbs from the previous guest remained throughout out stay. The Breezes served cold pasta. When I asked for the Manager he did have it reheated........20 minutes later. The casino was very loud in some areas. We never saw a cocktail waitress on Sat. night so we went next door to Bill's. Best deal for us was the Ellis Island Rest. that we had read about. I would probably go back to TI but they are under new ownership so who knows. Pool was closed when they said it would be open until the end of Oct.	
Nov 3 2009 	Thank You Flamingo	This is the third time this year that we have stayed at the FLAMINGO. All I have to say is every stay is getting better. Upon check in on the 19th of October we didn't arrive until11 PM and I was thinking we would be stuck in some room in the south forty but to my surprise the front desk girl found us a non smoking room with a strip view. Since our room was comped she said it would be 10 dollars a day I said o.k. and thought nothing of it. I would have to say that the room was clean and tidy. The housekeeping was there every day and cleaned the room. I have heard all these horror stories about the joint and all i can say is we have never been treated bad. Then upon check out is front desk girl by the name of Suzan said there is no charge for the up grade to a strip view room. So in closing I will give thumbs up to the FLAMINGO and its staff. We also will be staying here again in Feb. of 2010.	
Nov 3 2009	Very disappointed	Upon arriving they put us in a filthy, old, moldy room. After haggling, as we were with Westjet holidays and was to be a king size, non smoking delux room (which we paid for) we had to settle for an additional $25.00/night for a Go Room. The Go Room was amazing and the service was clean and nice. Management didn't seem to be concerned as they were holding the &quot;Trump&quot; card. Upon talking with other people in the hotel I was surprised that they were subjected to somewhat the same service. Be cautious with this hotel	
Nov 3 2009	Very disappointed	The room was way too expensive for what it was. The carpet was nasty, the shower curtain was filthy, I cringed every shower. The ac did not work, the hair dryer filled the whole room with thick smoke. I was surprised the smoke alarm didn't go off, assume it wasn't working either.Some of the outlets didn't work either. Lucky my husband wasn't there, he is a licensed electrical inspector. Dining &amp; room service were very nice, but I feel like $760.00 (approx.) was an awful ot for a death trap. Yes, we could have complained, but my friend came down with the flu first night, so we never left the room one day, next day was fine 'til evening when I stubbed toe on a little skirted chair &amp; to my dismay it is broken. Made the rest of the trip a bummer. No that was no ones fault but mine, but feeling bad did nothing to help overlook the above. &amp; $20.00 more a night for a view was ridiculous when we asked for a smoking room &amp; we were sent one floor down &amp; we were put in a room exactly below the first. Same view.Sorry it just wasn't worth that kind of dough, will not stay there next trip.	
Nov 2 2009 	What a pleasant surprise !!!	Friendly ( but bit overworked) check in staff. Got lots of free coupons&amp;vouchers and up graded room for Go-room ( only 30USD / n ) which was a well worth it. Asked for a room with good views and could see Eiffel tower and Bellagio Fountains in the same time from my bed...fabulous. Hotel by itself is old ( nearly the oldest ) but still chic old lady, newly refurbished go-rooms are very spacious, bright and modern, room service very efficient and fast. concierge great too. Bathroom has TV in the mirror ( funny ) and shower has a water massage. And what's most important hotel is in the middle of everything !!! no where is too far from Flamingo, great shopping and dining on your doorstep. Swimming pool is very nice too, just could be a bit more cleaner. Buffet is so-so, ( much better and same price&amp; unlimited drinks) is in Bellagio cross the road. Had have a great time stying in Flamingo and defintelly will go back soon, you should too...Vegas is great!!!	
Nov 1 2009 	Loved it! Convenient Comfortable and Beautiful!	Stayed 5 nights at the Flamingo, and would definitely stay again. The location is very accessible to everything on the strip...we could walk everywhere and not have to rely on buses or the monorail. Stayed in a GO room and found it to be bright and clean, with modern decor, and a very comfortable bed. Plenty of room too. My husband loved the big flat screen TV. The pool area is lovely, although very shady at this time of year.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Trip Highly recommend!!!!!	We arrived on Wednesday afternoon. It took maybe 5 minutes to check in. We upgraded to a Go room. We were in Vegas to get married and were staying for 5 days. Staff was professional and very helpful. Resturants in the Flamingo were top notch. The location is perfect for walking on the strip. You can't get a better location. I will stay here gain on our next trip!!	
Oct 31 2009 	The Go rooms were clean modern and well kept exactly like the picture.	The view of the strip was fantastic especially at night. Was on 17th floor and it was peaceful. Having the coffee pot in your room saved you time and money. A small cup of coffee is $2.98 plus tax. The Pool area was unique but had to be there before 10 to get a lounge. I can't imagine what the hotel does in the real warm weather regarding the usage of the lounge chairs. Overall a great time and experience at the Flamingo. Perfect spot and would definetely stay there again.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great Value!	We chose Flamingo at the very last minute due to some changes in travel plan. It turned out to be a great experience!Check in and check out were done speedily. Room was pretty large, compared to LA where we just came from.Location was very good, just right across Caesers Palace and in the middle of the strip, where most of the activities were.We got a fantastic deal at USD67 per night, which the reception said was a steal, cos the going rate was USD200+ a night. We had another surprise at checkout when they took another USD10 off for the 2nd night.We booked a rental car at Alamo, and drove up to Hoover Dam and Grand Canyon. The experience with Alamo was great. We drive on the right in our country, so naturally we were nervous and apprehensive driving on the left for the 1st time. The counter lady Ms Gilda was great in allaying our fear. Anyway, it was a great experience doing the driving trip. Signs were well placed, and the other drivers were not in a rush (unlike where I came from), hence it was a pretty easy and relaxing drive.Wish we had stayed on longer, the city is incredible! There is so much to see and do!Oh, one word of caution. Try not to use the self service internet kiosks, min USD5. It is not manned by the hotel, and at times the printer may not work. Get your boarding pass printed at UPS instead. They charge USD5 per print.	
Oct 30 2009 	We are 9 timers to Flamingo nothing fancy but nice showers 	Great Buffet alittle pricey though, good times every time we've stayed, we've never had a problem &amp; its right in the heart of all the main casino's!!! We love it there, hence the reason we are coming back Nov 2009 with friends.	
Oct 30 2009 	pool package huge rip off	I reserved the Go Get Wt package...check in was at 4:00 p.m. took over 45 minutes to get checked in...by the time I got to my room it was close to 5:00 p.m. You would think the check in people were doing this for the first time...20-30 people in line all the time!Went to the pool...and it was closing!!! We left the next day...check out is at 11:00 a.m. and the pool did not open until 10:00 a.m. When did they expect us to swim and use this package? Don't bother getting it...huge, huge rip off. I did say something to the pool staff and they shrugged it off.Nice location in the middle of the Strip, but opt for the cheaper room...and don't expect any time to swim!!	
Oct 30 2009 	GO ROOMS	Upgraded to a GO room for $40.00 dollars more a night and it sure was a good deal. The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. The room had a sofa, flat screen in the main room, draperies that closed and opened at a touch of a switch, great bathroom with a shower that I did not want to get out of. The bathroom mirror has a flat screen tv in so making the visits in there a little more entertaining. The rooms have a one cup coffee maker and four packs of complimentary coffee every day. The room I had was on the 26th floor facing Bally's and the Bellagio fountains. It was spectacular. I opted out of a strip view room due to the horrid Donny and Marie sign that covers every single window on the front of the hotel. The GO rooms are very nicely appointed, with a digital alarm clock, desk, high speed internet connection, a comfy chair and bathroom amenities. Upon arrival, the check in was excellent, and the front desk was very pleasant and helful. Dropped the bags at the bell desk outside at the taxi area because I arrived 6 hours before I could check in. When I got up to the room, the bags were there within 5 minutes. The in-room safe was locked by the previous tennant of the room so I called down to the front desk. A technician was sent to unlock it and was there within 10 minutes. I found the hotel to be very bit as well kept as I have stayed there 10 times in the last 23 years. The casino was busy, busy, busy and I took home more than $3,000 in winning from &quot;Quack Shot&quot; over the 4 days I gambled.I only visited the buffet once, the day I arrived, for breakfast. I never went back. I thought the food was low grade and horrid. Seeing that the meal cost $35.00 for 2 of us, I was not impressed. The line ups to get in are very long and you will wait. But, that is the only complaint I have about the Flamingo. I love this hotel and will stay there next vist.	
Oct 29 2009 	Its not worth the price per night	I was told the rooms were remodeled, contemporary with a great bathroom.Besides the long line for check-in, we were told our rooms would not be ready till 4 or 5 p.m. . After finally receiving the keys to the rooms, the first thing we encountered were filthy hallways. We were giving the wrong keys, and getting anyone to help is impossible.Service sucks. The remodel must have been on a student budget. The rooms only had showers. Very disappointing. Could have and should have made reservations in the Palazzo or Venetian for the same price we paid at this dump.	
Oct 29 2009 	Incredible	You just have to go Vegas to appreciate the enormity of everything. We stayed at the Flamingo whicj was in a cracking location. Next to Paris and opposite the Bellagio. Our stay lasted 3 nights before travelling onto Mexico. We could possibly have done with 2 more nights. When you visit Vegas, The Grand Canyon is a must, again truely awesome!!!!	
Oct 28 2009 	Flamingo.....More Like a Lame Duck	We booked a non-smoking, king bed but when we arrived, all that was left was rooms with two double beds. The front desk clerk suggested that we come back to the front desk between 11am and 1pm the following day to see if anything had opened up by then........considering we had prebooked and prepaid for the room and that I had called less than a week before our arrival to ensure everything was ok with our reservation, I am little surprised that they didn't contact US the following morning to advise that we could move into the room that we had booked and paid for.The drink service at the tables and slots is non-existant. We went to all of the neighbouring casinos on the strip as well as the casinos on Fremont Street and we never had to wait for drinks. While we walked around the Flamingo casino, we saw the few wait staff that they did have working standing around chatting with coworkers.The buffet was boring but if you can get the $5 off coupon from the showgirl that stands near Harrah's entrance, you end up paying $11.99 per person for breakfast......which is very cheap compared to the Paradise Breeze cafe prices. The elevators were filthy....there was a chewed piece of gum suck in the corner on the floor of one of the elevators for 2 days. Ewww!Location is great.....but the service and cleanliness leave something to be desired.	
Oct 28 2009 	The Flamingo is where it's happening!	The Flamingo is located in the heart of the strip in Las Vegas, making it a great starting point for visiting other hotels and casinos as well as shows and attractions. Every place we visited was within walking distance. We had a top of the line room, A Go Room Deluxe with Strip View, which was well-appointed, very clean, and everything was in working order. Our daughter got married at the Flamingo Garden Chapel during our stay and we had a delightful experience both with the wedding and the cocktail reception for the newlyweds on the patio of the Sin City Brewery located in the Flamingo Hotel. The lush grounds of the Flamingo made for beautiful background scenery in their wedding pictures. It was a great experience!	
Oct 28 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My friend and I stay at the Flamingo October 20th for 3 nights. Yes the checkin line was long it took us 30 minutes to check in at 10pm on a Tuesday. The lady who checked us in was super nice. We had a deluxe room on the 27th floor with a wonderful view of the strip. We had great housekeepers everything was really clean. When we come back to Vegas we will be staying here again. I can't wait.	
Oct 28 2009 	Very good stay	Stayed at the Flamingo Oct 9th -13th. Rooms were comped and we upgraded to a go room for $20 more per night. Rooms were very clean, and housekeeping kept them that way. Got there on a Friday evening around 6:00pm and walked right up to check-in. Slots were fun, just small wins, but did most of our gambling at Harrahs 3 card poker tables. To tell you the truth, I like the pool at Harrahs better. I know it's just a plain rectangular pool, but I feel it's more intimate. Not once at Flamingo pool was I approached by a cocktail waitresss for a drink. I saw them walk by. Had to go up to the bar to get a drink. There's always cocktail service at Harrahs. There's too much shade at this pool. Probably won't stay here again, as we prefer Harrahs. I do like the go room better than the rooms at Harrahs, as we had a coffee maker and fridge. Dvd player too, as we brought a couple dvd's and could watch them on the flat screen tv.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Hotel	My friend and I were attending a convention and decided to stay at the Flamingo. The rooms were large and clean. Our rooms overlooked a rooftop with the Flamingo's Habitat behind it. So we looked out at beautiful green trees. We had adjoining rooms on the ninth floor. Hers had two queen beds, mine had a king-size bed and a sofa that opens up. It was very quiet. I like the location of the Flamingo as it is about in the center of the Strip. It is also a monorail stop. We bought the monorail one-day ticket for $14.00 and found it very convenient, although it is a longish walk to get on it.There is a coffee shop in the lobby that opens at 6AM for coffee, tea, muffins, danish, etc.We did not try room service. We ate at their Burger Joint once and it was fine.The Habitat area at the Flamingo has pools with all kinds of water birds. It's a quiet place to go and relax.	
Oct 27 2009 	Good value - Great location	This Summer we had the opportunity to use up some airline vouchers, so we ended up in Vegas. After skimming my AAA Guidebook and calling around, found very good deal at the Flamingo - which is now a Harrahs property - so you can use all of the Players Club benefits. Rooms are all remodeled and a wing has even more updated rooms with flat screen TVs at a small upgrade fee. Pool has waterfalls is a great place to relax duting the day - also has an adult only pool for a small charge. I would stay here again - close to everything.	
Oct 27 2009 	Just to sleep	Our first impression was not a good one, as we had to queue 10-15 minutes for checking-in. The staff was not very polite. We booked the room with Expedia but what was described as a &quot;Deluxe Room&quot; was in fact a normal room at the end of an endless labyrinth of corridors.There is no breakfast and no free internet included and you've got to be up at 5am to get a chance to have a sit by the pools.The only positive point is that it's well located on the strip.	
Oct 27 2009 	what a dump!	The hotel rooms smelled of mold. The carpet and chair in corner were badly stained. They don't have either a coffee maker nor small refrigerator forcing you to pay $3.50 for a small cup of coffee downstairs (many other guests that I met complained about this too). Dirty dishes and empty beer cans were left in the hallways for sometimes 24 hours. The elevators have graffiti etched into them.I've stayed in better hotels in third world countries.	
Oct 26 2009 	Go Room is only way to Go!	Arrived in Las Vegas for some weekend fun. Chose to stay at The Flamingo as I have a players club card. The room rate was ideal and I upgraded to a Go Room. Now the last time I stayed at The Flamingo we had a &quot;regular&quot; room which was ok but old and dark. The new Go Rooms.... WOW! They are amazing. TV in the bathroom, remote controlled blinds, flat screen tv and radio with iPOD docking station. The colors are vibrant - white and pinks - my wife loved them. The staff was very friendly and efficient at check-in. We got an early check-in and late (1 hour) check-out. The casino older but the location is right in the middle of the strip. There is also Margaritaville restaurant which is a fun place to eat some good food and have some good drinks. The pool is nice - although they don't monitor the people coming in and out - so in the late afternoon on Sat it appeared to get a bit rowdy. Overall, however, was a great stay and we wouldn't hesitate to return. Go Room only though!	
Oct 26 2009 	the best pool in all vegas	me and my friend were on our way from east to west and we decided to stay for a night we ordered a room the night before for 50 bucks nothing more nothing less. The hotel is sooooo clean our room was more then we payed for, nice bathroom comfy beds, spacious, the pool boy oh boy the pool... is huge, alive, probally where all the young crowds go so if you want quiet go to the paris hotel it's nice inside and the pool is for a rather older and quieter same with ballys. theres a slide, volley ball net, basket ball spot, water fall, chairs in the water everything you can think of is in the flamingo hotel pool, couldn't ask for more! loved our stay... and am hoping to go back on september!	
Oct 26 2009 	2nd stay this time 9 nights!	My Husband and i stayed in the Flamingo for 9 nights (27 Sept - 6 Oct) and (mostly) had a very pleasant time. This was our 2nd stay at the Flamingo - 1st was in Oct 2009 for our wedding (got married at the hotel). We arrived at 7pm on a sunday evening and were informed by the (grumpy) receptionist that there was only 1 non-smoking room available in the whole hotel and that it was a smaller than average room. As neither of us wanted a smoking room we took it and were promised an exchange the following day. Thank goodness we only had to spend 1 night in it! It must be the smallest hotel room (9th floor) in Vegas (about 1/3 of the normal Flamingo rooms), was filthy with wallpaper peeling of the walls, no pressure from the hot water tap, bed that squeaked everytime you moved etc etc.The following morning we were moved to a kingsize room on 12th floor with lovely view over the gardens - sigh of relief! From this moment on it was an enjoyable experience. The room was pretty clean (apart from disgusting mark around basin plug-hole which wouldn't come off!), and housekeeping came in everyday. The only negative remarks are:the people in the room next to us were no noisy - and the sound carried into our room,one evening the hotel held a private function in the garden area and the music from that kept us awake until 3am :(timeshare touts who position themselves by the elevators and pounce as you exit!The location of this hotel is fantastic - which really is it's main selling point. I also like that fact that you don't have to walk through miles of casino inorder to get to your room.I would highly recommend this hotel, especially if you're on a tighter budget. However, having stayed there twice i think it's time we experienced a slightly higher-end property next time so we probably won't be staying here again (through no fault of the hotel ,just want to see what else Vegas has to offer in terms of accommodation).	
Oct 26 2009 	Loved it.	I stayed in the Flamingo Hotel on a trip to Las Vegas for a friends wedding. I only styed one night do to a slight oversight. But if it was my choice I would have stayed there for my entire trip. I stayed in one the strip view flamingo go rooms. It was awesome I was able to watch the Beliagio water show from my room and the location made my stay simply wonderful. I was in the middle of everything. The room decor was cute and funky(in a cool way). The bathroom was phenominal. I especially loved the TV in the mirror. The only draw back that I had was the iPod docking station was a little hard to navigate at first. The lobby was awesome, the spa was great. And to top it all off I think I won enough money in the casino that it litterally paid for my stay. I mean my entire stay (stayed at the Mandalay Bay for the reminder of my trip).This was my first visit to Vegas and if I go again, I am definetely staying at the Flamingo.Wait. I forgot to mention the live flamingo.. that was awesome!	
Oct 26 2009 	great stay	I was very nervous about our stay at the Flamingo after reading the reviews so I decided to pay the extra 30 a night and upgrade to a Go Room. At curbside the guy told us the line was very long and asked if we wanted to leave our bags and check in later, we decided to go inside and check in. The line was not long at all and it took 10 minutes max to get checked in. Our check in went smooth, got our keys and headed to the room. Our room was right by the elevator so we didn't have a far walk at all. The room was great! It was clean when we got there and cleaned every day of our stay. Also, our room was so quiet, I never heard anyone in the halls or next door. There was no food or glasses left in the hallway during the entire stay like some have noted. The slots at Flamingo were good and we really can't complain about a thing. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants so I can't comment on that. LOCATION was awesome!! I loved our stay at the Flamingo and will definitely stay there next year when we visit Las Vegas again.	
Oct 25 2009 	No problems no worries	This was our third time staying here in last three years, had a GO room previous trips. They upgraded us to a GO Jr. suite, which was very nice. Had no issues with service anywhere on the casino floor, restaraunts or desk personnel. Can't beat the location, you can walk anywhere from here. I would agree with the carpet/wallpaper issues, though. They put alot of money into the GO rooms but I think that's to make you feel better about the condition of the hallways! That really needs to be addressed.	
Oct 25 2009 	BEAUTIFUL pool but OMG - clean the rooms for Christ's sake	Loved the pool area, but the rooms were awful. We were moved three times and got dirty, filthy rooms each time. If I can see the vomit on the curtains, so can the cleaning staff. Seriously, you don't have to speak English to SEE that the rooms are filthy. We complained about the first room and while we were waiting for the bell hop who NEVER showed up, they rented the room to some other poor saps who walked in while we were sitting there and were disgusted by the dirt and grime also. There was food and blood (?) on the wall, vomit on the curtains and someone else's hair in the sink. Good grief. Spend the money and upgrade to a &quot;go rom&quot;. If you can't aford or don't want to spend the $, bring your own cleaning supplies. (and pillowcases) You'll be glad you did.	
Oct 24 2009	bitten byinsect while sleeping and treated lousy.	bitten by insect while sleeping went to security almost passing out and told yo take a cab toclinic. now they tell me to get lost with my bills. 11 people came with me we will not return and they dont care. told me to bad. room was terrible. holes in carpet from cigarette burns. water damage in ceiling. please contact me	
Oct 24 2009 	Wedding	We got married and stayed at the Flamingo hotel. The hotel is a little dated but clean with polite friendly and helpful staff. It was our first visit to Vegas	
Oct 23 2009 	Lucky Hotel in Vegas	I recently took my 2 kids and one of their friends on a quick trip to vegas. We stayed at the Pink Flamingo in vegas. The swimming pool (waterslide)was a blast and it was close for walking to everything. We ate at the hotel as well as catching the transportation (which I can't remember the name of) It was close and took us everywhere. I would definetly stay at the Flamingo in vegas again.	
Oct 23 2009 	great location but wouldn't ever stay there again.	Being right in the middle of Vegas was great but the room was dirty as the carpets had burn holes in them and were not swept the whole time we were there, the beds even though we had 2 queen beds were very unconfortable, to get to your room was like being in a corn maze, it was crazy!	
Oct 22 2009 	we thought it was fine!	after reading the most recent reviews, i almost feel like we stayed at a different hotel. we were there last week for 4 days. now, we were told at check in that there was only smoking rooms left and i know i had definitely requested a non-smoking room at the time of reservation. upon seeing my face at this news, the clerk did indicate he had several unbooked non-smoking handicap accessible rooms which have the bath bars in the bathrooms. were we interested in one of those? of course we were. the room was standard which is what we paid for, but very clean and the maids came in every day and cleaned and placed fresh towels and soaps for us. we had a king size bed - clean and neat. i just disliked the location of the room to the strip. we chose the flamingo because of its central location, not realizing that that would mean some outside noise would escape inside. we were 1/2 block from that gigantic ceasar billboard which is on all night, singing and talking, etc. so i found i did wake up periodically throughout the night even though we were on the 15th floor. next time, i would request something toward the back facing that hilton. but, we had a great time, no glitches. margaritaville was a blast, and we were close to everything. i had booked based on what i saw online and travelers comments and, boy, some of those hotels, were way down the strip, off and alone by themselves and past kind of seedy looking sections of las vegas blvd that i wouldn't want to walk at night if i stayed down there. we were very pleased with our choice. affordable and clean. when we go back to vegas, i know we'll go back to the flamingo.	
Oct 22 2009 	The pool was the best	Loved the pool. However in order to get a poolside chair you must get there early - by 8:30 a.m. Great drinks! I would recommend the souvenir cup with cheaper refills! Also great location on the strip!	
Oct 22 2009 	did not even clean the room one day	2 days had to call for towels which was annoying but you deal with it, one day found paper pieces on the floor and a hair in the sink after the room had been 'cleaned' - fifth day they did NOT come clean the room. never. called the housekeeping TWO times that day to ask for it to be cleaned and they still never cleaned the room! And will not give us our money back for that one night even though they did not do their job of cleaning, which I do believe is part of what we pay them for.	
Oct 22 2009 	Other hotels on the strip for the same money are way better	The check in was a clue to the hotel. When problems arose with guests ahead of us checking in (only two people working the check in) nothing was done for the 20 to 30 minute wait we endured. Plenty of staff came out but not one pitched in to help out the problem. Then we received a handicapped room because that was all they had. After that the stay was just okay. The room was old and needed a lot of work. Some of our other friends switched rooms the next day because of the condition of the room they got.Positives for the hotel are the pool and surrounding gardens and that is about it. This is the first negative review I have left on Tripadvisor so it is not something I like to do.	
Oct 21 2009 	GREAT can't wait to go back	Got there late at night and had to go to another hotel for the night but next and the rest of week stay was fantastic. Can't wait to go back. Love the hotel, its right in the middle of everything!	
Oct 21 2009 	Go with a GO room. Nice!	We stayed in a 25th floor strip-view GO room. 7 PM check-in was a &quot;walk-right-up&quot;. Desk clerk, room service &amp; housekeeping were very friendly. Everything was great and as requested EXCEPT that they weren't able fulfill our request for a non-smoking room and gave us a &quot;smoking-optional&quot; room. The room was great, modern &amp; clean EXCEPT that the cigarette smoke stench was terrible! Book early if you are militant non-smokers like us. The view was terrific. The Margaritaville bar was fun - the rum runners pack a punch! Cher was a don't-miss at Ceaser's. The Jubilee show girl performance at Bally's was great. We broke even on 3 days of slots. Bonus!	
Oct 20 2009 	Flamingo Rocks	Lots of people have had negative comments about the Flamingo. I will admit that there are some upgrades needed (carpet, coat of paint), but we really liked our Deluxe room on the 16th floor. We could have upgraded to a GO room for virtually nothing, but decided for the amount we'd be in the room, we didn't need to worry about it.The casino is quant and lots of choices, including a really nice sports book. We spent lots of time at the pool, and the only complaint was the lack of wait staff. I think there was only one waitress working the entire four days we were there. However, our legs weren't broke and the bar staff was great and entertaining.The location of the Flamingo is perfect for first timers. We stayed at the MGM the first time and due to it's location, you won't make it up the strip without being very tired. Don't think you'll just walk everywhere, this is a big town, the strip is long and the hotels are huge. Choose wisely and pick a central hotel like the Flamingo.I give it 3.75 out of 5, and if they did a little refresh, it would rank a 4/5 easily. Try to get a room with a pool view, as it is noisy on the outside rooms. We could hear traffic up on the 16th facing the Imperial Palace. You don't want to hear the back up beeper on a delivery truck at 7 am (anywhere in Vegas).	
Oct 20 2009 	worst hotel stay ever	dont ever ever stay here....... we got married at the flamingo hilton and spent a good amount of money on the wedding...we had two sets of rooms a regular room for the first night and then a suite for three nights...we also had our wedding after party in the suite caterd by room srvice so you know we spent alot of money i also had my family satying there......so check in SUCKS!!!!!!!! our first regular room had a cracked window it smelled musty no HBO.....no coffe pot....couch had a stain on it....bed had a stain on it.....the carpets in the hallway where stained.....the elevators are old and sound real scary...graffti in the parking garage.......rude staff asked for a map to the marrige license office it was small we could not read he map we got lost and hd to stop and ask somone how to get there,,,,,,,,,,check in to our suite.......its ok theres a coffe pot in there but one creamer only........stilll no HBO......the wedding day the salon lady messed up my brides maid hair.........we have our wedding after party someone complains ten min in....at seven thirty....theuy forgot two dishes......there was no cork screw...lucky for us i brought one.....they had not left us any extra toilet paper even tho they kew we had a party going on in there.......me and my husband spent our weeding night i therewhen they claeaned our room after the party the took our corkscrew and threw away som tylenol and we had no cups for coffee and no creamer again!!! they were supposed to bring extra chairs for the party the did not......they wanted to charge for glasses for the party... when we got our recpit for the wedding they told us we could reddem all the money we spent on our wedding package for point sthey gave us seventeen dollars and said we had to wait three days..........they forgot about our bottle of free champagne at the chapel...so we had to go back down and get it.......the picture company wants us to buy our master set of pics for like a thounsad dollars for two C.Ds we had rooms booked till thur but we left WE DID NOT WANT TO GIVE THEM ANY MORE MONEY THIS PALCE SUCKS DONT STAY HERE SPEND THE MONEY AND STAY AT ONE OF THE NICER HOTELS!!!!!! MY FAMILY AND WEDDING PARTY WHERE MAD!!!!!!	
Oct 19 2009 	Go Room at the Flamingo a must! Awesome hotel!	We booked a flight and 3-night stay at the Flamingo through Orbitz in March 09. We went in October and the weather couldn't have been more perfect. Vegas is always buzzing, and even though there was a 20min wait to check it, we upgraded to a Go Room (flat screen, iPod hookup, modern decor, large bathroom, TV in bathroom mirror!!!!) for $30/night. It was well worth it. The rooms were spotlessly clean. Housekeeping never showed up on Saturday, and we had to call to get fresh towels, but that was the only negative. The staff were friendly, the bathroom super clean, and let's face it- it's Vegas, how much time do you really spend in the hotel room? I would definitely go here again- it's close to everything, has the flamingos and birds outside and a fabulous pool. Can't wait to go back!	
Oct 19 2009	iF YOU DON'T MIND OUTDATED AND DIRTY ROOMS THEN HERE IS YOUR PLACE	I was disappointed in the service and the rooms. Our room was a lil dirty and outdated, the elevators were filty and disgusting especially the one for the parking garage and the service sucked. It was almost depressing. We used the valet parking and luggage service. When we received our three suitcases, everyone of them had been opened and the items were hanging of the pockets. We also thought we would try the resturant downstairs and when were in line they put up the closed sign and and ignored us. There were a small group of people before us who were complaining about being ignored and had been there for 45 minutes. The following two nights we stay at the Mirage and boy, what a difference. I will never stay at the Flamino again.	
Oct 19 2009 	don't upgrade to a larger room 0n the upper floors it's dirty 	Upon check-in we were asked if we'd like to upgrade to a larger room on the 27 th floor, the cost 20.00 per night. We thought Great! Not Great, the carpet was stained and dirty and it was suppose to be a no smoking room and clearly was not. It smelled terrible. The room had a very small, dirty loveseat in it, that was the only difference. We called the front desk and told them the problem. They sent a man up with a key to a different room, he handed us the key and left. No help dragging the luggage back down to a different room, no apology. We had to go back to the front desk wait in line to ask for a refund for the extra charge. When I told the clerk the problem she acted like it was no big deal. This was about an hour of wasted time. Not happy with the service at all!	
Oct 19 2009 	Have a GO room with Strip view	We stayed in a renewed GO room with Strip view - actually the only option for staying in this hotel. The hotel seems somewhat outdated, but the view at night from the room is awesome, since it's opposite to Bellagio and Ceasar's (at least, if you can look through the foil covered windows). The amenities also have nice features like automatic blinds and a mirror-tv. However, one night was sufficient for this Vegas experience; make sure to book in advance for a lower rate.	
Oct 19 2009 	The Flamingo is now off my list of Vegas hotels to stay at.	I guess its true. You get what you pay for. The Flamingo was a great value and great location but When I saw my hotel room, I felt I could hae enjoyed a Motel 6 better. The sheets were ripped, lamp shades damaged and chairs with stains on them as if they had never been cleaned. The entire hotel needs to be updated.Never again will I even consider staying there. And, if I had gambled enough to get any nights comped, I would be giving then away to someone else.	
Oct 19 2009 	Glad we choose the Flamingo!	We have stayed here several times over the last few years and have noticed a lot of wear and tear in the regular rooms, so we weren't expecting too much. Other relatives in our group were staying here, so we decided to try it one more time, even though I wanted to to stay somewhere else. We upgraded our room to a GO room and were very happy we did, nice design, clean fresh room with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Yes the hallway carpets were a little dirty in some areas, but the hotel staff was constantly cleaning, and I'm not sure really how anyone can expect them to keep up with the hotel traffic that is always present. The Flamingo has the friendliest staff of any of the hotels we have seen in Las vegas, so this has really changed our minds- we will stay here again for sure. Also the Flamingo has the best pool area and love the coconut scent in the casino and halls! Plus we won on the slots- so a great trip overall!	
Oct 19 2009 	awesome!	we stayed at the flamingo in august 09 found it amazing, we paid the higher room rate and stayed in the go room it was gorgeous!!! great rooms great casino, great location. just dont use the in room phone to make international calls very expensive	
Oct 18 2009 	Everything was fine.	We stayed at the Flamingo for five nights. We arrived Sunday evening at 7PM and the check in took five minutes. The GO room was very nice. We did have to leave notes for housekeeping to restock the coffee and cups.Room service items were removed promptly from the halls. The only negative was that the halls and elevators could have been cleaned better.We will stay at the Flamingo again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic	Loved the Go Room, loved the shower in the Go Room. The beds were great and the staff members we came in contract with were courteous and helpful.	
Oct 18 2009 	Find somewhere else to stay	It is tempting to be in the heart of the action in Las Vegas, but this is not the place. The price is great right now. However, the low prices are more a reflection of this way below par hotel than of the current econ... If this is all you can afford, save your money and squat on the street with a hat out until you can stay someplace else. We left and found another hotel in the middle of the night.	
Oct 18 2009 	Flamingo Hotel in Vegas is FABULOUS to be over 50 years old!	Let me just say.......my husband and I were hesitant when we booked after reading the reviews, however we had a wonderful trip! We live in a tourist area ourselves in Florida. The Flamingo is in the center of everything-fantastic location! The GO ROOM, which we upgraded to upon arrival was fabulous for the price, n26th floor with a view of the grounds at the Flamingo which were green lush superb compared to other hotels we walked through. Pools were extremely clean, view of the Venetian and desert mountains. Keep in mind, your room is a resting place, you go to Vegas to see the lights, shows, shopping and eat food............for days! Loved the pink throughout the hotel! Yes, the hotel has some wear and tear, but let's thik about the millions of people who tread through all of the hotels, come on people! The carpet and walls may be a little wore out, but that was not what we were there to see, nor did it bother us. Our rooms were cleaned daily, front desk attendant Dennis was cheerful upon check in. Buffet lines are long, but the food is wonderful at Vegas buffets. Did not notice any mold, or Staff infection as one guest mentioned-[-]. Bring some comfortable walking shoes, get the 3 day monorail pass if you like to see a little bit of everything, and check out The Victorian at Bill's Gamblin Hall if you like Prime Rib, it is $14.99. Steak and eggs at the same place from 12am to 5am daily, can't beat it! Flamingo mixed drinks in large carry cups for $7.50 by the Import Cars outside of the Flamingo which are a great deal! Eiffel Tower at Paris is ok if you are in to site seeing, keep in mind though....it is caged off and you can only take pics through the hole openings on each side! Loved the boutiques inside the Flamingo! Burger King and Subway are in O'Shea's on other side of Flamingo if you ar ein a hurry to eat and run. We came out for our son's wedding, they stayed at the MGM Executive Suites and let me tell you, they spent 80% of their trip in the vicinity of the Flamingo and surrounding area, as it is the perfect location. If you are a high strung, need your rear brown nosed, take care of me kind of person then go stay at the Ventian or Bellagio. If not and you came to Vegas to see what Vegas really is, check out the Flamingo, it is fantastic in more ways than one, it has character and we found it to be a classy place! We will definately stay again! DESTIN FLORIDIAN	
Oct 18 2009 	Great Location.....Good Price	If you want to stay in a clean hotel in the middle of the Strip AND have money left over to play with then the Flamingo Las Vegas is the place to stay. It is across the street from Ceasar's Palace and the Bellagio and within easy walking distance of the other major hotels. The airport shuttle and bus systems are extremely handy and useful.If you're on a limited budget, this is not the cheapest hotel on the strip, but not nearly the most expensive either. If you're a &quot;party person&quot;, you might want to try a different hotel.My room was VERY clean and comfortable, however, a coffee pot would have been a nice addition.For my limited budget, this was a great place to stay!	
Oct 17 2009 	thats the night the lights went out in the flamingothe best	I got to flamingo monday night 10/12 and had a standard room, very clean, bathroom was clean except one hair in the tub,i wiped out no biggy,then it happened, the lihts blew in the whole tower and i wa son the 16th floor ahhhh,No exit lights were seen not lite up, pitch dark, sat in the room with curtin open for lighting as i faced ceasars and ip and harrahs,it was a veiw again no biggy.I finally wondered in my pj's and robe with my son as well,we had just had baths no less and dan who worked the night shift at the desk was an amazing man,he deserves a promotion,he offered me a $50.00 food voucher which i turned down and was soooo tired by 2;35am there time which is 4 am mine in tx, he gave me a GO room no extra charge for the inconvience,i even went up and thanked him one more time,the room was mazing,two queens beds 22 nd floor over looking ballys, bills, i saw the fountains at belligio,top of paris,it was great,the room was clean,the bathroom was very clean, no nothing on the floors,extra towels,the maids were very ncie,i even helped them a bit telling then don't clean the room just give me towels and i placed the dirty ones outside.I spent time with my daughter and son,there small,so finding things to do wasn't that hard, they love dthe pool we did swim, one day the main pool was like ice,the next day another pool by beach club was heated and great,was very clean,the buffet was yummmmo i mean it,fresh fish,shrimp,clams,crab legs,muscles,it was good and i did eat the whole $49.50 it cost for all three of us,yes pricey but well worth it, donny and marie every where we went,posters all over, we strolled to mircle mile love dit, mgmg was a blast,we got free pizza and i bought mine,saw lions,we strolled to fashion show mall,c onfusing,venition and palazzio was nice, took the people walkway from wynn to fashion show, no crossing streets,the people and flamingo were very nice, the grounds are kept up, there kind to kids,the sercurity is visble,we talked to one guy.The flamingos and bird were just terriffic,oen landed on my head lol,the patio outside the bar is great,we listened to music the kids danced an dhad a blast,we saw wonderboogie at harrahs yesturday they were nice to my kids even had my daughter do ymca and cupid shuffle with them and they got goodies, saw toby keiths place a blast i might add,we just had a great time and I wanna thank Dan who was just so kind to me,he could see i was tired, he saw my son who was frightened as i was when the lights blew and accomidated us with no problems, no extra money,he was just a sweet heart,I am making plans to stay again next yrs for my daughters 12th birthday.The only complaint i have is the shuttel buses are to hot and smell horrible and dirty,they look for tips of course but drive crazy lol.also i had no problems with any time share people what so ever and the icky men on the streets who hand out trash as i call it need to be removed off the street,they dirty it up but i noticed at night there is a street cleaner who dose sweep that up.All in all the hotel is beatiful,my son didn't wnat to leave, the beds ,i wanted one,so comfy,the rooms you can barely ehar anyone next door,the housekeepers are a delight,the people who help with bags are very nice,the desk people are nice except for when i first checked in i got attitude from one girl because i was suppose to have a smoking room and they were all gone, as she put it it was what ever is available,however no biggy to me,i went outside alot with my kid and i could smoke there.I had a blast!PS,coffee is over priced $3.50 almost $4.00 but hey ya gott have the caffine in the AM.	
Oct 17 2009 	Not even for free again!	We spent 4 nights at the Flamingo recently for free and we won't stay ever again, even for free! After checking in we waited over an hour for our room to be ready and then went in to a room that didn't look like it had been cleaned at all.The bathroom sink had a steady stream running so we called maintenance, they fixed it so that instead of a stream we had a drip! The towel rack in the shower was rusted and we had the same piece of dirt on our bathroom floor for 3 days! The 2nd day we actually had to call for a roll of toilet paper!The decor was very dated and could use some updating!The elevators could use some work too. We had to take Dramamine just to get on them!	
Oct 17 2009 	Did not honor Reservation	In early September, I made a reservation for 5 nights, Go Deluxe room, nonsmoking,King. My wife and I arrived 10/07/09 and waited one hour in line to checking in. They only had three people working at the front desk. Upon checking in, they told us they had some bad news. The only room available was a smoking, Queen. I talked to the manager on duty, who wasn't helpful at all. He said that this was the only room available and that maybe if I came down in the morning and stood in line, another room might come available. We staying in the room one night and it was not very clean and really smelled horrible, like an ashtray. I booked a nonsmoking room at the Venetian for the remainder of our stay. The service at the Flamingo was horrible. We will never stay and another Harrah property when we are in Vegas.	
Oct 16 2009	Good for the value of the tour	Usually when i come into Vegas I stay either at Planet Hollywood or sometimes at the Mandalay Bay when my husband comes in for business trip. This time my mom and I took a package tour and stayed 1 night in Vegas and then the 2nd day we went to see the Grand Canyon. We got a great deal for our package, but I was a bit hesitant about staying at the Flamingo because I stayed here about 13 years ago and it was old and a bit run down for my taste. To my surprise there has been a lot of fixing up in this hotel since then and it is centrally located to walk around to Bellagio, Cesar, Paris, etc. The room was clean and updated for the most part, but I don't know from where but there was a water leak near the toilet in the bathroom, but it wasn't coming from the toilet that I couldn't figure out. I only wish they had hand lotion or at least I didn't see any in my room and the hair dryer was broken. This is a smaller hotel compared to the newer and bigger ones, but if you are looking for a centrally located hotel with decent rooms this is good enough. Remember you will be sightseeing all around and will stop by the room to take a snooze so for that it's nice. If you are not expecting anything grand like the Bellagio or the Four Season and drop your expectations to decent, centrally located, clean rooms you won't be disappointent.	
Oct 16 2009 	Stay away!!!	The check-in is HORRIBLE. We PAID IN FULL for two &quot;GO&quot; rooms two months in advance. We arrived in town at 3:30 p.m. and were given one room immediately and told to wait on our room for 45 minutes because it was not ready. We went back to the desk 45 minutes later and were told it would be another 45 minutes. We went back to the desk another 45 minutes later..and were told by TONY the DESK MANAGER it would be ONE TO THREE HOURS and at least &quot;ANOTHER HOUR FOR SECURITY REASONS&quot;, or we could take another room. We opted for another room and upon entering, found the mini-fridge next to the head of the bed (clicking on and off) andapparently air conditioner plant noise humming in the room. We called TONY on the house phone and said we would wait for our original room. TONY said the original PAID IN FULL room had been RE-SOLD and OCCUPIED ten minutes earlier...and we could stay in the noisy room or move to a lesser room. The check in line is brutal, the customer service is worse. NEVER AGAIN at Flamingo.	
Oct 16 2009 	Dirty and run down	It is a real shame that this hotel is not looked after like some other hotels on the Strip. I stayed here for ten days with friends and would have checked out on the first day if i could have. The pool was unusable due to beer cans, bottles, old news papers and even empty pill and medicine packets floating at the bottom of the pool! It was filthy and when i asked the Manager if she could get someone to clean it she just said &quot;Its not my problem&quot; I told her if it wasn't cleaned i would write this report to warn others and she said &quot;Thats your choice&quot; Our friends had a &quot;Go&quot; room which is the super delux rooms.The shower door didn't work and the coffee in the room was never replaced after the first day. Even after mentioning it to the Manager it still dint get sorted out after two weeks.There are hundreds of similar priced hotels on the strip to stay at but stay well clear of the Flamingo.	
Oct 15 2009 	Love the Flamingo	This was our second stay at the Flamingo and we were not disappointed. We reserved a GO room and upon our arrival were pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a Go room mini suite. It was wonderful, everything was clean and neat. We once again had a wonderful view of the strip and the fountain at the Bellogio. The floor to ceiling window with the couch in front to relax and take in the view is the best part of the room. I could sit there for hours and just take in the wonderful sights of Vegas. We had 3 TV's including a TV in the mirror in the bathroom. The shower was wonderful. All the staff that we encountered were friendly and extremely helpful. The hotel itself is centrally located, so you walk out the front doors and are close to most attractions. The elevators are a bit outdated and a little slow, but they are servicing many floors, so that may explain the speed. Poolsides were very crowded and chairs in the sun were at a premium, but the weather was fabulous and everyone else had the same idea as I did, I guess. Overall, I love this hotel/resort and would highly recommend to everyone.	
Oct 15 2009 	Ok but could be better!	We stayed in this hotel for 5 days and it wasn't bad a t all. They could better the front office clerks to be a little faster when cheking in guests. They were too slow and the line got to the casino. We waited about 45 minutes to check in and it didn't last more than 5 minutes. Incredible! Just a recommendation... if you like buffets don't go this one, i prefered to the luxor's buffet, but the time we stayed at the flamingo it is too far from the luxor so we didn't have any choice.But the hotel is great.	
Oct 15 2009 	Not sure if id return...prob not!	Me and my boyfriend were visiting and he had never been so he was super excited! When we got there, we got checked in by an older man who was rude and didnt listen to one word we had to say. I run a hotel and have been in the business for a long time, so when visiting a hotel i pay attention to everything. He was not friendly, but rude and just wanted toget us checked in as fast as possible. Other then that, the last morning we were woken up at 6am to hammering and construction from the room above us, we obviously couldnt fall back asleep and after calling the front desk 2 times it still did not stop..nothing was resolved...	
Oct 15 2009 	Average	Sorry this review is a little late.We (four of us, 2 in their fifties, 2 in their twenties) stayed here in mid September. Had to wait until after 4 PM for Seven Star check in (that was unacceptable), even though the rooms were comped. Had one room in the older section #21127 and one in the renovated section #19055. Both rooms were cleaned each and every day. The maids did a good job of making sure we had extra towels. I did leave the maids tips each day to ensure that we werre taken care of. The rooms need to have a deep cleaning done. Both had stained carpets, dirty curtains, and dirty stained walls. (the maids don't clean those) The hallway carpets need attention as well. I did not see any room service settings left in the hallways overnight. Pool area was extremely crowded but we did find chairs and service at the adult pool, (it was a cleaner area as well).The service by cocktail waitresses, staff at the table games, restaurant staff was excellent. Most went out of their way to assure a pleasant experience.It is not the Bellagio but it was a pleasant stay and I would consider it again, one cannot beat the location.	
Oct 15 2009 	Don't stay here!!!!!!	Terrible experience. We paid an upgrade fee for better rooms, but they were terrible. The lights didn't work, the room was filthy - makeup smeared on the walls and door, and mirrors, tables and dresser with some kind of gunk permanetly stuck to them, THICK dust around the bed, hair in the bathtub, and on and on. It was specially cleaned for us twice, and I still had to take a rag and clean the make up off the wall. Horribley dissappointing!!!!	
Oct 14 2009 	Awesome Location-Good Service-Very Friendly Staff	The location is excellent as far as the strip-centrally located-on the Monorail line. Easy access to other hotels and casinos. Check-in was fast and easy, no waiting. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was clean and comfortable. We had a great view of the strip-Caesars Palace and Bellagio. Easy access to restaurants and the pool. Beautiful grounds, very relaxing. Loved the headliner show-Donny &amp; Marie. Very energetic and entertaining! We can't wait to go back in 2010!	
Oct 14 2009 	Needs to be updated!	If you are looking for a very basic room and bed, this is the place. If you are looking for the glam of Las Vegas, go anywhere else. Time for this hotel to be torn down and rebuilt. Our room was a basic room except for having mirrors on the ceiling over the bed, a mirror headboard and mirrors on the wall. Felt like it was a pay by the hour room.	
Oct 13 2009 	I truly enjoyed my stay	The room was really cool and upbeat. Friendly staff and was always helpful, the grounds were gorgeous and centrally located. The hallway carpets needed a bit cleaning but other than that I will most definately stay again and recommend for others. The prices were great for the room &quot;go room&quot;.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Location!	After reading many reviews before our trip I was worried about our stay. There were 18 in our group and all had normal to fantastic rooms. My room was a traditional on the 27th floor and had a wonderful view of the strip. The location is great and staff was wonderful. The carpeting was stained in room but for the money it was a great stay.	
Oct 12 2009 	FlamingoGreat Location Good Value For Price.	We stayed 5 nights at the Flamingo and thought it was good value for price and location. The only neutral comments would be that &quot;she&quot; is starting to show her age and could use some touch ups, carpet and paint would make a difference. The Margaritaville restaurant was good for breakfast with big portions and standard prices. The front desk staff were friendly and efficient and helpful with making room upgrade suggestions. The guest rooms are a good size.	
Oct 12 2009 	You get what you pay for	We stayed four nights when we visited Vegas for a trade show / leisure. We paid very little for our room, so our expecations weren't too high. We went for the basic room as we didn't plan on spending a whole lot of time in the hotel.Pro's - Center of strip, very cheap, lots of towels, lovely pools, large room sizeCons's - threadbare carpet, smokey hallways, spotty service, not super clean	
Oct 12 2009 	Management Sucks! (Will never stay or recommend this hotel to anyone!)	Our stay in Vegas was drastically tarnished by this hotel's failure to honor the promotional package that we booked. When we book the hotel in July, 2009, the hotel was promoting a $10/room daily Resort Fee (mandatory per the Flamingo's email), which included daily admission for 2 to the health club &amp; spa. This was clearly spelled out in the hotel reservation email confirmation we received.After we checked in. we went to the health club to work-out and were told that we were being charged $20/person for daily admission. We received no satisfactory resolution from the hotel staff or hotel management to waive the fee, even after showing the hotel manager the email confirmation showing that we were entitled to 2 free daily admission to the health club &amp; spa. The hotel manager said that the Resort Fee promotion was short-lived and it was no longer being offered. Despite logical reasoning that we should be given the promotion as we had booked that particular promotional package, the manager said there was nothing he could do. He then went on to say that it was the travel agency's fault, as the travel agency was the party responsible for selling us the promotional package. He insisted that there was absolutely nothing he could do and that the travel agency was the party I should speak with.After spending 90 minutes on the phone with the travel agency, who told me that the hotel was responsible for honoring the promotion, I still received no resolution. At that point I was told that the travel agency's director of guest relations (Crystal Palmer from Westjet Vacations) was on the phone with the Flamingo's director of leisure services (Susan Moore), trying to resolve the matter. I did receive a call back from the travel agency later that day, saying that the hotel finally agreed to waive the health club fees for our stay. I even confirmed that the fees would be waived for our entire stay. Brenda from Westjet Vacations was very helpful during this process. Wait...the story doesn't end there. Upon check-out, I reviewed the charges, and all the health club fees were still charged to the room. I had to spend another 30 minutes with Flamingo's guest relations, explaining to them that these fees should have been waived. The guest relations officer told me that the only note on the account said that only 1 day of health club fees should be waived. The officer finally agreed to waive the fees for the entire say, however, she would have to confirm with Susan Moore (the hotel's director of leisure services) on Monday. If Susan Moore decided the fees should not have been waived, the hotel would automatically charge my credit card. Our entire stay at the Flamingo was wrecked by this unfortunate and poorly handled incident. What hotel does not honor a package that was purchased by the guest, even though the package was subsequently discontinued? And why would a hotel blame the travel agent, when it was clearly the hotel which puts together a hotel's promotional package? And if the guest is not diligent in following up on hotel's errors, guest could be ripped off by a hotel overcharging. One final note, our room charges included 2 extra days of internet charges. The guest relations officer could not explain why were were being charged for 2 extra days. This is clearly ludicrous...and potentially the Flamingo's way of overcharging unsuspecting guests. I will never stay at this resort again and will encourage all my friends and family to never set foot in this hotel, either as a guest or patron.	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent location	Our first time visiting great view of the strip from our room it was clean, beds were comfortable, service was good. The only thing we did not like was the time sharing peeps that bug you in the lobby areas. Will go back for sure!!	
Oct 11 2009 	Ideal location and that's where it ends!	We stopped at this hotel for 3 nights as part of an organised tour and if we had been alone we would have checked out immediately once we had seen our room. The carpet was heavily stained, wallpaper peeling off and just generally dirty. We saw room service glasses and pots left in corridors for in excess of 24 hours.The hotel is large and has all ameneties with plenty of places to eat and drink but it's just shabby.It is ideally placed for all attractions with Caesars Palace, Belagio, Venetian and Treasure Island all within a 5-10 mins walk.We ate one night in the buffet restaurant which was very good and reasonably priced but it gets very busy and we had to stand in a long line for approximately 60 minutes before we got seated.All in all we were extremely dissapointed as were the other 40 people who were part of the tour, no one had a good word about the place which was as a result of the poor standard of the rooms provided.	
Oct 11 2009 	Pleasantly surprised at how nice the stay was at the Flamingo Hotel 	We're not gamblers and are not big Las Vegas visitors. So, when my son decided to get married in Las Vegas, we weren't thrilled BUT were very pleasantly surprised at how nice it all was at the Flamingo. From our Go room to the wedding ceremony in the gazebo to how nice everyone that worked there was, we would definitely go back. I'd read some kind of scary reviews on TripAdvisor but NONE of them applied to our trip. Clean, well appointed room with a great view, it was easy to park and easy to navigate the grounds. There were four children under the age of 5 and even they had fun! We'd gladly recommend it thttps://tonic.tripadvisor.com/SavedPhotos-g91844-i22105112-w1-Las_Vegas_Nevada.html#22105112o anyone!	
Oct 11 2009 	Our room was fabulous	Stayed for 4 days in a go room. Room was awesome!!! Housekeeping was awful! They missed cleaning our room twice. That was after calling, and talking to them personally.If you stay here, just make sure you call housekeeping in order to have your room cleaned.	
Oct 9 2009 	Never again	My husband and I stayed at the Flamingo a few years ago and enjoyed it enough to choose it again Oct. 7-9, 2009. The grounds, lobby, and casino areas are nice -- not spectacular but nice -- just what is expected for this price range. As we headed to our room (#9125), however, the nice appearance fell away. The carpet was worn, the wall trim needed re-painting. What was the worst, though, was that our room was so poorly cleaned. Sure, housekeeping had made the bed with clean linen, and the bathroom fixtures were shiny. What appalled me was the thick, fuzzy layers of dust on so many of the surfaces, i.e., bathroom lights, hair dryer, wall boards, etc. There was a large spill of what looked to be dried vanilla milkshake (I hope!) running down the side of one of the nightstands. There were a number black marks on the ceiling, of all places. When a guest can SEE this much dirt, how much dirt and germs are there that's not readily visible? In these tight economic times, it's understandable that remodeling projects have to be scaled back or put on hold, but there's really no excuse for dirty rooms. Oh, one other thing: the plumbing was very noisy. Every flush and running tap and shower in the general vicinity of our room could be clearly heard.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Location	right in the middle of the strip. perfect for walking to either end or across the street to Caeser's Palace.	
Oct 8 2009 	Way better than I had expected.	We were very pleasantly surprised. The rooms were very nice. The pool was lovely. The casino was very nice. For some reason I expected this resort to be more of a 'party' hotel. We chose to stay here because we had friends staying there &amp; a wedding to attend across the street at Ceasars. Our stay was comfortable &amp; the location on the strip was perfect! My only complaint is the air conditioner in our room was very loud &amp; it was too cold (for my liking). Note: We did not stay in the newly renovated section of the hotel (rooms were sold out) &amp; we did not go to the new, topless pool. Our room was still very nice. It was a very large room with a couch/sitting area &amp; good size bathroom.	
Oct 8 2009 	Everything you need but not 4-5 star quality	There are over 2,300 reviews posted here, so I will have to agree with most recent comments. Are the rooms older? Yes (Standard Rooms). Mine was clean and comfortable with an excellent view, and I got to visit a friend's GO Room. Very fun, and complete with 21st century video and sound systems. Worth the extra $40/night, but I decided to pass.So as long as you have a clean room, and are a short walking distance from EVERYTHING worth walking to, I have to give the Flamingo Hotel and Casino an Excellent rating.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Location-Shabby Facilities	To be fair, there were some good points to our 3-night, 4 days stay at the Flamingo- The location on the Strip is excellent, the price of the rooms was reasonable, and the employees in the hotel and restaurants were always very pleasant and helpful. That said, the rooms were very shabby; stained carpeting, stained bedspreads, a bathroom so small your knees almost hit the door when you sit down. The pool area was very crowded, and with so many people eating and drinking in the area all day, it would be nice if they cleaned the deck areas. I didn't want to take off my shoes to walk to get in the pool. I must say that the water quality in the pool was fine. There are a few very pleasant outdoor eating/drinking areas on the property, but I really wanted to ask for a rag to wipe off the tables and chairs since they were so filthy.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good choice with the reasonable price~	I made a reservation with Expedia and got a coupon book.It was around $ 40 and fortunately I got upgrade a suite room (we arrived around midnight, I guess that's why we got it). It was super~.Actually I stayed next day at Venetian delux room but this one is better that Venetia. Of course don't compare to flamingo standard room.Without upgrade, the pool and hotel was satisfied with this low price.If you come with kids, I reall recomend flamingo. the pool was guite big and nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Overall Good Experience and Great Price	I was very sceptic of staying at the Flamingo after reading the reviews, however, I had a positive experience and would recommend to anyone in my age range (mid 20's)looking to stay on a budget.  Pros: In the middle of the action of the strip. Pool area gets crowded,but a lot of fun. Taxi line was never too long. The standard rooms were sufficient, no bells and whistles but I didn't find it to be dirty. Check out on a Sunday a.m. went swiftly. Staff was prompt with out request for a cot. Outdoor bar on the strip was fun.Cons: There were 6 of us in 2 rooms (1 group arrived 6 hours ahead of the other) and originally we were told the rooms would be next to each other. This didn't happen. Pool drinks are $$. (But it is vegas i guess) Buffet was decent, but not worth the line or money IMO. I would stay there again for the location alone, however, I wouldn't ever make the mistake of going in July again. Holy heat!	
Oct 8 2009 	Flamingo was ok	We stayed at the Flamingo September 24th and 25th. I like being center strip and the hotel was nice. The room was clean. We had a go room on the 17th floor. The only thing I HATED about the room was the air conditioning was sensored. So if you are sleeping and don't move the air doesn't come on. COME ON we are in Vegas people we need the air circulation and the air to come on. We finally figured out that if you stuck your leg up in the air every now and again it would make the air come on. Not fun when you are trying to sleep...Other the that the location was great the price was right but I would not stay here again with air conditioning like that!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Place to stay!!	We found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly. The housekeeping staff were very accommodating and helpful We had a clean room with extra towels - always important. The casino was very nice as well. I would stay here again when I go back to Vegas.	
Oct 8 2009 	Flamingo.....more like Seagull	I decided to surprise my husband with a trip to Vegas for his birthday. Friends of ours decided to come and join us for the week. This being our first time in Vegas we were naturally excited, that was until we checked into our room. At first glance, I found myself somewhat disappointed. The room did not resemble the pictures on-line at all. As we settled in, I was disgusted to find questionable remains, dried on to the inside of my lamp shade. It also had been attacked by some kind of wild creature. Later, my husband was surprised to find hair left behind in the shower. Our sheets had rips as well as tears and our chair looked like it had been part of a crime scene. After speaking with our Uncle who also had similar complaints, we placed a call to the front desk. The response we received was..........Well, we our in the middle of a recession but I will be sure to mention this to house keeping. I believe that d/t the recession, customer service should only improve. It's no wonder why our country is in trouble.I am aware that the Seagull, I mean the Flamingo is an older hotel, however, I don't think it is an unreasonable request to have clean and whole free sheets, a hairless shower and furniture you can actually sit on. I would never recommend the Flamingo to anyone. If you are looking for something comparable, may I suggested the Motel 6.	
Oct 7 2009 	What a dump!!!!	They really need to implode this rat trap of a hotel and start over. It started when I walked into the dated lobby and continued all the way through to the dated hallways and to the wallpaper peeling from the wall room. I think the Harrah's group has gotten too big in Vegas and the staffing and upkeep is not good. I was in town to see Cher and figured the Flamingo was a lower priced alternative to nicer places on the strip. I will trust my gut next time and spend the extra money to stay elsewhere.	
Oct 7 2009 	Cool Hotel	One of the best locations on the Strip...close to all the good stuff	
Oct 6 2009 	Location location location !	LIke real estate agents always say, &quot;Location, location, location&quot;....you can't beat the Flamingo for being in the center of all the action on the Strip. My husband and I traveled with two friends who are experienced Vegas visitors. Our &quot;Vegas experts&quot; also agreed the Flamingo is great place and bargain! We stayed in regular deluxe king room and we were very pleased with cleanliness and size of room. Yes, it could use some sprucing up as some wall paper was starting to peel and bathroom vanity needed some new paint but I will take cleanliness over perfection any time. The maid service was excellent! We ate breakfast and lunch buffets at the Paradise Garden Buffet and ate many other breakfasts at the Tropical Breeze Cafe. Excellent food and service in both dining areas. Flamingo is convenient to the Monorail (which we rode to MGM and Luxor) as well as having a very convenient UPS shipping center (which I should have used as my suitcase was over weight for return trip!). Casino was always busy at the Flamingo and had lots of options for slots, which I love. The gardens are absolutely beautiful and a nice respite from the Casino action. We would like to make Vegas an annual trip now for the 4 of us and when we return we will be staying at the Flamingo!	
Oct 6 2009 	Great value in the middle of the Strip	My friend and I have visted Las Vegas 4 of the last 5 years and stay in a different hotel each time (previous ones have been Mirage, Luxor &amp; Bally's). This place doesn't have the luxury of somewhere like the Mirage but then again we didn't pay Mirage money. For the 4 nights we paid (through Expedia) around 250 for a Deluxe room but chose to upgrade at the front desk's suggestion to a GO room for $30 per night. A bargain I would say - the GO rooms are nicely furnished (if a little femine for 2 blokes!) and have a huge flat screen TV and electric curtains (no room should be without these!).I have read nightmare stories on this review site about the Flamingo and I cannot say that any of the issues happened during our stay. The check in line was fine (we arrived on Thurs 1st October at about 3.30pm) and the staff were very courtious indeed. Our room was most satisfactory and whenever we needed guest services they were perfect. We took advantage of the auto check-out through the TV (lines were quite long on the Moinday morning we were due to check out) although this meant that we couldn't use the Total Reward points we had accumulated during the stay.I thought the public areas, lifts, etc. were just fine and perhaps people are being a little too fussy when they have a go at this hotel. Either that or they've lost their retirement dollars and that isn't the Flamingo's fault!The buffet is average at best (we only had breakfast there but you can't really get breakfast wrong can you?). Line wasn't long but it took ages for us to get seated. Food no better than average as I've said. We also tried the Bellagio (only a couple of dollars more) which was great. Another breakfast time we went to the tropical breeze cafe - the food there was good and decent value too. Wait was only 10 mins so better than the buffett. I would ignore the buffett for breakfast at this hotel and go somewhere else OR use the tropical breeze cafe. We didn't eat at the Flamingo for any other meals.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay here and I would most certainly recommend this hotel to anyone. The casino is good too (although they never seem to have low limit tables on when others such as Bally's do). Staff very friendly and no shortage of &quot;cocktails&quot;.	
Oct 5 2009 	always the best	i have stayed here every christmas and new years for over 10 years and every year is always top of the line. the rooms are always clean and nice. the hot tubs are open.	
Oct 5 2009 	I love the Flamingo!!!	I stayed at the Flamingo the week of my birthday, 9/27 through 10/1. It was an amazing experience!When I booked the room, I told Ken in VIP services that it was my birthday and he said he would take good care of me, and he did! I arrived to find I had a King mini-GO-suite! This room had a view of the Bellagio fountains, a sofa, a chaise, 3 TVs, the bed in an alcove that was lined with draperies, a coffee maker, mini fridge, shower and bathtub, and on and on and on. Thank you Ken for making my stay so memorable!The staff in the entire property was wonderful. I felt as if they were there to make my stay enjoyable. Even the security guards were pleasant and would strike up conversation asking about your stay and if there was anything that they could do for you.All in all, it was a great birthday and vacation and I would recommend the Flamingo to everyone who wants a good price, great location, outstanding service hotel in the most fantastic city in the world!	
Oct 4 2009 	Recession causing poor service????	Just returned from our second stay at the Flamingo. Was really disappointed this time in the service we received. Checkin was smooth and very short wait. Asked for upgrade and received a very nice Go Room with lovely view of Belagio Fountain. Friend had a great view of the grounds and pool area. No complaint at all with the room or elevator or general cleanliness of the hotel although the same glass was left in the hallway for 3 days. Why wouldn't housekeeping pick it up as they did the rounds of the rooms each day? Answer ... probably because they didn't do the rooms everyday. Second day our room wasn't made up had to call down for towels which came up within 15 minutes. Friend's room was only serviced once out of the 4 days we were there. Not acceptable. 3rd day no coffee in the Tropical Breeze Cafe found this out after we had ordered the continental breakfast which was to include juice and coffee. Realize that things happen but since we didn't get our coffee thought we should have reduction in price paid for meal........not happening, manager of restaurant wanted to charge more. Last straw was when we tried to print boarding passes for flight next day no paper in printer. So we headed for front desk. As we were telling the desk clerk about our problems I noticed the clerk next to her making faces as if she was very irritated with us. Sorry but that is what your job is, customer service right? Finally we spoke to Jessica and she was very understanding and helpful. Faxed a form to the company that operates the internet stations so we could recoup our money for the nonfunctioning printer and gave us each a credit to use in one of the restaurants. When we returned to our rooms after lunch they had been made up and clean towels and toiletries were available. What a shame that we had to voice our displeasure to get service that normally should be a routine. Just wondering if the recession is causing Harrahs to cut back on employees and therefore customers suffering. Slots really tight. Very little payout. Food all over Vegas not that good. Will be awhile before we go back. But will probably choose Flamingo again and hope we hit it better. PS First stay there was fantastic!!!!!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Disappointed........	We checked in on a Friday around noon and it was pretty quick, however there were times when we walked past the front desk and the check-in line was unbelievably long! The guy at the desk was very friendly, but we were not given our 'funbook' containing coupons and promotions upon check-in and had to return to the desk to ask for it. Our room was not quite ready since we were early, so we left our luggage as we were going to walk the strip for a while. The guys at that desk were not very discrete in their conversation and were using expletives which I found a tad offensive in this instance. The guy who delivered our luggage to the room was less than enthusiastic and not of much help when we had questions about the place. (He did, however, tell us that if we wanted ice we would have to go all the way to the other end of the hall for it as he had just been to the one at our end to get an icecube (what?), and it was not working. We were in an older room and it was obvious. The bathroom was not very esthetically pleasing and the shower head was awful. There was very little counter space too.The buffet restaurant was okay with respect to the food, but the temperature was absolutely freezing. Even the wait staff were in agreement. We ate lunch at the Burger Joint and it took forever for someone to come and take our order as well as to bring us our order. The Nathan Burton comedy/magic show was good. I recommend that one when combined with the buffet.There wasn't much of a variety in terms of slot machines and it was hard to find black jack tables at anything less than $15 a hand. (for us low rollers)The grounds were very nice with the fish and flamingos, etc.The pool at the flamingo was the worst experience I've ever had at a resort pool. It was like a bad spring break episode. Not a chair to be found and I would have been willing to throw my towel on the cement to lay down if there was even a square inch of cement available. You had to be strategic in your location due to all the trees if you wanted to suntan since there were a lot of shady areas as the sun passed over. The noise was crazy and I barely managed to stay for an hour before I'd had enough. Definitely not my idea of a relaxing day by the pool.The only good thing about the hotel in my opinion was the location on the strip. It is center strip so you don't have to go too far to get to a lot of other places. I say, if you just want a good location and you won't be spending too much time at the hotel, then for the money (it is one of the cheaper options) it is an 'okay' place to stay.But it's definitely not for me. I won't be going back to this hotel.	
Oct 3 2009 	Fantastic	Everything was great....room was cleaned everyday before noon. Everyone was friendly, tips were given out on a regular basis. Hotel is an old girl, but worth the stay! Would definately stay there again...Perfectly located.....Be prepared to wait a long time for check in, took us 1 hour or so. The only thing I didn't like was the 11 am check out. Our flight back to Canada wasn't until 11pm, so we had to hang around for quite a long time.....	
Oct 2 2009 	not 5 star but ok	stayed for 4 nights had a go room. room was clean, all the bad reviews had me wondering if i should go somewhere else. housekeeping was good, i checked in VIP so didn't have to wait in line which was pretty long, location was awesome! ate burger joint, buffet, tropical breeze all were good, pool is very crowded i got there early &amp; stayed so i had a seat! ask at pool bar for drink specials! otherwise $$! not a bad place if you want 5 star stay somewhere else!	
Oct 1 2009 	Location isn't everything - rooms are horrible	We paid $242 for a room on Saturday, 9/26. Good location, but there were holes in the sheets, tile removed from the inside of the shower (where it looked like a camera might have been located at one point), and hairs in the bathroom. I would never stay here again, regardless of the price. At $242, it felt like we were being robbed.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good location 	This was my third stay at the Flamingo, Las Vegas, from 9-17 to 9-21, 2009. I had gotten 2 weekday nights free from HET so the room was super cheap for the weekend. Had a regular room, what they call a deluxe room. It is fine since you are never really in your room in Vegas. We had a long line to check in to the hotel at 1pm, but our room was ready right away also. We got a couple beers from the bar to enjoy while we waited in line. I also got the refrigerator I requested in advance. We had a nice pool view as well.As others have stated the hotel needs some work in the common areas. Elevators, some halls, etc. The rooms are just ok. Our room was pretty clean though. No mold or anything in the bathroom. Sheets were clean, etc. It is kind of nice they did away with the icky bedspreads and just have a blanket with a colored throw on the end of the bed now. Our pillows were about the size and consistency of cotton balls, so at the start of our second day I asked housekeeping to bring up 4 more pillows, which they promptly did. The new pillows were much thicker and newer than those in our room on arrival. I have to say, the bath towels were quite new and fluffy though. The Flamingo is nice since it is a smaller hotel so the walk from the casino or pool to the room is quite short. Just watch out for the timeshare people by the main elevators. They left us alone this time though.The pool was crowded all weekend, but if you get down there early you can get a good spot. We had some early birds that took care of that every day. I did notice they were checking room keys as you entered the pool and they don't allow coolers or outside food anymore. But you could get one in if it was a small cooler. We like being close to all of the mid-strip hotels such as Bellagio, Mirage, etc. I think the only time I took a cab in 5 days was to go downtown and to the outlet mall. Overall, the Flamingo is in a good location and it is quite inexpensive for a mid-strip hotel. I'd stay here again for sure. Unless I win a major jackpot or something. Then I'd stay elsewhere! ha.	
Oct 1 2009 	Best location/value/fun on the Strip!!	We stayed here for 3 nights and it was THE best! I researched hotels for month's before I decided on this one, and I am so glad we went with it! The check-in process was smooth. The Go room was awesome! Great view! Affordable! The casino atmosphere was fun, plus the whole place smells like vanilla coconut! The pool was sweet! Great location, it was where all teh action was! The restaurants we ate at in the hotel were yummy (the Burger Joint and Margaritaville). Line was too long for the buffet. Room service was good! People were helpful and it was just a wonderful stay and we can not wait to go back! This was our first time in Vegas and after viewing the other hotels/locations, Flamingo, by far was the top!	
Oct 1 2009 	Upgrade to a Go room excellent location and great value for money	We spent 4 nights here, in two Go twin rooms, they were on the 24th floor and overlooked the swimming pools. The rooms were clean, modern and spacious. The bathroom was great, we always had clean towels and plenty of toiletries. The TV in the bathroom was a great novelty, watching Friends whilst in the shower was a 1st for me.Other reviews talk about bad smells, dirty rooms, pushy sales people, and rude staff, we didn;t see any of these. The parts of the hotel we used were clean and bright, the pools were great for what they were and the casino did what it said on the box. Walking through places such as Ceasers, the Bellagio and the Venetian it was obvious the Flamingo is a budget hotel, however we saved 200 by having a room at the Flamingo and it is free to walk around all the hotels and use their casinos and shops. We ate at the Bellagio buffet which was fabulous and drnak cocktails at Ceasers, which in theory were all paid for by what we saved. The Flamingo is bang in the middle of strip, one of the best locations you can get. It has it's own monorail station which is handy and the cab ride to the airport was just $15 for 4 ladies and their copious amounts of baggage.So long as you upgrade to a GO room I think this hotel offers great value for money, after all this is Las Vegas, how long do you spend in your room. In our case it was less than 7 hours in every 24!!! We had the buffet for brunch one day and it was good although not to Bellagio standards.	
Sep 30 2009 	It started out bad and just got badder.	I am not a complainer, and wasn't expecting the world of an older property, but I went through 5 rooms in my stay. First room I stayed in 1 night, not realizing until morning that it had ants throughout. I was moved to a smoky room (my original request was non-smoking) which I refused, and was moved to another room from there. Next morning, renovations began on the floor above at 5am, and I was told that would continue for 3 more days. The desk supervisor who assigned me the next room put me in what was likely the worst view room in the hotel, 7th or 8th floor looking at an A/C unit on the casino roof. By this time I was no longer willing to settle, and asked for a room that had a better view. The 5th room I was given was a nice view room, 19th floor, but there was mold top to bottom on the bathtub tile grout, and the sink had a strong sewer odor coming from it every time the water was run. I booked the room on hotels.com despite rumors that booking on discount web sites affords you a lower level of service. I have to say that my experience lends credence to the rumor, although I have used priceline many times and had no such problems.I wish I could say that I would be back, because the pool area is great as is the location. But my tour of sub-standard rooms will keep me away.	
Sep 29 2009	A clean hotel with friendly staff a little wear 	Let me start off by saying the guy that checked us in was the nices person I had ever met. I only wish I had his name so I could put in on here, I think he might have been gay but I am sure that is not a real effective way of figuring out who the guy was. Anyways, he was AWESOME. I went on this trip with my mother who is always in pain. We both loved our beds and did not want to leave them when it came time to go back home.The room was pretty clean except for when I dropped something behind the night stand, I moved it and then found a really dirty area in back and on the bottom of the stand. But other than that not bad. There were some water spots and maybe some soap not poperly cleaned off the bathtub and the bathroom had a little wear and tear and caulk but not that bad. I think the casino was alright. I am not really sure what else to say other than I am happy that we chose it and might go back there again but if I don't it's only because the nightclubs at two other hotels are more appealing to me.Make sure to ask where your room is because you may get one like this which was smack dab overlooking the ugly part of the hotel. It was right behing the big sign so we saw maitenance people coming and going down below and the roof of the entrance to the hotel. But maybe that is why it was cheaper, who knows.	
Sep 29 2009	Great location on "The Strip" but bedroms need refurbishing	We have just returned from a coach tour of California and Las Vegas. The location of the Flamingo Hotel on &quot;The Strip&quot; could not be better, opposite Caesar's Palace and Bellagio, but there ends any similarity. Our bedroom looked tired and jaded, the carpet was stained, the bathroom was dated, and in general the Hotel was crying out for a complete refurbishment. On the brighter side, the &quot;Tropical Breeze&quot; Cafe was good for Breakfast, the &quot;Deuce&quot; bus which plies up and down &quot;The Strip&quot; ($7 for 24 hours unlimited travel) stopped close by, and housekeeping responded to our request for an iron by sending up a brand new iron - still boxed!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great as Usual	Stayed for my third time at this property. Had a go room with view. The room was very average in sized but very nice in terms of amenties. There are some issues with gaps in the wall that allow one to look into the bathrrom, but other than that, I am very pleased with it. No, it isn't Bellagio or Caesars, but it is the best value for price in the center strip area in my eyes.	
Sep 29 2009 	Get the Go-Room...worth EVERY CENT!	We got engaged in Las Vegas in May 2007 when we were in Las Vegas (we stayed at the Flamingo then as well, because it was mid strip and LOVED the location and the fact that it had a monorail station right at the hotel)We decided for our wedding (at the Top of the Stratosphere May 2009) that we would stay at the Flamingo again because of the great location, but we would upgrade to one of their GO-Rooms..oh my god...if we ever go back to Las Vegas (and I'm sure we will...there is NO looking back now...it's the ONLY way to go!We had a view of the Bellagio Fountains from our room...hello! =D We really weren't in our room all that much-cause I mean it's VEGAS BABY! The day of the wedding I did get quite a bit of use out of the room though, because I didn't have my hair or makeup done until Makeup in the 702 showed up and I sure as hell wasn't leaving the room without any makeup on and my hair looking crazy...so yea...I used the room that day a lot =D Also the tv in the bathroom mirror was so cool as far as getting ready to go and doing your hair on the other days we were there...loved that! The pink lights in the bathroom...also VERY COOL! Anyways if you're in Vegas and are considering the upgrade...I say go for it..I think it was an extra $160 for 5 days which works out to something like $32 more a day...it was worth it!!!!!!! Check out the pictures =DDid I mention I met Donny Osmond (who was performing at the Flamingo) in the lobby on the way to get married?! YAY!!!!	
Sep 29 2009 	okay hotel by the strip close to most of things a bit shabby	This hotel is in a way a legend, but need some facelifting. Flamingo is an unpersonal and big hotel. Caeser's Palace is on the opposite side of Flamingo and some of my colleagues stayed there. Next time I would choose Caesar instead. The room was big and clean. The overall feeling is a bit shabby and old hotel. I stayed here for a business trip, so I don't know the price, but I think it was quite cheap...	
Sep 29 2009 	STAPH INFECTION!!!!!	went to Vegas for my 21st birthday weekend with a few friends and stayed at the Flamingo Hotel from August 19th through the 22nd. When i came home i started breaing out with sores all over my body and face. I ended up going to urgent care and was asked if i stayed at a hotel recently. I told them i had stayed at the Flamingo less than a week ago and they said it appeared to be a staph infection. They did a culture test and it came back as a SEVERE STAPH INFECTION!!! I was put on very strong antibotics and cream. The pain was HORRIBLE and now i am left with 10 scares from the sores. When I contacted the Flamingo on what happened, the first thing the desk clerk said was &quot;Not the first time i heard of this' I was transferred to security and the employee i first talked to also said &quot;not again&quot; I was given a case number and was contacted by CCMSI and spoke to Diane, where she assured me that they would compansate me for my medical bills and comp the hotel room. I sent all my medical reports, test results, and bills to Diane and did not hear anything for over a week. Finally after 10 days, I was contacted by Diane from CCMSI and was told that the Flamingo was not responsible and that i must have &quot;brushed up against someone on the strip&quot; and contracted the staph infection. I have made several phone calls to the hotel and have been greated by the RUDEST PEOPLE EVER. they told me that this aws not their fault at all and they wished me luck on getting them to pay for the bills. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great deal for what we paid!	No, the Flamingo is not the shiniest, fanciest, most modern hotel on the strip, and yes, it is beginning to show its age, but when I think about what a fascinating and illustrious history the place has, it only makes me love it more!Some people said the place was run down. I wouldn't agree. Yes, some things are very old, but they seem to be very well-preserved, for the most part. I love that the building has no thirteenth floor, to prevent bad luck (I realize that a lot of buildings do that now, but I think it's a really cool throwback.We got our room for super cheap. My fiance took me there as a surprise for my 30th birthday, and he only really planned a couple weeks in advance, so that might be why our tickets &amp; room were so cheap. We got a room on the back of the building, or at least, I'd consider it the back, because the main view from our windows was of a parking structure. We could also see a few other casinos and just being able to see for so far was awesome.There are two pools, the general pool and the &quot;European pool&quot; (translation: topless pool, some friends of ours were greatly surprised to discover this, and let us know ahead of time so we wouldn't be surprised, too). I think the &quot;adult&quot; pool was closed when we were there (not really prime pool season), and the regular pool had shortened hours. I'd definitely check with the staff to find out what time the pool is open until before you go, when we were there it closed at five, which is reasonable, but we didn't know, so we were a little disappointed when we went the first day. The &quot;pool info&quot; extension didn't work for us - it's listed in the directory - so you may have to actually call or stop by the front desk.Room service, as we expected, was ridiculously expensive, so we didn't order anything. There was a burger place downstairs - I think the name is &quot;Burger Joint ,&quot; and although we didn't go there, the prices looked reasonable enough. We did eat at the little deli/lunch place downstairs, the pizza was reasonably priced and it was pretty good. The staff at the bar that's right next to Burger Joint were really great, friendly and not hovering, but always making sure we were good on drinks. One of the guys even asked us if we were celebrating anything &amp; when we told him, he suggested a couple other places that we could get drinks that might be cheaper, which I thought was nice, even though I wondered if he secretly just wanted to get rid of us :)All of the staff that I came into contact with were really helpful &amp; friendly. It was a bit difficult to dodge all of the timeshare salespeople and condo salespeople that were hanging out by the elevators, but I guess everybody's got to make a living.The only negative I can think of right now: the hallway on our floor had several long stretches that REALLY smelled bad. Since we had to walk quite a distance back and forth from the elevators to our room, it was pretty awful. I don't know if guests were just being pigs and fouling up the carpeting, or if it just REALLY needed to be cleaned, but either way, it wasn't pleasant.Overall, if you can get your room at a reasonable price, I'd definitely recommend this place :)On a side note, it's a cab ride from the Flamingo to get to the historic downtown area of Las Vegas, but I'd definitely recommend it! Downtown (when we were there) was much less crowded, more laidback, and it had LOTS of things to see :)	
Sep 29 2009	Not Bad Overall But A Few Hitches	Our room was very conveniently located in proximity to the strip, just walk through the casino to the elevators. At some strip hotels, it is quite a hike to even get to your room. The room was very spacious. No view, but who spends a lot of time looking out the window? Negatives? Number One was the total absence of cocktail waitresses in the casino. We were there for four days and was waited on ONCE! However, at Bills next door, the cocktail waitresses came around almost before you hit the chair at the slots. So guess where we spent the most time??? Check in line was long, approximately a 30 minute wait, but I later saw some lines much longer. The bathroom was adequate, tho needing a little maintenance, and we had to ask for toiletries. We had a long chat with the director of housekeeping who fulfilled every wish we had regarding the small amenities. Very nice lady. The other contact we had with staff was equally good, they are all friendly and try to be helpful. The TV remote should be thrown out and replaced, it was worn out. But there again, we did not go to Las Vegas to watch TV, so not a huge deal. But best of all was the location, right in the center of everything.	
Sep 28 2009 	Perfect location trendy room nice pools/restaurants/casinos need better check-in service	As many of the reviews reflect, budget some time for check-in. We wait ~45min upon check-in as this is a very busy hotel that appears to be understaffed. Other than that, the remainder of the stay was perfect to include the business facilities. The pools are wonderful but get out there early. The room was perfect very modern with a very trendy decor had LCD TVs to include one in the mirror in the bathroom (nice touch). The room is pricy but the location and room itself can't be beat. Almost forgot, love the casino and restaurants. Overall, no complaints outside of the bad check-in service and slightly inflated cost.	
Sep 28 2009	Would never stay there again	We go to vegas every year and this was by far the worst HOTEL experience we have ever had. Check in was short and the room was ok. The buffet (breakfest &amp; dinner) was not worth the price. Late night food court was very slow. We recieved very bad advise on things to do from the hotel for group entertainment. Limo driver dropped us off at a place that had been closed for 3yrs to watch football OMG !!!!!!	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Location but a Dingy Dated Hotel	I stayed at the Flamingo for four nights while travelling with four girlfriends. It wasn't terrible, but I don't think I would stay here again.What worked: Despite long lines, we found the front desk staff quite friendly and helpful, as were the concierge personnel and the taxi stand attendants. The location is excellent and the grounds are lovely, although they smelled quite strongly of bird and fish dung.What didn't: The rooms. Ours was dirty, with unidentifiable splashes and gunk on the walls and floor. The bedspreads, blankets, furniture and carpet were also badly stained. Fortunately, the hotel is undergoing renovations. Unfortunately, they started in the room above us at 5:30 in the morning. When we called the front desk at 6AM , we were told &quot;that's when they start and the noisy part only lasts a half hour&quot;. Two hours later, we gave up on getting any more sleep and went for breakfast. We were offered a two-for-one buffet for the inconvenience but needed to pre-pay and go to the front desk to find the shift manager later for reimbursement. Given the long lines at the front desk, we passed. Unfortunately, we weren't alone in our room disappointment. Our friends had ants in their room, which was also worn-out, dirty and stained. They were upgraded to a room on a higher floor. It wasn't any cleaner, but at least there were no ants and they had a lovely view of the Bellagio fountains. Overall, the hotel needs a good cleaning. Even the pool, which seems to get raves from many patrons, was dirty.Granted, we didn't spend much time in our rooms or even at the hotel, so we had an excellent trip to Vegas. While the Flamingo wasn't awful, it just wasn't great. We're not particularly picky travellers and don't really mind if the bedspread doesn't match the chair. But the generally dirtiness, insects and construction were a bit of a turn off and I would be unlikely to return to the hotel at present. Here's hoping that the much-touted renovations will restore a Las Vegas landmark to it's former glory.	
Sep 25 2009 	Online Ripoff	We planned a leisure trip to Vegas and used an online source. (Trip Reservations.com)We viewed the virtual tour of the Flamingo Hotel and decided to stay here. When we arrived we checked into the room and to our amazement it was not what we viewed online. The carpet was stained with really big spots and the room was dark and dingy. We refused the room and was offered an upgrade for an additional charge. Of course we were forced to pay more and once we did the new room was the room that we viewed online. I think it is unfair to rent substandard rooms online and request more money for something decent once you get there. We recommend that you ask for the upgrade room upfront.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great stay	We stayed at the Flamingo for four nights (Sept 8-12). I was a little nervous staying there because of some of the reviews I had been reading. But, we had a great stay. We were in a regular deluxe room. The room was clean and appeared to be recently updated. The check-in line is ridiculously long, but it seemed to move fairly well. The check-in and check-out lines were one in the same, so we had to stay in a long line to check out too... luckily we gave ourselves enough time. The electronic check out from our room was not available (it was probably overloaded with everyone trying to use it). The pool is fantastic... crowded for sure, but we still managed to find a couple of chairs each day. It's an older casino, but the location is great and for the money we would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great location good value	I was a little nervous after reading about the check-in lines, and while they appeared to be fairly long every day we were there, if that is your only complaint, it's not bad. We did not upgrade to the strip view, and had a lovely view of the gardens and the mountains....loved the tv in the mirrow in the bathroom and the electronic closure on the curtains. We did upgrade to the GO room, so can't compare to the other. As stated before, the location is great for the strip and for the monorail. Yes, the hall carpet is a little grungy, but for the money I would definately stay there again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great value and location	The location is perfect, right in the middle of the strip. The price for the room was great, and it was a nice room. Many on site restaurants.The wireless internet is a ripoff - they charge $14 per day per computer. But it works well, at least.Having an in-hotel Hertz was great, and the car was cheaper than getting it from the airport.One small issue -- as we got out of the cab from the airport, early in the day, the luggage man tried to get us to pay to store the luggage, since he &quot;didn't think&quot; that it was late enough to check in. We said we'd try, and sure enough, we got into our room right away. I'm sure he was just trying to get a tip. Don't fall for it!A hint: if you take a cab from the airport, tell them to AVOID the tunnel. You'll save $10.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Value for the money	Booked 3 nights for $151.00 + tax, we upgrade to a GO Suite for an extra $75.00 per night but it was worth it as it had much more roorm and a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.Yes checkin is long it took about 40 minutes to check in and to check out.The room was nice and clean we were on the 26th floor, the room is showing already some wear and tear. Corridor carpets need a good clean. Pool area is very nice and lots of fun.Close to all the action of Vegas, straight across the road from Caesars Palace (beautiful) but expensive.Casino was great and all of the dealers and drink girls are always friendly especially Barbara.Would stay again if the money was right.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Location	First of all this hotel is at the best location on the strip, period... The hotel is old and yes the rooms could use some updating but for the money you can't beat it. I would find other places to eat like the Cortez Room at the Gold Coast is so so good, and very affordable. Also Ellis Island which is on Koval right behind bally's at the Super 8 has some great BBQ and beer brewery. The food again is great and very affordable. Terrible's casino down Flamingo has pretty decent food at an affordable price as well. Don't let the name fool you Prime Rib for $10... The pool at the Flamingo is really nice and the grounds at sundown are very romantic. Great place for the money, and you are in the center of everything...	
Sep 22 2009 	Ok Hotel	Spent 4 nights in one of the Flamingo's &quot;GO Rooms&quot; Our room was clean and updated with a very comfortable bed. The decor was quite gaudy for our taste, but this is Vegas. I asked for a strip view room at check in and we were given a 19th floor room with a beautiful strip view. We were suprised to find the carpet in the hallway was VERY dirty footprints etc. This would not have been the case in some of the more upscale resorts. All in all we decided the hotel was just OK. We would not have stayed there if my wife's conference had not been at the hotel. I thought the pool area was quite nice, but very very crowded. Hard to find a place to sit. Other than the room with the nice view, there was nothing or no one that would make me want to come back to the Flamingo.	
Sep 22 2009 	Resonably priced base for exploring the strip	I've stayed at the Flamingo three times now with friends to attend the comedy festival at Caesar's across the street. We can always get a reasonable rate (especially when split between a couple of us). We have been in both the refurbished and the old style rooms and either one really seems to be fine. The refurbished ones have more bells and whistles, but who's spending that much time in the room?The flamingo has a decent sized casino that could easily meet our gambling needs, and occasionally we would wander next door to Bill's for the lower table minimums. The dining options in the hotel are ok, but some seem to be a bit on the pricey side. The location however is hard to beat. Right in the middle of the action with many of the big name casinos really close by. There is also the convenient monorail stop attached right to the hotel, which makes it easy to explore the rest of the strip.For the price and location, I wouldn't think twice about booking the Flamingo on my next trip to the Vegas strip.	
Sep 21 2009 	Viva Las Vegas....	The hotel is set pretty much in the middle of the strip, everything is in such close proximity, which makes it a great location for sight seeing, nightlife shopping everything you could want in vegas.The hotel its self had a mixed age range from youngsters to old. It was busy every day, it was never quiet, although from your room you cant hear any of the noise from the casino etc.The hotel itself is a 3/ 4 * hotel... but if your not bothered by luxury and want a good cheap hotel with a fantasic location then this is your place! The pool is large, but in order to get a sunlounger be there early.. the pool doesnt open til 8 officially and there are guards watching..and the queue cab quite long by that point.. there is a pool bar and bbq.The hotel has several restaurants, i only ate at the Burger Joint, and at Margaritaville but there were about another 6/7 restaurants to choose from.We had a standard delux room, it wasnt the best and we did ask for an upgrade, but none were available.. but it was a big room but dated and could do with a make over..but we only really needed somewhere to sleep and get changed.The grounds were very clean, with a couple of wedding gazebos, and a wildlife area with flamingos, koi fish and turtles..The casino is large with several games tables, and slot machines. There are 2 main shows on at the Flamingo, &quot;Donnie and Marie&quot; and the &quot;X&quot; burlesque show. Didnt go to either so cant comment im afraid. There is a TV area where they show all the sports on about 10 screens.. for the brits they do show the premiership matches, and champions league games.I would say that this hotel is great if your not bothered by luxury and want a hotel close to the action. The hotel is opposite Ceasers Palace, and is about 15 minute walk to the MGM down one end of the strip and about 15 minutes walk to the Fashion show mall the other way...We went for a week, and found loads to do, lots of good bars, shops, attractions, everything you could want. But you do find you will spend a lot of money whilst there.. i found all the waiters and waitresses very friendly and helpful. You can go in and out of any hotel and drink alcohol whilst walking along the street and in and out of bars...its all very relaxed...Its an awesum place to visit and i will be returning again, and will stay again at this hotel.. some tips.. dont go on the gondolas at the Venetian a waste of money.. go on the rides at the Stratosphere, do go on a grand canyon tour, and see a show! For the Brits out there, try the Gun Shop you can fire any gun you want at a target.. my husband had an AK47 and i shot an Uzi its not something you get to do in the Uk and it worked out about 70 for the pair.. its all very professional when your in there. For bars.. try the Rumbar at the Mirage and the Rockbar along the strip for cheap drinks..One last tip (this is for the Brits again) remember your ID for drinks in the restaurants and bars they ask you everywhere, im 30 and i was still getting asked!!	
Sep 21 2009 	Big Dissappointment	Wow!!!! needs total renovation. I have been going to the Flamingo for about 10 years now. It has changed. I read all the reviews for this year and said to myself - the Flamingo has always been a great place to stay. Well no more!!!!! Upon arriving in our room (after 1 hour in line) the room was dark so I decided to plug in the light at the desk. Well I got shocked and then the socket started to smoke. They did change our room and put us on the 27th floor. I guess gravity doesnt work well in the Flamingo because the toliet would not flush, only after 20 flushes would it work. The room was fairly clean (Not how I like to keep house) but will never stay again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Ugh.	REALLY LONG WAIT to check in. Took me 50 minutes to make it up to the receptionist! Woefully understaffed reception desk. Finally got to my room and ordered room service and was told it'd be over an hour to get any food because they were so busy. Indeed, food arrived 1 hour 15 min later. Mediocre. Pricey enough to be a fancy meal.Dirty room - stains from I-don't-want-to-know-what on the couch and bedspread. Looked pretty suspicious. Cheap shampoo and bar soap in the bathroom.Thick walls - couldn't get cell phone reception from my room.Was there for a conference. Won't return.	
Sep 21 2009 	Fantastic Flamingo	Frequent visitor to Vegas, have stayed at Flamingo and Bally's many times. Have always had an outstanding experience with staff, shops, casino, resturants, pool and room service. The entire staff is very helpful and friendly. Cocktail hostess comes around frequently. A Total Rewards card is a must. Don't forget to tip the dealers and cocktail hostesses. The Vinnie Favorito Show is fantastic as long as you don't cringe at four-letter words. We go to Vegas to get away from everyday life and always have a ball. Relax and enjoy.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Stay--though it depends on whether you get a remodeled room or not	OK I've read a lot of reviews about the Flamingo and it seems 1) there are an awful lot of people who expect the Bellagio for Flamingo prices, and 2) haven't seemed to pick up from the other reviews that this hotel is in the middle of a (very nice) renovation. I have attached pictures to show.Renovation work is not obvious....I think they have certain floors just closed off, as I was on the 17th floor and most of 8-15 never seemed to have a reason to stop at. You can see pictures online of their &quot;Classic&quot; rooms, which are older and very basic. The new GO rooms, which I stayed in, are fantastic...great beds, bathroom (with a huge tub, the person who said they didn't have tubs either got a handicapped room, or wasn't quite all there). The large flat-screen TV is hooked into a denon stereo, which I hooked up my IPod to. The drapes are controlled electronically by switches between the beds....how nice to dim the room in the morning if you forgot to the night before! Electrical outlets were everywhere, and ambient low level lighting is an option.Someone also mentioned the hallways not being up to par. Well, on the 17th floor, they are very nicely remodeled to match the rooms too. I have also attached a picture of the hallway outside to show you.As to the services, the restaurants are good, though dated in decor....I'm sure they'll get to those soon. The pool was great but busy, though I didn't mind that at all. The elevators are brand new also....super fast up and never had to wait, so perhaps the review that mentioned that was before that upgrade.If you're considering staying at the Flamingo, get a GO room to avoid any issues. As to the rest, my guess is that you'll see even more changes by the time you arrive. Cut them a bit of slack, they are doing a great job updating.	
Sep 18 2009 	What a deal!	Travelled with friends and got comped in a GO room with a great view of the strip from the 29th floor. Room service was FAST and friendly. Shower was hot and great pressure. Requested a coffee pot when I made my reservation and they brought me 2 of them and a large assortment of coffees and teas. Pool was very crowded and could not get a chair after several attempts. Hallways a little dingy. Did not eat on the property other than room service. Salon services were great and priced right. Carpet in room stained, but the rest of the room appeared clean other wise. Check in and out a breeze, friendly staff, extra towels delivered quickly, and maintainance to reset safe arrived within minutes. Perfect location on the strip, not a '5 star' experience, but could not have asked for a better value overall! Had a blast!	
Sep 17 2009 	Better than expected	I travel frequently and stay in many hotels. This was an above average experience for all of us. We arrived on a Sunday and I was nervous after reading everyone's review. We rented a car and the free parking and ramp location was a plus. We arrived at 4:30 pm and had to wait for 25 minutes to check in but the nice check in guy made it worth the wait. We had stayed at the Flamingo 25 years ago and wanted to stay here for sentimental reasons (25th anniversary). I was nicely surprised. We had just a regular deluxe room (package deal with air) at a great value. Our room was on the 15th floor and overlooked the pool. We were right by the elevator so that was nice too. No noise issues. The room was clean and neat and quite large, nothing too fancy but very suitable for us. We had a king size bed, love seat, chair and coffee table along with a desk and chair. Our friends had 2 queens in their room so no love seat. We used our room for cocktail hour. The windows were large and afforded us a nice view of the pool area. The halls were kept clean and we never saw or smelled anything offensive the entire stay. As a matter of fact, one day we even saw the cleaning supervisor ? inspecting the premise. She called someone to come up and clean a piece of gum someone had dropped on the carpet in the hall and within an hour it was gone. The pool grounds are very nice and plush. We went to the pool at different times daily and never had problems finding 4 chairs. The pool water was cool but it was hot 90+ out. The lifeguard states that they constantly pump fresh water into it so that is why it was so cool. It was refreshing to us. I did not like that we could not bring our own food or beverages to the pool area as these items were very expensive there. I did see some people with their own items but were were asked when we arrived into the pool area. You could avoid this by taking the back way by the tennis courts into the pool area I guess. Had a great time at the Flamingo and we all agree that we would stay again without hesitation.	
Sep 17 2009 	Poorly Maintained Hotel But Awesome Pool	Let me start by saying that my wife and I go to Vegas once or more per year. We have stayed up and down the strip. It had been several yars since we had stayed at the Flamingo and decided to give it a try as they offered appealing prices and I love the cental location on the strip.Check in went fairly well and they talked us into upgrading to one of their newly renovated GO-Rooms. We went up to our room to find the closet door being held together by medical tape and the very heavy glass sliding door leading to the bathroom of the track. We called down to the front desk and they did not seem very suprized or concerned. After about 20 minutes on the phone with 3 different staff people I was told that they would bring keys up for a different room. A bellman brought up the new keys and we were escorted to a room next door. The room was O.K. but I could see the same problems with the closet and the sliding glass door eventually hapening here. The redesigned rooms are poorly done and probably not worth the additional dollars per night although the mattress is very comfortable!!!We were there for 6 nights and during our stay we had room service carts in the hallway for 48 hours or more at a time. Hallway and elevator floors were dirty and not cleaned regularly. The pool was awesome and unlike the rest of the property, well maintained!!! We enjoyed both the regular pool as well as the adult Go-Pool. The pool is one of the nicest in Vegas and has a tropical resort feel. I know times are tough in Vegas and all the hotels/casinos have cut staff and budgets but the Flamingo is really showing extreme signs of neglect in both the hotel rooms as well as the common areas. Right now I would probably not recommend this hotel unless they are looking to spend most of their day at the pool.	
Sep 17 2009 	I think i want to try somewhere else next time	We have stayed here many times. I have only been disappointed one other time and that was when the Flamingo was purchased by Harrahs and they were going through some changes. The staff was not very nice that year - check in staff, waiters and waitresses in the restaurants, cleaning folks and the cocktail waitresses. I am glad I gave them a few more tries as after the initial bumps of changing owners things seemed to iron out. Our stay this time was not horrible, but it was not the vacation type experience I was hoping we would get. We are comped at several Harrah's properties. We chose to stay at the Flamingo again because we had a good time here the last two years. This year while booking I was offered an upgrade to a Go Room (we have stayed in these before) for a charge. We thought about it and took it because the Go Room we had about two years ago was nice. When we arrived at the hotel on Wednesday the 9th it was in the early evening. There was not much of a line and there were 3 clerks working. When I got up to the head of the line (actually ended up being the last one in line at that time). one of the clerks took a break and I had to wait for one of the other two. One of the people in front of me had a quick transaction with one of the clerks and I could tell that I wasn't going to enjoy the clerk's attitude. I was hoping the other one would finish first because she seemed very nice. That didn't happen and I ended up with the guy with the attitude. Right off the bat he told me they did not have my room choice - king non-smoking. They still had Go Rooms but I would have to take a handicap/non-smoking king, a double/non-smoking or a king smoking. I called my husband over which seemed to annoy the clerk. I have no idea why as no one was waiting. I explained to my husband who told me he did not want double beds. I asked the clerk how smokey did the smoking rooms smell - did they use an freshner after each quest? He rather rudely laughed and said it depends on the last guest. Well I understand that, but he could have said virtually the same thing with a different attitude and it would have been fine. I said we would take the smoking king - his description of the handicap bathroom was not appealing. As soon as I said this he tapped on his keyboard and said &quot;oh sorry we don't have any&quot;. He said it in such a way you could tell he was not one bit sorry he was actually happy he was upsetting me. I really dont' get this either because I was keeping my cool and being polite to him. My husband later said that he could tell that this guy is the type of person who likes to ruin people's days because he hates his job and this is the only way he can get his jollies for the day. I told him we would take the handicap room and asked that if we were not pleased with it was there anyway I could check in the morning to see if a king non-smoking had opened up. He said I could try but good-luck as they were booked up and it probably was not going to happen.The hallway to room 20083 was the most disgusting thing I have ever seen in any hotel I have stayed in Vegas. Even the extremely low budget ones downtown. It was unbelievably stained and dirty. It looked as though they never attempted to clean it. I was very worried about what I was going to find behind our door. We opened the door and found that the room was at least clean. The carpet in the room looked nothing like the hall - thank goodness. The bathroom was a complete shock. While I was told the handicap shower did not have any walls since it was handicap accesible, I thought the shower might be a little more offset than it was. No. It wasn't set deeper into the bathroom so when you took a shower the WHOLE bathroom floor was soaked. I thought it was silly there was two drains in the bathroom floor. One right under the shower and one in the middle. I was like surely it doesn't get that wet. Um yeah it does. The drains were so dirty they barely drained at all. There was mold at the bottom of the shower. The next morning when my husband took a shower the whole floor was soaked. I opened the bathroom door and he yelled at me to be very careful because it was slippery. This is very dangerous as when you leave the bathroom you have to walk out into the front area of the room that has that slick marble floor. This is an accident waiting to happen. They only give you one small bath mat and three towels. While they are plush towels you need about 6 towels when you stay in this room to mop up the water. I tipped the maid a larger amount and asked her if we could have extra towels during this stay. She was very polite and left us several extra each day (we ran into her when we were coming back up one day - she was very nice). I feel sorry for any handicap person staying in this room by themselves. I would think they have to put up with that full floor being soaked the whole time. I have stayed in many hotels on my daughters soccer tournaments and have stayed in the handicap rooms due to overbooking by the hotels. I have never seen such a poor set up. The sink even seemed like it was set to high for handicap accesible. The last thing that was wrong with the room was the hair dryer was broken. It still worked but it was one that you had to pull into a certain position for it to lock to stay open. That did not work so I had to hold it upside down to dry my hair. That was not too big of a deal. Here is my main gripe about not getting the room I requested....I really feel the hotel was holding their king/ non-smoking rooms for those people arriving on Thursday- Sunday trips. We were there Wed-Sat. Saturday is an odd checkout day for Vegas. We went back up to our room on Thursday morning with a young couple who didn't know where their room was. I overheard their room number and told them they were about 3 rooms down from us. They had a king/non-smoking. They were checking in at 9:30 in the morning. I doubt very seriously anyone had checked out of that room that morning and the hotel had time to clean it. This is just my opinion.This hotel is a high traffic hotel - always has been, but is even more so now that Harrah's caters to the low rollers like myself. I think we will either try Bally's or Paris next time we want to stay at a Harrah's property. I am actually beginning to prefer the attitudes of the staff off strip and downtown more now. They seem to be genuinely happy you are there.	
Sep 17 2009 	Not bad at all	Stayed in Vegas for my 3rd time and each time a different hotel, Tried Imperial Palace--avoid at all costs--dirty, South point--Beautiful, but way too far from the action, will take an hour to get to the strip everyday. So this time Tried the Flamingo, this was a surprise from what we were expecting. The cost of the room is under 100 for a King bed , the view was nothing at all ( top of the garage) but who cares I'm not in Vegas for the room. The room was clean, the hotel itself was clean, lots in the hotel, bird habitat on the premises, great pools, and best of all, center of the strip. If you want a better room, with a view, take the &quot;GO&quot; rooms, they have loads more amenities, and a better view, all have been updated. But if a nice clean place to rest your head, at a great cost in comparison to other centrally located hotels, this is the place to stay.	
Sep 17 2009 	Flamingo	Lets start by saying the Flamingo Hotel &amp; Casino is right in the center of the strip. It is the best location in Vegas to travel to and from other casinos and hotels. Depending on what you are paying per night (any more than $199 per night on FR/SAT/SUN would be too much, if the price is more you may as well stay at the Bellagio. The rooms were okay. You could tell the Hotel was old as far as the rooms and hallways went, even though they claim to have fixed up the &quot;new&quot; GO ROOMS. The public spaces were very nice, the Casino and Lobby, etc. Slots were money eaters, but playing the tables were fun. Lets see, ummm if you eat go to Bills between 12-6am for the $5.99 steak and eggs, it's really close. Skip Serendipity's, it's not that great and the prices suck. Subway, Burger King and McD's are all close. Also, do not eat at the burger joint in the Flamingo, service sucked and food was bland. You must go to the pool for at least a few hours and catch some rays... they have a nice pool area.	
Sep 16 2009 	Good hotel. Excellent location and value for money.	The Flamingo is better than some of the review it gets.We booked a Go Room and got a great room on the 22nd floor with an excellent view of the strip.The service in the hotel was excellent throughout and all staff were friendly and helpful.The pool area is good. You have to be in early to get a sun lounger though, as it gets busy. There is the option of the Go Pool though which was less busy, with better sun loungers and allows topless bathing.The location and value for money are the best things about the hotel though.It's right in the centre of the strip so is within easy walking distance of all the other hotels and restaurants.We also got a great rate for our Go Room, so we definately felt we got value for money.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Location Hotel Rooms Need Updating and Repair	My daughter and I stayed at the Flamingo Hotel for Labor Day weekend. The hotel is convienently located on the Strip with access to many of the larger hotels, casinos and shows. We arrived at 12 noon and opted for a room that was available instead of waiting until 5 p.m. for another room to open up. I asked for a &quot;To Go&quot; room but was told they had none available this weekend. After looking around the room we noticed that the room was in need of some updating and repairs. The carpet was so worn that it was smooth in the middle of the room. The toilet paper roll holder was falling out of the wall and being held in by the trash can. The lighting in the bathroom was so poor that you could not apply makeup. One of the lamps on the bathroom wall had a lamp shade that was burned through by a light bulb. There were four lamps in the bedroom, but only three worked. You could see that one had been moved the desk and traded with another one in the room. This could have easily been fixed by replacing a light bulb. The curtains were falling off the hooks and could have been easily put back on the hooks by the maid. Some of these things were minor and could have easily been fixed. The room, bedding, and towels were clean. I was totally disappointed in the room I was given this year. Last year I had a &quot;To Go&quot; room which is wonderful. When I went to ask for another room I was told they had a busy weekend and were sold out. There was offer to switch rooms or fix some of the problems. The casino is smaller than other casinos close by. The casino staff was very friendly and helpful. I used valet service and found that staff to be helpful, except when we checked out at 3 a.m. to catch a flight. There is only one valet working at that time so calling ahead for your car is not an option. We had to wait about 15 minutes at 3 a.m. for our car. The buffet is average and what you would expect for a strip buffet. The pool area is nice with two pools, one for family and one for adults only. After this experience I will not stay at the Flamingo again. There are plenty of nice hotels on the Las Vegas Strip in the same area to stay at.	
Sep 15 2009 	4th year in a row still a charm!!!!!!!	just got back from a 7 night stay at the flamingo, and as usuall we had a great time!!!!! arrive on 9/7 at 10 am, did find a long line but since me and hubby are platinum card holders we were able to check in without waiting ( rest of the party not so lucky, but still only took about 20 min to check in, since we were in a go room #28056 (awsome room), we had to check our luggage since it was not ready ret, but this wasnt a prob since we were all hungry anyway, our room was spectacular, it was spotless, we were on the top floor on the bills side and we had a perfect veiw of the bellagio fountains, i laid on the small chaise many times watching the different shows, the only problem we had with our room was the prev occupent had left behind their diabetic needles, we called the front desk and they were removed within minutes, our room was cleaned early everyday and they left extra towles because we requested them, the tv and stereo were nice and the tv in the mirror of the bathroom was great, we only spent one day at the pool, but we found chairs pretty easy, and it wasnt crowded at all, we ate at the buffet several times and it was good everytime, we also ate at margarittaville and the burger joint and all was good, drink service in the casino was a little slow, but if u tip well,you will be taken care of, and everyone we encountered was very friendly, the casino is being painted and freshened up, but it looked fine to me regardless, this was our 4th year staying here and we will continue to stay here, they give us great comps and coupons, and if u look u can find good coupons on line for food and shows. we had a blast as usuall and will stay with the flamingo again, i highly recomend.	
Sep 15 2009 	Showing its age but still a good deal and located on the heart of the Las Vegas strip	Having just returned from a 4 day trip to Las Vegas, I was happy with my stay at the Flamingo. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. They hotel is showing its age; having been built in the 1940's. The rooms are clean, but are worn. The facilities are very good. The pool is exceptional. The biggest advantage of the Flamingo is its location. Located middle strip, you are within walking distance to most major casinos. I would recommend the hotel.	
Sep 15 2009	Flamingo was just what we needed	I traveled to this hotel with family members. We were concerned about the poor reviews so we upgraded to the go room prior to arrival. The Go rooms are great! The hotel is a great value for the location. We had rooms on each side of the building so I can comment that the views are great (one room was pool view and one was strip view). We weren't impressed with the Buffet (we tried it for breakfast and dinner). I did encounter one rude guest service employee who told me (when I requested a coffee pot) that coffee makers were no longer in the rooms and that if I knew of a room that had one (which my Grandma's room did) we better keep it a secret or it would be removed. However, the next day the cleaning personnel put a coffee pot in the room. II thought that was curious. Other than that one individual everyone we encountered at the Flamingo was pleasant and helpful. I'd definately stay there again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Can't go wrong with a GO room! Amazing!	I went with a buddy of mine on a labor day weekend trip to Las Vegas (we actually arrived on the Sunday and stayed till the Wednesday) and chose the Flamingo as it was one of the most central, yet affordable options on the Strip. We managed to get a great deal by booking a &quot;Go get wet&quot; package on the Flamingo web site. Included was 3 nights in a Go Room, 2 free drinks and all for roughly $80 a night. When we arrived at check in there were only 3 other people in line. This is most likely because we arrived at 9pm on a Sunday night and most people were already checked in for the weekend. The front desk agent was friendly and informed us on many of the features of our room. The elevator ride up was fine, many have complained about these elevators for some reason, but I have no clue why. Sure, they weren't the cleanest , but they worked fast enough and did exactly what an elevator should do: get you to your floor!Once we arrived at our room, here is how it went:The room was eye catching from the moment we stepped in. With a pink and white theme it was certainly unique, yet in a retro style that was very fun to stay in. There is a huge 42 inch flat screen mounted above a stereo system opposite the beds. The beds themselves were quite comfy, and made for an easy sleep. Next to the beds was a few switches which controlled the sheer drapes and regular drapes, so you never had to get up to let more or less light in the room! Also included in the main room was a closet with a safe built in as well as an iron/ironing board. The bathroom was equally amazing! The door to the bathroom is a sliding glass frosted door (frosted enough so you can't see what is going on inside...thanks goodness!) . Once you get in it is quite spacious. Immediately you will notice there is a tv built into the mirror (really cool), an elevated sink, and a decent sized walk in shower. The shower is actually quite a luxury as on top of having a regular shower head there is actually a misting jet half way down which is great for a morning back massage!.The Flamingo itself is a great property. Despite being one of the oldest on the Strip the casino floor was no more or less old then its younger competition on the strip. The sports book looked ok, and the blackjack dealers were friendly and enthusiastic. The best part of the facilities was the pool area which was quite large in size and despite other reviews to the contrary: very clean! The surrounding of palm trees, waterfalls, and a waterslide make it one of the best on the strip. Did I mention there was poolside blackjack?******************************************CONCLUSION*******************************************Overall the GO Room made for a perfect stay! For a small difference in price from the regular rooms it made a world of difference. The room was much better than pricier base level rooms at Caesars, Mirage, or Paris. Only complaint would be the lack of staff, especially at the concierge desk, which I could never get a hold of over the phone. The pool is the best you will get outside of Mandalay Bay and Bellagio, and overall you can not beat the location! Would go again!Oh, and if you want a great place for a bite to eat, The Burger Joint is an awesome choice at a reasonable cost!	
Sep 14 2009	Great Place - Great Location	I stayed here for the purpose of seeing the Donny &amp; Marie show. The room was great. I absolutely loved it. I plan on staying here again next year and attending the D&amp;M show again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Found Underwear in My Bed	I woke up my second morning and found underwear (that was not mine) in my bed, it was next to my feet. I was very upset and complained, I eventually changed hotels. They were not accommodating at all and the event was very traumatic. I highly recommend staying elsewhere.	
Sep 13 2009 	Decent Cheap Hotel in middle of Strip	So I've been to Vegas on numerous occassions and have stayed at Treasure Island, Imperial Palace and now the Flamingo. Our trip was Sept. 5 - Sept 9, 2009, over Labor Day weekend. We arrived in Vegas fairly early on Saturday, so we went out for a long lunch and checked in at 2pm. There was a short line, that moved fairly quickly. My gf and I checked in w/o a hitch. However, the two other parties I was with, were unable to get a room and were told to come back down around 5-6p. Our room was on the 10th floor, over looking the pool and wildlife habitat, so it had a decent view. The room itself probably hadn't been updated since the 80s. While the fixtures, furniture and carpet were old and a little run down, the room was pretty clean. It reminded me a lot of a Holiday Inn before their widespread renovations. Our friends ended up not getting a room until about 7:30pm, after checking several times for availability. Meanwhile other guests were checking in and getting rooms. One of the two friends waiting for a room, was given a room that hadn't been cleaned and walked in to a floor covered with cheerios, and bananas all over the desk. He was eventually upgraded to a strip view room (not a go room or suite) that was about 1 mile from the nearest elevator and provided a $30 hotel credit. The other friends were able to get a suite out their long wait. The hotel itself is slightly dated, and is in need for a renovation. The casino is pretty big, and quite confusing the first few times you walk through. The Lobby is always bustling, there's a handful of shops and restaurants and the front desk always has a line. However, given the amount of guests that pass through each day, everything was pretty clean, and the staff remained friendly. The location of the Flamingo is excellent, directly across from Ceasors, next door to Bill's and Ballys, and a stones throw from Bellagio, Mirage, Harrah's, TI, etc. Its definitely a good place to stay for those more concerned with price and location rather than luxury. The restaurants at the Flamingo are decent. They have a Burger Joint that serves strictly burgers for around $10-$15, a Buffet which is pretty good, several bars, a small pastry cafe and a restaurant called Tropical Breeze Cafe. There's also a Margaritaville (your typical over rated, over priced Jimmy Buffet affair) and a Steakhouse, which is pretty price. We ate at Tropical Breeze and Margaritaville during our stay. The Tropical Breeze, is fairly reasonable in price, but can get pretty crowded. We ate there on a Monday morning, and it was packed. It took about 20 minutes just to get coffee and juice, and took about twice that just to get our food. When we asked to speak to a manager about the delays, instead of apologizing our waitress was very rude and decided to blame the delay on our omelets. The excuse was that only 1 person was available to cook omelets, which is why everyone around us received their food first, b/c they were eating pancakes, waffles, etc. She even made a point to go around to each table and point out what they received and why they received it first. Completely unacceptable. The Manager, while friendly and appearing to listen to our remarks, couldn't give two cents about our issue and made zero attempt to rectify it. Needless to say, no tips were left behind. Margaritaville, is just an over priced restaurant. You're essentially paying $5 more for each entree b/c of the flair and name of the joint. The food was non-impressive, and the portions were small for the price. Since there were 5 of us, we ordered the 100oz Margarita tap for $50 (rather than 1 rita each for $8). Instead we received about 50oz of actual margarita and 50oz of ice, rather disappointing. Other disappointing features around our trip was the Flamingo pool. It has one of the best pools on the strip, a beautiful layout, and a nice waterslide. Only problem is, it closed at 5pm after labor day, so we were kicked out of it several times during our stay. Also, it was slam packed on the weekend. Overall, the Flamingo is a decent place. The rooms are just OK, no frills, but the location is excellent. I would definitely recommend it over the Imperial Palace (complete crap, do yourself a favor and DONT stay there), but its definitely not as nice TI. If you can afford Ceasars, PAris, Mirage or TI, I would stay there. Otherwise, the Flamingo is a good choice for a budgeted traveler looking for a no frills room that is clean.	
Sep 13 2009 	location is good	Pros: Nice size room,clean bathroom ,warm shower, they cleaned the room every dayand Great Location!Cons: no temp control. on it's64deg or off at 72degThe hotal won't print your boarding pass unless you are a high roller!Get your boarding pass at the airport don't use the online pay $5.00 computers it will cost you $10.00 or more. get it free at the airport!	
Sep 12 2009 	Give Flamingo a chance.	I was worried about staying at the Flamingo because of the reviews; but we decided to keep our reservation and give the Flamingo a chance. We did upgrade to the Go room and well worth the money. Check in took 5 mins; they let us check in early and our room was great. The hallway definitely needs an update; but how long are you in the hallway? The pool is great; yes it is crowed but my husband and I found two chairs together all three days we were there. Like any hotel; I would bring sanatizer spray and spray the remote controls (especial the one for the tv in the bathroom) and door handles, etc. I do agree that the hotel could be a little cleaner, the common areas, but I noticed this time out that all the hotels looked a little dirtier than normal. Times are tuff, maybe they are cutting back on expenses. Overall, we will stay at the Flamingo again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Location and Good Value on the Strip	We just spent a couple nights at the Flamingo and were overall pleased with the hotel/casino. The location is great for walking to other hotels on the strip or to watch the fountains of Bellagio (our favorite entertainment and it's free!). We were not in one of the upgraded rooms but it was roomy, clean, with a comfortable king size bed and a nice view of the strip. Our bath towels were not replaced when the room was cleaned the first day but a quick call to housekeeping took care of that. Our only complaint was check-in. We arrived on Mon (Labor Day) around noon and there was a huge line for check-in so we left our bags with the bell captain and decided to check in later. We came back around 3:45 and the line was even longer! We waited over 30 minutes to check in. The staff member was very pleasant but she said we would have to go to our room then call to have our bags sent up. When we called the bell station we were on hold for several minutes. Since we had an early dinner reservation we were concerned that our bags would not arrive in time for us to get ready. Fortunately the bags were brought to our room within about 15 minutes. There are fancier hotels on the Strip but the Flamingo is a very nice place to stay with a great location and reasonable rates.	
Sep 11 2009 	Metro Suite was awesome!	BFF and I had just spent 2 nights at Caesars and she was leaving and my family coming. I had booked 2 GO rooms and wanted to get checked in early before checking out of Caesars. I was there before 9AM and the desk clerk was wonderful. He informed me that GO rooms DO NOT CONNECT. They didnt have 2 together either. I was tired and wanted us all to be together so I upgraded to a Metro Suite (Nicknamed the Austin Powers Suite). WOW! 1500SF. 2 Bedrooms...each with a private bath and jetted tub, huge living room with woodfloors and a few very shaggy 70's funky rugs and a small kitchen. NO COFFEE MAKER. There is also a powder room in the entry. There was at least 4 plasma tv's and a Mirror TV in the bathrooms. The view was of the pool and my grandson really enjoyed looking down at the Flamingos and watching the incoming flights come in. I would highly recommend this place to anyone traveling with kids. The pool is awesome. Very clean and tropical. It has these levels. The first is a nice shaded area for parent to watch kids that can swim well go up these stairs and down the water slide...very fun...i tried it too. Then it has these little slides into a kiddie pool for the really little ones. Then there is a more adult area with a BBQ (GREAT BURGERS) and bar. This is where i would hang out if not traveling with a 7 year old. NOW I MUST SAY....i am nosey and poked my head into some of the other rooms while the maid was cleaning. A regular room is really dumpy. Dont pay more than about 35 or 40 for one. GO Rooms are nicer and funky, but really small and dont have a bath tub. Only 350 SF. I also looked at a Neopolitan Suite. This is very nice, also funky and well appointed and pink and about 700 SF. I would only stay here in a Neo or Metro Suite because i am used to Bellagio, Signature, MGM and now Caesars. But those places are really not that kid friendly, so if i bring my Grandson again we will be staying at Flamingo. Only ate one meal here so i cannot rate the food. It was the Breakfast Buffet on our last day. You cant screw up eggs and bacon! The Casino was nice and airey. Very good ventilation and good drink service. Slots were paying pretty good!	
Sep 11 2009 	Great time at the Flamingo	We stayed at the Flamingo from August 24-31and had a great time. We upgraded our room to the Go room at check in so we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountain. The bed was very comfortable and the room was cleaned very nicely daily. All of the staff we had any contact with were very friendly and courteous. The Flamingo has a little bar just outside that is great for people watching and they sell really good 32 oz. Margarita's for $7.50, what a deal!!! Also, the Flamingo is at a really good spot on the Strip, pretty central which you'll appreciate as you'll do a ton of walking.	
Sep 11 2009 	third time to stay in flamingo have been to other hotels but cant beat flamingo for location 	older hotel, not as gimicky as others, but great value for money, views of caesars palace &amp; bellagio fountains if you select a room overlooking the strip. Stayed in the &quot;GO&quot; rooms last year which were really gorgeous--tv in bathroom/ huge shower etc. Buffet breakfast lovely. even though the hotel is situated at a large traffic junction, no traffic noise could be heard in the room. Have stayed in new york new york, the monte carlo and bills gambling hall also but flamingo out shines them all!	
Sep 10 2009 	Good for families. Fun Pool slide.	I stayed here with 2 kids, ages 11 &amp; 13, Aug 26,27,28 (Wed, Thurs, Fri) . We encountered no problems or long wait at check in. We asked for a room with a view,they gave us one on the 10th floor overlooking the Ceasar's Palace Fountains. We could also see the Bellagio Fountains from our room. This was apparently one of the old rooms, but we didn't mind. The upholstery was worn on the chairs, some wall paper was peeling, but it was OK for $35 center strip (wed) and the room was clean. I chose this hotel for the pool, reviews indicated this was a good one . There is a water slide that most people don't know about, it is around the corner and kind of hidden from the main pool, the water slide drops into it's own little pool, and there are chaise lounges around this pool occupied by family types, the swinging singles are at the main pool . This pool was not crowded at all, at the most, there were 10 people in line for the slide. They have young lifeguards overlooking it, and the lifeguards interact well with the kids. The location of this hotel is good, center strip. There is a Tix4tonight outlet that sells 1/2 price show tickets next door at Bills Gambling Hall. There is a wildlife habitat with real flamingos and other birds and turtles and big fish that you walk thru to get to the pool. They have a deal two or three times a day where a zookeeper type feeds the birds and gives a talk bout the birds and fish and answers your questions. The zookeeper asks questions of the audience and the first one to answer correctly gets free mardi gras beads from the zoo keeper. Also, there is an afternoon (4pm) magic show (Nathan Burton) at the Flamingo and they had a deal where you pay $19.99 for show and lunch buffet.. We didn't make it to the show , but I heard good reports on it. We did have the dinner buffet once , it was ok. I think it was 20$ each. Luckily, my kids prefer fast food and the neighboring casino O'Sheas has a fast food court with a subway and a pizza place, and I think a burger king.	
Sep 10 2009 	Expectations met	My wife and I just returned from our Labor Day Weekend trip having stayed at the Flamingo, and honestly our expectations were met. As other posters have said, if you wish for all-out luxury, then stay at Wynn, Bellagio, or any other of the expensive hotels on the strip. If you are looking for a friendly, accomodating hotel on the strip with a fabulous pool area (not to mention a piece of Las Vegas history) then this is the hotel for you. We stayed in a King non-smoking &quot;GO&quot; room, and it was perfect! Great color scheme, absolutely spotless, and electric drapes. Very cool! I do see where some people may have had an issue with the hotel as a whole in that the walls in the hallways were scuffed up and the carpeting could definately use a shampooing, but we did not eat off the walls nor did we sleep on the carpeting. The room was made up in a timely manner each day and as I said was absolutely spotless. To be honest we picked the hotel for the pool as we spent all; day, every day there, and it was a great time! Never had a problem getting loungers as people are always coming and going. The pool area was always clean as was the pool itself. I loved the misters that were placed so that you always got a nice mist. The food and drink were a little expensive, but that is to be expected as you are a captive audience and cannot bring anything in.Good sandwiches and salads at the Pink Bean and really good omelette at the Tropical Breeze. Did not try the buffet and Margaritaville food looked sub-par.If you are a regular working class couple looking for a relaxing vacation at fun hotel with a great pool, then by all means book the Flamingo and your expectations will be met!	
Sep 10 2009 	Don't Believe the Bad Reviews!!!	My friends and I took a &quot;girls weekend&quot; trip over Labor Day Weekend. We had read all the bad reviews and were a little nervous about what we would find. As soon as the taxi pulled up we had a bellman helping us with our bags. We checked in around 6:30 p.m. and there were 2 or 3 people in front of us and 4 or 5 desk clerks. We went up with a positive attitde and received the same in turn. Darrell was very very nice. He upgraded us to a mini suite and even offered us a rollaway bed since there was 4 of us. We were on the 15th floor in the older section. Our room was really nice and clean. It wasn't the upgraded Go room but it was still very nice. We saw the maids in the hall every morning cleaning the rooms and they always said hello and were very friendly. We called and requested and extra blanket and it was delivered quickly and with a smile. The pool was clean and beautiful. It was crowded on the weekend but the pool crew were monitoring chairs to make sure the ones with towels were actually being used. If someone was saving their place for longer than half an hour the towels were removed and the chairs were freed up for others. I didn't see any rowdy young people as I saw in other reviews. Everyone was having a good time in a dignified manner. The restaurants had good food and the waitstaff was friendly.If you want a good priced hotel with nice amenities than the Flamingo is perfect for you. We had absolutely no problems and were very pleased with our stay. I'm not sure what everyone else is expecting but we had a great time and would definately go back!	
Sep 10 2009 	Ok for the Money!	This is our second time we stay at the Flamingo, for the price the hotel is Ok, clean and is the location is great. I found the decor and the rooms need improvements, but overall the hotel is OK!	
Sep 10 2009 	What customer service?	Stayed in March. They gave a coupon to Harrah's buffet. There, my handbag got stolen. They called Flamingo and informed them. They are sister hotels. No one in Flamingo cared. Would not give duplicate room key without ID. I could have been out in the street for all they cared. luckily, I remembered I had my passport in my room. So asked to send security with me, to open the room. Got the ID and hence a key. Well, then I had no money, not even to eat. I told them that my credit card co. was sending duplicate in 24 hours, and I would pay back, if they could give me a cash advance. No one cared and the customer service manager did not even care to reply to my phone message. A day later, there was a message stating how sorry he was for my loss, and I could call him for any help. Whenever I called, I got the machine. So I left a message. No more response for the 5 days I was there. I also lost a voucher they gave me for $300/ off next airfare, if I returned for a stay there. They would not give me another voucher, even though Harrah's and they have same customer service dept, and the theft happened at Harrah's.Well, I will never be going back there, for all the help I received as a single woman. So I am not sad about the lost voucher.Rooms were old, with dirty ragged carpets, even in their GO rooms. No one responds if you ask for some repairs or missing light bulbs or iron. Customer service is non-existent.	
Sep 8 2009 	Don't believe the bad reviews	We just got back from a stay in a deluxe room and there was nothing wrong with it. It was very clean and was basically exactly what the picture on their website shows. We did have a smoking room, so there was a couple of burns in the rug, but I think it's unrealistic to expect a hotel to change out the carpet every time a small burn happens. I really feel that most people who complain on here are expecting Caesar's Palace or the Bellagio for the Flamingo prices. I actually heard one couple saying they would never stay there again because they had to walk down 2 hallways to get to their room from the elevator. Get a grip people. There's over 3,500 rooms in this hotel. They can't all be located close to elevators. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again or to recommend it to others.The pool area was great. My only complaint would be that other guests come down early, throw down some towels on the chairs, then disappear for 2-3 hours, making that chair unavailable for others. It's a large pool area though, and I don't really see how the hotel could control that; it's more a matter of people not being very considerate of others.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Location	We stayed in a GO Deluxe room overlooking the strip. Huge bathroom with TV in mirror. Bed was comfortable. Overall enjoyed our stay with just a few complaints. The overall appearance of the room looked clean, but we found a pill and a hair on the table next to the bed. The temperature was at 76 when we walked in the room even though the themostat was set for 65. After a few hours, the temperature did get down to 74. After going out for several hours, upon our return the temperature was up to 77. I called the front desk and they said there was a motion sensor on the AC. We thought we'd have problems keeping the AC running while sleeping, but we must have moved enough in our sleep to keep it going. It got down to 70 overnight. Would consider staying here again for the location and the price.	
Sep 7 2009 	I had a blast in spite of the heat!	I chose the Flamingo for it's location on the Strip, but especially for the Donny and Marie performance. I have to admit that I was very apprehensive with all the negative reports, but that worry was for nothing. I was offered an upgrade on arrival, from deluxe to the Go Room. Definitely, it was a great room and with the excessive heat in LV, I did spend more time in the room relaxing and cooling down than on visits before. I took most of my meals at the Tropical Breeze - very satisfactory with excellent service! I saw Bette Midler - don't miss a chance to see her. Donny and Marie surpassed my expectations - Donny even shook my hand on his way by &quot;on&quot; our table. It really is worthwhile to get VIP tickets (but shop around for best prices). Toured the Hoover Dam and Red Rock Canyon (almost stepped on a tarrantula -- reminds you how close to the desert LV is) - well worth the visit. Although, the heat was over 100 every day, and there was smoke from the California fire, I had a blast. I also took in the Titanic exhibit at the Luxor and the Neon City tour.	
Sep 7 2009 	GO ROOM brilliant! Some irritating staff though!	Although I can acknowledge the standard rooms are slightly shabby, we stayed in the GO room over august 2009, and there is a massive difference between that and the standard room: The GO room has sassy decor, widescreen TV, a booming denon music system, as well as a generous bathroom with double-sized shower! ;) We were on floor 20, overlooking the gardens and the pool in the centre.The pool was always busy and clean, but there was always sunloungers available for all!Although we never ate at the Flamingo buffet, they have a place called 'burger joint'.....genuinely the best burgers i have ever tasted. Margeritaville is part of the hotel, and their breakfasts are unbeatable (I recommend the corned beef hash)!!! Next door to the other side of the hotel is Bills gambling hall: cheap slots, good entertainment and cheap drinks (eg Coors ALWAYS $2 a can, vodka redbull $5...this is incredibly cheap for the middle of the strip)!My only whinges would be with:-the ticket seller woman in the lobby, who was constantly persuasive and pushy: she would never take no for an answer, and seems to take the huff if you decline an offer of a show ticket (although I suppose you would have to expect this in Vegas). I asked her where the Hertz car hire desk was, and she instantly assumed I wanted show tickets. When I declined, her face dropped and just walked away to chase someone else!!!-the shops are mightily expensive, both in the lobbies and around the pool (Eg over $2 for a choc bar, and $4 for a bottle of water, although I can appreciate it IS las vegas). We could not take our own food or drinks to the pool area: (they searched our bags to make sure we didnt), meaning you have to buy from their shop which left us feeling a little ripped off.Overall, a very pleasant stay, and would not hesitate in staying again in the future.	
Sep 6 2009 	hotel is dirty management does not care	My husband had a 5 day conference which was held at the Flamingo Hotel &amp; Casino.We had an upgraded room (at added expense to us). The public areas, elevator, floors, and room were dirty. After sharing my concerns with the management, I was told, &quot;it is a big hotel and we often do not get to all the rooms. We are most concerned with cleaning a room when someone has checked out&quot;. If someone gave me/us a free week at this hotel, I would turn them down. With all the competition in this 'city' one would think that cleanliness would be something easily done. The Port Authority Bus Terminal in NYC would be a better place to stay.	
Sep 6 2009 	I would stay again	This is my second stay at the flamingo. I reserved a Go room with a king bed. I like the Flamingo for the following reasons. The location is in the center of the strip. The showers in the Go rooms are great. The bed was comfortable. I liked the floor to ceiling windows. Natural light is the best. The room was affordable and clean. I like the Go decor. Book directly on the Flamingo website using the Hot Deals. Check in took 2 minutes at 11AM. Friendly service at desk, casino and shops. I only ate breakfast at the Flamingo. The Pink Bean was fine for coffee and a fruit cup. Some things to improve. The elevators and halls are dirty. The pool is cold. Missing light bulb, laundry bag, drinking glasses and pen and paper in room. When I spoke with the housekeeper, she serviced the room and restocked these items while we went to the pool. Some public areas need cleaned , painted and or updated. Broken chair in garden area. BUT, for the price, the Flamingo is nice.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very nice vacation	I have read all the negative reviews and after staying at the Flamingo for 7 days I have this assumption. If your income is 6 digits plus and you are looking for 5 star service in a 3 star resort you will be disappointed!!. Go stay where they provide it (venetian, ceasars). So now for the rest of us in the blue-collar $50 grand + world this place was well worth the money I paid. Deluxe room was fine. Yes alittle old but just fine. Pool was fabulous and not dirty as I've seen on here. Very crowded! Center strip location is great. Food court in O'shea's is very convenient. Excellent itailain food at Battista's hole in the wall. Sits behind the Flamingo. Also a convenient store beside Battista's for take out beverages. I will again stay at the Flamingo and recommend it to all.	
Sep 4 2009 	Poor service dirty rooms with MOLD	We checked in late, put in room 18124 and found mold in along the tub and wall paper coming down. Called the front desk, hung up on twice. Told we could change to another room, but we only paid for a deluxe so unless we paid more it wouldn't be much better. I got the impression they didn't believe me about the mold. I took pictures, took my camera back to the front desk, the manager on duty said unless we paid more they could only put us in another, looked at another room, but had cigarette burns in the carpet. Told them we would be checking out in the morning and letting all the other family members who were coming for a wedding know. An hour later the manager called and said they could upgrade us and other members of our group. We did appreciate this and we did stay, and although the luxury room was better, it still wasn't as clean as I would expect. Will not be back and will let everyone know. If it wasn't for the pictures they wouldn't have done anything.	
Sep 3 2009 	Loved the Flamingo wouldn't stay anywhere else	I wanted to do something really special for my significant other who is on his pre deployment leave so I recently booked a delux room at the flamingo for 2 nights. I then recieved an offer from the hotel for a 25 dollar upgrade per night for one of their new flamingo go rooms! I took the offer and I do not regret it one bit. For the past months I have been reading all these mixed reviews of the flamingo. I don't know how somebody could have a bad time at this hotel. The staff were more than helpful, the go room was spotless! And I requested a strip view and got it without having to pay an extra fee. My boyfriend and I got a lovely view of the bellagio fountains. The location of the Flamingo was great! It is right on the strip, plus margaritaville is located in the flamingo. The pool was great! Of course it was going to be busy, but we found 2 lay out beds around 3 in the afternoon. Great atmosphere for young people, and new couples. During the day we made our way around to the other hotels like the Luxor and Excaliber, they just seemed really dark and depressing! The flamingo is bright and not like the other hotels. We walked through Mandalay Bay and it was also a nice hotel but it was far away from everything. I suggest the flamingo for anybody who is ready to have a fun time, who isn't a stuffy person, young couples, and people who just want to relax!	
Sep 3 2009 	Dirty Filthy Shabby	We regulary stay at the Flamingo, once or twice a year. It may be a sign of the times, but I can not believe the condition of the hotel. My wife went into the bathroom in the first room they offered. The toilet was filthy, and there was hair all over the floor. We asked for the room to be changed and they first said they were totally booked and offered to clean the room. We demanded a new room and was provided a similar room. The hotel appeared to be empty. The toilet was clean, but there was hair all over the floor which was dirty with black swatches on the light floor. Mildew grew happily in the shower. The white vanity front had all kinds of drips and dirt, the furniture was chipped, the carpet dirty. The hallways had piles of dirty laundry, dirty dishes, and garbage. The elevators were no better. Their floors looked like a football team walked in off a muddy field. The bronze doors were black. Needless to say we will not return.	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic room and location	Stayed 4 nights in August in a Deluxe room, room extremely clean and big, had no issues. Location was fantastic. This was our second stay at this hotel and more than happy.	
Sep 2 2009 	Pretty Good	Stayed at the Flamingo in LV for two nights late in August. This was a last minute trip as I found a great flight deal and we just picked up and went. I have a Harrah's total rewards card and the Flamingo gave me pretty decent rates even if one evening was on a Friday. Upon arrival the check in line was long so we did have to wait for a while. I tried getting a GO room but they wanted to charge me an additional $30 a night to stay in one and we are just not in the room enough to warrant the upgrade. The room itself was pretty good and we did not have any complaints other than the shower could have used some more power. The room was spotless and big enough to suit our needs. The highlight of the resort of course is the pool. We spent a few hours there our second day there and it is very nice. Better get there very early in the morning though as it is difficult to find a lounge chair later. Great deal and great location on the strip. Not much more to ask. A pretty good stay with nothing to complain about.	
Sep 2 2009 	Flamingo is a good hotel to stay in	We stayed five nights at the Flamingo, and was pleasantly surprised....The front desk staff was friendly, helpful and courteous....actually very good customer service. Our rooms were cleaned daily, with the usual amenities....we were offered a Go room but stayed in a standard room. Granted, the rooms are old, and need renovations, but they're clean.What I enjoyed the most, was the &quot;Old Vegas&quot; feel to the Flamingo....the beautiful gardens, and wildlife habitat, the easy access to the strip, down to earth staff and guests....The pool is gorgeous, and we had no problem getting a couple of loungers. The only real complaint I had was WAY TOO MANY KIDS!....But go, enjoy the hotel for its affordability, and location....you won't regret it.	
Sep 1 2009 	Anniversary Trip	My husband and I return to Vegas each year for our anniversary, where we were married 22 year ago and stayed at the Flamingo. Of course we had a great time, but the Flamingo has lost it's sizzle. It's such a great location on the strip, but, upon arrival you will immediately notice the lack of maintenance, the floor were dirty, the hallways had food and crumbs all down them. Our room was on the 26th floor overlooking the strip with constant noise (loud music) from 8:00a.m till 4:00 in the morning. The pit guys didn't pay attention to your betting, therefore you never got credit for the time or money you spent while gambling. I am a platinum card member and after gambling for four days and making a contribution of several thousand dollars, I didn't have enough credit to comp a $100 worth of charges! I have another trip scheduled for October, but after that I think I'll take my money to the Horseshoe in Shreveport, where they appreciate the gamblers and pay attention to the details.	
Sep 1 2009 	Upgrade to a Go Room	We were out in Vegas with family and friends celebrating a 21st birthday. In order to accommodate all budgets we decided to stay at the Flamingo. It's important to mention that there is a HUGE difference between the regular rooms and the newly renovated GO rooms. We were the only ones in our group with the upgrades and our room was far superior to the basic rooms (which were run down, tacky, dirty and gloomy). The main part of hotel is showing its age with tattered carpet, lackluster finishes and outdated fixtures. During our stay we noticed numerous food/drink spills in the elevators and on the floors that were not cleaned up in a timely manner.  The Flamingo is in a great location for exploring the strip. We rented a poolside cabana one day which was definitely worth the price tag - it came with a plasma TV, refrigerator, couch/chairs and 4 comfortable lounge chairs. We had cabana #8 which was in a perfect location for people watching. The pool chairs were filled by 9:00am so I recommend going down early to secure your spot. The Flamingo is ok if you are on a budget, however, I would recommend shopping around to try and secure a room at a newer/trendier place on the strip. We did not eat at the Flamingo so cannot comment on the restaurants. Favorite meal of the trip was at the Mon Ami Gabi. The restaurant serves until midnight which is perfect for anyone looking for a great meal late in the evening. The restaurant was hopping at 11:00pm and we were able to secure a great table outside overlooking the fountains at the Bellagio. Both food and service were excellent!!!!	
Aug 31 2009 	You get more than you pay for!!	Just got back from staying here and can say that I am pleasantly surprised. The room is not the Venetian or the Wynn but it does not try to be nor does it charge even 1/2 as much so if this is what you need or expect this is not it. I like nice places but in Vegas I am only in the room maybe a couple hours a day so it does not matter. And yes I have stayed at those places and even paid over $600.00 per night.Pool: Best part as I have been going to Vegas for years and have never really been to the pool but am glad I got talked into it. The go pool was a blast and our waitress Courtney was the best. We did not lack for service the entire trip. In fact I will say to the managers that if you lay her off you are going to miss one of the best employees in your hotel. I can say many people came back because of her personality. Read my contributions and you will know how particular I am about service!!!!! Great job Courtney!!Front desk: Very nice and helpfull as I asked a bunch of questions and upgraded to the go room. Check in was a little slow becuase you can tell staff is cut way back.Room: The regular rooms look older and more worn but cost less. Like everything else you pay less you get less. I booked the Go Room with a view and loved it. Very nice and spacious with a flat screen tv, radio and some space. I will admit they could use a better cleaning service. The details in the cleaning are missing but it was better than expected for the price.Casino: Alot of fun but one complaint. NO waitress service was to be found. I gambled at the tables, the slots ($1.00 and above) and could not find good service. I can tell times are tough but in Vegas I expect more. They need to have Courtney from the pool train the servers in the Casino. But a drink was ready quick at the walk up bars and the bartenders friendly personality helped alot.Overall great trip and am very very pleased at what I received for the price. In fact I expected a dump and poor service but found better. Will be back soon!!!!	
Aug 31 2009	Say No to GO	I recently stayed at the Flamingo Hotel and had reserved a GO room. I would never stay in one of these rooms again. First off, I had reserved non smoking, 2 beds. I got one bed and a smoke filled room. I had problems breathing. Also, the sink is too small, the decor is a little loud and the sound system, while it is loud, you can hear other's stereos too. I was not able to sleep the first night in a GO room, so I asked to be moved and they were super nice and moved me with no questions asked. I then stayed in a regular room and it was nice. Quiet, non smoking with the two beds I asked for. I am not sure what happened the first night but it was a Saturday night and I had gotten in late and was tired. What is funny, is I had breakfast at the cafe and told the waiter my room was bad and he said &quot;did you have a Go room?&quot;--almost like he knew it would have been a GO Room. Anyway, if you are staying and I would recommend as the staff is great and location is good, do not stay in a Go Room.	
Aug 31 2009 	Another Great Stay at the Flamingo	We stayed for 11 nights in August, it was our fourth time, we just love the place. Once we had to phone housekeeping for the room to be cleaned. The lady who brings the drinks in the Burger Joint was the most rude and unhelpfull person we have ever meet in the USA. If she does'nt want the job she shouldn't do it. But we will be back to the Flamingo next year.	
Aug 31 2009 	We really liked the Flamingo!	My husband and I were in town for a wedding. I had been to Vegas before and stayed at MGM Grand. My husband had never been before. I decided to find a location in Center Strip this time around. I was scared about my choice when I started reading reviews on here. But we were pleasantly surprised, especially for the price. There was a line to check in at mid-afternoon when we arrived, but the line moved quickly. We were asked to upgrade to a GO Room for $30 more per night. We declined. Upon entering our room, everything was nice and neat and clean. Our bed was great (we had a king). The AC worked great and it was 110 degrees outside. The shower worked fine, no issues. We were on the 15th Floor and we had a view of the Bellagio and watched (partially) the water show from our room. We used our room for exactly what we planned........sleeping and showering. We will definitely stay again. The elevators were quick and clean. On our way out of the hotel (we did express checkout) there was one elevator that was sticky because someone had spilled a drink in it, and there was a lime wedge still on the floor. But, to be fair, the employees usually do not ride the elevators, so if no one tells them, they can't fix it. Speaking of express checkout, we tried to use the checkout on our TV in the room, but it said &quot;service unavailable.&quot; So we just dropped our slip off along with our keys at the lower elevatror box instead. We never had a chance to use the pools, although we could see them as we headed to the monorail station at the hotel. We used valet parking, the staff was friendly and helpful. We ate at Margaritaville twice while in town. I fell in love with the Cheeseburger In Paradise and their onion rings. We were given coupons upon checkin that we used around town. My husband went down to get a pastry for us at the pastry shop in the hotel across from Sin City. He asked for 2 apple danishes and when he got back to the room with the bag, they had given us 2 cresant rolls, plain. We were disappointed but didn't want to go all the way back downstairs. We spent a lot of time next door at OSheas. It was more laid back and the dealers were helpful with us newbies. There was Subway, Burger King and Krispy Kremes in the back of OSHeas. We also got a few 99 cent Margaritas at Bills next door. They were really strong. We also used the Tix42Nite booth at Bills for show tickets. It seemed everything we needed was nearby. We were only in Vegas for the weekend and we plan to return for a longer trip in the future. As I said before I stayed at the MGM before and it seemed to take 30 minutes to get out of the hotel. I felt the Flamingo had a much faster route to the strip and we will definitely stay here again. Also we had some friends that stayed at the hotel too and they upgraded to the GO Room. I did not need the &quot;extras&quot;. My standard room was perfect.	
Aug 31 2009 	Average but great location	I was nervous for this trip because of all the negative reviews of the flamingo but everything went alright minus the taxi ride. When we arrived at the airport, the taxi driver took us apparently the &quot;long way&quot; through a tunnel and on the highway. We gave him a big bill and needed change because it was our first day in Vegas and the driver tried to take $40 from us for the SHORT RIDE from the airport. Luckily we got some of it back but he was really horrible saying that we tried to take his &quot;tip&quot; when we didn't even give him permission to take an extra 12 dollar tip from our money. So whatever you do, it only costs about 15 bucks to go from paradise road versus 28 dollars the tunnel way. The hotel was alright. We stayed in a standard non smoking not the GO rooms like everyone is talking about and I did inspect the hotel when we arrived, and I noticed some things that people here have talked about such as mold in the bathrooms and stains on the couches. The bed/mattress is pretty old. I can tell because my back was hurting from sleeping on them but we were never really in the hotel other then to sleep and shower so I didn't mind the hotel room at all. It was fine! The cleaning ladies came a bit early every morning though. I don't know if that's how it always is in hotels but they knocked on the door at 9-10am! I had to leave the do not disturb sign everyday because my boyfriend and I like to sleep in a little.The best thing about the hotel is yes it's old, yes it smells like smoke and some sort of vanilla scent but it's located right in the center of the strip across from the bellagio and caesars so it wasn't bad to walk from hotel to hotel. However, next time, I'll consider staying at Paris or Planet Hollywood instead for a little upgrade. But for the price, Flamingo is a decent hotel and the wait to check in and out wasn't long at all.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location but that's about it	My husband and I stayed at the Flamingo for three nights. The Flamingo definitely has a great location on the strip (for the price), but it's definitely worth it to shell out a little more money and stay elsewhere. The rooms are sparsely decorated, as expected, and the hotel generally looks run down and old (faded carpet, scuffed walls, etc.). This is what I'd expect for the price, so I'm not really complaining about that. What would prevent me from staying at the Flamingo were the following: 1) the bathroom was dirty. There was something gross in the shower drain (that was eventually cleaned our second night there), and one of the towels was stained upon arrival; 2) the walls seemed paper thin. We could hear the people in the next room when they were talking at a normal level... and this was not pleasant at 6:30am. We also could hear everyone talking as they walked by the room outside; and 3) the policy at the topless pool is blatantly sexist. Men are charged $10 to enter while women are free. This outraged me and my husband. How in this day and age are we so OBVIOUSLY treating men and women differently?!? Can you imagine a hotel charging African-American guests $10 more than others? That would never be tolerated. When we complained to the front desk, we were directed to the pool manager with a &quot;At least we don't charge $20 for everyone like other hotels&quot; (which is not true and which would at least be non-sexist) and &quot;You need to get used to this. You'll find this throughout society.&quot; Um, yeah, we know and it's a problem! After talking to the pool manager who said that this was hotel policy and that he wouldn't refund my husband's $10, we asked to speak to a supervisor. The food and beverage manager was unavailable at the time so we didn't resolve this issue while there. We will be following up, however, on this blatantly illegal policy at the hotel. I will not stay at the Flamingo as long as they promote such sexist policies.As a side note, I'm sure everyone says this, but the only reason we were even going into the topless pool area is because all the pool chairs around the main pool were taken by 10am. (We were able to get chairs when we got out to the pool by 8:30am the next two mornings.)	
Aug 31 2009 	I was expecting less...	I was expecting less that what I actually got. I stayed from Aug. 23 through Aug. 28 This was my first visit to Las Vegas, so I was referred here by my travel agent. I read all the reviews on here before I went, so I was a little scared of what awaited me. I arrived at 10 pm. There were 3 clerks running the check in counter. Had no wait at all. I did not get a Go room. My room was what I was expecting, a place to sleep. There were huge cracks in my windows, and the Donny and Marie sign made taking pictures out of my windows impossible. Great view thought!! I had wonderful service at all the restaurants and bars. It was a great starting point for all my sightseeing. There was the Tram stop in the back, and the Duece stop in front. Overall, I had a great experience here at the Flamingo and I would definitly stay here again	
Aug 30 2009 	Don't reserve a standard room...Dirty	Stayed at the Flamingo a couple of other times and was satisfied. This time, because of the room we were assigned was a bummer. Grant you, we arrived early and we were able to go up earlier than check-in time. We were told that the room has been cleaned. Entering the room was a shock. The carpeting was full of stains including blood stains. lLamp shades, dirtier than all heck. Hairs all over the place. Crack glass pictures etc. etc. Asked for another room. a bit better but still disgusting...could not sit in the chair they provided. It was so dirty and dingy looking we were afraid to sit on it. Carpets looked as if they never were cleaned. I talked to other folks who upgraded there room and they were satisfied. However, I didn't need plasma tv etc. etc. All we wanted was clean, even the bottom sheets were stained in the 1st room. We also had problems when checking in. Clerk asked for a credit card, we gave one and it was declined. This happened on 3 different charge cards. We could not figure this out. Only to find out that the clerk overshot our limit on our cards. They put through an amount that we never charged yet. In fact, we never charged anything. I never heard of such a thing, you don't get charged for things you did not purchase. The one good thing I have to say is that the buffet and other restaurant food was excellent. My suggestion to you would be to ask to see the room 1st, although they won't let you do that according to a guest who tried to upgrade their room.	
Aug 30 2009 	wonderful go suite	HOTEL -We stayed in a go suite on the third floor, beautiful. Wall to wall windows overlooked the strip. We could see the Belagio fountians while in bed! 2 sinks in the bathroom with TV's in the mirrors , fridge, nice TV and sound system, comfy bed , couch and coffee table, great housekeeping. Sooo much fun, splurge, go for the go suite. The pool is also fun.FUN- We used the half priced ticket booth which is right outside to the left at BIlls. Here is how it works. On the first day you have to stand in line for about one hour to get half price tickets. If you go back the next day and bring your stubs from the night before, you get to be in a VIP line, this means you get your tickets for that night right away. We went to a show every night. One night Beatles Tribute, one night Rat pack down town, one night a comedian in the flamingo, all shows were great. Also, for free , go see big elvis at bills, he is great and pitchers of beer for four dollars!OTHER- If you want a store with snacks and beer, exit the flaming out the back , near the hilton and walk to the curb. If you want a light meal, food court , exit hotel on the strip side and go to the first casino on the right, burger king, sub way etc.... I am always on a diet , eat only salad or veggie burgers, so am no help with where to eat.OVER ALL- The flamingo is the center of the strip. you can get to anywhere from there.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Time	We picked the Flamingo because it was right in the middle of the LV strip and we all had a great time. Our room and bathroom were clean and well taken care of by the maids. The staff at check in , the box office, Bugsys Cabaret ,the buffet ,the casino and the sports book were all friendly and polite. We got there early for check in and had no problems, checked right in and started our vacation on a good note. The only negative I can think of was the carpet in the room and hallway was well worn. The &quot;GO&quot; pool area was very nice, didn't use the pool though, just enjoy the sun.	
Aug 28 2009 	great stay	This was our first time to vegas and we had a great time of course. The hotel was awesome and we had no problems. My wife and I would definitely stay there again. My aunt and uncle went with us and they have stayed in a different hotel every time they have visited. They were very pleased with their stay and also would stay again. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 28 2009 	Never chose this hotel!!!	I was short sheeted, there was mold in the bathroom, and the staff was extememly unfriendly. the place summed up...It's a dump!!!	
Aug 27 2009 	Just ok ~ would NOT run back.	The Flamingo Hotel &amp; Casino in Las Vegas is part of true Vegas history and during this trip; its age really has shown. We LOVE Vegas &amp; everything about it! Center strip, like at the Flamingo, with all the action is the place to be. This was our first stay at this particular Harrah's property and will probably be our last. To be fair here are some pros &amp; cons...Good Points:Location - center stageGo Rooms - clean, updated and comfyPool - beautiful landscaping and very coolBad Points:Filthy, filthy &amp; filthy - from the elevators (which don't appear to have been cleaned in forever) to the disgusting pool deck &amp; grounds (that were slimy and littered with cigarette butts) it was a shame to see this once beautiful hotel slip a few notches. (Personally I think there was not enough staff to keep up with the demand.)Check in fees - be prepared to give a $100 per day hold on your credit card at check in for hotel incidentals (room service, pool bar charges, gift shop / restaurant charges, internet, etc). I know of no other hotel that does this. CRAZY!Not enough pool chairs - a million hotel rooms and 100 pool chairs? If you are not down at the pool claiming your chair at 8am, then just forget it.Cliental - times are tough for everyone now-a-days....absolutely....but this is Vegas! A tourist hot spot and it is sad to see that this once glitzy, clean, high end town seems to be more focused on quantity and not quality anymore. What I mean is give free hotel nights to anyone and everyone and not be selective, just to get people in the door. When you do that you attract a less then stellar crowd of riff-raff (super young drunk kids throwing up, passing out and fighting in or around the hotel) which is so not what I want to be around on my vacation.Side note: We were also a little irritated at check in (which was 11pm on a Wed night by the way) because our room was not ready. Ok - we were told to return in 1 hour. We returned at 1:30am and were given keys to a room that apparently someone had just checked out of and was not cleaned (half eaten apple on the desk, garbage in the bathroom and dirty towels on the floor). Immediately I called the front desk and they sent housekeeping, who promptly took care of the problem....but still!! Are you kidding me? How does this happen?We don't need to stay at Wynn or Palazzo to enjoy ourselves, but will think twice before staying at The Flamingo or any other Harrah's owned property with our next trip to Vegas. Maybe off the strip or at one of the ends is now &quot;the place to be&quot;.Vegas rocks but this hotel just didn't hold up its end of the bargain.	
Aug 27 2009 	FANTASTIC STAY GREAT STAFF AND MORE	OK now let me firstly start by saying please please please do not be put off by all the bad reviews. Those travelers were either very unlucky or just expected way too much. Dont stay at this hotel if you expect 5 star Bellagio service, if you want something clean, fun and convenient then this is the place to say. I could go on and on about why my partner and I loved this hotel but I will start with just a few. Firstly, when checking in yes there is a cue but hey you are in Vegas , your on holidays so cheer up and relax. Also when you do get your turn at the front desk dont approach the staff with a grumpy face and the comment : you are understaffed. Some of the reviews I have been reading on here state that they were treated poorly at check in and were not listened to when they complained about the check in line. Honestly, cut the staff some slack. The guys at check in have no control over how many staff service the desk so dont tell them. Dont tell anyone, im sure they can all see how long the cue is, you wont change a thing and you will only get bad service in return. We approached the desk with a smile on our face and were treated extremely well. We got the upgrade we asked for, a wonderful Strip view in a Brand new GO room. I didnt even mention I wanted a king room and the lady rang room service and asked when their GO King room on floor 15 would be ready as she had a couple for which she wanted to get one bed. Without me even asking the lady went above and beyond. I do however imagine that if we approached her with a grumpy annoyed face and complained about the poor servicing of guests we would be stuck in our standard room overlooking the car park roof! So just remember, relax , dont stress and smile. To those who tell you go somewhere else you wont have cues, we saw cues everywhere. Every hotel we walked through we saw people cuing up for check in. GO Room : I highly recommend this everyone. Its such a fun and funky room. We had room 15076 and it was just fantastic. No stains on the floor , no dust, no rubbish everything worked fine and was spotless. We had a great view of Caesars Palace and the Bellagio. No noise came through at night, it was great. The shower was huge, great jets, always had hot water and the TV in the mirror with in built speakers in the bathroom was fantastic. We also had a fridge in room without even asking or paying for it. Room Service : These guys were great. I honestly dont know what hotel the people that wrote bad reviews were staying at but we had nothing but great service. Each day we had new towels, room cleaned and no where did we see trays lying on the ground for more than an hour. On the second day we went to get coffee from downstairs in the morning and saw that the people next door had a tray on the floor from that night. Getting the coffee took us about 10 minutes and when we came back, there was a room service lady with her trolley cleaning that room and the tray off the floor had gone. Spotless , clean and fresh everyday. Elevators : ok, reviews on here say dirty, old , stinky and horrible. Ask yourself this, how long do you spend in the elevator? Its only for 5 seconds before you get to the room, its not that bad. Yes the floor can be sticky but your in it for a few seconds before you get out again. Yes they are a little old but if that Is what is important to you on your holiday then stay at a 5 start hotel. There was nothing disgusting about the elevators and for what they were there for, they served their purpose.Places to eat : The Burger joint is awesome. Great food, quick service, large meals, great drinks and great staff. Everyone was so friendly and even brought over some extra cherries for my cocktail after I mentioned how sweet and yum they were. The Smell : I have been reading heaps of reviews where people say how bad the hotel smelt with coconut. Well I thought it was great. It was something unique to the Flamingo. You go visit other hotels and none of them have it. Its a soft, not overpowering smell . Its very pleasant and as soon as you walk in off the street it makes you feel like your on holidays. I really do recommend this hotel and I fail to see anything so horribly wrong with it as I have read over and over. Its fun, bright, funky , clean and friendly. No bad complaints at all. Food is great, habitat is fantastic and the rooms are just awesome. Not to mention there is a monorail stop at the back of the hotel which was so handy and convenient. If you want style, sophistication and expect food on a silver platter than you shouldnt be staying at a 3 star hotel to begin with. For those who love a bit fun, dont mind a chipped tile in an elevator , want to be in a convenient location , love great food , good coffee in the morning, friendly staff and a clean hotel than this is the place for you. So dont be put off by the bad reviews you read , go there with a positive attitude and find the better side of things. Look on the bright side and you will love your stay. We both loved the hotel and will definitely be back	
Aug 26 2009 	Look under the bed!	We stayed Aug 20-23 .The recepionist was snotty she never asked us if we wanted an upgrade.Our room was old ,same complaints as others dirty carpets craked shades ect.If we had looked under the bed when we first got there we would have asked for a different room there was dirty Kleenex ,burnt matches(non smoking room) and an unopened condom packaged.My advise is when you first get into your room look under the bed then ask for a different room.Great location but so is across the street.	
Aug 26 2009 	For our first experience in Vegas not impressed customer service in this hotel/town seems almost nonexistent!	Hotel room was wonderful (when we finally got into it). Gardens/pools were spectacular, beautiful and quite enjoyable. Housekeeping was fairly accommodating, even though we never did find the one that was assigned to our room during our stay. Most of front desk staff seemed unknowledgeable, only the last one dealt with seemed to know answers to questions regarding rooms, the other 3 were not. We were misinformed numerous times, our room given away or changed, all of which made for a very bad experience, most of all it was just completely unnecessary. The service staff at the restaurants was terrible (food was good, but extremely overpriced). We were treated badly by two different hosts (one at the Burger Joint who was absolutely horrific and the other at Margueritaville our first time for lunch at which time we actually left after waiting 15-20 minutes to be seated, this was after we were told they were putting tables together for our group, something that never happened, second time upon the deck for breakfast went fine). Neither restaurants were crowded or busy at the time we arrived. Service staff spoke rudely and were not very accommodating (we had a group of 8). We did eat at the Tropical Breeze Cafe without incident and staff were pleasant.Overall, our first Las Vegas experience was horrible and because of this we will probably never come back. This was not directly affected by the hotel itself, but due to the demeaner and attitudes of many customer service personnel (again mostly the hotel restaurants). Another observation while in the casinos that was seen was that the wait staff seem extremely accommodating to males, but not so much to the female gender. I did not drink, but at one point while playing craps I did ask for a water (since I was never approached and asked if I needed anything), the waitress seemed put off and then handed me a warm bottle of water, walked away said nothing and never returned. We came here for our daughter's wedding, never had been before, was looking forward to the experience, which unfortunately came crashing down. Seeing our children was great, wedding was nice, rest of the experience here you can keep!	
Aug 26 2009 	It's just okay. You get what you pay for.	I stayed at the Flamingo for five days in July. I was at a seminar that was taking place at one of the conference rooms in the hotel. Work sent me and another co-worker. I had my own room, fourteenth floor, in the corner. Very quiet up there, almost secluded. One night my room card didn't work and I just couldn't imagine going all the way back downstairs, across the casinos, etc. So I called them, and about twelve minutes later, a security guard came and let me in. Point is, the hotel is huge. The room is average. The sheets are cheap, Holiday Inn type sheets, thin pillow cases, etc. Tacky bedspread, the usual for a cheesy, average hotel. Cheap shampoo, cheap toilet paper, an old tv with bad reception. The pressure in the shower sucked but the water was hot so that was good. Once you are out of your room and downstairs, it's more modern. There are several restaurants to choose from. There's a diner, open all night thats pretty reasonable. I forget the name and it's not written in my notes so it wasn't that memorable. Everything about this hotel was just okay. Nothing to write home about. Just average. Nothing to really complain about either. The service was fine, people were nice. Oh, another thing, the high speed internet was a rip-off. 13 bucks a day only ethernet. No wireless. Would I stay there again? I don't know, I guess if I were tight on cash and the price was right. Hope this helps someone.	
Aug 25 2009 	Lovely times at the Flamingo	Stayed here from 3-13 Aug and as the Hotel was extremely busy we were surprised how friendly and courteous all the staff were. We were in a standard room on the 25th floor and had a nice view of the strip....directly opposite Caesars. Our room was cleaned every day and he beds were really comfortable. Yes the rooms were a little &quot;old&quot; to look at but at the price we paid we expected that and it didn't worry us at all. People have complained that anyone can get into the pool area.....well when we stayed there it wasn't like that at all. You were made to show your room key at the entrance and they even checked your bags to make sure you weren't bringing in food or drink! The pool itself was wonderful with it's waterfalls and islands. Also used the Gym which is very modern....on my last visit saw Donny Osmond who was working out with his personal trainer! Ate at the Tropical Breeze a few times and it was very good service and food. Didn't find much wrong with the elevators.....except that they had a very strange habit of strange habit of stopping at floor 8 for no reason at all!Our second trip to Vegas and we loved it. Did all the normal tourist things...Hoover Dam, Grand Canyon......and had the world famous Shrimp Cocktail at the Golden Gate casino! Duece Bus was crowded but very cheap and convenient.....all in all a great trip.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great location pool 	We have stayed at the Flamingo several times and unfortunately we may not return after this trip. I think the economic downturn has seriously effected the overall cleanliness of the hotel and the service is just so, so. The biggest problem areas are main traffic areas (very dirty), the gambling area (smokey), and the service is very spotty (some people very rude, some very nice). There are many positive thinks about the Flamingo that are worth mentioning including a nice room big room (if you purchase the upgrade), a fantastic pool area and the location in center strip is awesome. If you go to the hotel with the right mind set and can live with the problem areas, you will enjoy your stay.	
Aug 25 2009 	Classic Hotel and Enjoyable	We stayed six (6) nights and 7 days in a GO Premium Room on the 21st Floor facing the strip. Hotel: Our room had a small fridge which we used for water but no coffee maker. The room was superficially clean: by this we mean if you pulled the seating bench away from the window there was debris and had not been vacuumed in months , also dust (lots of it) on the floor at the corners of the headboard. Otherwise the room was cleaned daily, sheets every 3 days, towels daily. On day 2 we were not provided soap for shower or sink, same on day 3 but we chased the maid down. The room was oddly configured ceilings up and down to accommodate pipes and fire sprinklers etc.. when renovated, bathroom with glass wall and glass doors not a real issue and was adequate. Bed was very comfortable, pillows good. Given the layout of the room, we would not likely stay in one again, perhaps other rooms are different. Pool: Tried the GO Pool one day for the $10.00 up-charge and I felt it was worth it, drink specials all day long whereas the regular pool has them from 5 p.m. on only and more importantly no kids. The menu was also much better food wise. The main pool on the day we went had kids in it wearing pampers which is a little disconcerting and we would not go in it again or use it. after that We felt with so many pools they should have restricted children that are not toilet trained to a specific pool.Casino: We had certainly played before at the Flamingo and enjoyed our visit. Drink service was slow and waitresses almost invisible - a noticeable decline in service from a few months back when we last visited. Food and Bars: We do not gamble for drinks - if they come they come, but but enjoyed several beers at Sin City and the Lounges. Pizza at the deli with the wood burning oven was great. We walked through the buffet and thought it looked tired so declined. We are disappointed there is not more restro options (good ones). Parking: Great, closeStaff: Front desk great, casino dealers and staff funWe would stay again, probably not in a GO room as we did not find the amenities specials or room much of an upgrade.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location 	We stayed their for 4 nights in July &amp; really enjoyed it. The room was huge &amp; had air con &amp; were very clean &amp; tidy. The hotel in general was very quiet &amp; we didnt have a very good view  staff parking lot. The location was absolutely fabulous  directly opposite Bellagio &amp; Caesars right in the middle of the strip. The only negative point was that when we arrived at 7pm (after an 18 hour journey) we had to queue for 1.5 hours to check in. Also the pool areas were very crowded because anyone can use them  you dont have to be member of the hotel. Overall great value for money &amp; would recommend it to anyone who is looking to go to Vegas for a few days on a budget.	
Aug 24 2009 	Left a bit to be desired	Stayed at the Flamingo with the wife and daughter for 3 days in Sep 08. We stayed in the GO rooms as we had read some good reviews on Trip Advisor and the photos looked good. Unfortunately the reality wasn't quite what we had hoped for. The first sign was the excessive scuff marks on the walls in the hallway outside of our room. Now when you choose to have a pristine white colour scheme, you should also expect to spend more time on either repainting more often or repainting in an alternative colour. The Hilton does neither. Upon entering the room and needing to use the conveniences, I was confronted with the sight of the previous occupants waste still floating in an obviously blocked toilet. 3 hours later a workman finally showed up and cleared the blockage. Sorry but three hours is way too long for a solution to the problem. Then the TV was on the blink in the bathroom as well. Fixed after only an hour this time! The beds were extremely comfortable and the room had a view over the pool area so that was quite nice. The cot supplied for the youngster was adequate and the excessive noise coming from the room next door to us at midnight was attended to by security within 5 minutes. So there were some positives!But unfortunately overall, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone else. There are far nicer hotels on the Strip which I would try out before staying here again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Amazing trip!	I went to Vegas for my 21st birthday with friends and some family! We stayed in a regular room and our friends stayed in one of the Go! rooms. Both rooms are amazing. If you are looking for more time in the room stay in a Go room, as the bathroom is definitely nicer (with a TV in the mirror and both a shower AND bath. The other bathrooms are perfectly functional, though. The pool is also amazing and the location on the strip is great! We checked in on a week day, so the wait to check in was basically nothing. I am not sure why there are so many negative reviews, but as a person who worked in a hotel for two years, I know for the most part it's because people who have nice stays in hotels are a lot less likely to review.	
Aug 23 2009 	dirty and filthy	We reserved this room thru comps and because we arrived later in the evening it was not available. No non smoking rooms. We insisted and they put us in the go room. (handi cap)the only non smoking room they had left. The good thing was that the bed was comfy and there was a flat screen t.v. however it could not make up for the filthy carpets and the bathrooms are disgusting( handicap has no tub/shower curtain at all so you are literally taking a shower in the whole bathroom. I just found drying my hair with a hair dryer and standing in water alittle scary). The Flamingo must have fired their cleaning crew because I have never seen a place more dirty. The carpets on the 15th floor are gross. The elevaters have never been cleaned in years and there was a cockroach in the casino bathrooms.The bathroom floors in the go rooms (which is an upgraded room) are so discusting that there was orange mold growing around the corners. This hotel was the worst I have ever stayed at it in vegas Especially for an upgraded room. They should be ashamed of them selves. Also the check in person was very rude (we waited 20 min to finally get our room that was reserved)	
Aug 23 2009 	I had some concerns but it as fine!	We checked into the Flamingo on Sunday, August 16, 2009. I had booked the Flamingo for it's location on the Strip, for the pool, and based on feedback from friends who had stayed there before. Then I started reading reviews of the hotel, and became very concerned. As is the case with most reviews of most products, everyone's opinions are different. What might be a deal breaker for you might not be one for me. I have stayed at many different hotels in Vegas - both on the Strip and off. My experience at the Flamingo was very positive - at least for the most part.Check in was quick and effecient. We arrived around 12:30 Sunday afternoon, and waited for about 15 minutes before it was our turn. We had two rooms booked - one was ready, the other wasn't. So we stored our luggae in the one room, and went off to explore the hotel and pool area. The pool area was packed. As I said, one of the reasons we chose this hotel was for the pool area. In reality, we never used it! There were just too many other things we wanted to do, and too many other places we wanted to go to. It certainly looked like everyone was having fun though! Maybe next time!The hotel itself is showing it's age. Not a deal breaker for me. While the elevators are a mess, our room was kept clean all week long. We only noted two things about the room that we would have changed. The first was that it looked as though someone had thrown coffee all over the drapes. They really needed to be taken down and cleaned. Maybe even replaced. The other thing was the vanity in the bathroom. It really needed a good scouring to get rid of the dust! The beds were fine. Although some extra blankets and a few more pillows would have been nice. At the end of the day, with the exception of sleeping and showering, we spent ZERO time in our rooms. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. We needed to extend our trip by a day, and we were able to get the same excellent rate we had already been paying, and were able to keep our same rooms. The only thing we needed to do was get new keys as our old ones expired at noon on our original check out day. Again, we waited in the keys and mail line for about 10 minutes, and everything was taken care of. With the exception of coffee in the morning, we didn't eat at the hotel. Again, too many other options that are close by and cheaper. We walked by The Burger Joint several times and everything looked good. We just never tried it. None of us are huge Margaritaville fans, and think that they are way over priced no matter where they are located. As I said, we ate all of our meals off site.All in all, we had a very nice stay at the Flamingo. While the entire hotel could use a good spiffing up, part of the problem we noticed was the sloppiness of our fellow guests. Would I stay there again? Sure! But as is the case with Las Vegas, there's always another really great deal somewhere else. So while I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Flamingo again, I'll probably continue to try new places. After all, variety is the spice of life!	
Aug 23 2009 	Great as always	While some parts of the hotel are getting run down, especially the elevator interiors by the main pool entrance, I cannot understand all the criticisms of the whole Flamingo experience. My wife and I stay here every year and enjoy the atmosphere, the location, the fantastic pool, the great food, and yes, the historical significance of staying at one of the, if not THE, signature Vegas hotel.Maybe I'm just old school (although I'm not that old), I cannot stand the GO rooms. I think they're ugly. I do like the older rooms--as long as they're clean. The only other dislike I have apply to most of the other Vegas properties as well: TOO MANY KIDS. Any parent who takes their kid to Vegas is a degenerate without any sense of what's appropriate for kids and what isn't. This is not unique to the Flamingo. If you can't think of anyplace else to take your kids where they can have fun, surrender your kids to whatever state you live in, 'cause you don't know how to raise them. The Vegas strip is NOT a place for kids and never will be.	
Aug 22 2009 	Not sure why I see so many negative comments	I stayed at the Flamingo from August 16th-21st. I had read so many negative traveler reviews that I was a bit concerned prior to my arrival. The hotel was great. I stayed in a GO room and everything was clean, the beds and shower were great, and the TV and DVD player were a bonus. No complaints about the room. I left a small tip each day for the maid and requested additional shampoo, etc.. and my requests were accommodated.I arrived early on Sunday and I was able to check in but could not get my keys. They checked my baggage while I gambled for awhile. I returned 2 hours later, retrieved my room keys, and my bags were brought to my room. No complaints about the line or the service. Everybody was extremely friendly and helpful.The comments about the pools are mostly accurate. They are crowded by 9 AM. You do have the option of paying $10 at the GO pool which I did, and it was well worth it. Less crowded and no kids. I did not think either pool area was dirty as some reviewers have suggested.Some have also suggested that the hallways, elevators etc.. are dirty. At times they were, but were quickly cleaned. You have to keep in mind that many people are staying at the hotel, and not all are courteous. You do have patrons dumping drinks or food wherever they please. That is not the fault of the hotel staff. I ate at the buffet for breakfast and dinner. $16.20 for breakfast and around $24 for dinner after tax is added. The staff was courteous, but I am not sure the price is right given the options you have elsewhere at the Flamingo and elsewhere on the Strip. The food was just okay, nothing special. O'Sheas is just a block down the street and offers a Food Court with lower priced alternatives such as pizza, Burger King, and Subway to name a few.Played roulette, keno, and did a lot of betting at the Race and Sports Books. All service was great. As long as you are gambling, the servers will offer you drinks in a timely fashion. I would not suggest overtipping for better service as most shifts do not last long.Also, some have complained about mysterious charges to their room. I am sure this can occur, but one way to avoid it is to book and pay for your package in advance. I did not authorize any additional charges to my room at check in and was not required to give them my credit card informationAs far as transportation to and from the airport, I would recommend the taxi service. The shuttles are about half the price($6 as compared to $13 for the taxi before tip), but the taxi is much quicker as the shuttle stops at various hotels depending on who is on your shuttle.Finally, my advice would be to book a GO room and enjoy your stay. I think those who write these negative reviews must expect perfection for $69 a night. You don't get that anywhere, and you can't ask for a better location on the Strip. Caesar's(very nice Race and Sports Books) is across the street, as is The Bellagio. Sorry if this review was long winded, but I wanted to paint a clear picture of what you actually can expect.I highly recommend The Flamingo and look forward to visiting again next year.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Room Great Value	We were hesitant to book the room because it was so inexpensive, especially after reading reviews about long check-ins etc. But we waited about 5 minutes for check-in, an easy route to our room, and were surprised by a great Strip view.The pool was clean, convenient, and crowded, so plenty of people to watch. Location of the hotel was supurb.No complaints, and we are headed back in September.	
Aug 21 2009 	EWWW	The regular rooms are DISGUSTING!! Our entire floor smelled like weed, our bed had brown stains on it, the walls were cracked and looked ancient. The bathroom was very out of date. However, Our friends are diamond members in the rewards club- their room was amazing! It had tvs in the bathroom mirrors, down comforters, new carpets, and it was clean. If you stay here, beg them to let you stay in a renovated room and not the junnky old rooms that look like they havent been cleaned since the Rat Pack visited. The pros: the great location and Margaritaville is always a blast.	
Aug 21 2009 	Not what it use to be	We hadn't been to Las Vegas in about 7 years. Boy has it changed. My husband and I along with another couple got a great deal thru Southwest Vacations and picked the Flamingo. Was there several years ago and the pool was great.......Guess that is where the animals are now. The hotel needs a good cleaning but wasn't really dirty. The tile floors haven't been cleaned in quite some time. The room was clean and just what I expected. Being seniors, there's a lot of walking but the main complain was the food. We just don't eat enough to pay $14.99 for breakfast. There wasn't any place close to even get a hot dog. I know that prices are high but the good old days of great priced buffets or food are gone. Went downtown to Fremont street and found good food at a great price and Sam'sTown also had a good buffet at a reasonable price. We were there Monday thru Thursday and I did not see one person winning on the machines. NOT ONE!!!! Great time but for now on I will return to Reno. If you go, expect to pay $50.00 a day for food, and not good food. We ate at the buffet at Flamingo on Monday night, cost $47.00 for 2 and was the worst food I have had in a long time.	
Aug 20 2009 	Perfect!!!!!	We stayed in the hotel August 10-13 and everything went perfect. I was a little woried about staying there after reading the bad reviews but,once we got there it was nothing like the negative reviews say it is. Check in was a little long but its Las Vegas it was also like that at the Bellagio. I'm very picky on hotels with the up keep and the cleaning on them and there is nothing bad to say about the Flamingo. Yes it does smell like smoke but there is a casino there and that is to be expected at any hotel with a casino. We ate breakfast at Jimmy Buffetts Margaritaville and it was good. We also ate lunch at the Burger Joint and that was very good also. I think that the people on here that are writing these negative reviews are the people that just want to complain about something because there may have been one liitle thing that went wrong for them like check in being too long but come on have patience people,it never slows down in Las Vegas even with a resession going on wich you couldn't really tell with everyone vacationing. We stayed in the GO rooms with the double beds and they were great rooms,more than what I expected. The staff there were very friendly you can tell they have to put up with people that complain alot from time to time I mean come on that would put anyone in a bad mood. But my advice is don't believe all the bad reviews on here!Thanks Flamingo we had a blast and felt very comfortable can't wait to go again and stay!	
Aug 19 2009 	Location Location Location and Pool	I read some of the reviews of this hotel (mostly where about the hotel being old). But it was too good for a deal to pass up. And I am glad that I booked it. Yes the rooms where nothing special, just your basic room (but all we did was sleep there). And we had a couple of small problems with the cleaning of the rooms. But the location bet all that. Being right in the middle of the strip was GREAT. We saw the fountains every night as they where right across the street. Also the pool is great. We went to the main pool late afternoon and it was hard to get chairs (go get your chairs early). So we decided to go to the 21 and over pool (the GO pool). The pool is smaller, but a lot less crowed. And we always got chairs no matter what time of the day we went. And the bar is super close (with deals almost everyday).So if you get a good deal, definitly go for the location and pool. And the buffet was great with a nice view (look for the coupons).	
Aug 19 2009 	Get What You Pay For...But I Will Not Return!!!	Researching this hotel I wanted to learn more of the ghost of Bugsy Segal which I learned where to set my energy! Unfortunately it did not work since upon arrival my senses were distorted!The stinch scent of cocoa butter spray used in the swimming pool area lingered upon arrival and every time I found myself in the lobby. Acquiring a room on the 11th floor was shabby but suitable because I was not going to be in the room most of the time was when it came to time to make use of the vending machine, it had not been serviced on a heavy 4th of July weekend! Ugh!So approaching a counter person re: the vending machine out of service, they suggested I wait in a line of some 50+ people who are checking in/out to place a service request. I don't think so!!!Venturing onto the lobby, I found myself sidetracked by &quot;OTHER&quot; hotel vendors occupying desk space nearby the concierge desk who approached me over and over (at least 20 times) just to make a sale as I stepped off the elevator. I understand that the Las Vegas economy needs boosting, but not by those who are already there for a visit! Go get a STIMULUS PACKAGE!!!So having stayed 5 nights, on the 3rd night (Saturday) a hooker approaches my husband and just won't leave! Watching her work him for 15 minutes I had to walk over and ask her to GO! Told her to go to GO BAR where her pimp was waiting which she did! Again, my research shares detailed logistics but if the electronic roulette employees saw her there why did they not share a word with her to leave...she is a regular hooker! Gave one story to my spouse while sharing another with me. I asked her to leave and not return and share the same with her other hooker friends. Disappointed with this facility although recommended by others, I'd rather stay next door at Bill's Gambling Hall &amp; Saloon which is also center strip and plenty of live free entertainment along w a nice inexpensive Steak and Egg platter from 11pm to 11 am each day.I will always return to Vegas...but most likely alone! The &quot;UNIVERSE'S&quot; energy will always call me to Vegas whether The Flamingo, Freemont Street, MGM or other!!!	
Aug 19 2009 	OMG...It is still Awesome!	Let me just start out saying that I stay here ALOT! I would say out of 12 times I have havd one horrible experience, this was not it! My brothers and I went for a 21st birthday. I arrived a few hours early and donated some money. I had a comped stay and chose to upgrade to a &quot;GO&quot; room for 30.00 a night. July 20-24th. Great choice, but i knew this because I stay every time I go out. JOIN TOTAL REWARDS! USE YOUR CARD WHEN YOU GAMBLE. It does not get any easier than that.So once my brothers arrived, I met them down in the lobby where the same check-in girl was working and guess what, she ended up putting my two brothers in a room across the hall. Also a &quot;GO&quot; room.That night we go to the Piano Bar in Harrah's. DO IT! You will love it. Then the next day, we get up and go to the &quot;GO&quot; pool. Awesome as always. Bud Light Lime Buckets were on sale so we bought about ten of them. There is a reason why you are not suppose to dive in the pool, but it's ok, my nose is finally healed. The people at the pool were great. And trust me I tested them. The rooms were made up and plenty of towels were left. Gambling was nice even though I did not win...at all! LOL! It still was a good time.I think that about sums is up. Try the Flamingo, there are as good to you, as you are to them.	
Aug 18 2009 	The Worst Service I have ever had in Las Vegas!	My friend and I played High Stakes Slots for 1 hour and 45 minutes, not once were we approached by a beverage server. There was a person standing behind the desk in high-stakes slots. However, not one time did she come over to welcome us. Very dirty rooms, beer cans and water bottles under the beds. Spider webs behind the TV. Layer of dust on TV cabinet. Very dissapointed with stay. Loved the pool. Bar was over-priced but to be expected. Can tell the place is getting real run-down and no money is being put back into it. The most non-energetic, non exciting, BORING dealers I have ever met. Well take my $ 10,000 elsewhere next time.	
Aug 18 2009 	The 'GO SUITE' absolutely fabulous.	I can only comment on the 'go suite', NOT the 'go' rooms. I had already booked the hotel back in the UK and upgraded with my travel agent to a normal go room as the standard rooms to me didn't look that good in photos i had seen. When we got to the flamingo the line/queue was about a 5 minute wait, not a problem. When i checked in the reception staff told us that we could upgrade again to the 'GO SUITE' for an extra $25 a night. Well it was absolutely huge and beautiful. It was similar to the go rooms but we had a lounge area and 3 televisions all flat screen. A small tv in the bathroom which had a toilet, large bath and a great shower, sliding doors into the lounge. The lounge had a cordless telephone, a large dressing table, a fridge and coffee making machine. We had a huge ipod station and denon stereo system and denon speakers. We had drapes that were swish as were the blinds. We had two sofas, one with a coffee table and a chaise lounge. We also had a flat screen TV in the lounge, think it was 42 inches. We also had a drinks station to put our alcohol. The bedroom area had a huge fan above the bed, and it was so quiet, there were different settings for the fan on the wall. Again the other TV was attached to the wall near the foot of the bed on the wall. Surrounding the walls was nice white crinkled material, it gives the false image of drapes around the window, but in actual fact there wasn't a window, it was an illusion. The bed was the most comfiest i had ever slept on in my life, you sink in these beds, so clean and soft and about 7 foot wide, it was huge.The room was on the high floor over-looking the pools, nice and quiet as we had a fire escape next to us. It was cleaned daily with plenty of towels every day.All in all i recommend this room, i realise it may not be in your budget to go into these rooms, but if you can, it will be worth it i promise you.Basic rooms at the flamingo are just that, basic, and i feel that maybe there are better ones on the strip to choose from.Any questions, please feel free to email me, i will answer all questions as honestly as i can.Enjoy the Flamingo.	
Aug 17 2009 	the Falmingo is great	Stayed here for 14 nights , did get a go room it was great , my wife liked the fridge ( better than a mini bar )as you store cold drinks in it for the night/ morning from wall mark 6.99 for 10 cans . Pool was busy you need to be their by 8.30 to get more than two beds together but pepole do leave all day got their at 8 may be 40 people in line . drinks and food are pricy but you can get food from the hotel and take it in familys where taking in pizza . we are already to go back next year . People who go their exspecting 5 star dont go and then moan . used bus many times only one issue is if you coming back from down town way at night can take a long time to get from ti to flamingo and futher as free shows slows the traffic also road works	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Choice Great Service Great Location	I booked my room through Vegas.com and then came here to read the reviews... many of them were very discouraging and I was beginning to think it was gonna be a bad experience. It was all the opposite, Check in line was a bit long but really only took about 15 min, we stayed in the regular rooms not the GO rooms that everyone talks about (although for 15 dollars more through Vegas.com it prob a better choice) We were given a room on the 28th floor overlooking the Bellagio, Caesars palace, and the strip it was AMAZING. No the hotel is not luxurious but its not bad AT ALL, I guess if you get there last minute tryina get a room they probably give u whatever they can. The furniture is outdated, but the beds and pillows are soft and firm. Our room was very large, clean linens, clean bathroom, the people at the check in desk were extremely friendly, DEFINITELY staying here again, its a great bargain for a central location on the strip everything else around is a little more expensive.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great room horrible value	We got to the hotel at 315 PM and the check in line was long, but as they had 7 check in clerks, it was very quick. We had booked two rooms in Feb and called Aug 6th to confirm that we could get the rooms next to each other. We were told that would not be a problem.As I checked in , one of the rooms was ready but not the other. I told the clerk ,no problem we can put our luggage in one room while they got the other ready. The Mgr., Tim,was standing right behind him when the clerk told me it would be within the hour and I should get the keys then. We went to our first room 22034 and were amazed at the size and comfort. For $100 a night , I thought it was worth it. We walked the strip for 3 hours then ate dinner. I went back to the front desk at 745PM for the second room keys, and the clerk (not the first clerk) told me the room was not cleaned yet. I asked him about what time about would it be and he gave me some lame excuse that it could be a myriad of problems what it could be. I said you mean it could be midnight before I can get my room? he said yeah, as if I didn't have an option of anywhere else to go. So I ask him if I could get another room and he said yes, same floor other side of the building. I get that room, (not happy but it's now 815 PM) and go to my first room. As I get to my room , housekeeping is cleaning my other room 22032. I go down back to check in and tell him that 22032 is being cleaned as I speak, I ask him to cancel the other room and give me 22032 back. He did , but gave me this look like I'm some idiot from the Midwest. Back to the rooms. The rooms were nice sized, AC worked perfectly, the beds were great , nice flat screen televisions. DVD player, nice touch, TV in the mirror in the bathroom, that was really nice. Good water pressure, and really nice sized bathroom. A shower stall and a bath tub. This is their updated Go Room and it is well worth the price. No free internet ($14) . The hotel had four pools, but they were all packed so I did not use them, but they seemed good. The Casino had all the latest slots, and all the table games that every other casino had. The food was rather pricey,and it seemed didn't have a food court like the other casinos had. I suppose the hotel food is priced liked that on the strip as the other hotel-casinos. House keeping was horrible as I kept finding old food crumbs all over the floor, but the beds were made and we had clean towels everyday which is more important to me than crumbs and old food on the floor.Overall I really liked the rooms, and the view. I heard no noise , and I did not use any of the other services( valet or the bell hops) . I understand that Las Vegas is going through the recession like other parts of the country and hotels are cutting back, but please understand that the consumer does have other hotel options in this city and a lot of people make demands that are not reasonable. I personally did not think that getting my second room four hours after getting my first room was unreasonable.	
Aug 15 2009 	Really nice time at Flamingo	We stayed at Flamingo from August 9th the the 14th. A really sweet clerk at check-in upgraded us to a Go Room facing the strip. The room was spotless and our view was to die for. The TV in the mirror was a neat touch. We used the pool one day and couldn't find a chair at all at 2pm, so ended up paying to enter the adult pool area. No worries ladies...no one was actually topless, although I suppose they could have been. It was nice to have a pool with no kids since we go to Vegas to leave the kids behind for a few days.All the staff we encountered at Flamingo were pleasant and we really loved the location of the hotel at center strip. We would definately stay again.	
Aug 12 2009 	Not a good experience such a shame.	We'd stayed here in December 2004 and loved it, but this time we just couldn't catch a break.The hotel rooms have been renovated - the 'Go' rooms have an interesting candy pink and chocolate colour scheme, which can be a real shock when you first walk in. The queen beds are luxurious and very comfortable, there's sufficient seating, a table and a TV in the bathroom mirror (not the norm!)The hotel is located opposite Caesar's Palace, and depending on which room, you can see the Bellagio fountains as well.The breakfast buffet is OK for the Strip (not included in the room price of course) and there are a couple of carparks to chose from. So what is the problem?Unfortunately, we were there in a heat wave and the air conditioner in Room 21064 (end of the hall near the exit stairs &amp; ice machine) was not working as well as in the other room (21080 - almost directly across from the Caesar's fountain).We reported it &amp; management sent someone to check it while we were out. On our return at lunchtime, we discovered that they had used a citrus oil to clean out the vents - this promptly gave us both headaches. By the afternoon we'd been moved to 21092 (after originally being ofered a room on the 16th floor and being told that they didn't have pedestal fans). After the same air conditioner problems and the offer of more citrus cleaner, we checked out one day early.The women who checked us out was really helpful and management waived the early check out fee, so that helped. Unfortunately, once we got back to Australia, we discovered strange credit card charges - The Flamingo have failed to respond to our various requests for clarification.	
Aug 10 2009 	Eh.......Nothing Special....Stay only if its CHEAPPPPPPP!!!	First off I have to preface my comment by saying that we paid $70 dollars for 3 nights (Thursday/Fri/Sat.) So cannot beat the price and location on the Strip. We did not have a &quot;go&quot; room - so that would have definitely been a lot nicer. We had a standard room. It was &quot;manageable.&quot; Besides the stain on the carpet, the old cabinets in the bathroom, the windows that you could barely see out of since it hasn't been cleaned in two years....We didnt get a nightmare room like some on here and being that I was staying with a friend it was ok.....but if you want to take a significant other someplace nice, this is not the place. But then again its Vegas, you are rarely in the room. Now, let me say this thought - if I had to pay like normal rates, maybe around 100 a night, I would NEVER stay here....if you can get comps and a good value, really cheap, then go....but its not worth anything more than 90 per night......The casino isnt bad....but my lord, the cigarette smell and oders are crazy. I know its old but come on. This review is pretty objective......I have normally stayed at Wynn, Palazzo etc....so I tried not to cloud my judgment with that mind......Overall.......its great with friends......	
Aug 10 2009 	Worth it.	Check in was very effecient. Knowledgeable. Rooms and housekeeping clean. The restaurant was exceptional. Great 4 days.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Location - Good Value	I can see why The Flamingo receives mixed reviews, but after visiting almost all of the other hotels directly on the strip we were very satisfied with our stay. While some of the others are newer or have more bells and whistles, they are also much more crowded and charge much more. We stayed for 3 nights with our extended family for a reunion and no one complained about their stay. I would not recommend wasting your money on the X Burlesque show offered in the hotel or the overpriced Margaritaville. The 46 Steakhouse and Hamada of Japan restaurants within the hotel were very good. The breakfast from the Tropical Breeze Cafe was okay and huge - definitely enough for 2 people to share (which they do allow). Pros - built-in monorail stop is very convenient, the go rooms offer extra perks, good pricing on room, and fantastic location in the middle of the strip!	
Aug 9 2009 	Disappointed with our stay!	I just returned from our stay at the Flamingo. We have been staying there every year for the past 12+ years. This by far was our biggest disappointment. We stayed in the GO room with a strip view - it was ok but the Donny &amp; Marie banner hanging over the front of the hotel made it not a pleasant view. Our room was never cleaned while we were there. We arrived late our first night (11:30pm) so we opted to not have the room made up the next day since we were barely even in there. However the next day we got up and went to the pool expecting to return to a clean room and no one had ever shown up. By this time it was 6pm and we needed to get ready for dinner but didn't have enough shampoo....we called for more but it took almost 45 minutes for it to arrive. The rooms are ok.My biggest disappointment was with the pool. We opted for the new GO pool b/c we had heard good things about it. It was nothing what we expected. There is no DJ spinning music - it's a very odd mix of music....some of it very old music and very slow putting you to sleep music. The pool was not cleaned at night nor was the deck around it. In the morning there would be trash around the pool chairs from the day before. The misters never worked while we were there either. The bar staff was great-very attentive. Cocktail waitresses were ok-much better on the weekend than during the week. There was no other staff other than the lifeguard and door guards. They let way too many people in on the weekend....there wasn't enough room so people started sitting on the ground but the lifeguard told them they couldn't block the walkways...what were people to do then? Since they charge to get in, the Flamingo didn't want to lose money so they just kept letting people in. I did complain about the boring pool atmoshpere and was told to wait till Saturday-when Saturday came around, there was a champagne special(who drinks champagne around the pool) and a few beach balls thrown around. Hardly makes for an inviting experience. The pool bathrooms were horrible.....very dirty, always leaking and broke several times during our stay.After staying at this hotel for many years, my husband and I have decided it's time to look elsewhere. It's too bad because you can't beat the Flamingo's location or price. However when I get away I would rather remember a good experience than all of the bad ones!	
Aug 8 2009 	Great hotel..would definitely stay there again!!!	We visited the hotel from 7/20-7/24, and we were 100% impressed!! We were granted a room with a view of the Water Show at the Bellagio. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable of places in the area. Check-in was a little long, but that is expected of a tourist town. After reading some of the reviews, I was a little hesitant, but the Go-room was all that and then some!!!! Don't be alarmed by the negative reviews. This hotel is great. Now as I walked through other hotels, you do realize that the other hotels have shops and restaurants as the Flamingo doesn't have. But you can just walk over to the other hotels for that!!! This hotel is a fantastic place to stay, and well worth every penny!!! We will definitely be staying there during our next trip to Vegas!!!	
Aug 8 2009 	Flamingo - Best Value on the Strip	While the Flamingo may not be a flashy as some of the &quot;newer&quot; sopts on the Strip I must tell you that you will not find a better value for your money than the Flamingo. I have a players card and have been staying here for about 2 years now. The always have great deals if you have a players card and it isnt like most Vegas hotels where you have to spend thousands to get anything free.The Flamingos new GO rooms are very nice and completely renovated. The only thing I dont like about the rooms is that the bathroom have a sliding glass door instead of a normal door (kind of limits privacy).The location of this hotel is perfect for getting around to anywhere on the strip. Most places are within walking distance.Food at the Flamingo is great and reasonable. The buffet has cracked crab!!! They also just added a new restuarant &quot;The Burger Joint&quot;. This place is really cool and has gourmet burgers at a very reasonable $10/person.	
Aug 8 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with Strip View Room	Myself and my partner stayed here September of 2008We arrived @6pm U.S time, it was a mid week flight so when we arrived there were no queues at the front desk, we had previously experienced large queues on weekends when we stayed here before. So best thing to do if possible is go mid week!The Hotel was airy spacious and in a great location, in the middle of everything going on! Great for couples! Our room was a deluxe strip view Go Room! With 2 Queen size beds and modernised decor! The bedding and towels were changed every day which was nice to see! and a bit of luxury we had a TV inset into our bathroom mirror.The Hotel was spacious and we had fantastic views from our 23rd floor room, would have no problems returning to the Hotel!	
Aug 8 2009 	Ready to go back!	I really enjoyed my stay at the Flamingo. It's no Caesar's or Bellagio, but it is a wonderful hotel. It's the perfect size, not too large or too small. The layout makes things easy to find. Great location on the strip. Loved the casino and all of the dealers I met were friendly and made the experience more enjoyable. The Flamingo is where I will stay for my next visit to Vegas without a doubt. I highly recommend.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location Not for Families	Conference hotel, Caesars palace, was sold out and I had to book a hotel close to Monorail and Caesars Palace. Reading prior reviews, I selected GO rooms. Room I selected overlooked the gardens and the pool. I really enjoyed the view and any day I prefer the garden view over the Strip view. I stayed Caesars Palace (Palace Tower) in the past two years about the same time. Quality of the rooms is similar but Caesar Palace costs twice or more. I was lucky to avoid lines during the check-in upon my arrival. But other days I have seen the lines were real long with only 2 people at the front desk. My check-out was also handled nicely by the front desk.The GO room is a renovated room. But the hallway carpets need cleaning or replacement. The in-room decoration is somewhat strange, not my taste. But it is clean and new. Housekeeping and the front desk was responsive. The wired Internet access costs $13.99+tax extra.Flamingo is very close to everything. I do not like escort service flash card distributers in front of the hotel. If you are looking for a class go and stay in Bellagio for a price. The next choice maybe Caesars Palace. Neither hotel permits such disturbing &quot; escort service flash card&quot;-scene like Flamingo. I would never take my family to this hotel just because of such cheap looking activities in front of its doorsteps, even though Flamingo has one of the best Pools in the strip for the families. The GO Room has a modern sound system, DVD Player, and flat-TV screen. There is a small Refrigerator which is great if you like to keep few food items, and cold water. You can walk to Walgreen or CVS nearby to buy water unless you like to pay for $4 to $5 per small water bottle.For a reasonable price I paid as compare to Caesars Palace or Bellagio, I would still stay here again for my next business/conference trip.I never gamble in casinos. I do not like smoking filled air of the casinos. Among the others, I only like Bellagios casino for the air quality as compare to Caesars Palace or Flamingo. Flamingos shop serves pastry, crepe, and coffee with price equal or more of Bellagios pastry shop. But, the quality never matches to Bellagios pastry. If you can, take a walk to Bellagio for food, ice cream, and coffee.	
Aug 6 2009 	You pay for the location room clean enough.	We checked in Sunday at 2:30 pm. 15 minutes. Room was clean, with few amenities. Hallways and elevators were beat up and dirty. From Flamingo to Harrahs felt like a frat party in a dirty run down bar. I kept saying, this in no place for kids. Beer pong was popular at Ohsea's, the most disgusting game ever invented. Thanks I'll just have a comp beer while playing 8/5 video poker.I enjoyed the Flamingo poker area, played a little 2-4 hold em. I also enjoyed the downtown limits at most of the nearby mid strip casinos (Casino Royale was packed and smelled like my armpit after a day of tennis.) 5 buck craps at Bills, nice dealers there. Most places were ten bucks min. Casino Royale had 3 buck if you can handle the smell. Flamingo Pool was awesome. waterfalls, slides, and poolside gambling. didn't see any drug use at the pool, most people young and old we're just chilling out in 105 degree heat.  We actually also played at the tennis courts but soon realized it was twenty bucks an hour and the court was so hot at 8:30 a.m. that we lasted about ten minutes. They still charged us the ten buck half hour rate. Cool, whatever. We only ate at the Cafe, but both times one plate filled us both. Decent prices, not wildly expensive. I can't speak for the buffet. Margartiaville turns into a night club after ten, so don't plan on going in for late night appetizers and a night cap. Overall, I wouldn't come back, I would pay extra for cleaner halls and confident elevators. If I visit Vegas again I will save a few more bucks and stay at the Mirage. If I was was twenty one with a fist load of cash this area of the strip is paradise.	
Aug 6 2009 	Upgrade to Go Room! Excellent value pleasant staff great location	My advice is to upgrade to a Go Room. The Go Rooms are located in the renovated area of the hotel. They are big rooms, the beds are very comfortable, there was no noise from neighbors or the strip, there is a big TV and stereo system (bring your ipod!), the bathroom shower was excellent, and we had a small fridge, which is rare in other Vegas hotels. There was also wireless internet, but we had to pay $14 per 24-hours for that. Kind of a bummer, but we were so pleased with everything else it didn't matter. We only paid for it twice.Our room was very relaxing...we were on the 19th floor and overlooked the pool, which was a nice change from all of the lights &amp; noise on the strip. Some friends were also staying at the same time and said their Go Room overlooked the Bellagio fountains! Nice!We were originally put in a wheelchair accessible Go Room, but the shower had no stall/door/shower curtain, so there was water all over the bathroom, that did not drain very well. So, we moved to a regular Go Room. It was so much better! I have seen a lot of complaints about the hotel being dirty, but really, the hotel was nice. Its a busy hotel (aren't they all), so there is the usual casino noise, music, etc. But, the room hallways were clean and quiet, and we had prompt housekeeping service every day. All of the staff we talked to, including housekeeping, room service, the front desk staff, bell staff, and management was very helpful and pleasant. We ate at Margaritaville and shared the nachos - which are HUGE and a great deal. The drinks are also good. We also ate at the Burger Bar, which has good burgers and is open all night.The best part of the hotel is definitely the pools, so make sure to dedicate some of your daytime hours for the pool. For the adults, there is a nice, private pool (European sunbathing is optional). When we were there, only a few women were topless, so we didn't feel uncomfortable if we didn't participate. The hotel is mid-strip, across from the Bellagio, Caesar's and close to Paris, The Mirage, and the Venetian. Definitely a great location! Also, the hotel has a Monorail stop, which will take you all the way down to the end of the strip, to MGM. Great way to get down there - its fast, you avoid the crowded sidewalks and are out of the heat.We would stay there again, especially for the price and location. We got a great promotional price directly from Flamingo's website - 5 nights incl Fri and Sat in a Go Room and 2 comp poolside drink tickets for $520 incl taxes for the entire stay. Also check [--]deals at hotels, shows, etc. Do your research and you can find great deals.	
Aug 6 2009 	DONT BELIEVE THESE BAD REVIEWS.	I just returned from our stay in Las Vegas. Since I booked this trip back in January, I have been watching the hotel reviews on this site, and they made me a bit nervous since most of them were bad. I am writing this to put the record straight. We arrived on Sat 8/1 around 2 p.m. there were 2 other couples traveling with us. We approached the check in and found NO LINE, NO WAIT. They had a total of 5 people working. We were done with check in within 15 minutes. We were updated to a GO ROOM with strip view for FREE. We were nice to the check in person and thats all it took. THE TRUTH ABOUT THE DEPOSITS THAT EVERYONE SEEMS TO WORRY ABOUT ON HERE. We gave a credit card, for the flamingo to put a 200.00 HOLD on it PER STAY. Read it again PER STAY. Its not per day, it is PER STAY. Our check in person told us that Harrahs required a 200.00 hold on ALL Comped stays. This allows their guests to make charges to their room. if you room is already paid for this deposit does NOT apply. Neither of my fellow travelers needed put down a deposit on their payed room. Nor did they have to present a credit card. The Rooms..No bed bugs. I checked since some of the reviews said there were. It was LARGE, CLEAN, &amp; COMFY. The water pressure was good in the shower. Maid service was prompt each day. After your first night maid service seems to figure out how many towels you need and will make sure you have enough without ever asking. To help, I never have my sheets during my stay (unless I need to). It saves energy not mention the maids time. I also pile my used towels in one area of the bathroom so the maids can grab and go. All this helps the maid, and they can concentrate more on wiping down and vacuuming. The elevators.We NEVER EVER slow. I never had to wait for an elevator any longer then I do at any other hotel in Las Vegas. In fact, the wing we stayed the elevators were faster the then other hotels I stayed at in Las Vegas. I was impressed. The pool.I went to the pool each day around 9 a.m. This hotel offers 3 pools I went to each. Each pool I had NO PROBLEM getting a lounger at any. I dont understand why people wait in a line so long in the morning. Peoples children were my only complaint here. Vegas is NOT a place for kids, LEAVE YOUR KIDS AT HOMEThe main pool is a party place if you dont like loud music, laughter, and people having fun, I suggest going one other pools. All the pools and hot tubs were CLEAN and plenty of towels available. I just wish people throw their towels in the dirty laundry bin after their swim. It is located near the pool entrance so you cant miss it as you leave the pool. FYI, the main pool closes for a short time in late afternoon to be cleaned. However after an hour or so, it does reopen till close. The Restaurant.There are plenty areas where to eat at the flamingo. I only ate at the Paradise Caf and the Pink Java Bean. The food was ok at the caf and it was pricey. However, can anyone tell me where a major hotel restaurant is NOT pricey? The food price comparable in price as any other major hotel Restaurants in Las Vegas. In fact it is cheaper then MGM, NY NY, and Mirage. The Pink Java Bean was a little cheaper. You can grab a small breakfast and deli items. For Burger King, Subway and hot dogs, stroll over to Osheas. If you can get past the smell of puke. Few hints.PEOPLE PICK UP AFTER YOURSELVES. Remember staff EVERYWHERE has been cut down. I am not saying clean the room, but dont just throw your garbage on the floor in the hallway and walk away. You have no idea how many times I saw people just throw things on the ground (in the hotel lobby, the gardens, &amp; the casino) this beautiful hotel is NOT your personal dumpster. USE BELLHOP. I cannot stress this enough. Stop complaining about long check in lines when you have not utilized the hotel amenities. And use them again for check out. CHECK OUT..If you dont have any hotel charges, use express check out. The hotel has this on the TV in room. Or you can simply call down to front desk let them know you are leaving, confirm you charges and leave your keys in the room. INTERNETI wont lie, the Internet in this hotel is pricey and I wont pay for it. However I do know some people do need to use it. I dont travel with my laptop while I am on vacation. However I did need to check a few things, so I utilized the hotels Internet stations. It was only 5.00 for 15 minutes. I did what I needed to do, printed a page (1.00 per page) and still had 2.50 remaining. There is also a UPS store in the hotel where you can print boarding passes, and other stuff. I LOVED the Flamingo and would definitely be back. It was perfect for my needs and I enjoyed my stay. Thank you Flamingo.	
Aug 6 2009 	Disappointed	Yes, I read the reviews before we went. But...my husband and I got married here 10 years ago (when it was the Flamingo Hilton) and we decided to give it a try for nostalgic reasons. Not a good decision!We did not upgrade to a Go room because we figured...how much time would we be spending in the room, anyway? However, the dingy walls, filthy carpet (complete with dried food (?) stuck to it near the table), and musty smell did not contribute to a very peaceful nor pleasant stay. The bathroom shower's water pressure was laughable, and the tile floor's grout was filthy. The hallways of the hotel corridors had the same trash lying in them the entire weekend, and the majority of the elevators were dirty and literally falling apart (two of them had ceiling panels hanging loose).We did not have any difficulties with the pool, as others seem to have in their reviews. We got to the pool area every morning between 9-9:30 and never had a problem getting a chair, nor did we find the pool area to be dirty.With so many other choices in Las Vegas, we will not be opting to come back to the Flamingo.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good Location. Poor Hotel	On a recent tour with Titan Hitours we had to stay at the Flamingo Las Vegas. On entry to the hotel/casino we realised that this hotel needed some refurbishment and some thorough cleaning. The elevator was dirty with spilt drinks on the floor and handmarks and graffiti on the walls. The corridor which our room was on had food left outside the doors on the floor, the carpets were grubby, and the smell was not nice. Our room was spacious but not clean. We had soap, shampoo, and iron/ironing board in the room but I would have preferred cleanliness. The overall apprearance was old, possibly once this hotel was great, but not anymore. The drinks at the bar were out of pumps, so a Gin and tonic was nothing like it should have been. When we complained the bar man was rude and told us we should have asked for a specific brand if that is what we wanted. The beds were comfortable and clean but we could definitely not recommend this hotel very run down.The Flamingoes in the grounds looked healthy, but the pool area was disgusting.	
Aug 5 2009 	If you stay here ONLY stay in the upgraded rooms	I really hate to complain but really feel like I need to voice my opinion so that other travelers will not be subjected to the nightmare we encountered.***WARNING*** If you stay here you should seriously consider staying in the upgraded rooms. This was a business trip. I booked directly through the hotel's website. I requested 2 queen beds in a non-smoking room. After a long day of work I arrived at the hotel to check in at around 5:00pm. Here is what happened.1.) We waited in line over an hour. While waiting my husband ran to get a candy bar and bottled water out of the gift shop where the cashiers were talking about &quot;all the poor customers who have to wait so long. Why do they always move soooo slow?&quot;  2) We FINALLY arrived to the front of the line and reminded the woman at the desk about the 2 queen beds and ask for the coupon book which came with our package. She rolled her eyes and handed me a booklet of expired coupons.3) After taking our luggage up to the 5th floor we discovered that our room (which was thrashed by the way) only had 1 queen bed. The light covers were missing from the lights in the bathroom leaving exposed lightbulbs and the bed was unmade. 4) I called the front desk informing them that our room only had 1 queen bed. I was told someone would be there in a few minutes with new keys for a different room. I waited 40 minutes before calling again. They told me the person with the key was on our floor and would be there any second. I waited another 30 minutes before he arrived. Everyone was so unapologetic.5) We went to the new room which was on the complete opposite end of the hotel only to drop off our luggage. By this point it was already past 8:00pm and we were exhausted and hungry. The room was completely unacceptable. There was trash on the floor. The lampshade was broken in half hanging by a thread. The shower rod was rusted so badly the shower curtain would not even close, and the shower head itself was falling off. The toilet was unflushed. There were dirty towels and open bottles of shampoo and soap in the bathroom. We called the front desk and they told us there were no other rooms available but to call back in 2 or so hours to check. We left to go eat dinner. Our plans to go to a show were all messed up because of this situation.6) We returned to the hotel very aggravated at this point. My husband called the front desk and asked to speak with a manager. He was told there were no rooms left. He asked the manager, &quot;If we cannot get moved to a clean room can we can check out and get our money back?&quot; He was told no and and that if we checked out early we would be charged a $72 early termination fee???? Then he was hung up on. 7) I went to the front desk and spoke with the manager who lied to my face and told me my husband checked out and he already gave our room away to another customer (Keep in mind this was not even 10 minutes after my husband was hung up on and I walked down to the lobby...my husband and our things were STILL IN THE ROOM). I was right there when he called and that is not what my husband said. I told the manager I paid for a room and expected a clean, non-smoking, room with 2 queen beds like I paid for.8) I asked for his manager at which point he asked for my ID and told me he had a room available and would &quot;upgrade me for free&quot;. I think he repeated the part about upgrading &quot;for free&quot; with an emphasis on the &quot;free&quot; part about 3 times. All I wanted at this point was a clean room with a sanitary place to lay my head and a clean place to take a shower.9) We arrived to our new room. The bed was made, there were clean towels, toiletries, and there was a fully functional shower. (yay!) Much better! We were so tired that by this point we just tried to go to sleep despite the loud party animals in the room next door.10) The next morning we decided to try out the pool because it was the primary reason we stayed at The Flamingo Hotel. The Pool is great and I can't complain about it. There are some fun slides and waterfalls. It is very pretty. Make sure to get there early if you want a lounge chair.Lessons we learned: If you decide to stay here you might want to consider the GO rooms which are upgraded rooms unless you are too intoxicated to know or care where you are sleeping and/or showering but even so don't say I didn't warn you. Also, the clientele here seems to be more party orientated than business minded. There are plenty of other much nicer hotels in the area with similar prices to stay at and I for one plan on skipping this one next time. For example, we checked out of The Flamingo and instead of spending the next 2 nights there we went to the Stratosphere. Surprisingly, The Stratosphere had fabulous service and clean, comfortable suites for less than what The Flamingo charges for their &quot;standard&quot; rooms which I do not recommend.	
Aug 5 2009 	feels like home! comfortable!	I just returned back from las vegas with my girlfriend. We intended to go and have a great time at a great pool, go out in the evening, and do lots of walking. The flamingo is in such a great location and I really cannot say enough great things about the staff, everyone from the taxi stand, to the check in counter, to the room service attendant, to the maintenance crew and pool bartenders and crew. Everyone treated us with the upmost respect and attention. Above and beyond. If you are a group of girls just wanting somewhere to stay that is comfortable, convenient and home-like....stay here. You have everything you need. And the Go Pool is amazing! we intended to go to those very much advertised Pool parties but instead went to our own Go pool everyday! not only was it a great party but we met so many interesting locals and made tonnes of friends!	
Aug 5 2009 	Great if you get the Go Room!	I would only stay here if you get a Go Room. The hotel itself is OK but for where it is located it is great. I did not see a standard room but we got a Go Room with a strip view. The Go Room is worth the extra money. The breakfast buffet is good for the price but it is hard to screw up bacon, eggs, waffles, etc. We saw the pool and it was crowded. If you are without kids, I heard someone say to go to the adult pool where it is not crowded. So if you book a room, get a Go Room and you will be happy. We were.	
Aug 5 2009 	not a quality hotel	the room was outdated. we never got any drinking glaases we requested. elevators are a little scary.had breakfast at harrahs buffert. was very good. flamingo owned by same company. buffet didnt compare. great location, but stay somewhere else if the price is close. pool too crowded to find a seat also	
Aug 5 2009 	Comfotable in a Great Location	We decided to stay at the Flamingo after staying here in 2006.Unfortunately we arrived on a Sunday afternoon and the check in line was very long, it took just over an hour to check in. We upgraded to a &quot;Go&quot; room. These rooms are bright and comfortable compared to the normal deluxe rooms which are quite dull and brown. The best thing was that the shower was seperate from the bath tub which makes things easier.There are other hotels with better rooms but this room done us fine as we were here to see the sights not sit in the room all day. If you want to sit in your room maybe a four or five star hotel would be better.We were in Vegas for a week which in hindsight was to long.The strip is an amazing place to see, you can eat at a cheap restaurant or a top restaurant and everything in between. You have to make sure if your walking up and down the strip to do it quite early (9am - 2pm) after this it got busy and by the evening it was packed and quite hard to walk without being crushed.A few nights we got the Deuce ($7 all day ticket) up to Fremont Street where it was not as busy as the strip, the casios up there were just as good as the strip. If I was to come back to the strip I think I would stay up in Fremont Street.One thing that surprised me was the amount of families that took their children to Vegas for a holiday, personally I don't think that Vegas is for children. Another disconcerting thing is that in some casinos there were childern going around the casinos seemingly unattended.All in all if you want to be right in the middle of the Vegas action and you don't want to sit in your room, then you cant go past the Flamingo!	
Aug 4 2009 	When In Vegas stay away from Crowded Pools	I was appalled at what I saw in the Flamingo pool just two days ago. I'm so thankful my grandchildren were not with me. There was a young couple on the side of a very crowded pool and they were engaged in very graphic sex in the pool with children and many other people present. Security was alerted but they had left. The pool had to close two days later because the filter gave out. The GO Luxury room was not all it was cracked up to be. The room I had was clean but there was mold in the shower ceiling as well as water damage to the ceiling. The finishing around the bathroom door was not complete and there was water leaking from somewhere near the window onto the carpet. I've never been to Vegas in July but with the crowds and the heat made my trip somewhat a nightmare.	
Aug 4 2009 	Pools out of service (damaged filter) on Sunday - take a trek to Ballys	This weekend we stayed at the Flamingo and I must say the place is getting old. On Sunday the swimming pools were broken, they advised everyone to go to Ballys. Not a short distance at all. The Hotel is getting OLD, the hardware in the bathroom is dated and could be renovated.	
Aug 4 2009 	Some things have changed but still dependable	We stayed at Flamingo for 6 nights for my 60th birthday. We also had rooms for our adult children. We checked in at 7:30 at night and the room type we requested was not available. After some discussion and reminding the front desk that we were comped and always stay there, we were upgraded to a Go room mini suite for a reduced rate. Room was great and clean. However, the downer was the halls had not been vacuumed the whole week we were there and my dirty dishes from 2 nights of room service stayed in the hall for 3 days along with everyone else's down the hall. We complained multiple times and were finally picked up. Hall carpets had stains and elevator floors were dirty,The positive things I can say besides the clean and comfortable room is the casino is great. We had very good luck on penny slots. Also the location is the best because you can walk right out on the strip and have access to many other places. The staff we dealt with were always pleasant and helpful. The food was good in the buffet especially breakfast and The Burger Joint has the best milk shakes and french fries. I have seen some changes, but it is still a dependable and cheap place to stay. Our kids stayed in the older rooms and had no complaints. The one day they had time to swim, the pool closed early for a private party.	
Aug 3 2009 	Stayed for the Pool enjoyed the entire hotel experience	We did a tour of Nevada hotels with neat pools, this one fell onto our radar as we have heard lots about it.We have stayed at the Flamingo numerous times, so, I thought it time to give some feedback. Check in when we arrived at 2:30 in the afternoon, the lineups were ridiculous, when we got to the front, the check in gal told us that we could find those kinds of lineups at any time of day and night... go figure, not sure what time is the best to check in, but you can always leave your luggage with the bell desk and check in later when it is less busy.We had a room that faced the pool... we were on the furthest side from Bills... in the side of the building that would be closest to IP. We had an amazing view of the pools. We unpacked, relaxed and chilled some beers. While we were in LAS, there was an awful lot of news coverage on the excessive heat. it was over 45 degrees - flippin hot! We waited until 6:30 PM before we went to the pool in hopes that we would not be in direct sunlight. (I'm a redhead who burns very quickly) We found there were lots of lounges left as well as the majority of people who spent the day at the pool had left for the day, so it was likely less busy.ValetWe left our car with the Valet... we have always had great service with any valets, but this time, we noticed someone had decided to open a bag of taco chips my husband had bought. Only worth 3 or 4 bucks, but the thought that someone would blatantly open them and eat a few... ick.. we obviously threw the bag away. I let the valet know when we noticed, he just shrugged. I get that he couldn't really confirm that it happened and we couldn't prove it and it really wasn't worth an argument about it... I just hope if anyone mentioned anything about it that the culprit would maybe worry someone else would take a complaint further in the future and maybe they wouldn't do that anymore. Lesson for us.... never leave anything in the car, if we need to leave anything, put it in the trunk, hopefully that would stop someone from pilfering.PoolWe enjoyed ourselves at the pool for a couple hours until they closed... they have a covered area that looks a bit like a cave, so, if you wanted to be in the water during the sunniest part of the day and not get hit with it full blast, you sure could. There was also an adult pool which we did not check out... there are also water slides which we did not go to as we ran out of time. Overall, the pool was wonderful and I would definitely recommend it. Oh yah... DH went down to the pool, with a glass bottle of beer, he was stopped at the entrance to the pool and told he couldn't come in with the glass bottle - makes sense --- the door guy let us know that we could just go grab a plastic glass from the bar inside and he could pour it in there. I am not sure what the cost of drinks are at the pool, but I suspect if you bring your own drinks in that are not in glass bottles, you are likely ok.CasinoWe went back to the room, changed and rested for a bit, then decided to hit up the casino as we rarely play there. DH played in the poker room and really enjoyed it. I found a few fun slots to plunk my $ into and had a few drinks. I think DH came ahead a bit and I am pretty sure I was even. So.... that means we liked the casino :)there is a blackjack table which seems to be similar to the Fun pit at Bally s, but it has dancing go go girls. Looked like an interesting way to pull people in.Drink service was great in the Poker room for DH and since I am a very slow drinker... out in the slots, I also found it to be fast enough.	
Aug 3 2009 	WAY more than we expected after reading some of these reviews	After reading a lot of bad reviews I was very nervous about choosing the Flamingo, and was actually thinking about switching hotels but boy was I glad I did't! We arrived in Vegas on Friday 7/31 at 5:30 p.m.. I expected to wait to check-in for HOURS since I've read so much about the lines, but to my suprise it took us about 10 min. from start to finish. They had 8 people working the front desk and the line went very fast. We were booked in a GO-Room #18008 we had views of the bellagio fountains which was so cool to lay in bed at night and watch the fountains go off. Again reading the reviews that the hallways and rooms are so dirty I was afraid to open the door to our room. Our room was SPOTLESS!!! It was very updated and there was not a spot anywhere on the floor or anywhere else for that matter. The bathroom was also nice and clean (Yes even the corners). The room had a flat screen T.V. with about 25 channels (sorry I didn't count the exact amount) it had a small refrig that held our water or soda and my favorite was the automatic blinds and drapes. It was so nice just to lean over and hit the button to see what it was like out or if I wanted to see the Bellagio fountains go off. The bathroom has a T.V. in the righthand corner of the mirror and a nice spacious glass shower and even a bathtub. The door I must say was unique. It is frosted pink and you can see the persons shadows through the door.  Each day we left the room by 8am and came back by about 1pm for a break and the maid service was already there and the room again was spotless with a clean room and bathroom that had plenty of fresh towels. To me it was worth the extra money for the Go-Room we loved it!As for the pool I will say if you are not down there by 9 you might not get a seat. It gets packed fast. Again I read reviews that said the pool is so dirty and stuff was floating in the water. I didn't see that at all. The water was very clean and nothing floating, other than people on a raft. Lol! There are a lot of chair hogs as well. They come down early and put their towels out and then don't come back until late morning. On the chairs it says if unoccupied for 30mins someone else can take your chair. We did see 1 fight over this which caused quite a sceene with F bombs flying and security having to deal with them.As for the food we only ate 2 times in the Flamingo. &quot;The burger joint&quot; which was really good, the burgers are huge along with fries for about $10. Also the pizza place right outside the burger joint. The pizza was ok not my favorite but ok when your hungry at 10pm. They also had some sandwhiches and desserts too. As for the staff we did not run into one person that was not friendly. They were smiling and always seemed cheerful. I was looking for the lost and found and finally had to ask and the gentelman walked me right to were I needed to go. All in all I would stay here again in a heartbeat and would recommed this hotel to anyone. I would also suggest to pay the extra $$ and get a GO-Room definelty worth every penny! ; &gt; )	
Aug 3 2009 	Good Location poor view	I was asked if I wanted a Strip View room. Of course I said yes. Due to the Donny &amp; Marie advert covering the hotel, all I saw from close up were holes (if you've travelled on a bus with advertising over the windows, you'll know what I mean).The room also came without a fridge. Want to keep a drink in the room? Grab the ice bucket and fill it up. It's 43C outside! Surely a fridge wont add too much to the overheads!The room itself was clean and the staff quite friendly. The hotel location is almost ideal. Right in the middle of the action.If you plan to eat, do it before midnight. The overnight offering is quite poor.	
Aug 1 2009 	Dirty hotel	It has taken me several days to decide if I was going to commit on the Flamingo Hotel and Casino. Well, to start with, the rooms were very dirty. It is pretty bad when you are planning on a nice clean room and you get there and the carpet is so dirty that you can't walk on it barefooted. To start with, we had a 45 minute wait to check in because there were only 3 attendents working the desk. With a large crowd waiting you would think they would have all computers working. We checked in the middle of the afternoon so it wasn't late at night. We asked about the show , The Jersey Boys and the rude attendent said it was all sold out that night (Thursday,) and Friday night. We decided to walk to the Palazzo Casino and check for ourselves and come to find out, there were plenty of seats available for both nights. They just didn't want us to check out other shows, since Donny and Marie were there.When you come to LV you are planning on a nice room and friendly people well, it was just the opposite. We have been telling all our friends to find another place to stay. Again, it was full of small children, middle school age children and high school boys attending a dance program on 3rd floor and basketball tournament. Many of the Middle school age boys were riding their skateboards down the halls and in the main lobby area. You would think the Security Guards would have said something to them but didn't. I guess they don't have any rules or they don't plan on enforcing them.Needless to say, not a good experience and we will never plan on staying there again. There were 6 people in our party and we had asked if we could be all on the same floor together and the check in lady said, yes. Well, when it came time for them to check in they were put on floor 27 and we were on 10. Another time where they didn't care!	
Jul 31 2009 	Not a family hotel	So many others have reflected on the quality of the rooms and service here I will limit my review to those thinking of traveling with children here. We were vacationing with our 11 and 14 year old kids, and feel like we made the wrong choice. We were lured in by the promise of animals on the property, a water slide, and 5 swimming pools. Certainly sounded kid-friendly to me. But we soon found out that one of the pools was topless and obviously off limits to kids. And nearly everyone who was at the &quot;tops on&quot; pool probably would have been happier at the other one. Nothing was off limits at the pool. I'm no prude, but couples were intensely making out everywhere. The female halves of two couples traveling together next to us on the pool deck were putting on a show for their boyfriends who were photographing the whole display from every angle. One man completely stripped down naked on the pool deck to change into his bathing suit, with a towel wrapped only loosely around his waist. Everyone was drinking and smoking and spilling things into the water. Beer bottles and plastic cups littered the pool deck. The pool water was utterly filthy. I'm not saying this is the exact experience others will have if they visit; I'm just saying that the atmosphere was certainly &quot;anything goes.&quot; The multitude of lifeguards on duty seemed to take no issue with any of the behavior I witnessed, which is fine for adults who enjoy that kind of atmosphere but may not be appropriate for some children. In all, we didn't enjoy any of our experience in this hotel from the point of view of traveling with children. The lobby had a Grand Central Station feel -- always throngs of people pushing and shoving by. You couldn't walk out to the Strip without passing through the smoke-filled casino with girls dancing on tables. I've got to imagine some of the other hotels on the strip, or maybe off the strip, would be more suited to family travel.	
Jul 31 2009 	Just fine thank you!	My husband and I have just returned from 5 days at the Flamingo, and I would definitely recommend it. We stayed in a Luxury Go room on the 23rd floor with a view of the strip. The room was spacious and clean, with all the amenities we were looking for. We found that the service at the hotel was great, from the check-in to check out. Our room was cleaned every day while we were out. There is a good selection of restaurants right in the hotel, and the back yard area is beautiful. The best thing about the hotel is its location. You are within walking distance to everything. I am sure that some of the pricier hotels are great, but we found that we were hardly in our room at all, so we felt that we had made a good choice. We highly recommend teh Nathan Burton show at the hotel.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great time at the Flamingo - don't believe all the horrible reviews!!	My boyfriend and I arrived at the Flamingo on Friday, July 24th at 1 p.m. Check in line wasn't too bad, and we only waited about 15 minutes to check in. We had booked a deluxe King size room, and asked at the desk for a higher floor, which they put us on the 25th floor with no problems. Our room was spacious, clean and perfect for our 5 day getaway! Location of the Flamingo is perfect, right in the middle of the strip and close to everything. We spent the first day wandering the strip, and went to Jimmy Buffet's Margarittaville for supper. It was busy, but a cool atmosphere! The following day we bought monorail tickets and toured up and down the strip on that. It was nice to have a quick ride to all the popular hotels without being on the crowded duece buses! Was only $28 for a 3 day pass. And the monorail station is right behind the Flamingo, so a quick walk to get there and hop on! We took a cab (about $20) to the Premium Outlet malls where we found lots of brand name clothes at really good prices. Would definitely recommend this mall for those who like to shop! We went to the pool later in the afternoon (around 3 p.m.) and managed to find two lounge chairs right away (someone was just leaving, so we grabbed those). The pool is SUPER crowded but fun atmosphere and really beautiful scenery. For the next few days, we decided to spend the extra money and go to the Go Pool. It was WAY nicer there. You get a bracelet upon going in, and you can leave and come back as much as you want in the day. Lots more room, and we always found lounge chairs right beside the pool when we were down there by 10 a.m. Bar service was great, and we ate food from the Beach Club all three days. Great food, big portions, and good prices! Just a tip...on Sunday our beer at the Go Pool were $7 each, but there seems to be specials on weekdays, as both Monday and Tuesday, it was 2 for 1 beers (first day was Coronas, 2nd day was Bud Light Lime) - we just had to ask our server what specials there were!! On our final night, we decided to go to Steakhouse 46 in the Flamingo. It was amazing food (we had prime rib)! I would definitely recommend this place for a fancy supper out!We decided to also tour Fremont Street. It was a great experience. Things are way cheaper down there and it's a fun little place!! Live bands, the screen show, etc. Definitely worth the cab ride there!All in all, I would absolutely recommend the Flamingo, even the deluxe room was completely fine for the amount of time we spent in our room. It's the perfect location to be able to wander the strip and be close to everything!!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Location - But Will Stay Elsewhere Next Time	It had been a few years since we stayed at the Flamingo but a last minute business trip came up and we decided to give it a try since it was only for one night and we had a comp room thanks to Harrahs Players Club. Check in on Tuesday afternoon was a nightmare with a slow moving line and more than an hour wait. We received a basic room (very dated) with a depressing view of a concrete wall. If you craned your neck to look around the wall, you could catch a tiny glimpse of Caesar's. The bed and pillows were comfortable but the decor was very outdated and the bathroom was very small. Amenities were minimal. The worst part was that the shower had so little pressure it just barely trickled out. It was so bad I was afraid if I washed my hair I wouldn't be able to rinse all the shampoo out! We were offered an upgrade to one of the remodeled GO rooms for an extra $30 but declined since we were only staying one night. The selection of games in the casino isn't as good as it used to be and the service at the coffee shop was very slow. If you are on a budget and want a good location with few frills, the Flamingo could be a good spot for you but if it is a special occasion or your first time in Vegas, I would recommend staying elsewhere.	
Jul 30 2009	I love the Flamingo have been staying for 15 years.	I have stayed at many hotels since I was young with my family in Vegas. I love the pool at the Flamingo. The rooms are simply to sleep in, I would not stay their all day This hotels life is at the pool area. The crowed when I went this year was almost all white. This was not the case before. The demographic seems to have changed now that times are hard, and they are lowering the price of rooms considerably. A little disseminated about that.Someone was talking about people bringing drugs into the pool. That is a lie. Their is security at the pool all the time. I knew one of the guards. The check all bags before entering. Besides do you really think with all the people at the pool no one would have said anything about someone smoking pot? That is insanity.Speaking of crowded. In the past this pool was hugely populated. Now since no one can afford travel like before, it is so pleasant! A lot less people and more spots to lay at. Cocktails are really good, a lot of people read and drink in the poo. Young and old people are all over. Kids stay on one side and adults on the other. That's the unspoken rule. The pool is huge so you have plenty of room to not be bothered with kids splashing and screwing around. Kids have a volley ball net and three water slides and four open water falls that lead under a cave to play on.There are spas and another pool if you wish to change the surroundings. European bathing is also allowed in 21+ pool. Golf and tennis. Pool parties for the youngsters at night are available.Check in lines were REALLY long this year. But went buy very fast. There are a lot of people from other countries. France, Italy, Portugal, etc. I wish they would renovate the rooms a little more. That's the only down side.Still, if your looking for an elegant beautiful room, I recomend the Wynn. These rooms are mainly only for sleeping in. I spend little time in my room. I am always out on the strip or in North LV.	
Jul 30 2009 	Very disappointed	This has been about the 12th time we have been to Vegas staying at a variety of hotels (including all of the Harrahs resorts) and I have to say, this was the worse experience. To start, they gave us a smoking room when I requested a non smoking room. They said they do not reserve rooms and I could check in and then try again the next day? When I did try the next day, there were no non smoking rooms available. Therefore, we were stuck with the smoking room. At that point I did not want to stay in the hotel. Anyway, two days into the trip, I became sick and my eyes were watering and nose running from my allergies. I could not even enjoy the time with my wife. We came to the resort to spend my birthday and anniversary together as well as enjoy some gambling. That was cut short as my sinus problem was terrible. I was questioned by security at times as it appeared I was intoxicated because of the way my eyes and face looked as I was sneezing all day. The rooms were unclean and the hallways to the rooms were left with used drinking glasses and ashtrays that were left there for days. It was a horrible feeling and our trip was ruined. I would comment that the pool was nice although you need to be there at 7:30am to wait in line for a chair until the pool opens at 8am. I could say so much more about the trip, but it take me too long to do and I do not want to waste any more time on it.	
Jul 30 2009 	Disgusting roomLong wait at check-in	After standing in line for two and a half hours to check-in we were treated rudely by the young women who checked us in. We were told that the rate we were given when I made the reservation over the phone directly with the hotel was wrong, I had to pay about $30 more per night! We were given a disgustingly filthy dirty room. There wasn't so much as a bar of soap in the bathroom. The next morning at about 10:00 a.m. I went back to check-in to try to get a clean room. This time the wait was 40 minutes but at least the man at check-in was very pleasant. I was told that I could be upgraded for yet another $30.00 per night which I decided was worth it for a clean room (this room was clean). I would have left the hotel but we were attending a convention at the Flamingo early each morning and it would have been difficult.	
Jul 28 2009 	Perfect location and value for the price! Would stay here again!	The Flamingo has a perfect location right in the center of all the action! Both the hotel and casino were clean and inviting, not too dark or smoky like some of the casinos. You can tell that the Flamingo has recently updated a lot of their shops and restaurants, as we found several different dining options to choose from, all of which had good food with reasonable prices. A little bit about the room: We chose to upgrade to a Go room upon check-in, which was a great value. They only charged us $30 in total (not $30 per day, just one flat fee!) to upgrade to this recently renovated section of the hotel. The rooms were very modern and chic, with hot pink accent walls, fun patent leather white headboards, cozy chaise lounge and mod lighting. The television in the bathroom mirror was fun when getting ready for a night on the strip! There was even an IPOD compatible stereo system, so we could hook up our tunes. The beds were extremely comfortable as well, I would compare them to the Heavenly Beds at the Westinplush and filled with nice feather pillows! The only strange thing about our room was the motion-sensor air conditioning units. Imagine waking up in the middle of the night were the air has been off for several hourspretty stifling. I kept having to wiggle my legs to get it to turn back on without getting up! Pretty lame. The restaurants were all very tasty, The Burger Joint service was not very fast, and they did forget to bring me my salad (and later discounted our bill) but other than that the food was good. Margaritaville was great, we even ate breakfast there one morning and it was very reasonable. We bought a wrap sandwich at the Pink Bean caf and it was very fresh and tasty as well. The service at the pool was decent, drinks were stiff and flavorful. Few tips: Go with the upgrade when you arrive for the extra $30 bucks to the Go room. Well worth the upgrade. Our friends stayed in the regular room and their bed was not as nice, and the dcor was outdated. The Go room had a lively feel, makes you feel like you are really in Vegas! If you can, check in to the hotel at an off-peak time. We checked in right around noon and there was a line, we waited about 20 minutes. In hindsight, I should have checked our bags outside with the bellhop and waited until 3 or 4 to come back and check in. I hear that they have a check in at the airport in baggage claimthis may also be a good option. Be sure to bring your room charge slip with you to the pool. Nothing like getting to the bar, having the tender pour you a drink, and then not being able to charge it to your room. Also, if you remember to bring an insulated mug with you, the bartender will fill it up and you won't be making so many trips to the bar--plus your drink won't melt so fast in that Vegas sun! Last tip: Skip the monorailunless you are going really far like down to the Sahara or somewhere. We took a cab to MGM Grande for dinner, cost $10 bucks total with tip (four of us in the cab) vs. a monorail day-pass per person ($13 times 4 = $52!!).	
Jul 28 2009 	Good but I probably wouldn't stay there again.	After reading all of the reviews of the Flamingo, I wasn't really sure what to expect. First of all, it is very very crowded there. Also, they appear to be cutting back on their cleaning crew, it wasn't disgusting at all but it really wasn't up to my standards.The line at check in was extremely long. They only had 3 people working the desk, and it took 1 hour and 10 minutes until it was our turn. They did offer to upgrade us to the GO room for $25 extra a night, seeing as though we were staying 5 nights we chose not to take them up on this.We arrived at 10:30 am and they did have a room ready for us. The floor in the room was dirty in spots, they obviously hadn't vacuumed when the last guests left the room. Other than that the room was fine. It was an older room but the bed and bathroom were clean and comfortable.The elevators were very dirty. And the same dirtiness that we saw stayed the whole week. They obviously don't check the elevators very often. At one point there was broken glass in the elevator. The pool is very very crowded. We got downstairs at about 7:45 am to wait in line for them to open up the gates at 8. At 8am everyone runs in and grabs a seat and waits for the pool to open at 9am. By 9am there were no chairs available. You do have to get there early if you want a seat. The pool is very nice though. It's very large and the slide area and waterfall area are a lot of fun. Tip: If you get in line in the morning, they do not check your bag for food and drink. At any other time they will check your bag. Any food and drink brought in you have to prove you bought it at the Flamingo. We put alcohol into empty water bottles and brought it in in the morning. After that we bought a drink from the gift shop and just showed the same receipt when we brought in refills. They do have free water and ice at the pool.We never got to eat at the buffet because the line was incredibly long. Just like the pool, people would line up an hour before dinner. The breakfast buffet was fine, and a good deal at $14.99 per person.Margaritaville is great. Great food, great drinks, great service. It is definitely a hot spot though, so be prepared to wait for a table.The downfall of the Flamingo really seems to be that it is just too crowded and in a very lively area. It seems they don't have enough staff to keep up with the amount of traffic coming through.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great midsummer break!	We arrived around midnight, asked for a room near the elevator. Front desk said the best would be to upgrade for $20.00/night. We took it, and were given room 17062. It was wonderful, just a turn off of the elevator, beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains, Very clean and great service from housekeeping. The mattress was so very comfortable, relaxing, very quiet, and we slept well. The pool was also fun- lots of families, kids, teens and young adults, playing and partying, generally all having a good time. We only ate breakfast at the buffet- especially good value with the coupon book from the front desk, great selection of yummy food, and fresh fruit. Our busy waitress forgot our juice, and when she remembered she was apologetic, and we received the best attention for the rest of the meal. We found the gambling and service better other places. Great location mid-strip, we were able to see and do lots during our 4 day holiday.	
Jul 28 2009 	We can't understand the bad reviews!	After reading reviews on here I was nervous about the hotel. It was wonderful! We stayed in a Go room! Minifridge came in very handy for water! The bathroom was awesome! Glass shower, TV built into the mirror! Pink light! Large flat screen TV in room with a dvd and surround sound system. Curtains even opened automatically with a button! Our view was of Caesars Palace and the Bellagio Fountains to the side! We were on the 16th floor. The pool was great too. The kids loved the water slides and cave. We would stay here any time and we have stayed at about 7 other vegas strip hotels. This one was one of the best! The Burger Joint restaurant is good too!	
Jul 27 2009 	find somewhere else to stay	We went to the Flamingo because of the Termain Dance Camp, we had 13 rooms, it took us 3 hours to check in; rooms were different than what we booked for, they said it wasn't a guarantee on the kind of room we booked. They only had 2 people checking people in and the manager told us that people called in sick; the real reason, they layed off people because people aren't spending money like they use to; well they won't spend it because of the long check in-the pool needed to be cleaned continously because when you have kids jumping in and out it tends to get dirty. The staff at the Flamingo were rude; they weren't pleasant at all, they all need to take nice pill and say &quot;thank you&quot; or smile every once in a while. The line to check in was like that every day; it wasn't just because we had a dance camp, its sad; because the dance camp will be moving to another location soon.	
Jul 25 2009 	Rooms are dirty and dated	After booking my trip and read the bad reviews I hoped for the best. Expect to wait in line to check in for about an hour, if you want a chair at the pool be in line at 8:00 (I hear people come early and lay a towel on a chair and come back later, I saw LOTS of towels on empty chairs) The pool was dirty and full of bugs. Our room had stained carpet, dripping airconditioner vent and our toilet also was leaking. As someone else said pizza boxes, pillows and towels would sit in the hall all day. We stayed at Ballys in April and our room was immaculate.For the same price next time we will stay at Ballys.	
Jul 24 2009 	rudedirty not what they advertise	just got back from Vegas. 5 nights at the Flamingo go room. we upgraded 25 dollars more a night up high,king bed and view.We get in the girl says you have all that you asked for . our room was up high, view of Paris,I.P. and belogio .it was nice. The beds 2 queens. The ipod dock had no cable to listen to our ipods.This was one reason why we upgraded. The tv in the bathroom didn't work.We called down they said they would send womeone up and the safe was locked and we could not open it had to wait for someone for that too. Finally the next day the TV in the bathroom worked it was the batteries in the converter.We were told that the ipod cables have all been stollen so could never listen too our ipods. The maids cleaned nothing no mirrors,tubs showers carpets nothing. They did make the bed!! halls were very messy. When we called and got no where at the desk then went down to the front desk and waited and waited we finally got some very rude gay guy that was just horrible and could care less. we wanted to change go rooms to a king and maybe everything would work in it to he said I have 1 pool view I said no we asked for up high strip view king bed he said you had to request that all mame before you arrived I said i did and double checked it the night before we arrived for my boyfriends birthday. He said if you want a view that would be 20 more a night I said we already have a view. It was horrible. We stayed in our original room and will never ever stay there again will tell every one we know. The pool was also messy the grout was all dirty and broken this place needs to be shut down and either fixed or blown up.Very disappointed and with the service also the bathrooms in the casino part where so messy ant stinky. you go to any other hotel and they are so much cleaner bathrooms pools ect. go to one of them its worth it.	
Jul 24 2009 	No complaints	I normally don't leave reviews unless I am really upset about a service, but I have to say, after reading all the negative reviews i was actually very nervous about checking into this room. Hotel is very nice to be as old as it is, one of the first built. When we looked in our room nice size, clean. We was only in the room to sleep and shower. If you are looking for something to relax in this is not the place, but I had no problems, oh failed to mention the air wasnt all that good, but it cooled the room, but got a little hot at night. I would recommend this hotel if you are going for leisure and don't plan on jus chillin in the room all day. Give a try especially if the price is right. It also depends on what room you get because I heard our next door neighbor telling the cleaning lady that they were moving to a different room because of the air conditioning. The cleaning crew had our rooms cleaned at a decent time and clean towells were put into the room. We had another couple stay at circus circus and they had a horrible expereince. Have fun!!! Go to Margaritaville!!!	
Jul 24 2009 	Tickled Pink.....	Arrived Tuesday July 14th and the hotel registration line wasn't too bad as others have mentioned. Perhaps it was the day or time that we were checking in, or that we just got lucky. Mind you, there were two days at which we saw a monster of a line so be prepared. Grab a drink, take turns waiting in line, but be happy - you're in Vegas baby!This time our visit to the Flamingo was in one of their upgraded GO rooms and we were very happy with our choice. We were well aware that this hotel is older then others and that areas are looking a little worn but we must say they've done a good job with the conversion of some of these rooms.GO rooms were retro chic, pink striped wall coverings, white padded head board, with a cool TV built into the bathroom mirror. We were on the 17th floor and had a fantastic view of the pool area. We did manage to enter a vacant room which had the strip view - very nice as well.Our room consisted of a king size bed (at which we requested along with no smoking), a fridge, a safe, plenty of clean towels, and electronic window coverings.Speaking of pool, we think one of the nicest on the strip with its lush greenery, flamingos, atmosphere.Location - you cannot get much better then this. Right on the strip, literally in the center of it all, you don't have to walk miles to get out to the street and you'll see what I mean should you go visit one of the bigger hotels like Caesars. We love this spot as its so convenient to get around, close to a variety of fast food (in O'Sheas), the Deuce bus stop, and Tix4tonight should you want to catch a show for cheap (in Bills Gamblin Hall).Dining - we can't comment too much on what the Flamingo offers but we can say that if you've got a craving for a burger then eat at The Burger Joint. Generous servings and the food was really good. The boyfriend had the classic/traditional and I opted for the turkey and I don't think either of us finished. Oh yes, and give the pizza a try too. Can't remember the name of the place but its next to the burger joint.There is a place though that we'd like to mention and that is the Victorian cafe inside Bills. Absolutely what some would consider a hole in the wall but give it a try. Food, portions, &amp; price you cannot argue with. Give the all you can eat Chinese off the 9.99 menu a try - incredible deal. Prime rib was really good too. This place gets very busy so a waiting list you'll most likely encounter during peak times. Hang out, play the penny slots while you wait as its worth it.Entertainment - what better place then Vegas to catch a variety of shows. This time out with decided to catch Terry Fator over at the Mirage. This was the guy who won America's Got Talent and let me tell you he's got talent!This man brought tears to my eyes I laughed so hard, awesome show - thanks Terry!O'Sheas is another place that is alive with entertainment of a different sort. If you're into people over drinking and making fools of themselves then this is the place. Its a good thing that what happens in Vegas stays as we witnessed a few that won't have a clue as to what they did in Vegas. Not sure how much alcohol some of these less fortunate consumed but I sure as heck wouldn't want to be with them the next day when the hangover kicks in....ouch!This place is a lively one with karaoke, rock band air band competitions, beer pong, and Lucky who likes pouring shots into those willing from the bar.Also the best place to play Strip Poker, oh get your minds out of the gutter as I mean poker right on strip, you are literally two feet from the sidewalk.There is so much that I could mention but I'll let you explore for yourselves. It is what you make it and we made it fun. Yes you will encounter large masses of people at times so be patient, you will most likely over drink, over eat and undersleep but that's what the plane ride home is for.Hopefully if you're the gamblin type you'll come home with more then you came with like us, man what a nice feeling for a change. If you play poker remember that the Flamingos poker room offers bonuses for high hands and cracked aces.Overall we rate this visit to Vegas as one of our favourites to date and we thank the Flamingo for being a part of that. The staff were pleasant and informative, the hotel with its amenities clean &amp; appealing, and indeed would recommend this location to others.I look forward to our next visit and would highly consider staying at the Flamingo again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Roll the dice. It's Vegas! We had a great stay!!!!	I was extremely hesitant to stay at the Flamingo after reading the terrible reviews, but we received 4 comped nights through Harrah's reward program. If you gamble, sign up for the rewards program!! It's so worth it. We checked in late Sunday night and we reserved a deluxe room with a king-sized bed. They were out of rooms when we checked in so the wonderful front desk clerk (sorry I didn't get his name) upgraded us (for FREE) to the renovated GO rooms (it had 2 queen sized beds but who cares) on the 27th floor. Our room overlooked the strip and we had front row seats to the Bellagio fountain show!! We didn't spend much time in the room, so we needed the bed to be fantastic and it was! It was SO comfortable.CHECK IN:We did have an issue at check-in with the sizable deposit that is required. Make sure you let the credit card company know you are in Vegas so a hold isn't put on your card (we stayed at the South Point casino for 2 nights during the same trip). The front desk manager came over (he was so nice also) and let us put down a $200 cash deposit which was great because at least we left Vegas with $200!! We waited about 15 minutes to check in.ISSUES:The hallway to room did remind me of Stephen King's &quot;The Shining&quot;. It was endless and a little freaky. :&quot; Flamingo, put some plants or pictures on that hallway. It's creepy.&quot;My only other issue was there was a used Q-tip in the trash can when we arrived (I was praying it was my husband's until he remarked, &quot;I wish I didn't forget Q-tips.&quot; Uh oh...) But by the time we finished throwing away all the liquor bottles, who cared about that Q-tip?! (yes, make sure you buy some alcohol there...bar tabs add up) We were also disappointed the great sound system in the room didn't have an Ipod docking station. It was the weekend MJ died so we needed our Thriller fix!But the tv in the bathroom mirror was a great feature and the perpetual coconut smell wasn't horrible. We didn't use the pool but it was beautiful, crowded but beautiful...I do think that if a couple is staying there, they should both get free access to the GO pool...don't make the husband pay...that's the main reason we didn't go to the GO pool. We didn't eat there but the food didn't look bad. The wildlife gardens were beautiful. Also, internet service was $12.99 A DAY!! That was excessive.CASINO:We gambled a bit in the casino but I did have an issue with a dealer near the pole area at the strip entrance. She wasn't paying attention (too chatty) and turned the cards over before a placed my bet and then said I lost. However, the pit boss was GREAT and promptly gave me my bet back. But I still felt it was bad luck and I didn't gamble there for the rest of the trip. I don't know if it's the economy but we didn't have much luck in Vegas and most people we talked to didn't have much luck either. OVERALL:This was our 3rd trip to Vegas but the first time we stayed on the strip and the location, size (it's smaller and less confusing than most Vegas hotels) and staff was wonderful. We will definitely stay at the Flamingo again.	
Jul 23 2009 	"Go" Rooms excellent. Middle of Strip perfect.	I stayed in the &quot;GO&quot; room with strip view going off fellow trip advisor reviews. The room was excellent - fabulous King Bed, spacious, floor-to-ceiling glass windows overlooking Caesar's palace hotel on the strip. Bathroom was super funky with double shower heads, TV inbuilt in mirror, and pink lighting! As for the rest of the hotel, very average. Pool did not look like the photos - there are bigger more funky pool complexes with DJs etc at other hotels such as MGM Grand. If you are staying at a hotel for the location (Flamingo is super centrally located in the center of the strip) and for the room, then this is the place to be. If you want a cool casino and lux pool, stay elsewhere. I would recommend the Mandalay Bay if you want to splurge, or even the Lux or MGM for middle-range budgets, going off the brief visits I made to them. BTW, Vegas ROCKS.	
Jul 22 2009 	Yuck yuck yuck	First room overlooked a dingy roof with an old wooden walkway with nails sticking out of it. They promptly gave us a new room. (1 plus) First, the hotel is dingy and dirty. The elevators are gross. One would think that a cleaning person would be cleaning 24/7 well that is not the case. Don't touch anything it is swine flu heaven. (1-)Buffet - expensive and the prime rib was inedible. It was, I swear, as hard as shoe leather. Prime my [--]. (1-)Pool was crowded and full of drunk young adults. (1-)Room carpet was stained, dust bunnies on ceiling, tub drained slowly, It was worn out. Floor lady very personable, very nice maid. Front desk personell are apathetic. Will not return.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location at a great price	My first time to Las Vegas with the family so i wanted a hotel close to all the action but at a good price .. The Flamingo is right in the middle of the famous Strip opposite Ceasars Palace but at less than half the price ... we stayed for 6 nights before heading on to Los Angeles &amp; the cost averaged out at 45 per night for a large double queen bedded room with views over the strip on the 10th floor ..Hotel was great, just what you expect in Vegas .. Big Big Big .... Large swimming pools, Casino, Plenty of eating places, coffee lounges, shops, great staff &amp; garden area with Flamingos (what else) ..If you have a car then there is a large car park at the rear with free parking ..Go to Vegas .. there can't be anywhere else like it ... great for adults &amp; kids alike ... Try out the &quot;all you can eat buffets&quot; all the hotels do them ... some for as little as $5.You really can have an inexpensive holiday once you get here ... as long as you don't overdo it in the casino's.As for the shows .. well its all here, top named stars &amp; shows every night if you want or just stroll up &amp; down the strip people watching, that doesn't cost a penny..Go to Vegas, stay at the Flamingo &amp; you will not be sorry.	
Jul 22 2009 	VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN!!!	It was our first time to stay at the Flamingo...we had always wanted to stay there, but never had. After, we wished we hadn't!!! Can't imagine that Donny and Marie and other big-name entertainers would be proud to perform there!! The flashing lights and all outside at night seem very inviting, but surely is not the same inside and in the rooms. We had paid $20 to upgrade to a front view room of the strip since our room was not ready. It was suppose to be non-smoking. It was terrrible when we walked in. SMOKY SMOKY SMOKY!! We called the front desk and she said she would move us to another room when it became ready. That room still smelled smoky but at least tolerable. However, our room was so dirty...the carpet was stained and filthy. The furniture was all chipped and very outdated. The beds were like sleeping on a wooden box. The paint was chipped off the woodwork and bathroom door and cabinets. The bathroom tub and walls surely needed caulking badly. Surely not what we had expected at the Flamingo!!! I would have hated to see the standard room that we were suppose to have before the upgrade!! The rest of the hotel, including the elevators, tile floors in main areas and hallways, areas around restaurants and glass doors looked like they had not been cleaned FOREVER! It surely did not look inviting to eat there anywhere!! The pool was big and beautiful, except that older adults and families could not enjoy swimming there......the college age kids seemed to take their drinks (and whatever) and congregate in the pool and take up all the main pool space. They weren't in there to swim but to gather there and drink, and stand (for hours) and talk and fool around!! The hotel needs to make them a special pool to stand in and drink, or make them drink and party out among the lounges...after they swim...NOT OCCUPY ALL OF THE POOL FOR HOURS!!!! We heard many many complaints from others about the same issue. We all paid to use the pool too, but couldn't enjoy it because of all of them!! We also saw what we thought must have been marajuana machines brought out to the pool. The kids were surely passing it around and puffing on it, plus all their drinking was not a pretty sight....the lifeguards couldn't help but have seen it, so they must be allowed to bring it there?????? Another complaint was when we went to the casino....and found that on machines that you can bet lines and how many bets, the &quot;1&quot; and &quot;2&quot; bet buttons have been removed so you have to bet the bigger amounts only to play!!!! Only hotel casino that we found that to be true!! Needless to say, we did not enjoy our stay and will never stay again!!!! Harrahs needs to take some of the big money they collect and do some great upgrading to this hotel FOR SURE!!! We had been in the area for some time and had stayed in several places before we came to the Flamingo.......the Flamingo was the worst of them all!!!!!!! Thought you might like to know this......FLAMINGO!! I hope that you read all of these reviews and take them seriously!!	
Jul 20 2009 	Exactly what I would expect for the price!	Had a great time at the hotel. Arrived at 10:30AM on a Friday and was given access to a King Go Room immediately. Front counter staff was great, friendly and helpful.Received my two free drink coupons after request.Location excellent. Pool was Excellent. Get there early.Gambling was horrible...We only play 21 so refused to play at the Harrah's properties as they only pay 6/5 on a 21----went to the MGM properties to gamble...they still pay a true out on a true BJ. I would stay here again....the GO rooms were excellent, modern, and clean. In room Fridge was also nice.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel and stay	I had a great stay (3 nites). I am a large person so the bed was a little soft for me, but overall the room was great. The buffet, very busy, but one of the best I have ever had.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Room Amazing Pool Friendly Service!	Just returned from three nights in Vegas, and the Flamingo was everything and more than I had expected. Check in was a breeze, GO room was cute and clean, staff was always smiling and helpful. The pool was crowded but I arrived in the afternoon and was able to find seats under a tree no problem, By that time alot of people have left the pool area without removing the towels from the lounge so if there wasnt flip flops or a drink next to a chair they're up for grabs. So much action and fun at the pool. If you want to drink I would go for the large drinks in the souvenir cup, they are like $15 but we addeed an extra shot and had a great buzz after one drink. Plastic souvenir cup kept it nice and cold too. The location was absolutely perfect!! The eggs benedict breakfast at the cafe was the best I'd ever had and the burgers at Burger Joint were fat and inexpensive. Loved walking through the habitat with all the real flamingos and other exotic birds. Sin City Brewery in lobby was a great place to cool off with a Heffeweizen - yum. All in all this 3 star hotel gave me a 5 star experience!!!!	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent Location Horrible Service	The flamingo hotel was in a great location on the strip, although each and every employee we had contact with was rude and unpleasant to work with. Our check in clerk was extrememly rude and then got an attitude because we didn't upgrade $30 more per night for an 'updated' room. Room service would barely skim the room, make the bed and leave just extra towels. At a cafe for breakfast our waitress ignored us several time then acted as if she were annoyed by us being there and litterally slammed our plates in front of us. Next time we will save our money and stay at the less expensive, more friendly hotel right next door, the Imperial Palace.	
Jul 18 2009 	Amazing spot!!	This hotel has everything you could possibly ask for and MORE!! We upgraded to the luxury GO room and it was AMAZING! My other friend had the standard room and it was a clean standard room you would see at a best western. You couldn't ask for a better location or service at this hotel...be prepared when you arrive to wait most of your day for your room...afterall they have 3500 rooms to clean and to check in...just pack your suits in your carry on and an outfit and check your bags at the bag check and go check out the AMAZING pool and hotel!!!I will be back as soon as I can!!	
Jul 18 2009 	find somewhere else to stay.	My husband I were booked to stay here for 4 nights. We checked in VERY late and didnt really ahve a chance to look at the room. When I woke in the morning , I had a chance to look around the room. GROSS!! There were stains covering most of the carpet, the shower was moldy and there was a hole in the batroom faucet. It was so gross, I wore my shoes int eh room. I was upset at this point and spilled a bottle of soda on the bed. I pulled the sheets back to avoid the soda soaking through, and when I did pull back the sheet, I found bugs on the matress cover. .... crawling. Now I was really disgusted. I had slept with those all night!! I immedialtly called down and they said they would move my room to another standard room but they wouldnt have a room to later in the day. No upgrade, no NOTHING!! Just a OOPS. I got on the phone with Paris and arranged to stay there instead. They were very nice when they found out the situation ( they are a sister property ) and gave me a wonderful rate and a great room. Thank you Paris !! I will never return to the Flamingo and would suggest that if anyone is looking here that they would keep looking elsewhere.	
Jul 18 2009 	We keep trying	We stay here often. We have stayed in many rooms. This time we stayed on the 14th floor in an older room. I do believe the Flamingo corporation has given up competing with all the other hotels in Las Vegas. This room was clean, the bathroom was clean, the bed comfortable, sheets clean, They have given up with bed spreads. Of course great pool, pretty grounds, many places to sit, have am. coffee important to me(no coffee maker in the room). Since we were comped for our stay, all we did was say, &quot;they have given up&quot;. I would stay here again, location, location, location clean bathroon, showers, sheets, and no smoke are important to me	
Jul 16 2009 	Place was terrible	I stayed in the Flamingo this past June and I was very disappointed. The place was dirty.... The elevators where old, carpet was dirty.... One afternoon when we returned to our room we noticed an item on the hallway ( female's personal item) when we went out to dinner about two hours later the item was still there. I told my boyfriend when we return if the item is still there I will call house keeping, well believe it or not when we got back the item was still in same location. I called front desk and they told me they would take care of it... Next morning we went out for breakfast and would you believe the item was still in the same spot, I went to the lobby and spoke to desk associate she apologized and told me they would take care of it....... i would not recommend this resort, save or money for better things, it will be a waste of money and you will be unhappy....	
Jul 16 2009 	What a dump I'll never stay there again	I have stayed at the Flamingo a number of times on my yearly/ 1/2 yearly trips to Vegas. I have always had a pleasant experience. I do not expect much from them considering the cost of the rooms and the age of the hotel. However, this last trip was a disaster, from the disgusting &quot;Deluxe queen room&quot;; very dirty and cheap looking - chipped and stained furniture, dust an inch thick around the perimeter of the room to the &quot;Deluxe Go room&quot; with it's leaking shower. It took three visits to the front desk to finally get a decent room and we had to upgrade to the deluxe go room to get it. And even then we had to walk past dried up vomit on our way to the elevators each time we left our room. The front desk staff was less than helpful, including the manager. Even after complaining about the problems with the rooms, vomit in the hallway, leaking shower, etc. all they gave us was one comp'd night for the upgrade and $30 room credit. The only nice thing to say about this place is the pool but make sure you get there early to get a good spot as it fills up fast. Margaritaville was a good experience and our waiter Ryan was the best. I will never never stay at the Flamingo again and do not recommend it to anyone, no matter how much of a savings you are getting over some of the other hotels.	
Jul 15 2009	Old Vegas at its BEST!	Took my father to Las Vegas to celebrate his 60th birthday. We stayed at the Flamingo for 3 days, arriving very early on a Saturday. We expected to have to hang out all day until 4:00 p.m. to check in, but they allowed us to check in around noon. We were able to stash our bags with the hotel and they were brought up to our room right away after check-in. The hotel itself appeared to be clean. Of course, it is an older hotel, so there are some areas of wear and tear, but nothing gross. The casino: was not overly large. It was easy to navigate but offered all the gambling we needed. It was clean and the waitresses came around frequently with drinks. Staff seemed very personable. Our room: we opted for the upgraded GO room, which I highly recommend. It was clean and comfortable with a large screen tv in the bedroom and another in-mirror tv in the bathroom. The shower was wonderful with extra jets. Plenty of room to store clothes and our room even had a small fridge. The food: We didn't try all of the restaurants, but ate at the Tropical Breeze Cafe each morning for breakfast. The food was consistently good with generous (but not crazy) portions. We tried the Burger Joint, too. My dad had a hamburger which was big and (he said) very good. I tried the vegie burger, which was very, very tasty. I would highly recommend. The pool: was large enough. we went to the lagoon pool each day and the only negative thing i can say about the whole Flamingo experience is that if you want a good seat at the pool, you need to get there early. That, and it didn't seem like cleaning up garbage around the pool was the Flamingo's #1 priority. But, I guess it's hard to keep clean when there are a lot of people drinking there all day! Not enough of a problem to rate this hotel anything but excellent. I really enjoyed my stay here and would go back again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 15 2009 	Pleasantly surprised after reading multiple negative reviews	Let me start by saying that our group of 11 ladies almost changed our hotel because of the negative reviews we read on this site. I am so happy that we kept our reservations. The rooms... regular rooms, not the GO rooms... were clean, spacious and all that was needed for a girls trip to Vegas. The decor could be updated, but really didn't matter since all we did was sleep in these rooms. Between our group of 11 we had 5 rooms and not one of them was dirty. The pool was great... I recommend spending the money on a cabana so you have some shade available when you need it. There are water misters throughout the pool deck which is lined with beautiful palms and water features. Do not miss out on the water slides. You start with a longer curving slide which leads to one of the smaller pools and from there you can hop on to one of 2 other slides which are shorter in length and lead to 2 of the other small pools. The large pool has a grotto which you can enter from the main area either by going through the water falls or by walking on the deck. There are bar servers walking the deck throughout the day... or you can walk up to the bar on your own. The frozen drinks are great, although expensive. Now as for the staff... some of the staff was very cheerful and helpful. Other staff members were cranky and had the personalities of a wet towel. By far our favorite staff member was Tiffany, who served as our cabana girl while we rented 2 cabanas for a day. She was very friendly and we were never wondering where she was nor were we ever sitting with empty drinks. I would recommend requesting her if at all possible should you rent a cabana during your stay. All in all I was very happy with the Flamingo. This was my second stay and I found it to be even better than the first. I would stay here again without a question. And the room prices, especially if you catch a special, were VERY reasonable.	
Jul 14 2009 	You get what you paid for......I guess	My wife and I stayed at the hotel July 6th through the 10th. I will not go into too much detail since the other &quot;negative&quot; reviews pretty much cover it.This was our first time going to Vegas and based on the rates I saw with various hotels on the strip, the Flamingo was the cheapest and in the location we desired. I did originally book the deluxe room but after reading the reviews and wanting a romantic getaway I paid for the Go Deluxe....looked great on the web!So, here we go......Negatives1. The Go Deluxe was nice but we also reserved a King and got a double (we slept separately), lights were burnt out, our room was not cleaned daily but we had access to the towels and things.2. The Hotel overall was dirty...especially the elevators.3. The main Pool was nice overall but like others mentioned it was kind of dirty. If you want a prime location in the pool area make sure you are at the gate no later than 7:15am. Gates open at 8am but there is a lengthy line by 8am. 4. Service, well the lack there of. I rarely saw Flamingo staff smiling and do not expect them to assist you with anything.5. There are computer terminals located in the Hotel lobby area, a sign states that you can use for internet and printing boarding passes....minimum cost is $5 for so many minutes compare to the $13 in the hotel room. DO NOT USE TO PRINT BOARDING TICKETS. I paid the $5 and tried to print, nothing printed and I lost my $5. The person at the front desk told me that I really should not print from those terminals even though there is a sign that states I can......did not get my $5 back.....back to the great customer service.6. Drinks and food are expensive at the Hotel7. We checked in late so did not have to deal with the long lines at the front desk but did see ALLOT of long lines throughout the day.Postives1. GREAT LOCATION2. Overall the room was fine but nothing special2. THE PRICE WAS RIGHT3. From what I heard, one of the better pools on the strip	
Jul 14 2009 	Superb location	Stayed here for 3 nights at the end of June. This was part of a Virgin package. We arrived late Saturday afternoon and it took us about 5 mins to check in. We didn't upgrade and were allocated a room on the tenth floor.Room 10168. If you looked left from the window you could see some of the strip. It was clean. It had a bath but no plug in it. It was 200 steps from the lift to the room. Be prepared for walking miles on this holiday if you want to enjoy the ambience of Vegas.We sat by the pool for a couple of hours on the Sunday afternoon. We stareted on beds about 10 apart but soon someone moved and we moved together. The water felt cool initially but it was refreshing as the temperature was 110.The corridor wasn't very clean. A broken glass and a pizza box remained several days but went eventually.We didn't eat in the hotel but often sat in the very reasonable bar on the strip beside the entrance to the casino and watched the world go by.All in all we were very happy with the Flamingo. We checked out on the tv so just had to post our keys in a box in reception.	
Jul 14 2009 	Comped and Probably Would Not Return	I stayed at the Flamingo Las Vegas during the July 4th holiday weekend. We stayed 4 nights and received 2 nights comped from the HET. We chose to stay at this hotel due to the good rates (2 comped) during the crowded holiday weekend. Overall, I thought the hotel was not terrible, but nothing great. You truly get what you pay for. As other have reported, the rooms and casino are dated. Checking in (which took 1 hour at midnight), I knew the rooms were dated, but was excited about the pool. However, the pool is dirty and over crowded. Good luck trying to find a chair if you did not get to the pool by 8:30 A.M. on a Saturday. However, on the positive, I will say that the location is fabulous and according to my boyfriend the drink service is amazing. If you are looking for a cheap hotel with a great location, then try the Flamingo. I probably wouldn't go back (even if it were comped again). When on vacation, I like to relax and spend my time in a nice, contemporary, and beautiful hotel. Next time, I will be sure to spend the extra money to receive such accomodations.	
Jul 13 2009 	Our Stay was just OK	We stayed for four nights and stayed in a Go room. The room was just OK. The best thing about the room were the two TVs, the flat screen and the little flat screen in the bathroom. The wait to check in was not too bad even though the line was very long. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The elevators and parking garage areas were filthy. The buffett was terrible and overpriced. There was not much of a selection. Our stay was just OK; therefore, we will not be staying there again as I think we can do better for the price we paid.	
