Nov 7 2009 	Mixed Bag Wish the AC worked.	Rooms have the necessary amenities but were kind of too small. Pillows were too Soft for me. The biggest problem for me was the AC did not work continuously which made my stay quite uncomfortable. On speaking to the front desk, they acknowledged the problem and said they did not have central AC and the room ACs need to be energy efficient as per government regulations. Still I had a difficult time understanding how the ACs would shut off when the room was still hot.Good things here were smoke-free policy, free breakfast and wifi (excellent speed), good service (especially BJ at front desk). Location wise it was OK. There are groceries and starbucks close by, but note that it can take up to 25 minutes to get to the Bellagio area on the strip during evening time. A minor point about the decor, probably I expected too much from other reviews it was just OK and not great (for me).	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Hotel PLUS Great Rate!	Highly recommend this hotel. Staff friendly and helpful. Rooms a bit on the small side, but has everything you could need - especially nice linens, furniture, and decor. The room was very clean, though for a non-smoking hotel, the room smelled like it had been smoked in. This cleared as soon as we started the air conditioner . We stayed in the &quot;new&quot; wing on the top floor and couldn't hear anyone else the whole time. The free breakfast was hot, good and plentiful. It included hot pancakes, potatoes, eggs, and we saw people with bacon, though it was not available when we ate. The breakfast also had cereal, muffins, toast, juice, coffee, etc. Only thing missing in my opinion was fruit.We love the free high-speed wireless internet. We also loved the indoor pool (though it was a bit on the cold side for our 2 little girls). The location was about 1-2 miles from the strip. It was just fine for us because we were just passing through on our way to California, but if you are there to &quot;do&quot; the strip, I would recommend staying on the strip itself. If you're just looking for a great night 's stay, this is the place!In addition to being a great hotel, the price was great ! We couldn't have been happier with our stay! We'll be back!	
Sep 19 2009 	Awesome place great deal	Really nice place- very new, sleek, clean. Awesome free breakfast. Polite staff. No complaints.	
Sep 15 2009 	Wish I could clone this hotel and price everywhere!	We used this facility for one night at the start of our two week trip and again for two nights at the end. We had a room on the 3rd floor on first night and 1st floor on the second stay, both times we had NO problems with noise. Both time, our room was very clean. Beds very comfortable. It is very convenient to the car rental center and to the Duece bus transit center. We are from a small town and dislike busy and congested traffic, as on the strip in Vegas. This hotel allowed us to fly in late, pickup a car, check in, relax and get to bed (without going through a crowded and smoky casino). Desk gave us a small map upon request of where we could pick up a few snacks and a couple beers before settling in for the night. A great market was only a couple blocks away, with minimal traffic in a new city. If you are looking for a wild time, smoke and traffic you can probably find cheaper accomodations on the strip. On our second stay we arrived late in the afternoon, after driving all day in from Moab UT and found a great and reasonable buffet at the South Point Casino. This is south a few blocks from the microtel (and again, away from the traffic on the north strip) and it was delicious! We ate at South Point both of our two dinners in Las Vegas.	
Aug 25 2009 	Cute and Cozy not far from main strip	Nicely priced, clean, comfy, pet friendly hotel only minutes from the main hubub of the strip	
May 8 2009 	Clean updated and great breakfast returning soon!	We stayed here in April while my husband worked in Las Vegas. The room was clean, updated and everything in working order. Breakfast had everything we could think of, eggs, sausage, potatos, fruit, and waffles (also has cereal and bread). The pool is nothing fancy, but clean &amp; certainly adequate with an outside sunning area. A huge shopping Outlet Mall is next door *about a block's walk. Staff was cordial but businesslike. This place seems an excellent 'home away from home' for the price ($69/night) and we are going back in May.	
May 1 2009 	Not so great	last minute decision to go to vegas. I guess it was a busy weekend coz almost every hotel is booked. So we ended up staying here. never heard of this hotel before. free internet and breakfast. wow! but for about $165/tax??? not sure..check in is at 3pm but the front desk let us in the rm before then. It was a hot day so I gave my 2 kids a bath. 5 &amp; 3yrs old. There were 3 towels in the rm. Used 2 so down to 1. I took a shower after so all the towels are wet. I called the front desk to request for new towels. I was asked how many so i told her 2. I waited and waited. even prepared $2 for tip. 7pm comes, still no towels. so I jst let it go. I hung the towels so we could use them again. Went out to eat. In the am, I was really looking forward to having a big breakfast. I was gambling til 3am so i woke up about 9:30am. got ready to go eat. 10:15am i go out... Guess what??? No more food outside. breakfast is till 11am and its a buffett!!! So i asked the guy who was cleaning the eating place what happened to the food. &quot;no habla engles&quot; is what i got. so i was giving him sign language and all he can tell me was &quot;maniana&quot; whick means tomorrow. DANG!!! So all I got from there was coffee. not that hot anymore so i decided to make one in the rm but the coffee maker was so dirty. I was jst pissed off already that we jst had to check out right away. never staying here again!	
Apr 26 2009 	Very good quietconvenientgood pricefree stuffgood rate.	Stayed four nites at this hotel, first time at a Microtel. In Vegas on a very tight budget for the NAB show and workshop. Did not want a big Vegas strip hotel. Made res on Travelocity, no problems. Arrived late on a Saturday nite, took taxi from airport to hotel, about a 10 minute ride @$16.00. But you can save some money and get on the rental car bus (free) - get off at the rental center and walk up to the South bus terminal (about 2 blocks) and get the 117 bus that goes south down Las Vegas Bl and get off just past the hotel, bus is $1.75(exact change). This bus terminal is also where you can get the &quot;Deuce&quot; bus, the very slow moving bus that goes up &amp; down the Vegas strip. If you don't have heavy bags, and don't mind a good walk, you could also just walk from the car rental center to the hotel - about a 25-30 minute walk. The hotel is new, has free wi-fi, free breakfast and free parking. Room was very clean, bed and pillows good, big plasma TV with full cable. Front desk was friendly. The huge Las Vegas outlet center is next to the hotel, so if you like to shop you'll be set - just walk right over. Plenty of food dining options - Mcdonalds, IHOP (with free wi-fi &amp; 24hrs.), Chilli's, Subway, Dunkin Donuts, Quizno's all nearby. A euro style bar &amp; restaurant is also next to the hotel. The Hilton Garden Inn is a block away. A new mall with a Border's book store is about a mile up the Boulevard. The famous &quot;Welcome To Vegas&quot; sign is about a 25-30 minute walk straight up the Blvd and there is a spot for people to take pix in front of it. A golf driving range is also about a mile up the road. I'll stay again, only initial prob was figuring out the bus system, but once I did- the bus system was very convenient and cheap. Just allow extra time &amp; note connecting buses may be reduced on weekends, bus schedules are online. And beware that the &quot;Deuce&quot; bus at night, has to be the slowest moving bus in the world. But you can avoid that by taking a bus up Paradise rd instead of Las Vegas Blvd. So I recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a quiet,convenient,new &quot;non-casino&quot; small hotel with free parking,wi-fi &amp; breakfast.	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent!!...Wish I could of stayed longer	Stayed here for one night before my flight the next morning. I must say, this is by far the best Microtel I have stayed in and I have probably stayed in ten or twelve different Microtel's. It is obvious that the hotel is fairly new...as other reviewers did state it is a totally non-smoking hotel, so if you are a smoker I would suggest requesting a first floor room to make going in and out a little easier. The lobby is very modernly decorated, bright, and welcoming.Beds are very comfortable and soft- the only downside is that most Microtel's (including this one) don't usually have King beds- only single and double Queens. LCD HDTV's are also a big plus. Free Internet and phone calls anywhere in the Lower 48 is nice to save on those cell phone minutes. Upon checking in, the front desk employee was very polite and welcoming. Since this was a Tuesday night, the rate I received was an EXCELLENT value. Breakfast was excellent with eggs, sausage, and beacon as well as muffins and fruit. There is limited seating in the breakfast area, so I would imagine this is very crowded on the weekends and when the hotel is booked. This hotel is a little off the strip, so if you are planning on seeing all the sights, you need a car or rely on public transportation. The hotel is right across from the outlet Mall, which has over 100 stores as well as numerous fast food dining options all within walking distance. If you don't want fast food, there are several restaurants in front of the outlet mall along Las Vegas Blvd. including IHOP, Chili's, Buffalo Wild Wings, and others. These are probably a 10 minute walk from the hotel. I would recommend this hotel if you don't want to be on the strip and want a good value.	
Jan 3 2009 	Clean Efficient Staff Good Breakfast Family-Friendly	I stayed two nights at the Microtel (Dec. 25-27, 2008). The day that I checked in was Christmas day, so the Microtel was very quiet. I really enjoyed my first night there, because there was hardly anyone else there (except for another guest with a dog down the hall from my room). The room was very clean, quite new, and the HDTV was great! The bathroom was clean, the bedroom smelled new (all rooms are non-smoking), and since this is a non-gambling hotel, it's very peaceful and quiet. No casinos in the lobby means that when you wake up and walk downstairs, you won't hear sounds of the slot machines nor will there be the stench of cigars and cigarettes in the air. It's really a nice place for people who like to come back to peace and quiet after an eventful day at the casinos on the Vegas Strip.Another plus was the free wifi internet which I used to check my flight status and emails. Breakfast was excellent (and free!), and consisted of a buffet of scrambled eggs, waffles, sausages, toast, various cereals, coffee/tea/milk/juice, yogurt, and fruits. My second night at the Microtel was more noisy. Many families, including teenagers and children, checked in on Dec. 27th to get to Vegas for the New Years Eve celebration. The Microtel was noticeably more busy (long lines at breakfast). The walls are a bit thin, so I could hear screaming kids and teenagers running up and down the halls. The dog down the hall barked every time people walked by, so it was difficult to sleep.Another thing -- this isn't a good place to stay if you don't a car. The location is quite far from the Vegas Strip (Las Vegas Blvd.).If you don't have a car, you must take walk to the bus stop across the street from the Microtel, and that bus will take you to the Main Bus Terminal. From there, you must take the Deuce Bus which is the bus that goes to the Vegas Strip. It takes about an hour to go from the Microtel to the North Strip (near the Wynn Hotel) during rush hour (7pm - 1am). Other than the not-so-ideal location, and the screaming kids and barking dog, I like the Microtel. I would stay here again. The next time, though, I would rent a car. Taxi cabs from the Microtel to the Vegas Strip are about $20 one-way to the central Strip.	
Dec 5 2008 	great price and breakfast for an exceptional hotel	Booked this hotel on the internet so I knew where it was and how far away from the strip. In saying that we only had a car for half of our stay (we drove to and from LA) and so once we came back to the hotel we did not feel like going out again. The bus trip back and forth from the strip to the hotel wasn't too bad and there is a lovely area called town square not too far from the hotel which has a kids play area and lovely restaurants. A lot quieter if you feel like a change of pace. The hotel itself is new and very clean and quiet. As we had kids with us we used the pool every day (only ones there). Inside pool and a bit cold but very refreshing after a full day out and about. The staff were exceptional and very helpful. The breakfast was very tasty and enjoyed by all. There is great outlet shopping just across the road and the airport very close by.	
Nov 28 2008 	Went there for the free WiFi and breakfast buffet	I booked with i4Vegas.com. I stayed 4 nights in mid September, 2008. The rate was reasonable being it included breakfast buffet and free WiFi access. My room was clean with a king size bed with large mirror on the wall behind the bed. Small refrigerator in the room. Bed was very comfortable.Flat screen TV. Desk with chair. Free phone calls within the continental United States. That sure saves on using my cell phone. I did not drive but there is a parking lot out front for those who do drive. Getting there from the airport is best to take a cab and even then I asked a dispatcher and he had never heard of this place. Same with the driver but he had a map so he pulled aside and checked out the way to go there based on the fact I told him it was right off Las Vegas Blvd. South. Going back to the airport just walk through the Las Vegas Outlet Center ( a good walk alongside the malls). Then take the Duce bus. This bus takes you to the south strip transfer terminal. From there you take Bus #109 to McCarran Airport. Don't take this bus from the airport to Microtel. Long explanation but you might be sorry if you do. From the airport to the Inn it is really close but taxi is expensive. Cost about $17. I gave the driver $20 tip included. The Duce is still $5 a day (24 hours) as of this wriring. Great bargain. It can take a lot of time going up or down the strip but the price is worth it. Just remember when returning from the strip on the Deuce after the bus makes a left turn from Las Vegas Blvd onto E. Warm Springs Blvd. get off at that stop and walk through the mall back to Microtel.You will be happy that you stayed here away from all the noise. Do the maids a favor and tell them it is okay not to change the bed sheets and pillow cases like I did so they can have something to smile about.	
Sep 27 2008 	Nice Price and Amenities	I was very pleased with my stay at Microtel in Las Vegas. I got a very good price for a weekend stay through Expedia, considering all the “Big Boys” gouge you on the weekends. The motel is one block off Las Vegas Blvd, south of the Strip, and very near the airport. It is similar to a Holiday Inn Express, which I enjoy. Breakfast buffet was included, including hot items and even fresh baked waffles. High speed wireless internet access was free and speedy (2500 kbs), compared to my DSL at home. Both local AND long distance calls were free! This appears to be a new motel and everything was fresh and clean. I even got a free “suite” upgrade upon checking in, which included fridge, microwave, bar sink, flat screen TV, and living area. The beds were comfortable. There was some airport noise in the morning and the AC unit was a bit noisy, but the AC helped to drown out the airport noise! The staff was pleasant and helpful with my questions. I would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 20 2008 	Great Value	I found this hotel last minute on the internet. It seemed clean and it was a great deal, so I decided to give it a try. We were on our way back to Las Vegas to catch our flight home after traveling around Southern Utah. We didn't need a flashy hotel and since we were with the kids, it wasn't like we needed a casino or anything. It is right across the street from the outlet mall, so it was convenient for shopping.When we were first given our room, it smelled very strongly of cleanser and the floor in the bathroom was very slippery (like there was soap on it). The carpets were wet as well. I think it had gone through a major cleaning. We got our room changed and we ended up in off-wing. It was very quiet, so we didn't hear any people the whole time we were there. The breakfast buffet was one of the best for a free hotel breakfast. Eggs, sausage, fresh waffles, etc. The room had a microwave and fridge and the flat screen TV that everyone is talking about. But, who really needs those in Vegas. The only' drawback I can think of is the air conditioning. It's is an individual unit in the room (not the whole building), so it can get quite noisy. I would stay here again if passing through Vegas. It is an extremely good value, clean and new. But, if you're there to enjoy the nightlife and all the flash that Vegas has to offer, you're better off staying on the strip.	
May 23 2008 	Not again	Paid $92/night for 2 nights on May 16 &amp; 17, 08 through hotel's website. Pros &amp; cons:Pros:-- right next to the outlet with a bunch of food facilities in walking distance-- good hot breakfast, includes freshly cooked oakmeal, waffles, potatoes, scrambled eggs and more-- super clean rooms and facilities, spacious rooms-- BIG Vizio flatscreen TV in room-- clean and neat pool and gym-- very good values for the priceCons:-- bad lighting in the rooms from florescent light bulbs, gave me constant headaches-- bed too soft for me-- weird breakfast area: no tables; people have to use brown fold-away tables to eat while sittting in the lounge!! Sit further out near the entrace where the air is much cooler-- bad signage; hard to find if you are coming from LV Blvd. (it's behind the Chevron Station and Hilton Garden Inn)-- paperthin walls	
May 4 2008	Probably will not stay again....	I had booked the Shop and Save special online with the Microtel Inn in Las Vegas as they promised a booklet of coupons for the Outlet stores across the street. Upon check in, the clerk said she had no idea what I was talking about. I showed her my printed reservation and she stated &quot;oh, the manager said we aren't getting the booklets.&quot; I then asked her why I would want to pay $99 for a special that didn't include the &quot;special&quot; and she did not know what to say. I finally had to show my government ID and was given a better rate. I suggest calling before booking a special online to make sure they have the special. The room was nice and clean. But the walls were paper thin. You could hear every toilet flush, people in the next room talking and the showers in the rooms on either side will wake you up if someone showers late at night. I was completely amazed at the amount of water noise. You can also hear the people upstairs walking. Not a hotel I would suggest for anyone who wants a goods nights rest. I will not be booking with a Microtel again unless it is the only hotel left in Vegas. Much nicer and less expensive hotels in the same area.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great value	We stayed here for 2 nights, and absolutely loved it. The staff was extremeely helpful, the room was clean and comfortable, and the breakfast buffet was superb. They no longer do the dinner buffet too, but it was still a great value for the money, and just a short drive to the Strip.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great place!	This pet friendly hotel is one of the best I have found so far. Great value, wonderful staff, immaculate rooms and property, breakfast and dinner included...what more could you ask for? Although small, the rooms are very comfortable, but in Las Vegas who spends that much time in a hotel room anyway? It is located just across the street from the Las Vegas outlet mall and is a very short drive to McCarren Airport and the Strip. If you are looking for a quiet place away from all of the action to relax at night &amp; not be tempted to run back down stairs &amp; gamble this is the hotel for you.	
Jan 30 2009 	tolles Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
