	Perfect	We went up for Football Championships had 2 teams ages from 9-12 yrs. we stayed here as a team. Had a great time at the Emerald Suites! The staff was very polite to all of us and gave us anything we needed during our stay that we forgot or ran out of. Very, very great laundry rooms for us we definitely had lots of uniforms to get washed. These suites are perfeclty located by the freeway, grocery and gas station. This will definetly be the place we come back to every year for the football championships with the great price, great rooms, great staff you can't beat it!! Thank you Emerald Suites!	
	What a great place to stay.	What a great place to stay, im from salt lake city utah and have been doing alot of business with clark county over the past 2 years and have stayed at the emerald suites everytime. its quiet, comferdable, and a great pool. its home away from home, the staff is always great and very helpfull when i call, i would recomend the emerald suites to everyone	
	A Great 'Get-away' place	Being a Las Vegas native, I have had the pleasure of staying at the Emerald Suites many times this past year. And for many nights at a time too. The location is perfect for touring the strip and shopping at the nearby mall. Everything is very quiet and you hardly get any noise from nearby neighbors. It's a great 'get-away' from the rest of everyday Las Vegas chaos. Having the two separate rooms for a living area and the bedroom still made it feel like home. The small kitchen made it easier to bring food to the hotel and 'eat-in' rather than spending too much on a expensive resturant. The hotel also has a convenient laundry room to do any last minute laundry.The service from the staff is always friendly and courteous. Anytime we needed new sheets and towels or decided to extend or shorten our stay it was never any problem. They were always ready and willing to help. I always recommend this hotel to any friends or family, whether they are visiting from out of town or just want to spend a few nights out away from home.	
	Feels like home!	My wife and I have enjoyed our first couple weeks here – we’re part of the snowbirds group that comes to Las Vegas every year for the winter months. Its so nice to feel like your welcome and at home. That’s why we come each year back to Emerald suites. The service we get from the staff and the way they all treat us makes us feel very good and that’s why we come here. And the suites are so big, enough room for all the stuff we bring with us. The best thing is the potluck they throw for all of us around Christmas time, it’s just like were family.	
Nov 24 2009 	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in!	I recently stayed at the hotel the Emerald Suites on South Las Vegas Blvd for 9 days due to a conference I was attending. Let me say this as politely as I can....the place was a dump. I am not opposed to staying at 2 or even 3 star hotels, but this one is one of the worst places I have ever stayed in my life. More than anything it was the hotel staff and the management that caused all the problems. Let me first tell you that I had several problems with my room and I called down to the front desk SEVERAL times to ask for help, to no avail. FINALLY, I sent an email to the office stating what I felt were the issues in the room. Let me share those with you:1.) First of all with 3 floors I expected there to be an elevator. I have had knee surgery and have a difficult time climbing stairs. Much to my surprise, not only is there no elevator, but my room is on the 3rd floor. I was supposed to stay for 9 days, and I had more luggage than the usual overnight bag. It took me 3 trips up and down stairs to bring all of my items to my room. You need to put that on your website that there is NO ELEVATOR! 2.) I walked into the room and the musty smell was overwhelming.  3.) There is a huge hole in the door frame where it looks like a lock or sliding chain was ripped off the wall. 4.) They promised on their site Free High Speed Internet Access in the rooms, but mine NEVER worked. It wasn't my computer because the conference where I was attending in another hotel worked there just fine. 5.) Where the cables for the tv should be was a huge hole with wires and cables protruding and that is where I was supposed to plug into the internet access (which did not work). 6.) The remote in the bedroom did not work for 5 days. I kept calling the front desk and no-one came to fix it. It was on the 5th day that a Security office came and just swapped remotes with a new one that worked. I can't believe it took 5 days for that to happen. 7.) The tub did not drain and I stood in water up to my ankles every morning while trying to shower. 8.) The bedspreads are NO LESS than 15 years old and smell old and musty.  9.) Both beds in the room had broken frames and/or box springs. The one I had been sleeping on (the better of the two) was uncomfortable and painful. 10.) The third day into my stay I came back to the hotel after a long day of conferences only to walk up the 3 flights of stairs to find out that my key no longer worked. I had to walk all the way to the front desk, carrying my computer and briefcase (I didn't DARE leave it by my door) to get them to reprogram my key. 11.) I had to call twice as two lights have burned out during my stay. 12.) The bathroom light didn't even have a cover and the light bulb is just hanging down by a wire. 13.) I had been woken up no less than 3 nights in a row by the people in a neighbooring room have been having knock-down brawls and screaming matches.When I sent my list of issues to the Manager, she called me &quot;a miserable human being whom no-one could obviously please&quot;. When I asked her why the things in the room were even like that before someone checked in she said, &quot;you have to expect wear and tear in the rooms&quot;.Here is my recommendation... if you want a cheap hotel, stay at Circus Circus. At least you will have clean sheets and the lights and internet will work. If you want to stay in a dump... by all means... Stay at the Emerald Suites Hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel A Great place to stay	My stay at Emerald suites in Las Vegas was wonderful.The rooms were clean and comfortable, the staff was great.I plan to stay there every time I visit Las Vegas. I will refer this hotel to my friends.	
Oct 28 2009 	hotel review	we only spent one night in this hotel but we were pleasantly surprised at all the great amenities , including the mini kitchen and hospitality given to us.Our short stay had us planning another trip to this hotel before we left !OC	
Oct 28 2009 	The Best Place In Vegas	My husband and I stayed at the Emerald suites in Las Vegas for Bike fest, and we were amazed at all the comforts for 10 times less than any other place in Vegas. There is no way we will ever stay at any other place in all of Las Vegas. The Emerald Suites were truely AWSOME!!!!	
Oct 28 2009	Home away from home	The Emerald Suites is a wonderful place to stay in Las Vegas on a budget. It's great for people who don't want to be crowded in a room. Our room had two bedrooms, a family room, a kitchen, and a bathroom. There was plenty of space to get comfortable. I really enjoyed having a kitchen to cook as much as possible (saves money!). The location was nice. Not too far from the tourist area but far enough to feel sane at the end of the day. There was a mall close-by for some leisure time outside of the strip. The best part of the room for me was the walk in closets and lots of drawers! Many hotel rooms give you two hangers and maybe a few drawers. My family and I stayed for five days so it was nice to unpack, relax, and feel at home especially after coming back from a full day on The Strip. I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others.	
Oct 27 2009 	A Great room with great staff the best in Vegas!	My hubby and I went to Vegas for his birthday and loved the cheerful staff and clean rooms. We loved that they were large and roomy and very CLEAN. The staff were GREAT...I love this place. I ALWAYS want to stay there..	
Oct 27 2009 	2 kids/2 dogs	This hotel was a great choice for us. We enjoyed having the &quot;apartment&quot; feel for both the kids and the dogs. The front desk was very helpful and upgraded us to a 2-bedroom suite since I was travelling with 2 kids and 2 dogs.	
Oct 25 2009 	a decent budget-minded option in Las Vegas	My husband &amp; I are members of a vacation club, so the Emerald Suites accommodations were essentially chosen FOR us when we said we were going to Las Vegas. It's nothing spectacular or glamorous, but it worked well for us. We were in L.V. for a week, and the kitchenette allowed us to save some money by having some meals in our suite instead of having to eat in restaurants 3 meals every day. We also appreciated having laundry facilities on site, and a workout room. There was some sort of biker event in town, and some of the bikers were staying here, so I was a little concerned at first about some of the other guests that I saw in the lobby when we arrived. However, the property was quiet throughout our stay, and we never felt the least bit unsafe. Staff frequently patrolled the premises, picking up stray bits of garbage, and generally keeping an eye on things. The parking area and the inner courtyard were well-lit at night. Everything in our room worked properly, and it was clean &amp; non-smoking. One caveat: in theory, this suite could accommodate up to 4 people, as there were 2 queen beds, and also a sofa-sleeper. However, there is just one bathroom, and (for some unknown reason), the closet is attached to it, so when one person is using the bathroom with the door locked, nobody else can use the bathroom OR get to the closet! It was perfect for the 2 of us, but would have been a headache for a larger # of people.	
Oct 18 2009 	Pet Friendly	this was a great hotel if you have pets. however, they do try to charge you a 25 dollar pet fee - we were able to get it waived, but otherwise it probably wouldnt have been worth staying. there is a nice middle courtyard with grass, dirt and pebbles which is very dog friendly. lots of other residents had dogs as well. otherwise, good service, decent place, especially for the price we paid.	
Oct 17 2009 	Avoid at all costs	I wanted to go to vegas last minute and this was all hotels.com had at a good rate. I booked it and came only to be horrified. There were people all over the parking lot talking loud, having a bbq, shaving,..... just awful. The cops came within 15 min after we arrived and I never had a chance to unpack before I felt soooo unsafe. I took my bags and got the heck outta there. I dont know why its called suites, they are motels. It stinks inside thre room and its very disturbing as soon as you check in. I didnt even bother to cancel it, I just gave the keys back and left. Oh yeah, and the blinds are so cheap, anyone walking by can see what you are doing......	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent value though car essential	After enquiring at South Point, our 'apartment' at Emerald Suites (just down the road) represented incredible value with a separate bedroom and fully equiped kitchen for many dollars less a night. Yes, the location is somewhat distant from The Strip, but as nearly every casino has free parking, the location only becomes an issue if you want to indulge in a raging night life (and then there are taxis). Looking for the luxury finishes - not here; looking for proximity to restaurants - not here; looking for nightlife - not here. However, if looking for accommodation that is super clean, has daily service and represents excellent value for money, then consider Emerald Suites. We spent three nights there and had no reason to regret the decision.	
Sep 29 2009 	NICE QUIET AND ROOMY AHHHH!	The Stay was great , Quiet, and relaxing. The only problem was no elevators for my mother, she has arthiritis on her knees and had a very hard time climbing tree flights of stairs,. Next time we will ask for a first floor.	
Sep 24 2009 	Comfortable affordable CLEAN SAFE	Clean fully loaded rooms. Great laundry room and gym is half decent. Pool in very nice. Hot tub could use some work. Staff is friendly and helpful. Choose the right building and ask for a quiet spot if it is important to you. Some of the rules around the pool and grounds are not enforced too diligently unfortunately. People smoke on floors they ar not suppose to and around the pool. Overall, my stay was very satisfactory. I would definitely return and reccomend to others.	
Sep 5 2009 	Good option for families	We stayed there three times. It's not spectacular but ok. Good time to relax for a few days or between trips to national parks. One time we were given a room that was not properly cleaned and smelled. We reported it and were upgraded instantly, so no complaints there. Only drawback is the breakfast which is almost non-existent. Pool area and fitness room, on the other hand, are pretty nice. What really sets this hotel apart is that you can have 2 bedroom suites for a really low rate, which is a very good option if you're traveling with older children.	
Aug 26 2009 	Inexpensive alternative to the las Vegas Srip	I stay at the Emerald Suites several times every year. I attend vintage Mustang events in and around Vegas. The Suites are less than 1/2 the price of staying at a casino. Its located at the south end of the strip so i avoid all the strip related traffic. The rooms have a full kitchen so I save money on my extended stays by eating in. I have stayed here 4 times already this year.	
Jul 14 2009 	the best family trip ever	Our family stayed at the Emerald Suites on Las Vegas Blvd last month for a two week stay.We chose this hotel because it had kitchens and it wasn’t right in the middle of the craziness on the strip.We were able to go to the store and grocery shop just like we were at home! We saved a bundle cooking our own meals!We had a two bedroom suite, so our son had his own bedroom and we had the privacy of our own bedroom-both bedrooms had king sized beds!Our room-actually suite-was pretty large and we even had a TV in our bedroom.Our son enjoyed swimming in the pool everyday and my husband was able to do his regular exercise routine in the fitness center at the hotel.I didn’t have to find a laundry mat-the hotel has two!This hotel is one of the best family hotels we have stayed at in Vegas! It is clean and quite and the price we paid was great!	
Jul 13 2009 	You get what you pay for.	This is definitely a get what you pay for hotel. It was not what we had expected based on the pictures posted. The rooms are ALOT smaller than what they show. I do not recommend the pool, it's FREEZING! The rooms come with certain kitchen utensils/appliances and if you don't check to make sure it's all there the hotel will charge you for what is missing. Also, we had asked for a crib for our daughter to stay in and they brought us a pack in play. Thankfully we had brought our own. They did have a great staff. They brought us whatever we needed when we asked and housekeeping did a wonderful job!	
Jun 30 2009 	Very Impressed	I am a single mother traveling with 3 small children . Attending a wedding and never being to Vegas , I was apprehensive. This hotel was the best decision!!!! they have free shuttle service to and from the airport and also to the Mandalay Bay which is just a straight shot from the hotel . The room was like a mini apartment. It had a full size kitchen (pots and pans upon request) so we didnt have to eat out all the time. The staff were great from the shuttle driver who picked us up to the desk clerk to the gentleman she had help with luggage. I am coming back this summer with some friends to check out the nightlife and I already have reservations at Emerald Suites.	
Jun 29 2009 	CLEAN QUIET CONVENIANT	We truly love this hotel. It is very clean. The rooms are suites so you have a whole kitchen to work with. Right across the street from the Orleans Casino, which made it a lot easier for us. The hotel is located about 1 1/2 miles away from all the action on the strip. we liked this because you are not to close but not too far either. The staff was very pleasent, and helpful. We will be back soon.	
Jun 25 2009 	Excellent Choice We Made	We went to Las Vegas for a weekend during the Labor Day Weekend 2009. Prior to selecting this hotel, I went through an extensive list of hotels. Other hotels were too expensive for my budget and the reviews on most were horrible!Emerald Suites did not disappoint. The staff was extremely pleasant and eager to assist. The room was extremely nice (i.e. clean, spacious, kitchen area, i.e.). We truly look forward to staying there again in the future. Thank you.	
May 12 2009 	Great Value when in Vegas on a Budget	The hotel is maybe 10 minutes from the main part of the strip if you drive straight down Las Vegas Blvd. It was nice and inexpensive. The rooms were clean and the shower was nice. If you are going to Vegas for fun, and simply need a place to lay your head or somewhere away from the limelight to rest, this is the place. The only negatives are that there were no elevators (we stayed on the 3rd floor) and no wireless.	
May 9 2009 	It's a cool place to stay...	I will deffinately return to this hotel. The location was cool for me because it's away from the traffic of the strip, yet right down the street from the strip. It made me feel like I was at home, the set up is like an apartment, full kitchen and all.	
May 7 2009 	Good Stay	Close to Strip, Minimarts etc. Suite Kitchen, free internet, online services menu, flatscreen TV plus one in bedroom, Clean rooms and helpful staff. I visit my Dad retired in LV, coming from DC; both my wife and I and other relatives have had good experiences staying here. No slots to wade through. Have seen the bad reviews but don't guess we've been lucky so far with this place.	
Apr 19 2009 	Don't stay here!!!!!!	WELL,  It was the worst stay i have ever had at any hotel. First we were booked for a two room sutie and when we arrvied was told that their was none. so, then they put us in a handicap room , Then to top the stay off we had bought a feather down to sleep on the nasty beds and guess what, when we returned it was gone... plz this is real..dont stay here....................................	
Apr 8 2009 	It was nice until we went to bed. ):	The grounds were clean and well maintained. The staff was friendly and helpful and offered tips upon check in. They say free internet is included- which it IS but it's dial up, not wireless. The room was a great value for the money- it was basically an apartment with a full kitchen, 550 square feet with a livingroom and bedroom each with their own TV- wonderful if you have kids! They also are pet friendly. No elevator so if you have trouble with stairs, stay on the bottom floor. The hotel was a few miles from the strip but a 5 minute drive had you at Mandalay Bay and there was a CVS and mini mall with Starbucks ect about a 2 minute drive away. I was very satisfied with the place.... until I went to bed. The matress was probably about 20 years old. It was so sunken in in the middle that it was visibly sloped and was like sleeping in a hamock. My husband and I slept rolled into each other. The worst part though was the springs. The bed was so worn out that the matress pad covering the springs was basically gone. It was like sleeping on a matress spring with a sheet over it. I had to lay my sweater down on the bed to keep the springs from digging into my skin. You could actually see the springs to the naked eye. And the worst part was that there were 2 beds in the room and they were both equally bad. It was late and we have 3 little kids so we didn't ask to switch rooms- it was just a one night stay so we decided just to get through it. Very nice hotel but I would never stay there again for fear of getting a similar room. It's a shame too because besides the beds, this is the kind of place that you decide to stay at everytime you go. There is no way that the management staff was unaware of the condition of the beds. Their deterioration was very advanced. The beds were a sharp contrast to the rest of the hotel. Really disappointing.	
Mar 23 2009 	Best value for your dollar	Friendly staff very helpful on every level of service. Our 6 week stay was the best value and we plan on staying again next year.	
Mar 17 2009 	Very nice! Definitely a great place to stay!	Wasn't sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised how nice it is! The staff was very nice, the rooms were spacious and clean, the grounds were well maintained and clean. The pool, gym and laundry area were great! The location was awesome, just south of the strip and (I don't know why anyone would complain about the area) it is in a quiet area on S. Las Vegas Blvd, just moments away from everything! I would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 16 2009 	Great place to stay for a reasonable price	The hotel room was awesome as well as the staff. The price was very reasonable. The rooms were very clean and were cleaned everyday with good care. I would recommend for anyone to stay there. Thank you for the great stay. I will be staying there again.	
Mar 6 2009 	What more could you want for the price?	I stay at Emerald Suites on South Las Vegas Blvd about once a week. My business has an office nearby. It's clean, comfortable and consistent. You get free phone calls, free internet and a full kitchen in every unit! They have kings, doubles, one-bedroom and two-bedroom units, all for very reasonable prices. The nicest thing is that this hotel is on the strip, but south of the hotels, away from the traffic and the bustle of the city. It's a quiet place to stay. I won't say that they don't have goof-ups like any other hotel. But the staff is extremely responsive - I've stayed here a hundred times and if I ever had a problem, they were very quick to respond. They have a good corporate program here too, and many large companies use them. Try it!	
Feb 16 2009 	More than just a bargain or your dollar	I was looking for a good nights rest after lots of airport delay's etc.and found Emerald suites to be everything I had hoped for and some. I wanted a clean comfortable room and Emerald Suites provided a little extra, next time I hope to stay longer Emerald Suites South Las Vegas.	
Jan 30 2009	2 star hotel	We stayed here for an event with my daughter. The sales director and the check in people were very good to work with. The weekend staff not so much though.it is across the street from the Orleans Casino so food was convenient. I was concerned about the location and the security.The units appeared to be converted apartments and had an odd access to them. There were no elevators, so beware if you are handicapped.We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite and the couch was pretty old and beat up, our bed worked fine, but others in our party were not so lucky. Our refrigerator worked as did our stove, but there was not cookware. The place could use some remodel work, but it was comfortable and the price was fine.For our purposes it was an adequate place to stay. If I was in the room a lot, would probably not want to be there. But its Vegas and you are not there a lot anyways, so for an inexpensive place its not bad. Right now the casinos are offerering some amazing deals and would probably go that route.	
Jan 28 2009 	Jail is more comforting!	UNBELIEVABLE!! Good place to score drugs and hookers if that's your thing. If not, you would be better off turning youself over to Las Vegas Metro PD and asking them to furnish you with a cell for the night! You would be safer and certainly more comfortable. The staff was pleasant enough and the lobby looked inviting and that's about the most positive thing I can say about this property. First, take note of the fact people actually LIVE at this property. We're not talking about folks who are temporarily staying while their home is being readied. No, we're talking cat litter boxes out in front of rooms, whole families returning from the grocery store, etc. The toilet in our room didn't flush. The blinds were broken, taped, and missing ensuring my wife wouldn't sleep during the night. People will regularly walk by your room choking, joking, and yelling to one another ALL hours of the day and night. The shower backed up into the sink which wouldn't drain. The room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in quite some time. The bed was nearly as comfortable as the curb stone I found myself asleep upon during a rather forgetable night in college. We booked for a week and left within 24 hours pointing out the problems to the management only to find they charged my credit card 1/3 of what my whole stay would have cost (this is after a partial refund). They have an exhorbitant pet &quot;fee&quot; which is a joke considering most pets are cleaner than any of Emerald Suites' guests I saw and I can't fathom what possible damage a dog/cat could do to one of these rooms that hasn't already been done. You won't have to look long nor hard to find something better for your money. I lived in Las Vegas for 16 years up until this last trip to retrieve things from storage and I can honestly say this is THE worst motel/no-tell I've ever seen in Vegas and that includes Budget Suites and Downtown weekly rentals! Motel 6 next to the Tropicana Hotel (Tropicana &amp; Harmon I believe) is a better value and better location. Travelers beware.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great staff service	We stayed onthe night of January 10, 2009 with Reservation ID: 92032663 The check in was done with great attention by a fine staff. The facilities pretty good and the suite is ample with very good furnishing, including a full kitchen and free internet. The only thing is that they need to upgrade their towels, they were small and old and this does take from the hotel overall rating. The staff is excellent and helpful and corteous, that is their main asset.	
Jan 1 2009 	hidden jem	A great hotel, close to the strip with great front desk staff. Free internet , great TV channel selection and a kitchen to help save some money by etaing in. The room was clean and spacious. Loved it, My person favorite when I'm on the Strip!	
Dec 22 2008 	"Great accommodations wonderful stay great value"	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Emerald Suites for four days and three nights. When we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted pleasantly by the staff at the front desk. We arrived to the hotel earlier than our scheduled check-in time; however the staff at the front desk checked the computer for an available room and checked us in right away. When we arrived to our room, we were very surprised at the quality of the rooms since the price was such a steal. The rooms were an A+; very clean, spacious and had many amenities. We really enjoyed our stay at Emerald Suites and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 25 2008 	Enjoyed stay at Emerald Suites	My partner and I stayed at the Emerald Suites 2 weeks ago and really enjoyed our stay. The suites are well equipped and spacious and very very clean. Only negative side would be the blinds didn't seem to work but otherwise we would have no hesitation in staying there again.	
Nov 9 2008 	Terrible!!!	I found myself at this hotel after being bumped by US Airways and they put me up for a &quot;free&quot; night at this &quot;timeshare&quot;. This place reminds me of my college apartment, it even has the same furniture. These couches are uncomfortable, the bed has no support and although it is clean, it is a one start motel at best.	
Nov 6 2008 	Not a Bad Place	A group of us was booked at Emerald Suites for a couple of weeks on a business trip. Most of us stayed in the 2 bedroom suites. I must say, when we first heard where they were putting us, I was a little aprehensive about what the place would be like but I was suprised when we got there.First, the rooms were very clean and pretty up to date. Some suites had flat panel TV's with computer access in the living room while others did not. I understand they are slowly upgrading all the suites this way. Only one bedroom had a TV in it. Every suite had a full Kitchen with stove, microwave, refridgerator, toaster and dishwasher. When you used dishes and left them in the sink, most of the time housekeeping would load the dishwasher and run it. The bedrooms were neat with king sized beds and the rooms had walk-in closets. My only complaints about the bedrooms would be to have more drawer space and to have an air conditioner in both rooms. One of the bedrooms had an air conditioner while the other had a fan in the wall that moved the air from the living room into the bedroom. The fan was noisy and when you closed the bedroom door, it didn't help much. Housekeeping was in every day. If we had a proble, we let the front desk know and they were promply there to correct the problem.Our group did have a problem with some noisy guests (some of us were on second shift) and when we complained to management, they asked them to leave. I think the only real problem with this place is the location. Next door is a gas station and a country night club and across the street there is a liquer store. If you want to go out to eat you either have to get in a car to drive somewhere, walk a half mile to the South Point casino or order out. Nothing is close to the place. Whould I stay here on a personal trip, probably not. But as a group out there for business for a couple of weeks, it is not a bad place.	
Oct 15 2008 	Shabby Not Chic	My two friends and I have just returned from a conference in Las Vegas and have to say that we were all VERY disappointed in the quality of the Emerald Suites on Las Vegas Blvd. While the room was quite spacious, with two bedrooms and a living area, it is shabby beyond belief. The phone didn't work, the TV didn't work, one bed had a very visible horizontal slant to the left, which nearly rolled you out of bed after awhile. The bathroom cabinet door was at least 3 inches too narrow and you could view most of the contents inside without even opening it. There was no air conditioner in one bedroom, only a fan in the wall with major gaps all around it like someone cut out the hole with a kitchen knife.To make matters worse, we left at 8 a.m. and returned, exhausted, at 10 p.m. to a dirty room that had no maid service. The beds were unmade, we had no fresh towels and the phone didn't work so we had to make the trek to the office and deal with everything ourselves. We were told that the maids didn't clean the room because we were still there and the door was locked. That was completely untrue, as the maids started at 9 a.m. and we were long gone.Maybe this used to be a nice place when it first opened but it needs major repairs and TLC. While the front desk staff were friendly, it is no substitute for a hovel of a room. Save yourself the trouble and look elsewhere. We certainly won't stay there again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Suite time	What a suite time. I was completely impressed with my stay atEmerald Suites. Close enough to the casinos to play, and yet the property and room were quiet and relaxing.The room was in 'like new' condition with a full kitchen and completely separate bedroom (unlike some 'suites'), and the bed was so comfortable I must have slept half the time. Great for business travelers too, as I am. The staff was attentive and helpful, the grounds were clean and groomed, and even the fitness room was in good shape.I recommend Emerald Suites, and I will stay again. I just booked another 4 nights!!Happy traveling,J.McLeod	
Sep 30 2008 	Nice!	I have been at the Vagabond Inn (trahsy) and Circus Circus, but I like this one much better!It's nice and clean, the bathrooms are small, but it comes with a full kitchen and it's very cheap!!The swimming pool isn't as big as it looks like!The tv got many chanels, but I don't think it had HBO.	
Sep 26 2008 	True Gem	My family and I stayed at Emerald Suites and loved it! The pool was great for the kids and the staff was very helpful.The kitchens were wonderful and the rooms are large and clean. We will be returning to las vegas and when we do this is where we will stay.	
Sep 21 2008 	Loved my stay at the Emerald Suites	Loved my stay at this hotel. I would recommend this hotel to anyone making a trip to Las Vegas. It was very clean and the staff was very friendly.	
Sep 18 2008	Awesome Stay	I am from San Diego and do a lot of business out in Las Vegas. I always stay at Emerald Suites. The rooms are clean and spacious, the staff was very friendly, and the location was amazing. Would definitely recommend this for any business traveler.	
Sep 18 2008 	good for its price	a good place for a good price my friends and i stay at this hotel for a weekend, it was a two bed suit rooms were big, it had a kitchen in case you like cooking, not fully equip but had the necesary this place is quiet and away from the strip. it's good for its price the only thing that we did not like about was that didn't have enough towells and they don't replace them that often i had to request them as well as pillows. but the staff was very polite and nice they supplied my request really fast so if you planning to come here for just remember to bring a pillow and extra towell if don'd wanna be requesting them a good place to stay if you are on a budget |	
Sep 17 2008 	Love my stayed at Emerald...its like home!!!	Stayed in Emerald Suites for 3days 2nights in a two bed and it was awesome!.....it has its own terrace, kitchen (w/ a large frigde n stove...which not many hotels offer that) ....I felt like if I was at home!! lol....the rooms are nice and has lots of room too...I would definitely stay over again....and the price was worth every dollar...=] ...and the staff was very friendly!!!Thanks!Love, Grace	
Sep 17 2008 	great grounds 	Grounds &amp; pool were great. The rooms were ok, didn't have curtains that worked very well. Need blackout curtains.Only 1 drawer in dressers opened.	
Sep 4 2008 	Extended Stay accomodations	There are several Emerald Suites in Vegas, this one is located at 9145 South Las Vegas Blvd, about three miles south of I-215.I just got back from a business trip to Vegas and dealing with the management staff at the Emerald Suites was an absolute pleasure. I spent approximately three weeks at this hotel where my folks occupied over sixty-five rooms. The extended stay accomodations where well maintained, security was excellent and the grounds/facilities received attention, daily.The hotel itselt is located in the surburbs, which is convienent to the downtown area yet located close to a Pharamacy, Grocery Store or even a Target. The hotel is located minutes from I-15, a major casino (South Point), chain resturants and just about anything else you would need during a business trip or vacation.Again, I can't say enough about the staff at the hotel. All hotels have problems that arise during your stay, the good one make it a point to ensure that the problems are minimal and taken care of immediately. Emerald Suites did both...I too read the reviews on this hotel prior to my departure. They have done some remodeling since most of them were written and the reviews listed just don't do them justice. Try it, I believe you will be pleased with your stay...	
Aug 13 2008	Great Find	A few friends and I decided to do a spur of the moment Las Vegas trip for the 4th of July and stopped at one of the first places we saw. The prices were great for broke college students and for the price the rooms were big and very clean. The shuttle that took us to the the strip and picked us up was great. If you looking for somewhere to stay for great prices I suggest staying here.	
Aug 11 2008 	Loved the Emerald Suites	I have stayed at both this Emerald Suites and the Emerald Suites Cameron on a few different occasions. Every experience I have had at both locations has been great. Their locations are great because they are very close to the strip but you don't have to pay the price of the big hotels. The rooms were clean and the staff was incredibly helpful and considerate. If you ever make a trip to Vegas and don't want to spend the money of a major hotel on the strip I highly recommend staying here you won't be disappointed.	
Aug 3 2008 	Best for groups or families	I'm from Southern California and have spent much of the last 25 years coming to Vegas, so I am quite familiar with all the hotels and such. For this trip we needed a bit more space than usual, I needed a place that could accommodate my family of five plus one (my 13 yr old daughter begged to bring her friend along). So looked online and found this place offering a two bedroom suite at $89 per night and that sounded sweet to me.There isn't much to say, this place is your average extended stay facility. The place was as advertised, no frills. What I got was a small two bedroom apartment, the rooms were decent however the living area was smaller that I expected but acceptable nonetheless. If you are planning to cook as we did you may need to bring or buy a few things as they only supply the bare, bare minimum for kitchen needs. I was surprised by the closet space, one walk-in in each room that seemed bigger than a hotel room I had in New York last year. Pool wasn't awesome but again acceptable. And one fact that I just loved was that it was quiet. It's located way down Las Vegas Blvd just a few blocks away from South Point and it's a 5-10 minute drive from the Mandalay Bay. There we only a couple things that bothered us, first: Housekeeping. This had nothing to do with the cleanliness of the room but rather that old Vegas issue...towels! As stated above we had six people in our room and only two sets of towels and getting more wasn't a speedy process. I have done a fair amount of traveling so I will say in their defense that they were par for the course when compared to similar hotels I've been in but it's still a pain in the butt. Second was another guest had his vehicle broken into. The place and the neighborhood feel very safe and there isn't much traffic at night, plus being from Los Angeles I have seen this sort of thing happen more times than I can remember. Just don't store valuables in the car.All in all it's a split decision for me, if you are single and ready to mingle then this is NOT the place for you, stay on the strip where you are sure to have some big fun. But if you are well into your 30's married with children that you have happened to bring to Vegas and are staying a few nights then I think this place it right up your alley.	
Jul 28 2008 	Everything I Expected	The staff was super friendly and it was a very quiet place to stay considering how big it is. There was plenty of room for me &amp; my fiance. Had a full kitchenette, refigerator, plenty of closet space, and very comfy bed. The only downside was that there weren't enough hangers in the closet, the disposal had a weird smell (only when you let water go down that side) and the t.v. in the room didn't have the cable cord (we were hardly in the room...too busy @ the casinos).	
Jul 22 2008 	Awesome Deal	Stood at the Emerald Suite for the first time, usually stay in the casinos but wanted to try something away from the crowds but close enough to the fun and I found the suites to be big for the price, its brand new, the front desk people were very accomodating and the location was awesome. I am definately staying there from now on.	
Jul 9 2008 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel is so convenient and accommodating. There is a full kitchen in each room which make a hotel stay wonderful. The staff was very friendly and the room service attendants were very efficient. I will definately stay at Emerald Suites again the next time I am in Las Vegas!	
Jul 9 2008 	Best Las vegas Trip!!!	I booked my reservation Via the toll free number and spoke with a very friendly Woman. When i checked into the Hotel The front desk was very nice and very helpful. All the staff the i came across were very pleasant.The property itself is has a very relaxing atmosphere. When i walked into my room i was so excited to see it had a full kitchen with all the necessities. We saved quit a bit of money not having to go out to dinner all the time. It was very comfortable in the room. My family loved the grounds and enjoyed our time in the pool. Long story short i will comeback and stay here every time!!!As far as location it is not right in the middle of everything but it is just a quick drive to the main attractions. There is also a nice casino just down the street with very good resturants. There is even a mall just down the street. I loved it here!!!	
Jul 9 2008 	****A DIAMOND IN THE DESERT!!!!!!!*****	They have so much to offer and all for a price you can't beat.As an extended stay guest I took the money I saved stayinghere as opposed to the high priced hotels on the strip andbought myself a couple nice dinners and hit the casinosthat are close by. (Southpoint and Silverton Casino).The rooms are spacious and I love having a seperate bedroomfrom the kitchen &amp; living room to have guests in. Also I love having a TV in the bedroom and living room. The staff wasawesome and very helpful, when I asked for towels etc. theywere at my doorstep in 5 minutes. The room I stayed in was immaculate and very homey. I also took advantage ofthe beautiful pool with a cascading water fall and their workoutroom. There is no restaurant on the property but there are tworestaurants within walking distance so that is not a problem.My recommendation save your money for the other thingsto enjoy and stay here you'll be glad you did!	
May 22 2008	Quiet and big rooms	We stayed 3 nights at the Emerald Suites. We had chosen this motel because is had rooms far away from the highway which meant that they might be quiet. And it is true, as long as you have a room in the blocks at the back. The &quot;suite&quot; is a large bedroom with bathroom and a living room with a small kitchen. It is nothing fancy but we got a great price as Drop-ins and it was clean. It is a 10 Minute drive to the Casinos on the Strip. On the way you pass a huge Outlet mall where you can spend hours and lots of dollars. You have to pay for the Wifi in the room but it is free in the Lobby. The staff at the reception was very friendly and efficient. As soon as you miss anything in your room someone comes around right away. We don´t know about break-fast as we did it ourselves in the room, but there was the usual coffee available. For someone who doesn´t need to stay in a Casino this is a great alternative. We would go there again.	
May 21 2008	GREAT PRICES	I stayed at Emerald/Cameron in March 08........Great value. Across for the Orleans Hotel and Casino. All Suites with Kitchens. Great for traveling with kids. Very Clean and Pool was great.Had to return for a conference at Southpointe last week. Stayed at Emerald/Las Vegas BLVD. Nice Experience. Shuttle picked me up at Airport and took me and picked me up at Southpointe. Great properties for the budget concious traveler	
Apr 14 2008 	last minute travel	Room was nice. check in easy. however kitchen not a full kitchen. no dish towels, no hot pads. no large frying pans. no liquid dish soap. no paper towels. now tell me if this is a complete kitchen. If you are not ready for maid service they will not come back. so need to get your towels from them when they are there. Would not stay here again. would not recommend to anyone. Spoke to manager when i returned home. said they do not supply paper towels or dish soap. explain i can stay at a 1 star hotel with a kitchen and get the soap and paper towels. told her would not ever stay there again. she said will discuss with owners. Mind you this is a extended stay hotel. however you need to buy your own cleaning stuff. Also as a private owner of a spa in my home. I always check the chlorine level of any commerical pool and spa. Found that the spa did not have chlorine in it. the pool was fine. we told the front desk. said there was nothing they could do. This is a health hazard with no chlroine in spa. would not use the spa. was very disappointed.	
Nov 21 2007 	Absolute B.S.!	Looking for a quick stay in Las Vegas due to a summer cash shortage, we finally settled on Emerald Suites. Upon reaching the check-in counter, I knew I was in for trouble. The incompetent lady at the front didn't say a word to us and handed us our keys. Upon opening the door, I was disappointed. Dirty green carpet clashed with filthy beige walls. The scent of cigarette butts mingled with horrible motel-quality A/C. There were large blood stains near and in the bedroom entrance and a cruddy, non-working refrigerator. I was annoyed by the junky old television set, so we had to drive to my grandmother's house in Henderson to borrow one of their televisions. Acquiring the TV, we came back, and were still angry because of the shoddy, roach-motel quality and the missing blinds-- not to mention the bums and hoods who stomped on the stairs, ruining our sleep. Speaking of the beds,the quality of ours was one grade up from a prison cot, with rough sheets... and bedbugs were abundant.I believe we stayed here for two days... on the final day, I was thankful to check out and get back to my beloved Strip. We visited our favorite landmarks, shrugging off the filth Emerald Suites had left on us. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 30 2007 	You can do much better	Accomodation here is not exactly cheap so you might be disappointed by the standard provided. Whilst you do get plenty of space, the room we had was below par. The furnishing were very old, outdated, stained and worn out. The staff were not very helpful and, all in all, it wasn't a very pleasant experience.Dollar for dollar you can get do much better and in far more central locations. My advice - avoid it unless you are desperate.	
Oct 15 2007 	Vile place to be	Save your self the hassle and stay in one of the major and reputable hotels in town. If you want a &quot;bargain&quot; you have better options. The staff is rude and incompetent. The property is just gross. The rooms although they are big, that's it. The website is a joke. I can assure you, you will not get what you paid for here. There are plenty of better hotels near this MOTEL that are near the same price. In fact, the word MOTEL doesn't even describe this monstrosity. I suspect the staff has written the &quot;good&quot; reviews as I can't imagine that anyone would ever enjoy their stay here unless they have stayed in worse places on a regular basis. One last thing, be sure to bring bug spray. YOU'LL NEED IT!	
Aug 25 2007 	crap service	stayed there for 2 weeks.. paid $350 a week and got my room serviced for towels and made my bed 3 times.. what a jokealso on the second week {tuesday} my tub started to drain really slow and by thursday it wouldnt drain at all so i called and asked for it to be fixed 3 times and they got it done on friday..i could not shower at all on thursday and then they had the balls to tell me i never called 3 times to have it fixed.. i spoke to the manager a women what a [--].. and to top it off they have these goofy mexicans knocking on doors and asking if your checking out an hour before checkout.... beware of creepy people slipping coupons in your door all night	
Jun 22 2007 	Reasonable price for the weekend	We flew out of L.A. for a family wedding and decided not to shell out $400 a night to stay on the strip. This place was a great alternative. It was about 5 minutes from the strip. The suite was very comfortable. I had a great nights' sleep on their bed. The room came equipped with a plasma tv and was more than we expected. I would definitely go back. We stood there two nights and paid less than what one night on the strip would have cost. My only suggestion to the staff is to update the check out time on the back of the front door. The room says check out time is 12 pm but check out time is really 11 am and they make sure to correct you when you check out.	
Jun 15 2007 	Nice for family vacation	We had a 2-bd suite - each bedroom with a king size bed. The mattresses were very comfortable. I have a bad back, and did not wake up stiff and sore in the morning. The suite was very clean and had a full kitchen, fully stocked with dishes, pots/ pans, coffee maker, coffee, sugar and creamer. Towel sets were plentiful - the bathroom and each bedroom were stocked with towels, soaps, lotions, and shampoos. The pool and fitness center were very clean, and not crowded. The hotel staff were pleasant and helpful, and late maid service was offered with a smile. The hotel is at the South end of the strip - very close to interstates 15 and 215 access, yet far enough from the strip that the traffic is light. We were very pleased with our stay and recommend this hotel. It's not luxury, but a great over-all value if that's what you are looking for.	
May 12 2007	This place needs a good remodel	My sister and I reserved a 2 bedroom suite. The furniture was in very bad shape. It looked as if someone had taken an axe to the top of the dresser. There were holes in the doors and the bedspread looked as if it were the original from 20 years ago. Very shabby! The bathroom area was also in need of repair. We went to the front desk and they offered us another room, which was just as bad! We were given a credit, but we had to find another place to stay.	
Apr 11 2007 	I am supposed to fix your toilet for 200/night?	We stayed at this hotel over New Year's eve. It was a last minute trip, and the only place available for less than 500/night. It was 200 for a suite that we shared between 4 people. I understand that it's NY eve in Vegas, all places are booked, so they charge an arm and a leg. Price is not an issue. What is an issue is that 30 minutes after we checked in (2pm) the toilet overflowed. I did emergency handling of the situation by shutting off the water to the toilet and called the front desk to send some one over to clean up the mess, etc. The front desk guy told me to come down to the lobby, get a plunger and some towels. To add insult to injury, I was supposed to bring the plunger back immediately when i was done. I asked them if he was serious, to which he said the same thing again. So here I am, paying 200/night and having to fix the toilet myself. The only consolation I had was leaving a pile of wet paper towels as evenly spread around the carpet as I could get them. Never staying in this hell hole again.	
Apr 7 2007 	okay place for the price	Traveled with some buddies who made the reservation for thier last minute vegas marriage. If you look up the directions for the hotel and put in a more popular hotel on the strip you will find that the hotel is about 6 miles away. For the price and last minute arrangements it was okay. The hotel was clean, the people at the counter were courteous and there was ample space for us to lounge. As the lucky couple got ready, the remaining group walked over to a bar, think it was called jack's or something and had some ice cold beers. The atmosphere was relaxing.	
Mar 30 2007	Disappointing	My wife and I have travelled extensively and were extremely disappointed with what we discovered on our arrival. The first thing was that the hotel was not on the strip. The information contained on the website - both the site I booked the accomodation and the hotel site indicate that hotel is on the strip. I quote in the section titled &quot;What to Expect&quot; it states the hotel is on the strip. I did notice in another section that it says south of the strip. Howeverwhen the taxi from the airport turned away from the strip we knew we were not going to be near the strip.After booking in and going to our room - a non smoking room we found that the room smelt of smoke. This seems to be a common complaint with this hotel.We went on to discover that there is no kettle to boil water for those who drink tea, no wine glasses for those who like to drink wine and and no ice cube tray in the freezer for those who prefer ice with their drinks.We have never arrived in a hotel that does not provide any written information about the hotel, it's services, nearby services etc. I was amazed as this was our first visit to America and we were a little lacking in local information.When my wife decided to do some washing in the laundry we found that there was no vending machine for laundry powder when she asked in reception she was told that there was laundry powder in the laundry She tried the shop next to the hotel and they did not have any. She eventually bought some from another guest.On our first night in town we decided to go into the strip. The management told us that buses pas the hotel every 15 minutes, the first bus came about 45 minutes later and instead of taking us to the strip dropped us at the bus terminal and told us to catch another bus to the strip.The next night we decided to catch a taxi to the strip. The hotel rang a taxi for us and due to the fact that we were south of the strip we were told it would be about 35 minutes.The next day we were going on a tour departing at 7am from the strip and when we asked the hotel to book a taxi for the next morning and were told taxi's do not take bookings. This concerned us due to our experience getting to the strip earlier that night and the fact that we had to be at the airport the following day at 6am. Interestingly the website says that they have a shuttle service to the airport. Another non existent service from the hotel.Considering that service is the key to a successful business the Emerald Suites have a lot to learn about providing information and services to their customers.The only positive that I can give this hotel is that the rooms do come up t0 expectations - except for the non smoking policy.All we can say is that they need to lift their game and provide service and accurate information for their guests.Dissappointed Aussies	
Mar 21 2007 	did not like it	suites?? they had a kitchen but we had 3 rooms and each room had like 1 fork, 2 knives, no plates, no pots, one glass, etc, there is a fridge, toaster mine never worked I told the reception and they never change it, the bedrooms are small and the beds are not comfortable the sheets didn`t look like clean also it doesn`t look like a safe place to stay, there is no elevator and the stairs are narrow so don`t carry much luggage for us it was imposible we were 3 families. The big long big train wakes you up anytime during the night the railways are just next to it and room service is not goodI do not recomend this hotel	
Oct 25 2006 	A Good Value If Not Perfect	I was in Vegas celebrating my younger brother's 21st birthday with a bunch of my cousins. For a 2 bedroom suite w/ four full sized beds and a love seat in the separate living room, we comfortably accomodated 5 people and on one evening 7! We were in Vegas to party and needed a clean place to get some sleep and take a shower. The hotel shows slight wear and tear, but the value was very good at 130 per night (Fri and Sat). There are spacious walk in closets in each bedroom that we used as changing rooms as there was only one bathroom. I booked the basic quad (2 room 4 beds) but there is a more sophisticated upgraded room available w/ better tvs and such. The pool was lovely, but the chairs need replacing.The place could use some updating and a little more attention to detail in the kitchen wouldn't hurt (the paring knife was dirty). However, all the glasses were clean as was the fridge and that was all we needed (for our liquor and lots of bottled water):) On the whole, the suite was fairly large and clean. There is an updated self serve and large laundry room. Too bad there are no elevators. It reminded me of some college dorm suites/apartments.Important: It is not close to the main Strip. You will need to take a cab, bus, something. We rented a mini-van and split the cost and had a party bus of sorts. It is not a place for a romantic getaway but I would reccomend it if you are traveling in a group and are budget minded. The reservation staff was excellent but a few members of the front desk were not up to par. At 7:30am I called for and got a late check out for 1pm. Check out was generally at 11. I felt harassed by someone on the phone who unprofessionallyasked without introduction &quot;are you checking out?&quot; She used a terse, ghettoish tone that peeved me especially since I had already called.It serves it's purpose as a place to crash with your buddies after a long night on the town.	
Dec 19 2005 	totally fine	my company booked us at Emerald Suites on S. Las vegas blvd while on a temp. job assignment for 3 months. I cannot believe the negative reviews and you shouldn't either!! The place was very clean, modern and very well kept. These are &quot;extended stay suites&quot; so yes, some people are there for more than a night or two. I work in the hotel/casino industry and work at a &quot;5 star resort&quot; and I can tell you you wouldn't be rubbing elbows with the &quot;rich and famous&quot;.. (or quiet, respectful-of-their-surroundings) types there either! Clientele at emerald suites typical of what yu will find anywhere in LV. I loved the location.. on the strip but still out of the middle of major traffic and easy to drive over to stores nearby. The convenience store in front of the bldg. was a great to have..an easy walk.. and a real plus. One tip.. the shuttle from airport was very slow... I would spring for a cab as the airport is very close by. the shuttle Only goes to Mandalay Bay and airport.. not &quot;anywhere in LV.&quot;?? but that is the So. end of the strip and you can walk the strip from there. True.. some of the front desk people aren't Einsteins but I found overall the staff there (esp. maintainence)on the ball and friendly.	
Dec 15 2005	never again	WE spent one night at the start of our vacation. Room smelled of smoke so bad it was hard to fall asleep. We had booked two rooms and asked for non smoking. We were given third floor rooms and had to drag the luggage up the stairs. Another man in the lobby was promissed a handicapped room and was told all that was available was the third floor. The place was budget at best. TV had no cable. When called they said they would bring one, they never did. We were just disappointed all round. Would NEVER stay here again.	
Sep 16 2005 	Not what I had expected AT ALL!!!!	DO NOT BE MISLED BY THE WEBSITE! I was sent to Las Vegas on a business trip for one month and my lovely company and they put me up at the Emerald Suites on Las Vegas Blvd. The place really is ghetto! I found roches in my room and when asked for a new room it was almost a hassle for Rhonda (the front desk clerk or manager). I trapped two of them under a cup for the managers to see and they could care less. The actually asked me if I wanted someone to come and &quot;spray&quot;. I demanded a new room instead. The walls really are paper thin. I heard dogs barking from the adjacent room ALL night long. Yes, they allow pets to stay w/ you. It was also evident to me that some people use this place as their perm. residence. There were often many (unsupervised) children running around the courtyard all day and night. They claim to be the &quot;Jewel of the Suite Life&quot;, that is seriously the funniest thing I have heard in a long time. It was an absolute nightmare. Very trashy! One plus, they had free high speed internet, but it didn't always work.	
Aug 15 2005 	Don't believe the website	We stayed here because we couldn't get a reservation anywhere else. Yes, there apparently were bugs, because they announced that they &quot;were spraying for bugs&quot;. Rooms were very drabby. The furniture was stained and I didn't want to sit on it. No tv in the bedroom. Fortunately, the kitchen and bath area were fairly clean. The pool looks big on the web site, but is actually small. There was also a discrepancy between the price quoted to us on the phone and what they tried to charge us. The shuttle to the strip was a plus if you caught it at the right time.	
Aug 4 2005	Worst motel I've ever stayed at	Quite possibly the worst motel I've ever stayed at.With few exceptions, horrible staff. Manager was utterly apathetic about problems our conference attendees faced.Examples of some of our problems.Shuttle was supposed to pick us up at McCarran Airport. Insisted they had missed us, even though we had been waiting for 20 minutes from the pick-up point. Called agiain, shuttle finally arrived (after an hour of waiting) and we were taken to the wrong hotel. No signs on the shuttle denoting which location they are going to, and the driver actually asked us if we wanted to go back to the airport!Reservations had our check-in dates wrong, even though we had confirmations with the correct date.Facility has no elevators, so if you need handicap access, you better hope for a first floor unit.All rooms, regardless of smoking or non designation, reeked of cigarette smoke. Furniture, linen and general state of rooms was extremely shabby. People are obviously using this place as an extended residence, as there is laundry hanging over the walkway fences. I could clearly see into my room through the one inch gap between the vertical blinds and the window sill.I gouged my thigh on a mattress spring because they're too cheap to have decent bedding or replace the mattresses.The walls are so thin, you can clearly hear the conversations (amoung other noises) in every room around you.The shuttles are supposed to take you anywhere you want to go in Vegas, but in reality, most of the drivers hassle you if you ask to go anywhere other than Mandalay Bay or the airport. They are also supposed to pick you up 24/7, and instead will leave you stranded on the strip.If you expect to have a meeting room where you need a network connectivity, make sure it's hooked up first--we discovered the Cat 5 cabling was acutally hanging in mid-air on the other side of the wall of our room.Don't expect to have rooms you reserved for meetings or appointments available either--the hotel sold ours right out from under us, leaving us looking like idiots in front of our interview candidates.I cannot stress enough how you should definitely not stay at this motel. The staff is unhelpful, uninformed, and apathetic.	
Jun 15 2005	awesome value	i dont understand some of the bad reviews. this hotel is a steal. only a few minute drive from the strip and it was $41 a night on weeknights through expedia. my fave thing about the hotel is the free high speed internet in the room. very clean, you can park right next to your room, full kitchen, great price. also, i got maid service every day. i read a couple reviews where they said they didnt get maid service. i have no complaints about this hotel.	
May 31 2005	Nice place away from the strip	Hubby and I stayed here for 3 nights over Memorial Day weekend. We had a one-bedroom suite on the 3rd floor. After reading reviews, I was a little hesitant, but we found the Emerald Suites to be very nice, clean, and the staff to be accommodating. Our suite was a one-bedroom unit on the 3rd floor. Our only complaint was that there is no elevator. After walking all over the strip, by the time we returned to the hotel at night, it would have been nice to take an elevator to the 3rd floor. We found the suite to be clean and it fit our needs for the weekend. It was nice having a refrigerator to keeps drinks and snacks cold.The pool area is very nice, however, there were a lot of out of control kids there who's parents/guardians were not watching them. A security guard came around, but didn't say anything to the kids or their parents. Apparently a child had an &quot;accident' in the spa and it was closed on Sunday. Security really should handle out of control kids so those of us without kids and those customers who's kids are behaving don't have to deal with it. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at Emerald Suites and would stay there again.	
May 4 2005	Very Cozy!	I stayed at this hotel during the CES convention. I found the lobby to be quite nice and the clerk that was assisting me was very helpful and friendly. The landscaping was nice and it was quiet. I liked the location because it was close to the strip, but it was far enough away that I didn't get caught in all of the traffic. My room was cozy and relaxing. I love the kitchen and the full sized refrigerator! I was actually able to buy food and keep it in there! I was very happy to find that it came with pots and dishes so that I could cook and not have to eat junk food the whole time I was there. It was quiet and peaceful and I would definitely stay there again when I come back next year.Rob, Joppa Maryland	
Jan 12 2005	Wonderful alternative to the strip	We stayed at here from 1/4 to 1/11. The rate was very good concidering we were there in Las Vegas for the CES convention. Almost all the other hotels were booked. So we decided to stay here. I am so glad that we did. It was like having a home away from home. The people here are very friendly &amp; are really conciderate. The nieghborhood was nice also. I felt safe walking around after dark. There is a 24 hour gas station (next door) &amp; a 24 food mart a block away. The room was VERY clean. The bed was comfortable. All the appliances were in great working order &amp; clean. We are definately going to be making a return stay here this coming Oct. 2005. They also had a shuttle bus that would get you to the beginning of the strip. So if you don't rent a car you can still get to the strip without the high prices of a taxi.	
Jan 8 2005 	Cheap and Dirty	Pros- Fairly close to strip, cheap, kitchenette was pretty nice.Cons- Could feel springs pushing up through mattress, sheets didn't go to foot or head of bed, &quot;non-smoking&quot; room smelled like smoke (not surprising, since there were cigarette burns on the furniture, counter tops and carpet), couch was a joke, blood on the vertical blinds (no curtains), squeeky floors, generally dirty.If I could do it over, I'd pay another $20 or more per night to get a cleaner place.	
Oct 4 2004	Roaches here!!	We stayed here only because we had nowhere else to take our dog. But it was a big mistake. We had roaches! We saw at least one each of the 3 days. GROSS!!!This place is too much of an extended stay hotel that people have mistreated and trashed. I could only imagine the disgust that attracted the roaches in the first place.We will never consider staying here again.	
Jun 4 2004	Wonderful time here!	I had booked my stay here before I read these reviews. After reading them, I was ready to cancel. But I decided that I would wait until I actually saw the hotel myself. I'm glad I chose to do that, because the hotel was great. I had booked one bed, but they only had a suite with 2 beds and it wasn't even an issue. There was enough towels for 4 people, and our suite was made up perfectly every day. Oh, by the way before I forget, I booked it through hotelhotline and paid only $35 a night except for Sunday, which was $50(Memorial Day weekend, too!). Since I had prepaid, my check in took 5 minutes, no kidding. The suite had a complete kitchen, including a stove, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, etc. The grounds were immaculate and even though there was a lot of children(I had my son), it was VERY quiet. I didn't use it, but there was a large laundry room with 18 new washers and 18 new dryers that also had soda and snack machines. I didn't go in the pool, but whenever I was coming or going I saw plenty of people in or around it, so it must have been nice. My only complaint was that the remote for the tv only went up and down, which was kind of boring when you would look for something to watch. But then again, I was in Vegas. There was a lot to do other than watch tv.So I don't know what happened with the other people. All I know is that I had a great time. Oh yeah, they have this thing called IDL, which means that they forward their registration list to LV police. So they know who is staying there and if they have warrants or something, they'll get picked up. Very safe.	
Aug 3 2003	Perfect for a family trip.	We were so pleased with this hotel. The price was right, and the space was just perfect for us. Having a kitchen in the room let us save a lot of money. The pool was great. The housekeeping wasn't great, but they would do what you asked... it was just surprising to have to ask for it. If you're staying here, be sure to bring pans and plates because they aren't provided (but are available for an extra $10/day). We really liked being able to actually shut a door between the living area and the bedrooms. This is better than at some &quot;suites&quot; where the bedroom is really just a section of a big open floor plan. All around we were impressed and would definitely stay again.	
Apr 30 2003	Disappointed	We were disappointed in our experience at the Suites. There were some wonderful features about the place but we had some odd things happen for a 3 star hotel. One was when we had to call down to the office to ask for a roll of toilet paper and the response to my quest was I could walk to the office and get one. The Security guard brought it up 30 minutes later. Also, I still can't believe that there was no bed spread on the bed. Usually there are at least 2 hangers in the closet. The housekeeping was a little bit to be desired.There was chocolate on the front of the fridge the whole time. they vaccumed made the bed and changed the 2 towel sets.and we were there for 4 days.In the full kitchen, we had no glasses to drink with we had a micro and fridge(worked great)and electric stove no oven, it was nicely painted and nice furniture the people were pleasant	
Aug 21 2008 	bon rapport qualité/prix		
