Nov 4 2009 	Best Value In Vegas	I travel to Vegas 2 to 3 times per year,and have for over 10 years. This motel 6,on East Tropicana &amp; Koval Lane is the best budget stay in town. The rooms have all been remodeled,they are clean and functional. The swimming pool is large and well maintained. security is excellent and it is only a short 5 minute walk to the strip. SWi Fi is $3 per day and trouble free. room prices are great,especially if you book it on the net. Based on price,location,and quality you can't go wrong here.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great value	We just got back from Las Vegas. This was our second time staying at the Motel 6 on Tropicana. The staff is wonderful. The room had updated furnishings (the flooring is vinyl instead of carpet - a great idea) and the room was very clean. The pool gets plenty of sunshine so it stays warm enought that you can still take a dip in the evening. It's a few blocks from the Strip, across the street from MGM Grand and its a short taxi ride from the airport.	
Oct 9 2009 	Awesome Place	Have just got back from a holiday in the USA and visited Las Vegas when I was there. The motel was within walking distance of the Strip, and the room that I was in looked lke it had been recently renovated and was very nice. 	
Sep 15 2009 	Rat-hole	I&quot;ve stayed at numerous Motel 6 locations in Arizona, New Mexico and California and they have all been immaculately clean. This Motel 6 was so disgusting and so vile that I have vowed to never, ever stay in any Motel 6 locations in Nevada- it has been so traumatising.First of all, my friend and I checked in and it was close to midnight. The staff seemed nice and polite but when we checked into our room, it was a different story. While I looked around the room to make sure everything was nice, I went into the bathroom and found to my horror, pubic hair stuck onto the toilet seat. And yes, there was still urine in the toilet bowl! When I called to complain, the front desk lady said that she couldn't do aynthing but send in housekeeping to clean the room. At 12:00 midnight?? Yeah right, lady. I argued with her some more, letting her know that even if the bathroom was clean, who's to say that the rest of the room was clean too? Finally, she relented and let us change rooms.We had to go back to the front desk, ask for the other keys and finally we checked into our second room. The second room wasn't bad, it smelled like smokes but we chose a smoking section so it was fine with us. The second night though was horrible. We got locked out of our rooms, had to go back to the front desk and was told lies about my cell phone interfering with the key, thus not making it work. What a lie! First of all, my cell phone was no where near the key since I kept the key in my pocket and my cell in my handbag. While the guy was telling us that lie, the horrible lady (the girl that didn't want to change our rooms) was laughing at us but because this was around 5 in the morning, but I was so tired that I just didn't want to argue with her. We finally were able to check in our room and tried to sleep but the skeezy neighbors next to us were drinkin' and chatting and the walls are so thin, you could hear almost every word they were saying.The morning crew was the only good thing about this motel. They were so sweet and kind, especially the guy who got our room checked out. But Motel 6 needs to do something about their people working the graveyard shift. With the money you're spending and for almost the same price, you can get far nicer rooms at Luxor, Monte Carlo or TI.	
Sep 11 2009 	GREAT STAY	For easy access to strip with out the high prices, this is th eplace. Room was clean, basic but that is what you pay for. Easy to find and close to airport. The new rooms are really nice, but nothing wrong with the old ones. We always stay here when passing thru, great value and clean rooms and sheets.	
Jul 25 2009 	perfect motel to stay at	in reading the other reviews before my travels i was hesitant to stay here however, i was impressed. what can you say......great price, exterior corridor's so we did not have to take an elevator 15 floors to get to our room, the newly renovated rooms are great and the non-renovated rooms are great. if you are going to go to vegas and stay in your room the whole time then go to the wynn and pay over 100.00. if you are going to sleep in your room and need a bed and easy acces stay at motel 6. the staff is friendly, the rooms are clean, the pool is great, they have a mini mart 24 hours a day so you don't have to drive somewhere for food or beverages or even gifts to take home to your friends. the prior reviews are obviusly people that stay in their room all the time instead of getting out and having fun in vegas. this is a party town so book here and you will have a great time and it's pet friendly. and also, it's wifi for 24 hours is only 2.99, the other casines are 14.99 and up per day	
Jul 20 2009 	No longer my favorite motel!	This was once my favorite motel. It is conveniently located just off the Strip but in walking distance of attractions.I requested a newly remodeled room with a queen bed. Bad choice! The design of this room is a DISASTER! There is a bi-fold door separating the bedroom from the vanity/toilet area. In order to use the bathroom, you close these bi-fold doors. Anyone needing to wash up or use the sink, needs to wait until you are through using the toilet before they can get to the vanity. I can't see myself staying here again unless they offer rooms that have not been remodeled or if I am staying here alone. Too bad!	
Jul 19 2009 	Well placed and nice rooms (but too small for 4 persons)	Overall, this Motel6 achieve a high rating - smart room, clean, friendly staff and next to the famous strip of Las Vegas. What do you want more? Only a little more space in the room for four persons (adults and teenagers and for big luggages!). Price-/service relation = top!	
Jun 26 2009 	Excellent value for money and short walk to the Strip...	This is a typical Motel 6, no frills, but clean, effective and low cost. Check in was quick and friendly and of course there's loads of free parking. The lobby is large and has internet workstations access and a tourist and travel info' desk. They are in the middle of a refurbishment programme and we tried an improved room one night and one in its original state on the other night. The rooms are good, even those not yet improved, and the improved ones have large flat screen TV and new bathrooms etc. There's also a pool area.This place is excellent value for money and only a very short distance from Las Vegas Boulevard (The Strip). Overall rating would be &quot;good&quot; (why does TA only allow &quot;very good&quot;?) and I would stay there again when in Vegas.	
May 30 2009 	Vile! Las Vegas version of Abu Graib	Arrived at 3 am to find a stained room with sheets off the bed in the floor and one towel. Garbage was strewn all over. Tried to make it work because it was so late but the sink pipes poured water onto the floor when I tried to brush my teeth. Customer service said they knew &quot;my type&quot; because I tried to make it work and didn't come to them immediately. Avoid at all costs! You'll save money but sleep in a pig sty.	
May 13 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!	Ok so I have been staying in Motel 6 for years all over the country and they have always been clean. Not this one. After about an hour of being in the room the bottom of my feet were pitch black. The floors were filthy!! When i looked closer there were hairs all over it. I was so let down. Then about 30 mins later what do I see a cockroach the size of my thumb crawling across the floor!!! I was horrified, this thing was huge. We all know that there is never just one.  So I quickly packed up my stuff and checked out. When I demanded that I be refunded (I was only int he room for about 3 hours) The lady at the front desk was very rude. Saying that I was lying about the bug and rolling her eyes. It took me 15 mins to get the full refund. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!  If you are on a budget go to the Hooters Hotel and Casino. That is where we went after all of this. It was a bit more money but not much and the rooms were beautiful. It is the next lot over from Motel 6. The rooms were clean. The pool area is wonderful and the staff was great. I repeat DO NOT STAY AT THIS MOTEL 6!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 23 2009 	Best Motel 6 I ever stayed at!!!	I booked this Motel 6 to stay at since I usually stay at a Motel 6 when I travel for pleasure. I dont expect too much, just a bed and a shower and TV. I was shocked at how nice this Motel 6 is, newly remodled. You just have to ask for one of the remodeled rooms, which they are rolling out across the system. I am a flight attendant and on business stay at high quality hotels, but this was pretty compareable to a Marriott, of course no coffe maker, iron etc, but I dont need that, just a nice room. The rooms have been made to look like European Hotels, with bright colors, flat screen tvs, granite coutner tops, a seating area, and the pool area was beutifully ladscaped. I got a pool view room, which was great. Again, be sure to ask for a remodeled room, since they are all not done yet. The service was friendly and I was very happpy with this stay. ! block, walkable from the strip and right across the street from the MGM.	
Mar 9 2009 	Perfect for the price	A friend and I went to Vegas to see some shows and let's be real: all anyone needs in Vegas is a bed to crash on after partying, gambling or simply a loooooong day of shopping, eating and sightseeing. The hotel is nothing fancy but that's why it's called a Motel. The front desk staff was nice at check-in and the rooms were clean. And for $40 a night, I cannot complain. And it's accross from the MGM Grand so right where you'd want to be if not staying on the strip. Great place to save money but still get a clean bed.	
Feb 20 2009 	Nothing nice about it but no complaints either.	This is the sort of place you have to judge it for what it is - a cheap motel. There is nothing nice or appealing about this place, except the price tag, but we didnt have the sort of experience that turned us off either.I booked this place as a stopover hotel, arriving at 11pm and planning to catch a 10am flight. I booked this place becasue I needed a place to sleep close to the airport, and it served my needs fine.The room was sanitised ok, I was a little hesitant to shower and sleep in the sheets because of stories I had heard about motels like this, but it was all ok.It was a bit of a walk to the strip, gotta walk down past hooters and the tropicana, takes about 10-15 mins to get to NYNY. A bit of a bummer was that no taxi wanted to drive there, partly because the drive way is dufficult to get into if you are coming from the strip and also because they dont usually have people needing to be picked up from there.Ask for a room closer to the front of the hotel (where the reception is) becasue it is safer there, where the security hangs out. The truckies park and hang out at the back.Other than that, if I was in the same situation, where I needed a place to sleep during a stopover, I would stay here again.	
Nov 25 2008 	Cheap Cheerful and No Frills	Motel 6 served as a very cheap, and very basic stay while in Vegas for a couple of days. Let's face it, for $32 a night; you don't pay much, you don't get much!! Bed, TV, bathroom &amp; shower. That's it!! Don't expect a clock radio, coffee maker, extra pillows or blankets, iron &amp; ironing board, fridge, microwave, etc. They also skimp on the soap and clean towels. The hotel is wired for wifi, but you need to purchase a wifi card which gives you 24 hours of service for $2.99. That isn't bad, as many higher priced hotels charge at least $10.99. I am of the opinion that in these days and times wifi should be complimentary no matter where you stay or price you pay. It is a large spread out property, in which one section is currently(Nov '08) being renovated. A few of it's pluses include it's proximity to &quot;The Strip&quot;. You can walk to the MGM Grand, Hooters, Tropicana, New York New York, and the Excalibur. It's also close to the MGM Grand Monorail Station. Even on a hot day of 100+ degree temperature (38+ celsius) you can easily walk to many of these hotels. There is a Cocos Restaurant next door, and a convenience store on the property. A major minus is that it's literally located across the street from McCarren Airport in close proximity to the runways. Now, I am a heavy sleeper. I live in California and have slept through earthquakes. Every morning without fail, I was awaken at 0600 by loud jet noise. To be fair to the motel, my room faced Koval Lane. Those rooms get the brunt of the noise from McCarren. When I stayed there before, I had a room on the opposite side of the motel, and airport noise wasn't a problem. At least it didn't wake me up every morning.  All in all, it was a clean, cheap, and very basic room. I was only in the room long enough to take a shower, sleep, wake up, and leave for the day. It's good for a short stay. Las Vegas offers many activities to occupy your time. None of which includes sitting around your motel room. At the very least you can go out and enjoy the pool!! Motel 6 is probably one of the best bargains near The Strip. It is great for budget travelers, students and young people. If you like accommodations with a certain amount of amenities; this isn't the place for you. If you go in with very few expectations,........YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!!!	
Nov 4 2008	No extra guest charge makes it a good deal	The first impression I had walking into the room was that it only seemed big enough to turn around in. We had four people, with six large pieces of luggage (had to do some repacking for flight next day) and that pretty much took up all the space in the room. Also, there were only two full size towels for us, but I was traveling with my Taiwanese parents-in-law, who make do with small towels just fine. The room was very clean though, and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The location is also not bad - just on the other side of the Tropicana. And not having extra-guest charges made it the best deal I could find. And, for us it had a nice advantage over a hotel - being able to park the car right outside your door!	
Nov 2 2008 	Not flashy just a solid and predictable experience	Definitely recommend this. It's just a good hotel. Why four stars? Because there are no surprises, no problems, no negatives about it. If you're looking here you're probably just looking for a place in walking distance of the Strip, to ditch your car and get some sleep. Motel 6 provides.Pluses:- friendly and courteous service. Let me pick a room.- easy to find location. Good when you have a car.- though the decor is cheesy and outdated a bit, very clean- they have a security patrol of sorts- wifi for $3- cheaper than Strip hotels (paid $76)- brisk 10 minute walk to New YorkNegatives:- airport / traffic noise; helicopters were flying back and forth overhead regularly and though not facing the street there was a lot of traffic noise, sirens and honking.- some guest noise; creaking floor above and people walking by your room sound like they're in the room.- not that bad an area but some people, esp single females, would not feel comfortable walking from the Strip to the hotel late.	
Oct 18 2008 	YUCK!!! Stay somewhere else!	We decided to stay here for our final nite's stay in Vegas, we had a timeshare the other nites. We walked in and they would not honor the prices that we saw on the website. They said we were staying in the newer section but there was nothing new about it, the steps to the upper level were lopsided. We had to take a hike just to get to the unit passing through another motels property. This place was very noisy and a DUMP!! The room only had 2 large towels and no alarm clock and no hairdryer. The only thing it had was tiny bar of soap. I was almost afraid to sleep on the bed. The sheets did not look that clean to me. The only good thing I can say is that we only had to spend ~5 hours there before it was time to catch our plane. At $60 for a Sunday I didn't think it was a deal at all.	
Aug 23 2008 	For the budget traveller only.	This motel is perfect if you don't care were you stay, as long as its cheap and safe. I would consider this Motel 6 the best motel in Vegas. But that isn't saying much, you should see some of the motels in vegas.Motel 6 provides a decent place to stay, for a decent price. Its pet friendly, and perfect if you're a student, young, and preferably a male. There is no gambling on this site, and the cleanliness is inconsistant. Somtimes you win, sometimes you lose.The staff is friendly, and the rooms are what you would expect from a motel 6.The location is great, on tropicana, and inbetween the airport and the strip. There is a good pool to relax in, and a mini mart on site for all your needs. A small restaurant that serves meals too.Consider this place if you &quot;don't care were you stay&quot;. But if you're intimidated by motels... don't risk it, its just like all the others. Go to a hotel.	
Jun 12 2008	Very Good basic accomodation	Obviously not the best hotel in Vegas but I found it to be good value. A short walk from the strip, a couple of shops nearby and a good value cafe on the way to the strip. No coffee making facilities but free coffee from the shop in the mornings. It is a very large hotel and very spread out so you may end up some way from reception but there is parking throughout so no problem. I happen to be an aircraft enthusiast so had asked for a room with an airport view and got just that from the helpful receptionist (not sure if all of them would have been as good!).	
May 6 2008 	Go elsewhere	We booked this place because it was the closest place to the trip that would accept pets. After I had booked my room I had decided to extend my stay, their website was limited and I had decided to make another reservation, thinking it should not be a problem for them to leave us in the same room, also, we arrived a day earlier. This was a total of 3 &quot;orders&quot; for them. I asked to stay in the same room for the whole stay. The night manager was stupid enough to ask me to go EVERY DAY of the stay BEFORE 10am to make that request at the reception. Who wakes up before 10am in vegas? And who wants to the reception DAILY when it does not makes sense. After explaining to her with puppets that it made non-sense she mumbled and gave me what i wanted. ?!? All this took over an hour, I swear. During that hour, I saw a minimum of 5 hooker-like with customers checkin in. It seems to be a &quot;regular&quot; workplace. The room was very noisy, I could easily ear the neighbor TV, just not the TV but what is being said, etc. Our neighbors were noisy until 5am-6am steadily but reception did nothing to improve after we called to report their abusive behavior. Also, on a couple occasions, we put a sign on the door to NOT make the room, both in english and spanish but the maid would not care and do the room anyway. We even told her verbally and she refused, saying the request had to come from the office. The beds were awful and of very different quality. The pillows as well. I would say avoid, unless you have a dog and want to be close to the strip.	
Apr 20 2008	decent off strip basic budget accomodation for vegas	We knew exactly what we wanted in vegas, cheap and clean accomodation. We werent bothered about staying at one of the flagship hotels on the strip, as we were in vegas at the beginning of a 3 week western us tour, so were economising.This motel 6 was clean, and not as noisy as you may expect being close to the airport. It had a nice big pool, not that we used it, and ice was easily accessible from a machine. The aircon worked good.Free coffee before 11am from the on site mini mart is included. The strip is about a 400 yard walk away (or take bus 192)All in all a decent budget stay in vegas for 5 nights!	
Mar 26 2008 	what a hole!	We stayed our first few nights in Vegas at a different place, and then moved to Motel 6 for the final 2 nights of our visit. I've never had a bad stay at a Motel 6. Not looking for the Taj Mahal, just a quiet clean bed to sleep in.At check-in, we had a hard time speaking to the desk clerk who spoke really heavily accented English and didn't seem to care about anything but getting back to his personal conversation with his co-worker.We were shoved in the very back building where all the big rigs park. The room smelled heavily of smoke, we had to leave the door open. Even my husband who smokes couldn't stand the smell. The carpet was filthy and burned. I went into the restroom and my first step in found a sticky spot of ???? on the floor. GROSS!!!!! The wall where the doorknob touches inside the bathroom was black from people's dirty hands on the doorknob that then touched the wall when the door opened and there was a big black greasy handprint on the shower curtain where someone with greasy hands had pulled the curtain shut. At least they took a shower, I guess.The first morning we were awakend repeatedly between 4 and 6 am by the trucks starting and the dreaded back up beepers. The second night, some security guard with big heavy boots started pounding on the door next to ours. I think I gathered the lady next door might have left a dog in her car? Couldn't quite make out the fuss, with his radio squawking and him loudly talking to her and her talking to him. By the time I got back to sleep, it was time for the trucks to leave again.All in all, the worst stay I've ever had anywhere in my life, but I must say, it made me appreciate going home all that much more.	
Mar 19 2008	best value for money ever	Went to Vegas as a side trip for 24 hours, must have picked the worst time to go as available accommodation was virtually non existent and that that was available had put their prices up to a ridiculous level, came across this motel and booked it in desperation, they had not put up their prices as others had, the cost between 3 of us was £11 each so did not expect much, however the room was great value, clean, nice towels, air conditioning, great shower, now bearing in mind we managed to catch only 4 hours sleep (well we were in Vegas) we could not have asked for anything better, by the time we arrived they were turning people away at the door, must have got in just in time. Come on those who have complained, taking everything into account this place is really good. Would definitely stay again	
Mar 19 2008 	Excellent Choice	I stayed at Motel 6 - Tropicana for 4 nights in mid-March 2008. My smaller conference coincided with a VERY large one of construction workers, so most other rooms were pricy beyond belief. Motel 6 charged me $55 on weeknights and $89 on weekend nights.The lobby is very clean, does not have slot machines (which could attract an unsavory crowd). The Room was VERY clean, bed very comfortable. Good bed, good, clean, sturdy furniture. I did not use the two swiming pools but they looked clean and attractive. Wi-Fi internet is not free, but has a flat fee for 24 hours, and the connection is good. The location is also very good for the price since it is a very short walk to the strip and even shorter to the main entrance of the MGM casino (with the monorail). The good thing is that even at 3 am, the streets have people and cars on them so you are never really alone when walking around. Some bums, some drunks are about as well, but they are pretty quiet.Potential problems: no irons (but can be rented from nearby convenience store), and no ironing boards (I used the desk!). No drawers - all storage is on shelves. No toiletries except small, but nice, bars of soap.All things considered, an excellent place to stay. The price is right.	
Mar 18 2008	We have stayed here several times and will again..!.	I've never written a hotel/motel review before but after reading some of the ones above, I was prompted to do so for this particular Motel 6 on Tropicana Ave in Las Vegas..with reluctance because if enough of us keep writing good reports about this place, the price is sure to go up, and the room availability will go down..which will hurt me in my future stays..!! But, I am also a person who has always appreciated value for my dollar and in my opinion, this is one of those rare finds.If you want a coffee maker,..ironing board..shampoo..body lotion..shower cap..office suite table with wi-fi connect, and extra towels for the pool...OH...and a ink pen in the room....I would suggest you quit looking at discount hotels to save a few bucks...(why are they less per night.???..DUH.....No coffee maker,..ironing board..shampoo..body lotion..shower cap..office suite table with wi-fi connect, and extra towels for the pool...OH...and no ink pen in the room.) You should go give some of the large Casino/Hotels a try..... Nice rooms with shampoo and plastic shower caps..!! Not real cheap...but the amenities are great.. In this world, you always get what you are willing to pay or play for...!!This Motel 6 seems to be a well run and security conscious operation.. We feel safe there...It has very reasonable rates, clean rooms, cordial hard working staff, and MGM Grand across the street for access to the &quot;Strip&quot; monorail transportation..... Plus it has Hooters Casino next door with all the latest in breast implants on full display.....You tell me where else in this world you can get all that for around $50.00 per night and I will try to find you a free ink pen for use in your next cheap motel room....(Unless you truly are a whining [--]. ...... then you are on your own.)	
Mar 17 2008 	Never Again	The lobby definitely gave a misleading impression. It was clean, even had computers to print boarding passes. But once in the room it was all downhill! I went to wash my hands and the water came out yellow/brown! It just felt dirty in there. And it took fifteen minutes for warm water. I would never stay in a motel 6 again. On the bright side, the housekeeping was friendly and it was close to the Strip.	
Nov 11 2007 	Good and bad location	Booked this for the last night of my holiday as near to the airport. Perfectly adequate standard motel accommodation. Only a 10 minute walk along Tropicana Boulevard to Hooters, the Tropicana and then Excalibur, New York-New York and the monorail to everywhere else. The only problem is that the 2 storey motel is spread over a large area and is open to anyone walking in off the street. I was on the first floor and couldn't find an elevator so had to drag my suitcase up the stairs. No iron/board in the room so had to go with the crumpled look. I have no evidence that there is a problem with security but it FELT unsafe. There were quite a few people just hanging around outside the rooms and on the balconies which just gave it a rather uncomfortable atmosphere. Still, nothing did happen so it could just be me. Would probably stay elsewhere though in future.	
Sep 17 2007 	Motel 6 Las Vegas Tropicana super	we stayed at Motel 6 Tropicana in las Vegas and it was great, really cheap, great professional service and located so close to the strip. security , us two girls felt really safe.	
Sep 16 2007 	Fantastic!! Great room and location!!	This was my first experience of motel 6 and i have to say i was impressed. The motel is in a fantastic location, two seconds from hooters (its next door) and across the road from the mgm grand.Its also easy to get there if your traveling by car, two minutes from the nearest highway.Our second floor room was clean and comfortable. One thing I was impressed with was that your minutes from the main strip, but it was reasonably quiet and secure. There is security guards walking round the premises 24 hours a day.Its a busy motel 6 so check in was quick and effecient, although the staff arent the friendliest!!Overall if your travelling on a budget, or are just looking for a cheap place near to all the action, motel 6 is perfect.	
Aug 28 2007 	I've stayed here 4 times....	And they would receive an exellent rating, except for one time my A/C did not work in the middle of the summer! They did give me with a free room night voucher, since I slept in a hot room. To the credit of the maintenance staff, he did change out the A/C three times until it was midnight and I had to be up for a flight at 4, so I stopped calling the front desk. Over all, the stays were great. My rooms were clean and simple. This Motel Six has earned my business and I will stay here again when I'm in Vegas.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great LocationObnoxious StaffBad housekeeping	Great location across from MGM Grand, Great price $44 per nite. Basic room 1 queen bed,1 table,19&quot; TV.Housekeeping was terrible. Left room dirtier than when they came in. Left dirty towels etc.Open garbage and roaches throughout the exterior of the property. Very Very unfriendly rude staff,each and everyone one of them.Can only recommend on location &amp; price for Vegas,but,don't expect anything else.	
Jul 7 2007 	Gross	I found a pubic hair in the shower and a cockroach crawling around the bathroom floor. I contacted both the front desk and the hotel relations online to report the incident, expecting some kind of compensation for my bad experience, but all I was assured is that the hotel staff would spray the room for cockroaches. Based on this experience, I will never stay at a Motel 6 again, especially considering that this one star, roach-infested motel costs a minimum of $60 with tax on a Thursday night, and I paid only $80 with tax for an awesome room at the four star Hilton Las Vegas on a Friday night.	
Jul 3 2007 	Loved this Motel	This hotel is lovely, clean rooms, helpful staff and right around the corner from The Strip (opposite MGM). We stayed for 3 nights at the beginning of our holiday and then ended our journey with a further 2 nights (June 07) . Why pay extravagant hotel prices when Motel 6 is around $45-70 (depending on which nights you stay). It is a five minute walk to the strip and is easily accessible from the airport too.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good value motel	We were forced to leave Circus Circus(CC) in the middle of our trip due to their mistake and I was not going to pay $189/night there!At my mother in law's suggestion, we called Motel 6 and they were able to get us a handicap accessible room with one bed and it had a roll in shower for $59/night. I was thrilled yet apprehensive.We had to leave CC by 11:00 am and the check in time was 3pm at Motel 6. We had to sit in the lobby for 3 hours. They said the room was not ready and we could not check in. We asked if that room could be cleaned sooner since we were in the lobby waiting rather than a room with no one waiting on, but they said no. That did not make sense cleaning a room which was not even rented yet and making guests who have already paid wait 3 hours!Once we did get into the room, we were pleased at its cleanliness right off. The room was basic with a TV, one bed, desk, chair soap, towels and wash cloths.As far as accessibility went, it was more than adequate with room to move around, everything within reach and set up perfectly for wheelchair users.While the motel is not directly on the strip, it was no issue getting to the strip. In fact we went straight out our door to the outside, rather than having to go down an elevator, wind around through a crowded lobby and out the door. This actually made up for the distance being a bit farther to the strip.The small cafe next door has very good food. We ate breakfast there both mornings. Good food as well as good service at a reasonable price.I would highly recommend this motel to anyone who wants to save their money for what they come to Vegas for and that is usually for fun! It is perfect for wheelchair users as stated before. Families would get a good bargain hotel and a pool for the kids.Resist the temptation of the higher priced hotels on the Strip and stay here. Unless you just have to have the luxuries and plan on spending a lot of time in your hotel room while in Vegas, this is perfect for anyone!	
May 29 2007 	Sub-standard motel	I spent two nights with another couple and a two-year old. We paid $100 per night on memorial day weekend. The room was clean and the location is good but:- The room was very small, and only had a shower (no bath.)- There was quite a lot of noise from the street.- Room supplies were well below standard. For example we only received two towels. In the first night we were able to have two more towels sent to our room - but on the next day housekeeping replaced them again by two - and we had to go get more towels ourselves. The hotel was not able to supply additional blankets. There is no coffee machine in the room and no breakfast (Complimentary coffee is available in the morning in a shop near the motel, no brewed decaf.) No shampoo. - If you want to sit down and read/talk outside the room there is no place where you can do it. There is no lobby - only a registration area which is noisy and has no seats. - After checking out they wouldn't let us use their bathroom - for this reason alone I won't come back to this hotel.	
May 22 2007 	Great basic budget motel near the strip	Our room had 2 full sized beds, a large bathroom, nice cold AC, carpet was clean and the room looked like it had been recently renovated. We all were pleasantly surprised. There's even a decent pool area.The motel is about 1/2 mile from the strip. If you're really lazy, the Hooters Casino is right next door, with some decent gambling and a nice pool.As previously posted, the area's a little rough and there may be a few strange folks walking around, but we never felt unsafe. Sat ($80) and Sun ($50) w/tax = $140 for 2 nights, for 2 couples. All the hotels on the strip were $200 plus for the weekend we went so Motel 6 was a steal.If you can handle a short walk to get to the strip, and go without all the luxuries of the big casino hotels, then you'll get a really good deal at this motel.I'm giving it 4 stars based on value you get for the money.Make your reservations online to get a really good online rate. You can cancel up to 6pm the day of arrival.	
Mar 24 2007 	OK for a cheap place	If you're reading this, you're probably looking for a cheap place and wonder whether this one is sanitary, comfortable and safe enough. It is.Typical of the thin-towel category of hotels, my room was cheaply furnished but comfortable enough and clean. There are no &quot;amenities&quot; of any kind: no tub, only a shower; no shampoo, tissues, radio, clock, coffee maker, iron. They're even stingy with the soap; I was going to leave a note asking for more soap, but they don't provide a pen or paper, either. No high speed internet, but you can use free local calls for dial up. There's a table and two chairs. The TV and air conditioner worked OK. The bed was OK. It's kind of a seedy area but I never felt unsafe.BTW, the $4.99 breakfast special next door at Coco's is OK. Coffee is $2 extra, but they gave me refils and let me take a large cup with me to drink on the road. The decaf wasn't very good, but like the room, it was cheap. If you head east on Tropicana for a mile or two and turn right into a strip mall called University Plaza, the family run &quot;King and I&quot; restaurant serves a good Thai curry for $9.	
Jan 25 2007 	Good value - not luxury but fine for a crash pad.	Motel 6 is basic - no clock, shampoo. Basic needs - a towel, some soap. Has a TV and my room (416, east wing) appeared pretty recently renovated. I had a nonsmoking room which had an ashtray (go figure, an ashtray but no pen) - and kind of stunk of stale smoke.For $40 in Vegas, you are getting a VERY good deal with Motel 6 - its within walking distance of the strip. Other &quot;value&quot; properties around town are $40-50 - include places you DO NOT WANT TO GO TO. (Trust me, I'm local.)Good shower, clean bed, decent carpet - For value, I'd recommend it to guests. The ladies were really nice at check in.The downsides: Folks in transient mode - bunches of temp workers renting one room and having the whole gang use it for the shower; working girls; motel setting.I felt perfectly safe, however. it can be loud - motels often are - all the activity outside.So this place is perfect for a bed and a shower - not for luxuriating in spa-style.	
Jan 20 2007 	o.k.	my wife and I are from holland, and one thing we forgotten , never ever visit vegas in a weekend !! first double room rates 2nd no vacancy ! a nice lady at motel 6 in vegas offered us a &quot;bad&quot; room with dirty carpet fot 1/2 room rate ! i can appricited that ! excuse me fot the bad english	
Jan 19 2007 	Great price especially on a Saturday night....	We booked to stay in Vegas for 3 nights but as things turned out we were getting a flight from Merced Airport to Las Vegas North on a Saturday night, so needed to book a further night.We therefore booked the Motel 6 on Tropicana as the price compared to the strip hotels for that night was such a huge difference. We paid $70 + tax, whereas even the most budget option on the strip were looking for $200+.In the end our flight was cancelled at short notice (thanks Scenic Airlines) so we had to get a bus from Yosemite to Merced, then a train from Merced to Fresno and then drive from Fresno to Las Vegas...a very long trip.So when we arrived in Vegas we just needed a nice easy check in, good room and a bite to eat somewhere close. We got all these, check in staff were very good and although our first key didn't work they soon sorted us out another. The room was fine, very clean, a little on the small side but for the price it was a bargain, especially on a Saturday night. The bathroom area was small but the shower was excellent.Location is great. Just 5mins walk from the MGM and a bit furher to the New York New York where we headed for food.We did notice there were a few characters hanging around the hotel although we didn't feel particularly threatened but maybe if you have children it might be worth giving it a miss. Most people were just there for a good time, so it was little noisy and rowdy although nothing worse than any other city or town on a Saturday night.All in all a bargain. I would still recommend staying on the strip (we stayed at the Excalibur) but if your first night coincides with a Saturday, this is a good cheap option which will allow you gamble more or even have a really top notch meal out.	
Jan 10 2007 	The Place to stay if you're on a budget	Stayed at this hotel during the CES, the biggest convention in the United States. During big conventions like CES, the strip hotels have no problem charging $300 a night or more for a room that shouldn't go for more than $100 max. My room was $40 a night; it was clean, comfortable and across the street from the MGM Grand. If you need to get somewhere, the Monorail station is right across the street. I have a old Sony laptop, and I left it in the room every night of my stay with no problem. My only complaint was the heater, which is set on a timer. I would have been nice to have consistant heat, especially on those cold desert nights. Two other good reasons to stay at Motel 6. They don't put an hold on your credit card or charge for local phone calls. Most other hotels charge you to look at a phone and you will also charge you to hook up to the high speed internet. Motel 6 lets you make all the local calls you want, which means you can hook up to the internet for unlimited access at 56K if you have a dial up account, which is fine to check email, the weather, the hometown newspaper website or flight info. If you're trying to save some bucks and all you need is a place to sleep and shower, you csan't beat Motel 6.	
Nov 11 2006 	Very good deal	For people knowing what is a Motel 6, this place is your's. 5 minutes walk to MGM hotel and strip. Free Coffee between 7-11 a.m at the mini-mart, (just beside hotel). Room not very large but it's clean, and you park the car just front. 42 $ for 2 during week was o.k for us. Room #337 (second floor) east building with west view was very good deal. Taxi from airport to hotel = 13$ but driver charge 1$ each luggage, if not = 10$Breakfast at coco's restaurant is so so. For 2-3$ more try the Luxor buffet.In some occasions you can pay about 60$ on a strip, i think at this price you can go but go to Motel 6 if hotel on Strip exceed 100$.Hope you will understand my english beacause i'm a french canadian	
Nov 3 2006 	what do you want for your money	FROM the UK and use this motel each time i come over, since my philosphy in life is why spend your money ,when you dont have too, its clean, handy for the strip, and good to get to and from the airport, always clean, and staff are helpfull, i know its a bit dark at night, but i havnt had any trouble, and the free cup of coffee in the morning is welcome with the fresh doughnut thats not free, enjoy life, enjoy vegas, and save your money to spend on other things	
Oct 29 2006 	Decent enough for a motel	OK, firstly it's a motel so you're not going to get all the same comforts that you might in a hotel. The rooms are basic, ours had two queen beds, TV with cable, bathroom with shower and enough space for suitcases etc. The motel is VERY big. From the road, the office is at the front. Directly behind this is the pool area which is very pleasant, large pool with loads of sun loungers. The rooms spread back in a row from this point and this goes back around a quarter of a mile. This is the East Wing Then, to the right as you look at it, there's a small convenience store and a cheapish restaurant. Behind this is a Best Western motel and to the right of that, more Motel 6 rooms; this is the West Wing. You have to cross the Best Western car park to get to the from the West Wing to the East Wing where the office, laundry and vending machines are. It's a couple of minutes walk. There is a smaller pool in the West Wing but it's right near the car park and only separated by some railings which you could see right through. There didn't seem to be anyone using it whilst I was there. We asked to be near the East Wing pool but were told it was full. These rooms seem to be the most popular and I don't think you'll get one if arriving after 2pm or on a weekend (like we did). As it was weekend, the motel was very busy and yes, some of the other guests looked a bit dodgy. I heard a group of young men talking about &quot;working some b*****s&quot;, which I took to mean they were pimps. There was always at least one man hanging around the car park, waiting for his lady to finish work (if you know what I mean). That said, they never bothered us and I did NOT feel in any danger. I suppose they're just going about their business and don't want any hassle either. But, hey, this is Vegas, that kind of thing goes on everywhere so I don't suppose I should be shocked. They're probably more discrete in fancier hotels. There were security guards riding around in golf carts and bicycles all day and night too. They didn't look too tough but it was reassuring to see them keeping an eye on everyone's rooms and cars.GOOD POINTS: The location. It's 5 minutes by car from the strip. If you have a car, take my advice, go down Koval road rather than the strip - we sat in traffic for over an hour and only got as far as Paris Hotel. The rooms were clean (the bath looked a little worn but certainly not dirty) and attended to every day. We were about halfway down the West Wing (room 1127) and had no problems with noise from other guests. Durning the week it's very quet and you should have no difficulty parking right outside your room. It's cheapBAD POINTS: It's right under the flight path for helicopters and during the day, they go over frequently. Anything from every 30 minutes to about 6 per minute at times. This was not a problem at night though. It's too big - you can't just nip out got ice in your PJs because you have to walk over Best Western's car park to get to it. They could do with bigger laundry facilities. I was travelling around the west of the USA and had 6 weeks' worth of clothing. They have 2 machines and 2 dryers. This is just not enough for a large motel.In conclusion, this motel is fine for the money. It's clean, the staff are OK, the location is good (especially if you drive) and it's cheap. More money for you to lose in the casinos.	
Oct 8 2006 	Dont stay in the rooms in the back!!!!!!!!!!! BEWARE!	My sister and I stayed there it was a saturday night. The girl at the desk gave us our room which was wayyyy in the back down a wierd alley, it used to be another hotel and looks like they bought it out. everything was fine until about 1 am the people next to us were partying! I mean boom box drinking and being LOUD! Well I called the front desk and let them know what was going on, and the girl says this to me &quot; well you should have known better those are the partying rooms! &quot; i couldnt belive it! they said they would send someone down, then I heard the security telling them that WE complained about them!!!!! security was laughing and knows these people and now we can hear them saying they were going to kill us and &quot;get those cali girls&quot; my sister and I were freaked out! we packed up all our stuff,looked out side and they were all leaning on my car! they happen to go inside for a second and we made a run for it! Got into the car and thank god we were safe.,went to the front desk to get my money back and never got an apololgy! DO NOT STAY HERE! This place and other small motels and rented out by the locals for partying only!!! stay ON THE STRIP IN A HOTEL THATS MUCH MUCH MORE SAFER. what a nightmare. !!	
Sep 17 2006	good for 1 day /night	me &amp; my parents stayed here 1 night for the start of a 10 day trip to bryce canyon -lake powell-grand canyon etc. I thought it was a good place to stay it was close to all of las vegas strip &amp; there was a great place right in front of motel 6 called cocos it was a diner type of eaterywent there for breakfast &amp; dinner went there often. only thing I did not like was the noise from the Planes &amp; Helicopters flying around( close to airport ).	
Sep 1 2006	small and cosey!	well i expected the worst as i'd heard a lot about this hotel so i wasnt expecting much.the rooms are very small.we had a double and there's very little room.The shower had silverfish in it and the chairs were old and needed replacing.the air con was fine and the pool was cold.for the price its ok but if you have the money stay elsewhere!	
Jul 20 2006 	A hot place	We stayed at this Motel 6 for one night in June 2006 (for about 80$ the double for one night). It's Motel 6 -so you know, what to expect. The Motel itself is in good shape, clean and really located near a couple of interesting Las Vegas attractions. It is a decent place to stay, unless vou are from Europe and not used to sleep with a noisy, chilly airconditioning, running next to your bed. It was 43 degrees Celsius (125 Fahrenheit) outside and without the airconditioning you virtually grilled in your room. So, Europeans, beware in the summertime. An acceptable place for the cooler part of the year.	
Jul 18 2006	Ok for One Night	This motel was only 2 blocks from the south end of the strip. It was ok for one night but the swimming pool that we were suppose to use was locked with no explanation as to why and with 115 degree heat it would have been nice to use it!	
May 22 2006	great for overnight	just to be clear we stayed at the one on 195 tropicana - front desk customer service all very friendly and smiling even at midnight when we arrived. Check in was easy and they gave me extra towels right then and there. All walks of life check in especially at midnight, but no worries felt completely safe, they have security guards riding around. Room is bare basics beds, desk, tv air conditioner very cold. I will admit very clean. All in All fine for an overnighter and for it being booked with tons of 20yr olds never heard any noise at night. We were in 1327 very back I would ask for a room around the 400 by the pool next time.	
May 22 2006	Good safe and clean for less money!!!!!	We stayed here for one week at the begin of May, 2006, we made a reservation from the internet, 53 dollar per night. It's almost 3 blocks from the Strip, you can eat your breakfast at Coco's a restaurant nearby the motel, for 10 dollars you have a good breakfast for 2!! The rooms are clean, safe, there's a nice swimmingpool where you can lay back at your chair! there are enough of them....if we want to go back to Vegas, we are going back to this Motel...	
May 15 2006	great bargain	Three of us stayed here one night for $60. Excellent price, very clean. Two blocks from strip. Less than 5 minutes from the airport. AND, we got in on a Wednesday night without reservations.	
May 1 2006	Good enough	The biggest motel 6 in the franchise but the same as any other 6. Even though its 2 blocks off the strip you will be walking alot to get places. The 2 blocks seems more like 5 blocks somehow, and once you go 5 blocks youl still have a lot of walking to do depending on were your going. There is plenty of parking however and you could drive were you want to go and not walk at all. Thats one thing I like about Vegas, lots of free parking. But I prefer to find a base were I can walk anywhere. The avenue is safe as could be for a city, a big plus, the reviewer who was nervous on it alone could be afraid of his own shadow.. The pool might come in handy, Vegas can be hot. But be careful, the desert sun can be hardcore on the skin. Clean and safe room but I would try to find something on the strip for more $$$$$. If you cant than the 6 is very good deal.	
Apr 9 2006	1 block to the strip for cheap!	I stayed here to see Dane Cook at the Mandalay Bay and everything was excellent. Obviously it is a budget motel so all you get is beds, a TV, a sink, toilet and shower. But that was all I expected and needed! The room was very clean, I had no problems with perfumes or anything. In addition, the A/C unit was very efficient and reletivly quiet, The shower head was a great wide, plastic shower spray type. My only problem, (and its a tiny one) is that if you stay in the west wing, you have to pass through the Best Value, and the parking lots are kind of hard to find, but once you do, it's fine.	
Feb 23 2006	Good Budget Motel	Great value for money, rooms cleaned daily, bed linen every 3, towels daily if required. Less than 5 minutes walk to main entrance to MGM and Hooters. Mini-mart open 24hours on site, not cheapest but convenient. Hotel staff very helpful, batteries went in remote for TV and replaced straight away at reception, no questions asked. Only one down point, no lifts just stairs for upstairs rooms, small amount of aircraft noise, but you don't go to Vegas to spend your holiday in the room!! Diner called Coco's on site, good food and reasonably priced, cheaper than the strip!! Tropicana Ave is being cleaned up as there were a lot of flyers for call girls stuffed into fences and boxes, but it seems that it is being cleaned up there as well as on the strip, a good thing especially if travelling with kids, as they are promoting vegas as a family resort. PS Had a great holiday!!!	
Feb 17 2006	Smelly but friendly	This was the first real 'budget' hotel we almost stayed at. The rooms are heavily perfumed with air freshener. My partner is extremely sensitive to odors and so we couldn't stay. (nb: i didn't want to stay because of this and I'm not 'sensitive') The staff checked the room to ensure we hadn't used the facilities, or damaged the room in any way, we checked another room, but the smell was as strong. The front desk then agreed to reimburse our payment and we moved on to the MGM Grand. (see for details)	
Nov 26 2005	Handy Budget Motel	Being on a budget &quot;Road trip&quot; around Las Vegas and S.F., I selected this motel as both nights were during a weekend (Where the Hotel strip prices more than double). We stayed two separate nights (One returning from the Grand Canyon, the other from the San Francisco leg of our tour).This is a big Motel complex. It's very handy being next to the airport (The odd thing being - you didn't hear the planes at night. However - There was a fair bit of road noise from Tropicana Av. - but you must bare in mind how busy L.V. actually is !!). The rooms were basic - clean and tidy. Great for our needs - a bed and shower. As previous reviews indicate - the sort walk to the strip was not a problem. There is quite a large Diner on site called &quot;Coco's&quot; for breakfast. (A small hint - even though the Motel is right next to the airport - don't bother getting a rip-off cab - use one of the &quot;Shuttles&quot; which are currently fixed at $5 each. It cost nearly $9 just to travel between the Airport Entrance and the Departures/Arrivals Terminal!)	
Oct 11 2005	Excellent location	Very good; typical Motel 6 two Queen size beds, ideal for family of 2 Adults 2 kids. Next to airport, lots of helicopters around in the day time; didn't have any noise problems at night. The best thing was the location. Within 5 minutes walk of the MGM Grand and Monorail, couldn't be much closer to the strip; no need for cabs. Secure pool. Room rate was under $50. A nice diner on site, and a small supermarket - 3 T Shirts for $10. All in all, very pleased.	
Aug 1 2005	Value for money	Although it wasn`t located on the strip, we had no complaints walking the 100-200 metres to the nearest hotel (MGM Grand) on the strip. The room is clean and try to get a room close to the front desk if you don`t drive. Great for people who need only a bed and shower in Las Vegas. Get a good rate even on fridays when hotel rates doubled in the strip.	
Jun 13 2005	Value in Vegas	Just enjoyed a week at the Motel 6 on Tropicana. Great value accommodation, rooms clean and comfortable. Pool area secure and well kept. Staff friendly and helpful. Overall a great place to stay, as location is perfect for access to the strip, and price unbeatable. Highly recommended.	
Jun 7 2005	Good Clean Motel	This was my first ever stay in a motel, and I was very pleased. I usually stay at one of the nicer hotels on the strip, but this time it was extremely expensive, so my friend recomended Motel 6. This motel is very clean. The rooms are small, but overall good for the Vegas lifestyle. We only used the room for sleeping, but there was a pool available as well. The only things is that there is no shampoo or conditioner, you may need to bring you own. Have fun.. Its only a 3 min walk to the new monorail behind the MGM. Oh, and try to get a room on the West wing.. You'll have a nice view of the strip.	
Mar 17 2005	Great value	Great location, directly across the street from the MGM and the Monorail which will take you to all the major casinos on the strip. Don’t expect luxury, just value, and try to get a room facing away from the airport to reduce the noise from jets taking off at night. You can spend the money you save on gambling, shows, etc.	
Mar 8 2005	Superb value	The motel is literally around the corner from the MGM Grand and therefore so close to the Strip.It offers excellent value for money. I paid $38 per night. The rooms are large enough and come with AC. I cannot recommend this budget accomodation enough.	
Feb 7 2005	Not too bad ... It's a Motel 6!	This place is not as bad as some of the reviews would suggest. Yes, the rooms are small, but I found them to be typical of a budget motel. After reading the reviews, I was expecting something the size of a cruise ship's lower deck! But instead, it's just your average room with two doubles beds, a small desk/dresser combo, a TV, a nightstand, and not really much room for anything else. Not being a person who spends much time in the room except for sleeping, this suited me just fine.We had a room on the west wing (closest to the strip) and found the accomodations very clean and well kept. Housekeeping service was quick and efficient in keeping things tidy during our three-day stay there. One word of warning ... bring your own shampoo and lotion, because they don't provide the little bottles in the bathroom (only soap). If you have to buy these things in the quik-mart next door, they'll charge you an arm and a leg. For some reason, the shower felt like it was putting out carbonated water, with as much air as water, so it was not a place you'd want to linger ... but it was clean as well.The location is okay. It's a short walk to the MGM Grand across the street, but some of the darker corners of this large property are a little sketchy at night. We did see security officers in the parking lot at various times, which goes a long way in making you feel safer, and never encountered any problems. We always saw several tourists like ourselves making the same walk, no matter what time of the day or night. The Hotel San Remo is at the next block over, and if you like this location, you may also want to check into prices at America's Best Value Inn, which oddly is situated right in-between the two wings of Motel 6 and looks like the same level of accomodations.The Carrow's/Coco's restaurant on site was convenient and decent for breakfast, but like many places near the strip, was overpriced for what you got.If you book this place, just remember it's a &quot;budget&quot; motel ... no shampoo, shoe polish, or even Kleenex are supplied here ... but it's not a &quot;ghetto&quot; motel by any means!	
Nov 9 2004 	OVERPRICED	Believe me, I've stayed at Motel 6's before, so I knew what to expect. Check in was average. It took about 10 minutes before we could check in, but it was expected. I was there to attend the SEMA convention at the last minute; the reason for staying at a Motel 6. Also, rooms were expensive, so I had no choice but to stay at a Motel 6. I paid $75 total with tax for just 1 night. Fortunately, I was able to book a non-smoking room with 2 beds. My friends were unfortunate to get smoking rooms, and these smoking rooms really did reek of smoke. They had no choice, since the entire property was apparently sold out. The property is huge with us staying in the west wing. We had a view of the MGM and the San Remo, while my friends had a view of the Luxor &amp; Mandalay Bay. These rooms were unusually much smaller than the usual Motel 6s I've visited previously. The bathroom had a tub and shower. There is NO room to towel or dry off. I honestly don't know how 2 people could fit in this room. I'd stay here again, but not for $75 a night - way overpriced.	
Aug 26 2004	Good quality/price ratio		
Aug 15 2004	Small rooms dated but not bad		
May 2 2004	What a find!		
Apr 30 2004	Incredible value convenient parking good location		
Apr 18 2004	We new it would stink but it was still way overpriced!		
Apr 2 2004	You get what you pay for		
Mar 30 2004	Good value for the money!		
Oct 2 2003	Kudos to the MOTEL 6		
Apr 11 2003	Motel 6 Clean and close to the strip. 		
Jun 12 2002	Value for Money-Six of the Best		
Oct 28 2009 	Meilleur rapport qualité prix!		
Aug 2 2009 	Für kurzen Aufenthalt gut		
Oct 3 2008 	Bon rapprt qualité prix		
Jul 22 2008 	pas cher bien placé		
Sep 27 2007 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix		
