	Worse hotel experience ever	Stayed at Trop in October. Room was called a &quot;garden room&quot;. Checked in and took the elevator down! Room was on ground floor. Sliding glass door led to parking lot. Questioned my safety staying in this room. Oldest hotel room I have ever stayed in (and I have stayed in some seedy places). Beds were disgusting, slept with my clothes on. Bed was so old it sunk in the middle. Stains on mattresses. Mold in bathroom.Was upgraded the next day after I told them I would be checking out (was staying 2 nights in Vegas).Magic show at Trop is circa 1984. Buffet is good.Would not stay here again.	
Nov 25 2009 	Would definitely stay here again	Some other reviews call this hotel worn. It is one of the older hotels in Vegas, but the service is great and we got an upgrade from a garden room to a suite with a jaccuzzi - nice!!! Location is great for seeing all the sights and catching the monorail. The pool area was closed, but it was too cold anyway.	
Nov 18 2009	Simple 	The hotel is undergoing renovations which are sorely needed. My room was old &amp; tired but clean and comfortable. I found the staff to be very friendly and accomodating, which is worth more to me than having a dozen restaurants. Really, you can only eat at one at a time anyway. Nobody goes to Vegas to stay put in their own hotel anyway. You can find foods, shopping, parties, clubs and entertainment just a short walk for anywhere The magic show with Dirk Arthur was great, the shops were nice. Overall the hotel was simple &amp; pleasant, a nice place to go back to after the flash &amp; hustle of everywhere else on the strip. The only thing I didn't like was no coffee maker in the room, but that seems to be a common thing in Vegas.	
Nov 17 2009 	Tropicana stay with Liz in '05	We really enjoyed our clean, spacious room &amp; our ideal situation at the very end of the strip. The only thing that creeped me out a little was that there were no opening windows. I understand why the big, tall hotels have sealed windows, but it still bothers me.	
Nov 8 2009 	We had a blast for our 25th wedding anniversary!	We stayed in the Island Tower, which had a big room with a great view of the strip. The shows were excellent. Extreme Magic, Hypnosis Unleashed and the incredibly fun and entertaining Soprano's Dinner were all right there! My husband even got to be the new Mob Boss! We had an easy walk to the MGM and NY NY. The gardens and pool were beautiful and it was fun to lay out in the sun in the relaxed, easy going atmosphere. The buffet was good, and the Lobster dinner deal was delicious. Great sandwiches at the Player's Deli. Enjoyed shopping at the Trop Shops, lots of variety! The staff was friendly and ready to help. Room service wasn't so good. Otherwise it was a great deal if you like a relaxed atmosphere and some old time Vegas charm!	
Nov 6 2009 	The perfect storm: Las Vegas' incredible Superdump.	I've stayed at many types of properties in LV, from the luxurious to the downright seemy, but I've never seen anything quite like this. I figured, at the reasonable price, this aging but venerable property would deliver a not-so hip but passable stay, after all, with a classic name, surely they have a reputation to uphold, right? Wrong. As you enter the the depressing lobby, you'll notice signs posted all around: &quot;Next time you visit us, your room will look like THIS...&quot; There is a pretty rendering of a modern suite, the future of Tropicana. The problem is, apparently a key part of their reno plan is to completely let the place go and abandon customer service and housekeeping standards, surpassing the dump-factor maintained by fleabag hotels scattered around town and achieving some kind of supercritical assmass. As the depressing casino dazzles you with its flourescent lighting and occasional burnt-out bulbs, you'll be even more impressed with the smell in the room, a few months worth of film on your window, an unsoakable tub, dirty tile, and dazzling view of a silver tar roof, covered in roofing debris and buckets, and, oh yeah, a roofer. A foot from my window. The whole stay. If you don't count &quot;The Player's Deli,&quot; which is a cafeteria awash in fluorescent light fit for a condemned hospital, there is only one restaurant: &quot;Bacio&quot; the Italian restaurant, is essentially some tables set up in a hallway, overlooking the shuttered steakhouse. And the food is not good, but you knew that. A neighboring guest had placed a spent room service meal on the hallway floor for pick-up. It was there at 6pm. And 8pm. and 10, midnight, 1, 9am, 10am, 11am, noon, and finally when the housekeeping lady came around to trip over it. It was like an opportunity to study the dynamics of decomposition on a body farm, just steps from my door. Very educational and sanitary. Every aspect of service was dismal, complete with getting a little extra attitude while i waited 20 minutes for my &quot;Cafe Cubano.&quot; Upon checkout, the dying resort gave us an opportunity for a majestic crescendo of dissatisfaction by simply not manning the checkout desk, and all of my fellow survivors en queue began to rumble and share experiences. Needless to say we were all amazed at how celestially bad our experiences were. One lady said there was ranch dressing all over her bathroom mirror at check in. I hope to God that was ranch dressing, lady. A couple things have to line up to provide this level of hospitality horror, and in this case, a spring 2010 renovation, and the decision to say &quot;f%#k em&quot; in the mean time, create a truly unique experience. Avoid like rabies. Come to think of it, i wonder if the guy in the hardhat outside my window was rigging explosive demolition charges. God i hope so.	
Nov 4 2009 	This place is a dump!	We recently stayed at the Tropicana as part of the AARP convention. This place is a dump. The restaurant was closed, the bars were closed, and the room was awful and dirty. On top of that, they over charged my credit card afterwards and it is not easy to get them to fix it. This place needs to be torn down........	
Nov 3 2009	Rotten	The first and only night my daughter and I stayed at the Tropicana on the strip it was the most awful place we stayed on our 3000 mile road trip. We paid $180.00 to stay for the night, went to the casino to gamble for awhile and returned to our room for the night, at about 1:00 am, when we got to our room the electronic room key didn't work, my daughter asked for a security person to let us in, we waited for almost 2 hours for someone to let us in, at 2:30, when we were both asleep, someone pulled the fire alarm, it went off for 20 minutes before someone finally turned it off... Enough, all around bad place to stay... I won't be staying there ever again....	
Nov 3 2009 	If you have a budget but want a good location stay at Tropicana	Tropicana is in a good location and is good if your on a budget. Its connected to the MGM Grand and Excalibur. The hotel inside is a little outdated. The Casino is a pretty good size, but there is not much going on as far as bars, and there are no clubs. The rooms need renovation in my opinion, and there was no pressure in the showerhead, but like I said, if your on a budget but want a good location, Tropicana is good for that.	
Nov 3 2009	Old but good price	The place was OLD. but the rate was good and it was close to the strip	
Nov 2 2009 	Perfect location great price yet so much room for improvement	This is a pretty good hotel if you want a great location for a small price; the hotel itself is visibly old and not as well taken care of as it could be. When I first arrived I was even a little grossed out by the carpets, as well as the windows, that look like they haven't been washed in years at the very least. Hotel amenities like shops and restaurants are limited, though Excalibur, Luxor and NY NY are close enough if you need more options. Still, I think I'd rather pay a little bit more and stay at a nicer place and not worry about never taking my shoes off in my hotel room as much as I did this trip.	
Oct 30 2009 	Horrible....Can't believe they are still open	Couldn't believe it....rooms were gross, dirty, bedding stained, walls dirty, bathroom with broken tiles, missing grout, just awful to say the least. Poor service if any at all. Couldn't get a drink to save your life. Drab atmosphere. Pool wasn't open. Buffet was terrible. Spa was closed. Fitness area was closed. It was almost like the place was closing there doors right under us. We checked out 1 hour after checking in.	
Oct 27 2009 	BE CAREFUL WHICH SECTION YOU STAY	We stayed in this hotel for a taekwondo competition and it was terrible. They gave us a room in the old section of the resort in a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room and as soon as we walked in the room we could smell the years of smoke accumilated. The carpet was discustingly stained and dirty. The bathroom was black with mold ALL OVER. The furniture was broken and we were afraid to even touch anything. We had to go request another room and after much trouble were finally moved into a normal hotel room, not a suite or anything of the sort, but atleast it was clean. Just be careful when booking to not go with the cheapest because it will most likely be in this section out of a halloween movie.	
Oct 27 2009 	Not Worth It	I was in Vegas for a little while, and wanted to try a lower priced hotel to ease my pocketbook, than staying at a fancier hotel/casino again. The first problem occurred, when I got to the hotel and the price for the room was like $9 more than what the lady on the phone told me it'd be, because of their &quot;resort fee&quot;..... I stayed in the supposed &quot;newly renovated&quot; rooms... The only thing that seemed renovated to me where the hallways and spaces by the elevators, which were glamorous. So I was shocked when I entered the room and it looked dirty and old. The carpet looked dirty and their were stains on it. The room didn't smell good either. The bathtub and shower head seemed outdated as well. The TV was so SMALL, that you could not really make out the picture from the bed... Also, there was a Door connecting to another room next to mine. It felt unsafe because the door was really old and the deadbolt lock seemed really small...Also, you could hear everything the other people in that room were doing... The only thing there I liked was the fact that they had a fridge in the closet (although being small..), b.c not enough hotels have fridges anymore.Also, the casino area was very trashy feeling. I paid like $76 with taxes each night to stay there.The most I'd ever pay to stay there again would be like $18 or less.	
Oct 22 2009 	Started off bad but ended good.	When we first got there we were extremely disappointed because for the same price we could have stayed in a much nicer hotel, and that was after we were supposedly &quot;upgraded&quot;. The rooms we had (we had rented a total of 3 rooms because there were 3 couples going) were almost roach motel material: extremely ugly, dirty tubs, and a/c didn't work. One of the people I traveled with decided to talk to the manager and see if we could either get moved into a new room or get a refund and we would just go to another hotel. After expressing her complete disgust with the manager we were all moved to the newer part of the hotel (they are in the process of renovating but it will not be complete for another year) which was a lot nicer and more to our liking. So, although the stay started off completed bad, it ended better but we had to complain in order to received a better room without paying the difference. Overall, I think next time I would stay at a different hotel, especially if it is going to be the same price.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great price 	We stayed here because we wanted to be on the strip but were on a budget. It's really dated and not one of the Casinos you'd choose to eat, drink or hang out in, but rooms and big and nice and clean and it's in a great spot.We didn't want to go to Las Vegas and stay in our hotel/casino so it was perfect for us. We were out all day and night and just needed somewhere to crash. Having said that, it was quite nice and great pool area.Unless you are looking for somewhere palatial and want to spend all your time in the hotel, there is no reason you wouldn't stay here.	
Oct 19 2009 	Oct Trip 09	The hotel seemed to be a bit shabby, BUT they are doing a revamp, remodel. So I think in the future it will be nice. Rooms were slightly shbby but the beds were comfortable, and lighting good. Plenty of linen and when ask for extra pillows, got them in no time.	
Oct 19 2009 	The Tropi-ghetto	We chose to stay at the Tropicana because of the great price for the location and because the pictures online didn't look too bad. I purposely didn't check here for reviews because I didn't want to know why it was so cheap. I'm giving the Tropighetto 3-stars because the staff was helpful (our big group all got moved together to the nicest tower at no cost), the price is awesome for the location, and the pool was pretty good (not crowded and easy to bring in friends not staying at the hotel). It wasn't too dirty, but everything you read about the need for an update is true. I just hope the update doesn't take away the kitch, just cleans/fixes the place up.	
Oct 19 2009 	A decent stay for the money.	Tropicana is located in the midst of the happenings on Las Vegas Blvd. The hotel itself is rather out-dated, but they are in the process of making upgrades. The rooms were decent. It accomodated three women comfortably. One thing that stands out is that the elevators come in record speed. I've stayed at other hotels on the strip and had to wait an enourmous amount of time for the elevators to come.	
Oct 12 2009 	Awesome and retro	We survived driving through bat country and stayed in a room in the Island Tower. The lobby looks as it did in the movies in the seventies, and the rooms look pretty old too, but its a great deal, and pretty neat. Lots of mirrors around/above the bed. great old fashioned cheesy Vegas experience.	
Oct 11 2009 	Better Off Sleeping On A Park Bench	My wife and I were Staying at the Monte Carlo and booked a room at the Tropicana for our Daughter &amp; Son-In-Law and 2 children to stay for just 1 night so they can visit us during our stay in Las Vegas.When they arrived they were given a Garden room which looked great on the website photos (Which were probably taken when they were first constructed).The rooms were dirty and the garden view was an alley way behind the hotel.I immediately contacted the hotel and they were moved to the Tower rooms which were not too much better.This casino hotel needs to be updated and given a complete makeover before the Board of Health shuts them down.My wife and I felt so bad that we didn't get them a room in the Monte Carlo or any other casino hotel on the strip.If your looking for a good stay at a good price go somewhere else and stay away from this dump....yes dump......	
Oct 10 2009 	good value for money	I stayed in this hotel with my husband this summer for our romantic vacation. Before I went there I read the reviews here and sort of concerned about the outdated construction of this place. But when we arrived, I felt that the old-fashioned room decorations turned out to be pretty interesting to me. The mirrors all around the bed, included on the ceilings, are very romantic and enjoyable. The location of this hotel is perfect. If you are planning a trip LV not specially for the fancy hotels but for the overall fun of the city, this hotel is a very good choice with a good value for your money.	
Oct 8 2009 	Some good some bad	The nice thing about this casino was that it was in a good location. They also had a nice pool and an arcade area fun for kids and adults. However, I felt the facility was not as well ventilated and &quot;smoke free&quot; in smoke free areas like some of the other casinos. Also, the tiles in the bathroom were practically falling apart on one part of the tub.	
Oct 8 2009 	Oldie but goodie	If you are simply looking for a place to sleep this is a great hotel. Cozy, comfortable and quiet!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Location Nice Pool Rooms ehh...	We spend 4 nights at the Tropicana. The location was right on the strip so that was really convenient and the pool was actually really nice and not too crowded. We stayed in the older part of the hotel (not the tower) so the rooms were older and you could tell that they were in need of remodeling. However, the room size was actually quite large and the room had all of the amenities required so we really could not complain as to the value for the money spent. Additionally, work out facilities were included in the hotel fees (mandatory $8 per day), which is not bad for Vegas, considering other resorts charge $20 per day to use their small, cramped work out facilities. Overall, a good value.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great for the price!	This hotel was an older one that really needs some updates but the room was clean and everyone at the hotel were friendly and helpful, good service too. The pool was great, lots of tropical ambiance...I would go back there if I was looking for a budget hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Value Great Pool Nice Staff New Owners!	Can't beat the price here compared to the others, the pool is fabulous and open all night, nice jacuzzi inside a cave too, 24 hr buffet but it needs to be revamped, new owners are in process of updating entire hotel! The bell mgr and staff are so so nice and will do whatever it takes to make your stay enjoyable, stay in tower room elevator is near bell desk, across from elevator is a bar where a nice lady serves coffee early in the morning, my room was very nice with a view of the strip stay on 22nd floor, they found me an electric chair to rent due to walking problem, it was great! and just outside hotel is the bus stop $7 for 24 hour pass goes up and down the strip, also free shuttle outside to Orleans and other hotels, plus free monorail outside to 3 hotels, wayne brady is filming the price is right there and it's free to go and be a contestant, it was a very enjoyable stay because of the great bell manager and staff, thanks you guys!!	
Oct 1 2009 	WOW What a view Great Pool Staff and more.......Xtreme Magic What more do you want in vacation!	I want to start off by saying: We are not special people and just researched more than our last trip 8 years ago to Vegas in the Summer. It was so hot we could have boiled crawfish in a pot outside the hotel with no fire under it......we timed this trip for the real fun of vegas and Tropicana. We just return from a great trip to the Tropicana...Get a fantastic deal during the construction peroid and speical times.. Call Gloria and Get the Ultimate Cool Deal while it last. They are starting a renovation and the pictures are in the VIP Lounge. My wife and I stayed in an Island room to have easy access to the pool area they gave us tickets to the Best Majic I have ever seen. Great Moments in Magic” Xtreme Magic starring Dirk Arthur&quot;hen we went outside and they were trying out a new Salsa Band and Dance Group. They were fanstastic. The coupon book from the player club has great things for the hotel. We also took in two more shows Fab 4 and V the Varity Show for 1/2 off. This was just like an all inclusive in Cancun. All the Staff are great! They help you and more. My wife left her sweater jacket on a chair one morning. Security had it wrapped and tagged. We knew the server in the area and gaming clerk and tipped them both. I never went thirsty- Cold water and juice for my wife and cold beer plus premium liquor form me. Everyone is so friendly to help.Got to see all the contestant for Let Make a Deal.. We did get an invitation to be in the audiance as a non contestant but had to much to see in three days. We would go in from the pool area to the restrooms and enjoy watching the contestants getting pumped up&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;I thought it was Mardi Gras in Houma/New OrleansI did not get the same treatment in the other mega casinos. In a day the staff all around knew our faces and helped us always. Take the taxi it is easier and less than the shuttles...plus you can leave and go back to the Airport on your schedule. Thanks to Jake we knew just what to do....the 7 dollar a day ride anywhere ticket is great. Jake can tell you where to catch and how to pay. We were early they checked our bags at the door and we came back once then our room was ready. Gloria said we would be happy with our view and WOW. We could have had a room when we arrived but were told just wait a liitle while and enjoy. They were right and waiting was enjoyable!Guess what! This our second time to Vegas and we won at the slots with the free startup monies. I also learned how to play Blackjack at $1 days at Shara and won there also. I should buy a lotto ticket quick in Texas and Louisiana. IView: The view from 1683 was fantastic.. WIW all night longPool: Five acre tropical island with waterfalls, adult area, birds, flowers, spas and much more. Music was great and the pool staff was very helpful. Plenty of lounge chairs and towels. Just ask and you recieve.Buffet: Eat for 24 hours for 24 bucks not per day as other places. Arrive early got buffet and then joined Tropicana club. Great Prme Rib, Different fish every meal, Shrimp etc. All kind of desserts-Sugar Free. The best pies and good cold milk. The tea is fanstastic.The chefs are friendly and all the buffet (The 3 Joses are great) They evern made a special Big Cajun Omlette for us and brought to our table with our fantastic pool view! How is this for personal service. Treat people well and you will recieve in life!Room: Very Clean and cooooooold. They put extra towels and bath mats. Big corner Shower and real bamboo furniture. ( Not the Laminate stuff)Gaming: Had a blast and got the see all the fun of the Lets Make a Deal. Just like Mardi Gras...Shows: Fantastic  I travel all the time for business and like to go someplace for holiday where the staff makes it enjoyable . Remember my wifes and I glass is always half full due to good planning and no surprises.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good deals and pleasant staff but old and stinking rooms	Tropicana is old and should have been closed for renovation long time ago. You might be kept awake at night by tellys and guests. The staff did their best to make our stay comfortable, but I hope that most people avoid this hotel, so they can close for renovation. They were due in the late 80's.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good value with decent location	The cheap price ($40) was the incitive to stay here on our 2 day trip through Vegas on our way to the Grand Canyon. After coming to the conclusion that it was just a place to sleep we booked this hotel instead of paying close to $100 for a better hotel. The location isn't in the center of the strip but that was fine with us since we had a rental car and could drive to the other parts of the strip easily.Checkin took less than 2 minutes but we didn't check in until 11pm so that probably had something to do with it, but it was very easy and the front desk was friendly. I already knew about the $8 per day hotel fee that isn't included in the initial room price so just be aware of that but my understanding is that all the hotels have some kind of 'daily use' fee and $8 wasn't too bad.The hotel is definitely dated but so are all the other discount hotels on the strip. Our room was a little cheesey with mirrors on the ceiling but it was clean and surprisingly quiet with it pretty much being right next to the airport. But it did start to smell like smoke the second day even though we were on a no smoking floor. I guess someone didn't follow that rule. We never once woke up to a plane during the night. The pool area was a nice getaway for the casino with lots of water features and a tropical environment. It's a great place to hang out, especially the swim up bar.We didn't gamble at the hotel but it stayed pretty busy. I will say it seemed like 90% of the guests were over 50 and with us being in our 20s it wasn't really the place to hang out and gamble but we just went across the street to the NY hotel and had fun over there. Overall if you're just looking for a place to sleep stay at the Tropicana and go have fun at some of the other hotels. I really enjoyed the pub bar at the NY hotel and also the dueling piano bar there as well. There's plenty to see and do in the nicer casinos but for the price you can't beat the Tropicana. We never ate at the hotel so I don't know how the food is, they definitely don't as many options as the larger hotels, but again, it's an easy walk to several hotels from the Tropicana.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good Value and Location	I stayed (Paradise Tower) here for a conference that was held at the MGM and saved a ton of money (~$100/night). The Paradise Tower is the building closest to the strip and you are literally steps away from the walk way to the MGM or Excalibur.My room was clean, adequate and had plenty of room. It still has a tube TV and some chips on the sink counter, so obviously not a 4 or 5 star establishment. The gym is open 7 to 7 and even had free weights and a Smith Machine. Good pool area. I didn't eat that the restaurants, since there are better options at the neighboring hotels. Overall if you're not planning to spend a lot of time in your hotel (example: guys road trip, business conference) this is a great place-walking distance to everything, cheap, clean. If you're looking to &quot;wine and dine&quot;, then look to spend more money at one of the more posh establishments.	
Sep 21 2009 	excellent value	I just loved it. we only spent 20 dollars a night and had a wonderfuld groundfloor-room facing the pool - 3 steps into the water; I loved swimming there alone in the middle of the night. The room had all it needed and I think you can`t beat the price, you really get a lot for your money.Of course it is not a 5 - star - hotel, but for a room like that you would spend ten times more in other cities.	
Sep 15 2009 	Old hotel and original staff	The Tropicana is in a great location, however the back tower was old and shabby. The front tower had nice rooms but the hotel over all was old and shabby. The majority of the staff had been there since it had opened, and the service was bad, except by the staff in the buffet. The staff that served for our banquet was terrible, the spilt drinks, hit people in the head with plates, all but threw the plates on the tables and were rude.	
Sep 11 2009 	a good place to be	Reading the many negative reviews I was truly concerned and then pleasantly surprised. Yes there were spots on the carpet, but the room was large and comfortable facing the Strip (you should take a room in one of the towers, the Garden Kabanas are old and lots of noise from the street). Service and cleaning was totally ok and given the low rate I just imagined how stupid people in the neighboring 5 star luxury temples would feel, if they only knew about this place.Check-in as well as check-out was fast and friendly. No queues neither in front of the counter, nor in front of the elevators. Yes one walks through the Casino; so what this is Las Vegas.The pool area is well kept and there is sun from 10.00 AM til evening and lots of really good music, life guards on duty and all.The only negative experience was the food. You have to buy a buffet for Breakfast and the quality is mediocre - so you better eat somewhere else.Summary: Good place to chill, gamble and sleep.	
Sep 10 2009 	Disappointed!	Have stayed at the Tropicana many times. Although we did get the room we requested and it was good, things are definately going downhill at the Trop! VIP is now closed, the coffee shop closed, garden cafe now moved and very small. We were told VIP is only open during slot tournaments - I played in a slot tournament while I was there!! They were supposedly installing a new computer system for the comps - I have no idea what they comped me. The cocktail waitresses are fantastic, room service very good - but they always have been. The hypnotist show was a joke, don't bother. The magic show is good. The buffet is really too expensive. I really like staying at the Trop, I sure hope they will straighten things up there. I am seriously considering finding another place. But I will say all employees I came in contact with were fantastic.....sure hope they are treated well!	
Aug 26 2009 	Ugh - old and dated	The staff are nice and it's close to the airport. Unfortunately, the Trop is really old and dingy. We were awakened each morning to the mudjacking crew trying to fix the foundation and kept awake each night by TVs and other guests's conversations through paper-thin walls. Tip the maids, Lord knows they're trying their best with a not a lot to work with. Oh, and watch out for the grizzled bartender named Drew; he's a crotchety and really should retire.Do yourselves a favor and stay someplace else.	
Aug 22 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	We checked in close to 4am in the morning after a grueling day's travel and picked up a large room with a wonderful full view of the Strip for less than $50 a night after all fees and taxes. My wife loved the pool area and I loved the cocktail service in the casino. Our room service breakfast order arrived in less than 10 minutes, which is blazing fast anywhere.Yes, the place seemed to be last decorated in the 70s and the carpets and walls were showing their age. Nonetheless, I have to admit kind of liked the unintentional retro feel of one of the oldest resorts on the Strip. The staff were all attentive and friendly, and that's a lot more than I can say for the aloof, impersonal service we've received at the Luxor, MGM, and Mandalay Bay properties. Did I mention it was $50 a night?	
Aug 14 2009 	Can't beat the location but needs a makeover	Our group finally decided to go on the group trip that we had been planning for well over a decade. The economic times put us on a budget, so when we found the Tropicana on Orbitz as part of a package deal we picked it up.As with most things you get what you pay for, but overall the Tropicana provided good value for the price. For a hotel on the Strip, you can't beat the location - close to the airport and with Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, New York New York, and MGM Grand all either within easy walking distance or a tram ride away.Our rooms were in the Island Tower, which is the farthest from the entrance to the casino. The beds were comfortable, though the decor was a bit dated with a bit of peeling wallpaper. In short, nothing fancy - kinda like a Holiday Inn with craps tables. When we were there, there were a few infrastructure problems - an escalator under repair, plus a problem with the elevator call buttons (you could only call an up elevator and might go for a ride in order to go down).As for the staff, though, the bell staff were very helpful. As for the housekeeping service: generally OK, except for the one night we came back to the room briefly at about 8 p.m. only to find the room had not been cleaned. We called the front desk before we left and found it cleaned when we got back. On the casino floor, we ran into some of the nicest craps dealers on our last day there.For our purposes, though, we were satisfied with the hotel. Overall, the Tropicana is a good choice for someone who thinks of the hotel as a place to sleep, and not necessarily a place to spend the day.	
Aug 12 2009 	Just a place to lay your head	We just came back from Vegas this past weekend and stayed at the Tropicana. I'd read all of the horror stories and was prepared for what I got: dirty carpets in the hallway, check. No A/C: check. But for the price we got a clean room and really, what more could you ask for? If you're hanging out in your room while in Vegas you're doing it wrong. Could have done without the girl in the casino restroom crying on a toilet while her friend screamed at her for overdoing it on coke. Okay, it was funny.	
Aug 7 2009 	Enjoyed Our Stay	We too were leary after reading some of the reviews. We stayed in Paradise Tower and found it clean and comfortable. There was never a problem getting to and from the 17th floor. We only ate breakfast there so can only speak of the Garden Cafe and it was good every time. We enjoyed the pool area as well. My only negatives are no Pai Gow and we like playing that, and like the other places we went the slots were very tight. The price was great and we would return.	
Jul 27 2009 	Give the Tropicana a chance	I was very leery after reading some reviews here, but I am so glad I went ahead and stayed here. The price was right, and the location is fabulous. Yes, the hotel is a bit dated, but heck, it's one of the original hotels on the strip. The staff is fabulous, from the front desk people, to the housekeepers, to the lifeguards, to the casino staff and security. A few pieces of duct tape on the carpet isn't a whole big thing to me...after all...how many people walk on that carpet every day? My room was VERY clean, the bed was perfect, everything worked. The pool alone was worth the stay. If you are used to being pampered in perfect surroundings, then stay elsewhere. If you want a nice, cheap hotel right on the strip with access to everything, then stay here. I know that I will be staying at the Tropicana the next time I go to Vegas. My last time two years ago...I stayed at the Luxor. Nice place, but I got the same Vegas experience for MUCH cheaper staying at the Tropicana, and the pool was better...hands down.	
Jul 23 2009 	You only need to read this review	I read all the other reviews before booking the Tropicana.. I am glad they did not scare me away.. This place was great.. Upgraded us for free to the towers and also gave us a strip view room the last three days just by asking.. Perfect location on the strip by the nice expensive hotels.. We spent most the days by the hugh pool where the lifeguards were friendly the pool boys would bring you towels and the waitressed would bring you stiff drinks... Don't be afraid to give the &quot;Trop&quot; a try..	
Jul 21 2009 	RELAXING	I kind of got scared when I read some of the reviews. But my experience turned out not to be so bad. But it was my first time there. I will return.	
Jul 17 2009 	Don't Worry... it was GREAT!	We were at the Tropicana from July 7 thru 10th. After reading the reviews on here we were very worried that it would be a total dump...but we were pleasantly surprised that it was actually a really nice hotel - and I'm a complete hotel snob!ALL of the staff we interacted with were incredibly friendly and helpful. Our room on the 18th floor of the Island Tower was CLEAN, ie: NO bedbugs and had a brand new and very comfy mattress! Yeah, the decore is a bit dated, gotta love the bamboo mirrors on the ceiling...but it wasn't as bad as people make it out to be on tripadvisor. Ok, so there was a bit of tape on occasional spots on the carpet in the main walkways, but at least we weren't tripping over frayed carpet! The hotel was built in the 1950's and has a great, cheezy Vegas charm to it. The bartenders were awesome, especially Jason and Lorenzo. We had a great time hanging out with them! The pool was awesome as well!!!I've stayed at the Monte Carlo and Luxor in Vegas before and the Tropicana topped both these hotels in service and comfort. We will DEFINETLY be staying here again!!!	
Jul 16 2009 	A classic in need of some updating and upkeep	In one of the hallways at the Tropicana, there are pictures of Vegas from the Late 50's and early 60's, and the Tropicana was there. You can even recognize some of the building today amid the towers and the newer pool. To me, that added to my stay at the Tropicana. This Classic hotel is in major need of an update. It seems like every hallway has a different set of doors or decor. This is Vegas of the past. This is not the Vegas of New York New York, or the Venician or Paris etc. etc. The Tropicana is part of the kitchy, glitzy, cheap neon fun Vegas, where you by 3 Tshirs for $10.00. My room was at the Island Tower. When I walked in, I chuckled and had a wide grin on my face. The Bed had a &quot;Ceiling Mirror&quot; As a 44 year old male, I felt transported to a time when I was 10 and I would overhear Adults talk about the &quot;bad&quot; Vegas, where people went to do Adult things. To top it off, it was decorated like disco was still king. I have to say that the room was clean and the staff I came in contact with was very friendly. If this was not the Tropicana, I would have told you to Run and Run fast. But it is a Classic, and take it for what it is.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice pool....unfortunately that's about all.	Stayed here only one night based on the pictures of the pool on the internet. Was checked in by a right wing political preacher....got to the room and found the floor had garbage from previous guests and wet stains on it. Went to the bathroom.....no soap. View was nice through dirty windows.... ventured to the pool which was pretty happening! went out for the evening and returned to find our door wide open as it didn't latch properly! Luckily everything was intact. Next day went to leave and all 3 outer elevators weren't working. Couldn't wait to get outta here! Not worth the $50.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location cheap and friendly	My partner and I stayed here for one night. The room was large with a balcony and with views of the pool. We were allowed to check in at 10 am which was a real bonus as we were told 2 pm. Having been in alot of the other hotels we thought this hotel was a good standard. The pool was lovely. As we did not spend alot of time in the room the cost of $30 was a brill price. Parking was really easy and no extra charge.	
Jul 11 2009 	You get what you pay for	This was our fourth stay at the Trop. It has an ideal location on the strip, minutes walk away from all of the big casinos and only a short (cheap) cab ride from the airport.The MGM monorail is just across the road, giving access all the way up to the Sahara.Rates are very good for what is essentially a place to put your head and have a shower. If you are after a spa resort, excellent room service, in hotel dining and a place where you don't have to leave the hotel, then don't stay at the Trop!If you are after a budget, centre strip hotel with good pool, then this is the place for you.We do not recommend the buffet - just walk across to Excalibur which has a fantastic breakfast or great &quot;eat all day&quot; deal.Dirk Arthur's Extreme Magic really has to be seen to be believed! If you win free tickets, or get given tickets with your room, then you get what you pay for!!!!! If you want to kill an hour in a run down theatre whilst some pretty average magic is performed, or you watch a video on preserving endangered big cats, then go for it!!In summary, don't go to the Trop with major expectations. Go for what it is. Excellent value, excellent location, and do everything else in other hotels on the strip!	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfect!	I have stayed in many hotels on the strip. The Trop is a classic and was perfect for us. It wasn't overwhelmingly huge (MGM) or pretentious (Bellagio). The staff was soooo friendly. The Garden Cafe had delicious food! We were upgraded without even asking to a room in the Island tower. The room was spotless and very nice. We needed help twice (once with the wireless Internet and once b/c our key somehow demagnitized) and we were helped immediately. The pool attendants were so friendly and helpful. I would go back in a heartbeat. Wonderful experience! Thank you Tropicana staff!	
Jul 8 2009 	You get what you pay for!	All I can say is that it's one of the cheapest hotels on the strip....and it's also pretty rundown. We even upgraded to a tower room (hate to see what the garden rooms looked like!!) and was still disappointed on how the room was maintained. They haven't put any money into this place in a very long time. Very old furniture, carpet, etc. So if you just want a cheap place to crash on a good location of the strip, than this is a great place to recommend (otherwise expect to shell out a lot more money). We didn't spend much time in our rooms anyways so might stay here again to save money (plus we earned comps for next trip). The casino was actually pretty decent. We received great cocktail service our first day there.	
Jul 8 2009 	Got What I paid for	Price, location, and hotel pool were key to our decision to stay at the Tropicana. On those key points, they delivered. Other than the rate per night, there are no other deals or incentives in the casino, restaurants or bars. We were hoping, as guests, to eat shop and gamble where we stayed but ultimately did not spend a dime. &quot;White Southerners&quot; will not do well there.The room was adequate and view was nice in the Island Tower. Elevator issues plagued us for much of the stay. When walking from elevators to the casino you will walk down a long hallway of kiosk shops and salespeople that will ultimately make you find a different route. Use the side door from parking lot. The pool is very nice. They also offer an adult pool with a nice waterfall that drowns the noise from the larger pool. It is very close the the Island tower so it is very accessable. There are good and bad points at the Trop like most places. If you temper your expectations, you will enjoy your stay.	
Jul 6 2009 	NEVER AGAIN	We booked our reservations at the Tropicana in April. We decided to pay the additional money to upgrade our reservations to the Paradise Tower. Three days before we were scheduled to leave, I sent an e-mail to confirm our reservation (something I learned to do to avoid disappointment) and discovered the Paradise Tower was closed for renovations and we would be moved to the Island Tower. I called customer service but the only thing they could do was give us a $10 per night credit. Based on the condition of the rooms in the Island Tower, we decided to stay elsewhere. We will never stay at the Tropicana again!	
Jun 30 2009 	VALUE VALUE VALUE!!! Not the nicest but DANG: VALUE!	While on a long and gruesome road trip with 6 friends, we stayed at the Luxor on Thursday night...Which was fine...but got expensive when we wanted to extend our stay on Friday night. We called the Tropicana and got a super great value for Friday night, which was $120 for a room with two doubles. So we tread over to the hotel, and the check-in process was absolutely amazing! I work in a hotel, so I have high expectations, and was VERY pleased with our staff member, Kimberlee (try to catch her!). She hooked us up with an awesome room with a garden view, next to the PRIVATE pool, ground floor with a patio, two double beds, PLUS a large sofa bed, and a HUGE room!!! Large bathroom too! She was super nice, we had an AWESOME stay, the pool is incredible (lots of yummy young guys floating around, hehe) and we all slept very well. So the Tropicana isn't the Wynn, but for being ON the strip and getting that kind of value and service...who is complaining?	
Jun 29 2009 	never again	On June 26th 2009 I stayed in the Tropicana. When I made my reservation I had to rant and rave just to get a non-smoking room. Finally I was able to get a Non-Smoking room after 20 minutes! When I got to my room(which I believe was room 4104) was on the bottom level on the garden tower. This room had only two lamps for light, and only one lamp worked. Since it was on the bottom level, there was a sliding door with a small patio which looked like it had not been cleaned in a year or so with cigarette butts, trash, and sandbags all over the ground. The room faced the back of a building with no view. When I tried to connect with Wifi I was told that my floor did not get it. To top it off, one of the beds had a disposable razor head between the sheets. There were long hairs all over the bathroom floor, and a few on the towels. It looked like this room had not been rented out or cleaned for months. It was absolutely disgusting. Needless to say, we checked out early the next day and stayed somewhere else. I feel absolutely ripped off for paying what I did for that dump. I will never stay there again.	
Jun 28 2009 	nothing special	Basic hotel but i have to say it has got everything around it. It is also in the middle of the strip so when you look out of your window you have got tall and amazing architectors.A bit dated It is one of the only hotel &amp; casinos on the strip to have a indoor swimming pool wich is useful if your going in the winter but useless in the summer because they also have a outdoor pool. the ppol is massive it runs threwout the hotel grounds.	
Jun 26 2009 	worst hotel ever!!!!!	the hotel is VERY old and dirty! carpet is worn,old and taped throughout the hotel. the restaurants are awful. they actually served moldy food at players deli and at the garden deli they served watered down orange juice and didn't melt the cheese on a cheese omelet i ordered. food service at legends was VERY slow but food was ok there. the management is awful!!! (which explains why it's such a terrible hotel). our keys for our rooms didn't work on 3 different occasions and hotel staff told us it was because we had different reservations (we stayed in the same room the whole time and they knew that!) each time we had to walk all the way down to the front desk and waste a lot of time (walking and getting new keys) all to find out our keys wouldn't work again 2 more times! someone puked outside our room in the hallway (we told housekeeping and management more than once) and it was never fully cleaned up. one elevator didn't work. our toilet seat in our room was broken. the elevators STINK terribly! when i complained on several occasions about all of this (while i was accommodated in many ways) the problems still remained. all in all the absolute worst hotel i've ever stayed at. stay at the excalibur across the street for basically the same price for a much better hotel. spread the word.........DO NOT STAY AT THE TROPICANA EVER!!!!!!! save your money and hassle and stay somewhere else. trust me it's worth staying somewhere else!!	
Jun 24 2009 	terrible tropicana	carpets with tape on them in the casino-- toilets in the casino very basic and more importantly --the pit bosses are in no way friendly and totally disinterested in the punters having a good time which i thought was the objective when trying to lure tourists to your hotel --as for the reputation about giving the best comps i think you will find that is a totall myth--i was with someone who stayed there a couple of times before and they gave him a free room which is standard anyway in vegas once you get a players card and are prepared to gamble for a few hours each evening but they also said they would make my room complimentary as i had a players card from two years ago if i was to re-use it which i did --we both gambled quite a lot --5 hours each per night and we put 400 dollars in extras on the rooms accounts in the belief (from previous vegas visits to tropicana) that it would be complimentary as we gambled a lot of money relatively speaking and when we checked out they did not have the figures correct for what amount of time we were gambling and the amount and then basically told my friend that my room was part of his complimentary extras which is fine but it means they gave me then no credits for gambling which i didnt have to do and he got no extras for his gambling time/money which he didnt have to do as we could have eaten and gambled elsewhere.--staff on reception were totally inefficient and frustrating to deal with even though we had vip check-in through my friend. He will never stay there again and he goes to vegas 4 times a year as he lives in the states and i will never stay there either when i visit vegas -- the rooms in fairness are clean in the tower areas but the decor carpet and curtains are depressing in all rooms --my final advice is stay somewhere better get a players card and you will get the same comps if your prepared to gamble ---if your not gambling just pay a bit extra and enjoy a better hotel.	
Jun 15 2009 	Show	We, did not stay at the tropicana and never will. I was very upset to pay 369.00 for so called vip tickets to the Sopranos show, we were lied to and did not received everything which was stated in the discription for the vip tickets, tickets were bought in advance and they were also a birthday gift. Tickets, were not in the computer ,then four tickets which we thought were all four reservations were for only two we had to go back again for the other two, the show started before we were taken to our seats which were general admission seats then we were lied to they said we had to have been there 1hour before the show and I had my e-mail confirmation stating we could not pick up tickets no earlier then 6:30 p.m and the show started at 7:00 anyway show was good of what we could see for 369.00 dollars sitting in the very back of the room with a big pole blocking our view would not recommend this hotel for anything. Thank you	
Jun 12 2009 	Great older hotel. Friendly staff good food best pool in Las Vegas.	Our room was spacious and the tub was huge -- could almost swim in it. It was nice to have a refrigerator. The pool area was fantastic. Waterfalls (that you can walk under), hot tubs hidden away, and an island to swim to. The pool alone is worth the visit. The food in the steak house was exceptional and was reasonably priced. The 24 hour cafe had great views and good breakfasts. There is a massive stained glass ceiling over part of the casino that is definitely Old Las Vegas. I liked it so much, I'm using it as my &quot;name&quot;.My only concern is that the televisions in the rooms are small and ancient -- needs upgraded. Also, it does not have 24 hour room service.	
Jun 8 2009 	Moth Infestation	I stayed in the garden view rooms. There were about 3 or 4 live moths in the room. Naturally, I called the front desk and asked to be moved. I walked down to the lobby and got a set of keys. They moved me to another room in the same area. Not surprisingly, that room also had several moths. Called and walked back to the front desk. This time they &quot;upgraded&quot; us to the tower room. No moths, but it was very worn. Shower was cracked and a bit dirty. The next morning as we were loading up the car, a swarm of moths flew towards us. I will not be staying at the Tropicana in the future.	
Jun 6 2009 	Much better than expected/feared	After reading some reviews, I was a bit concerned about this hotel, especially the Garden Rooms. When I arrived at about 8pm, I was upgraded to the Island Tower for free with an apology (?) I was on the 5th floor, but still had a great view of the airport, Luxor and Mandalay Bay. My only complaint is the fact that the air conditioning was insufficient during the afternoon. It was about 95 degrees outside and about 79 degrees inside. This problem resolved itself when the sun went down and the room cooled to about 74 degrees. The bathroom was perfect. The bathtub was huge and the water pressure was strong when using the shower. The casino itself, I admit, is old looking and becomes half-empty by about 11pm. Using the monorail is a good idea, and it is easy to get to if you take the escalator by the &quot;Lucky $20&quot; promotion onto the pedestrian walk to the MGM Grand. The Garden Cafe has the best meatloaf (wrapped in bacon). The Garden area is amazing and surrounds two pools and three hot tubs. At one point I was in a hot tub watching a bird build a nest in a tree. The main pool opens rather late, around 9am, but you can walk through the garden area before then. The Garden rooms seem to have stairwells that lead directly into the garden/pool area, so I could see that actually being a plus. Overall, the experience was great. If you are on a tight budget, I would highly recommend spending an evening or two visiting the casinos and gift shops on Freemont Street. For example, a bottle of water at the Tropicana: $2-3. On Freemont street: 2 for $1. The free concerts on Freemont Street at night aren't bad either.	
Jun 3 2009	Terrible Terrible Terrible	My sister and I took our mom to vegas for Mothers Day. We had stayed in the Tropicana in Atlantic City before so we thought for the price and being on the strip we would stay here. BAD JUDGEMENT. Check in and sent to the Island Towers. Room was muscky smelling, beds were awful. We went back to the front desk and asked for another room. No better than the first one. We asked to be put on another tower and was told this is the newest one. We checked out and went to New York, New York. I know this hotel is old but updates are definitely needed. But then thats the old saying &quot;:You get what you pay for&quot; and we did. Unless they do some serious upgrades add a few dollars and stay some place else.	
Jun 2 2009 	Decent hotel if you are looking for somewhere cheap	Our first room was very dirty, broken doors and headboard, and shower drain did NOT work at all. Standing water almost immediately. We were upgraded to a much nicer, cleaner room with a patio. Hotel elevators were terrifyingly small and very very slow. We opted to take the stairs for most of our stay. The pool was beautiful and the casino was pleasant and never crowded. We didn't have any of the food while we were there.	
May 27 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	This hotel needs some repairs. Our room was clean and the price was very economical. We also felt the location was good since it is easy to get on and off the strip from I-15. We have stayed at several other Las Vegas Strip hotels. This one has the largest and best pool compared to Treasure Island, Monte Carlo &amp; others. The room was nothing fancy but we don't go to Las Vegas to stay in our hotel room since there is so much to do.	
May 27 2009 	Nice cheap midweek not smoky rooms	We loved this hotel for the $40 or so we paid for a midweek room. The room was huge with a hot tub and nice views of the strip. Because the rooms are in a different tower to the casino it was not smoky either. The pool was really nice but the famous blackjack table wasn't open. There were also no shallow areas for the baby. The grounds were lovely.	
May 21 2009 	Just stay somewhere else	The Tropicana is one of the oldest hotels on the strip. It has alot of rooms, but it needs updating. It seems geared towards those interested in cutting expenses, but for those who are, there are other hotels that are nicer, and nearby.	
May 21 2009 	Worth it to upgrade to another hotel	This hotel is in some serious need of renovations. My girlfriend and I stayed at the Tropicana for a weekend because it looked like a great value given its location on the strip. Well, all it really has going for it is the location. The room was old, dirty feeling, and in poor condition. The shower had probably not been upgraded since the hotel was built. The A/C unit sort of worked, but the room felt very damp and humid the entire time. There are definitely better values on the strip, and I would spend a little extra money next time instead of staying here.	
May 20 2009 	Not a bad deal but not that great either.	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this place is more historic than good.I like the pool a lot. That's the main reason I stayed here. It has a section of the pool that is indoor.If you get a room, get a tower room. The other rooms are dumpy.There's not really a big reason to stay here, but if you got a tower room, I don't think you'd be disappointed. If you are staying here because of its history, stay at the Flamingo.	
May 20 2009 	Mirrors on the ceiling.....endless entertainment!	Hotel Tropicana is a place to remember! It's old school through and through. Perfect for stag and hen parties but not so much for families and honeymooners.The food on site is as poor as most of Las Vegas but the pool is cracking and the rooms are a good size. The location is fantastic and right in the middle of where you need to be. It is not the best hotel in the area and probably in the bottom three but it has character and can cater for all your needs. If you're looking for luxury, well...you're looking at the wrong hotel!	
May 19 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised - Great Value - Great Staff	We were concerned after reading all the poor reviews after we booked a room, but pleasantly surprised and satisfied by our experience at the Trop. We booked a mid week stay for $41 + taxes per night. The check-in was fast, and our reservation for a non-smoking room was correct. The desk clerk was friendly and helpful, as were all employees we had contact with: housekeepers, servers, pool attendants, and cashiers. Our room was on the third floor of the Island tower. The room and bath were spacious and clean. No noise from adjoining rooms. Adequate room lighting. The mirrored ceiling was..... different. Sure, this is a dated property that might need some refurbishing, but it was NOT rundown. Maybe conditions in the older motel-style units with balconies are different, so you might ask for a tower room. The pool was clean, parking was easy, the buffet was good. We certainly got our money's worth for a two night stay!	
May 12 2009 	Old School All The Way! Balcony Too	Whenever I am in Vegas in the Spring or Fall, I stay at the Trop. The Garden rooms location are awesome. Easy parking and you can slip into the hotel without going thru the Casino. Easy access to everything esp. if you are driving! The garden is 60 years old and worth every pitfall of the rooms. the beds are comfortable and there is nothing like sleeping with the doors open and listening to the birds and waterfalls. I always go to Walgreens by the MGM and buy a small coffee pot for 9$. The Coffee Bar there changed it hours to 9-5 instead of the previous 7am-10pm. The plumbing is poor, the drapes need cleaning and the decks need powerwashing. I still stay tho, its so worth it and so cheap. Walking is a breeze to the other casinos. I can't help but be reminded of the old vegas, perhaps the 60's, when it all just started, just being there. thats what i love about the trop. PS the Spa has closed also. that was a disappointment	
May 11 2009 	Bad rooms Economically priced	The hotel is supposedly legendary but it seems that is only a legend &amp; far from reality... the rooms are not kept well (I even found insects in my room)... the casino is in no great shape... Compared to other hotels on the strip, it really looked like a downgrade place... However cost wise it is quite economical &amp; if you just want to have a room that is on the strip where you can simply doze off after losing all your money on the strip, you will not be dissapointed with Tropicana... we saw a magic show in the hotel and yes that was quite interesting... but seriously... if you are planning to visit Vegas once in a life time, i would reccomend that you make it memorable &amp; dont stay here.... However if you are the kinds who visits Vegas often &amp; would rather spend on the gambling &amp; the shows and who also wants to be on the strip &amp; not in a shady motel, then this is your place...	
May 8 2009 	"Classic" Vegas great location fiendly staff great price...	Was here for 4 nights, in the 5000 block of rooms. The room was about $50 plus an additional $8 for a 'resort fee'. I was attending a conference at the MGM - which is right next door. MGM room rate was almost $200/night. The room I had was pretty big by today's standard and there was even a little balcony. The room was a bit dated and clearly well used - but apart from some stains on the carpet it was pretty clean. No in room fridge, no working in room safe, but there was an iron &amp; ironing board. The staff is very nice - I was traveling with some expensive computer gear and was able to check it with the bell staff when I was not in my room. The Lounge is nice, they even have Guinness on tap. Bottom line, Tropicana is old Las Vegas and it feels/looks like it. But the room was a great price, and you can't beat the location.	
May 7 2009 	Great location but needs to be updated.	We upgraded to the Island Tower from the Garden Rooms. The room was a very long walk from the casino and extremely outdated. The bed was uncomfortable, the sheets were scratchy and the carpet was filthy. The bathroom was just ok, but if you are taller then 5ft, you'll never be able to take a shower. Also that whole part of the hotel has a musty smell, especially our room. There was a fire alarm scare at 5am, which was pretty un-nerving! We stayed there because the price was unbeatable for a place on the strip, but I probably won't stay again unless they can guarantee me a room that has been upgraded in at least the last 20 years at a very low price. We never ate at any of their establishments and the casino is very small.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Experience for the Money	I want to give a good perspective of the good and bad of staying at the Tropicana, as I was very concerned after reading the reviews online. Overall, I had a great experience, but you have to know what to expect. I had a Garden room overlooking the gardens and pool area, on the second floor (two beds, non smoking):Positives:1) Gardens, Pool and gym are beautiful and well maintained.2) I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. In the casino, the dealers were experienced and friendly and you can generally find low limit tables ($5).3) The café was great, the buffet was not (go across to Excaliber from 2-6pm for 2 for 1 dinner buffet - very good and about $18 for two for dinner)4) Location is super – right on the “4 square” with MGM, New York, Excaliber, and right by Monte Carlo, Hooters, Luxor, Mandalay Bay. 5) The cost was superior to any other room I could find online for a similar property.6) Frankly, I preferred the garden room to the Paradise/Island tower. I liked having the small balcony and a shorter walk from the casino to the room (vs the tower).Negative:1) The hotel needs updating – the carpet and wallpaper are old and worn..not a luxury experience by any means, but we only wanted a clean room, bed, towels. All OK. It has a hair dryer, shampoo, soap, TV, alarm clock - basic stuff.2) Sink drained slow, but was fixed on day 2 without asking (housekeeping?)3) I could smell smoke in my non-smoking room, but I think there is a central air conditioning system for all rooms and casino. The smoky smell went away when I turned off / down the air conditioning.4) It seemed there was a communication problem between departments in the hotel -- Security knew my in room safe was out of order (my room number was on their list, and did not plan to replace it, but the front desk didn’t know about the safe and used the room anyway; Security told me the front desk offered a safe deposit box for my laptop, the front desk said security didn’t know they no longer had large boxes, and I had to check it at the bell desk (which made me uncomfortable checking my laptop with the bell desk, but I checked it for my entire stay without any incident ! - great!).	
Apr 29 2009 	Loved the 24 hour pools other things could be worked on	I went to Vegas with friends for a weekend. We're in our mid to late 20s. We don't really gamble. We were looking for a place that had a good pool, where we could basically just sleep/have some drinks, and was a good value. I think that the Tropicana met those criteria.The Good: We loved the 24-hour pools. I can't believe this isn't mentioned more in other reviews. Some of the pools and Jacuzzis are open all night. All night! We probably used them at least 6 times over our 2-night stay. Not crowded at all (maybe people don't know about it...the adult swim pool has a sign that says it is open from 9am-7pm but it's wrong, it's all night...we asked the people that worked there...the 2 Jacuzzis don't have signs and they are 24 hours too...only the main pool closes at 7pm). Come back at 5am and head to the pool! That's what we did. Nice after a night out. I don't know of any/many other hotels in Vegas that have 24-hour pools. Loved the daytime main pool too, which we used all day. The crowd by the pools seemed mostly our age so that was fun. Very few kids. Everyone was friendly and having a good time. Loved having our own drinks there but there were also servers coming around for drink orders. The security at the hotel were super nice, cool guys. I mean, when was the last time someone commented on how cool security was?!? Some couple showed up later and tried to get the security to kick us out for no reason other than to have the Jacuzzi to themselves. It's a hotel Jacuzzi and we were there first! Security actually told US what the couple tried to do and of course, we were not kicked out since we weren't doing anything wrong. One other time, we thought maybe we were being too loud but the security just came over to make sure that we didn't run around the pool and hurt ourselves. Thank you cool security!The No-So-Good: Our room could have been cleaned a little better after our first night. The beds were made and we got new towels but not much else was cleaned in the bathroom. Overall, the hotel and rooms are a bit run down and dated, so we weren't sure about it at first but we got used to it. It is one of the older hotels on the Strip though. Seriously, we were mostly looking for something basic. We weren't planning to spend many waking hours in the room. The Garden Cafe was decent but we had to wait awhile (about 20 minutes) to be seated for lunch and there were only 5 people ahead of us. The Island Buffet was not very good (desserts were cute though) but there was no wait.The Bad: We were booked off an internet website for a non-smoking room in the Paradise Tower (more expensive) with a strip view. When we got there, we were told that the entire Paradise Tower was closed as of the previous day for water and electrical problems...seems like some other reviews here were told they were being refurbished? Not sure what the truth was. No offer to upgrade, no discount, not anything. I was able to request and still get a Strip view but it was a smoking room in the Island Tower, which was supposedly the only thing they had. We took it. I guess we valued the view more than our air quality. After calling the internet website, they were able refund me and give us the Island Tower rate but it was still irritating that I had to spend time out of my trip to make the calls to get it fixed and still take a smoking room. I think Tropicana should have offered some discount right off the bat or upgraded us. They offered us a non-smoking room for the next night but who wants to move after you've already settled in? Well I guess some people do, as I found out that some people we met at the hotel were upgraded to a suite on the 21st floor the next day. Oh well. Also, make sure you know there is a daily resort fee to pay upon check-in. In spite of all that, the weekend was so much fun. It didn't start off great but once we got the initial problems taken care of, all within an hour of our arrival, it was one of the best weekends ever. The hotel was old and the rooms were basic but we are pretty flexible people so we didn't let it ruin our weekend. We can't get over the 24-hour pools! I'm sure we'll be back again.	
Apr 29 2009	BED BUGS	Having worked in the hotel business for 16 years, I inspect every room I stay in. Not necessarily white glove treatment, but through enough to get the items that should be of real concern. Upon check-in at Tropicana and before bringing the luggage to the room, I searched the room - 5242 - for bed bugs. After pulling back the covers on the second bed, we found a fat juicy one crawling on the sheet. He had recently been feeding as you could see the blood through his transparent exoskeleton. I gathered it up took it to the front desk. My goal was not to cause a scene, but rather inform them of the problem and get into a room with no history of problems. The first clerk directed me to the Manager On Duty desk. The supervisor acted like I was a nuisance and immediately referred the manager - she made no eye contact. The manger came and I explained what I found. Before letting me finish, he pulled out what was obviously his usual rhetoric, &quot;All hotels have this problem.&quot; I explained I worked in the hotel business for 16 years and knew it could affect even the best of hotels. However, not all. I explained I wasn't looking for &quot;something for nothing&quot;. I just wanted a room that doesn't get rented out to tours and hasn't had any past problems. He explained he could refund our first night's deposit and allow us to go elsewhere. I explained I knew they kept logs and to find a room with no problems. He explained their bed bug procedures, but I had to interrupt a few times to explain I knew the process and that I just wanted a guarantee of a trouble-free room. He then said they were soldout - on a Sunday that offered very lower than weekend rates? - and all of their suites went to an in-house tournament. He also explained the other tower he could put in hadn't had problems in a while, which he said was &quot;a couple of months ago.&quot; I had to interrupt him again to get him to listen to my simple request. Finally, he went to speak with Housekeeping about a possible room. While waiting for him to return, the supervisor rudely asked us to step aside away from the counter. Is her firmness and lack of personality a line of defense between guest and management? Supervisors like that often make matters worse. However, it's possible because it's a destination resort, repeat business is neither priority nor expected.The manager returned and finally got us a room. We went up to the room and I repeated the inspection. I noticed he had given us a better room (not an upgrade) with a nice view, but it was not necessarily what I wanted. Not seeing any obvious signs of bed bugs, we decided to keep the room. However, on my way home, I found a red splotchy mark on left leg. It looks like I was bit by something. Now I am worried. I sprayed the car trunk and washed all of my clothes in very hot water and bleach. I was a little taken back by the manager dealing with the situation. He anticipated every word out of my mouth and offered his standard defenses prior to me finishing my sentences. He assumed I was guest who was in it for a war of words for a free room. However, had he listened, he could have saved us both time. His lack of ability to deal with a guest &quot;conflict&quot; and the rudeness of the supervisor was cause for my terrible service rating. Having been a Front Office Manager myself for 5 years, I understand some of the avoidant behavior of some desk clerks. However, I don't expect this from the manager. A lack of experience and/or the policies of upper management are usually to blame. Advice: Less fight and more listening. And next time, apologize. No one apologized for our problem or offered sympathies. As far as cleaniness, I realize a bed bug problem is not the fault of housekeeping. These critters travel with guests. However, the sheets on one of the beds had what looked like dry boogers, pubic hairs, and were wrinkled in such a way that would only indicate they had been slept in. I changed the sheets myself. I stayed here for a week in early 2001. It was run down then and the rooms looked like they hadn't been remodeled in years then. Our original room was extremely worn. The second room only had new soft goods (e.g. bedspreads, carpet, curtains). The furniture was worn. In the morning, we could smell cigarette smoke coming from the adjoining room through the adjoining door. I had trouble breathing as a result. We checked out as quickly as possible. To keep a long story short, I had a problem with a guy following us after coming downstairs. He followed us all the way over MGM when I forced him to take the escalator down ahead of us. We backtracked and lost him. He was likely after my sister's wallet as it was exposed in her open purse when he originally passed us going in the opposite direction. MGM security didn't seem too concerned. However, when we got back to to Tropicana and reported it, the security guard we spoke with showed concern and said he would report it. Whether he did or not, I don't know. Be alert in Vegas. Watch out for bed bugs and pickpockets. A little note: I noticed someone earlier noted plastic covers on the mattresses. They are likely bed bug covers and they're not very effective from what I've read. Removing them could not have helped. You may have brought bed bugs home. Another person mentioned the vendors in the long hallway being harassing. We found this true for two of the booths. It felt like we walking through a used car dealership every time we were coming or going from our room.	
Apr 29 2009 	Dismal.....truly dismal	Stayed for three nights and won't plan to stay here again. A very tired hotel in need of a complete renovation which could best to achieved by pulling the place down. The staff seemed brow beaten and unhappy though the girl on the front desk was cheerful on arrival and tried her best to find a 'decent' room. The carpets are old and held together with tape in many places and the Island buffet provided poor breakfasts and the serving staff were like a fairy-tale - Grimm. We stayed in the Island Tower and were harrassed by 'shop' staff who sell tat in wagons on the walkway each time we walked to the entrance of the casino. We were told that nearly 600 rooms are closed for 'refurbishment' but I'd suggest that close the place and start again. A very tired and dated hotel. Shame because it could be very good given its location and views.	
Apr 23 2009 	DON'T STAY HERE	I wore my flip flops in the shower the whole stay, the tub was so dirty. The room stunk and i always felt like i was dirty because it is stuffy and looks dirty. You definately get what you pay for. One positive aspect, is that the casino is very good at giving comps. However, the front desk staff was rude on top of it being a [------] hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	good value but you get what you pay for	this was our first time in vegas . upon arrival check in was about 45 minutes - just understaffed but also rude.our rooms were in the paradise tower, they were about average for a two star hotel.I do not recommend any other rooms at this hotel-casino they smell of mildew and are very much in need of updating. We spent most of our time at other casinos and restaruants so i cant say much about them, If you just want a place to sleep then this is a great value because of the location, but if you want to spend some time in the room /casino then I recommend you spend a little more for a better hotel. however the bartenders at luckys bar were great! real people.	
Apr 17 2009 	Value for money	Good value for money. Brilliant staff. The restaurant wasnt great but I would definatly recommend the hotel to anyone that is looking for a reasonble place to stay. The staff were fantastic.	
Apr 16 2009 	"Resort"?? More like "hourly rate motel"!	We went for a wedding (my boyfriend &amp; I), and we stayed at the Tropicana because the wedding was there. We checked in late at night after our flight got in on Floor 8 in the &quot;Island Towers&quot;. When we got into our room, it smelled horrible and was very stuffy. We turned the air on and the carpet was disgusting. I put socks on just to walk around without shoes. The bed had mirrors on the wall next to it, headboard and ceiling. The view was spectacular (only good thing). I sat on the bed only to be welcomed to a plastic-sound. There was a cheap plastic mattress protector. When I was getting ready for bed I took it off because I can't sleep on plastic, only to find a pee stain. I was horrified. The mattress was definitely from the 1970's, with pee stains all over it. I wanted to throw up.It was late, I was exhausted so I put the protector back on and called for extra sheets to put ontop of the plastic pad to drown out plastic crunch sound. I couldn't do it. I couldn't sleep knowing what was underneath me. Not to mention the blankets were also disgusting. I imagine those were about 20 years old at the least. I called the front desk because I was so disgusted, and wanted to be upgraded. Apprently our room was already upgraded because upon check-in...the type of room we scheduled months before were all booked! Pee stains, dirty carpet, smelly, warm, awful sheets....is an upgraded suite? I asked if there were anyway I could get into a different, nicer, maybe newer room. They charged $30 extra a night plus tax to take us to a differen't tower. &quot;Paradise Towers&quot;. When we got there it was a trillion times better, but was exactly what I had expected.I know the Tropicana is old, I expect things to be dated. The &quot;Paradise Towers&quot; room was simply that...dated, but very do-able. Nothing was great, it was typical of older hotels.The pool was about the best part of the place. It was gorgeous.Other family also stayed in &quot;Island Towers&quot; but they were on levels 18 &amp; 19. They seemed to have newer mattresses (within 5 years) that were comfy. The rest of the room was the same as ours, dirty carpet, etc. I don't know if they decided to upgrade some floors, or are working on it, but I would stay in a room in the &quot;Paradise Towers&quot; to be safe if you HAVE to stay here.I am 23, a college student, and there is no way I'd reccommend this place to my friends. I travel a lot, and am aware that older hotels are going to have older mattresses and be a little outdated. This shouldn't be the case for a &quot;resort&quot; that is right in the center of the strip and entertainment.The wedding was beautiful, the pool was nice, and room service for food and extra pillows was very speedy and friendly. In my opinion though, I would take bad service to a peed on bed any day. I will not stay here again. BEWARE!	
Apr 14 2009 	Skip the TRopicana	I chose this hotel because it appeared to be a good value based on an internet search. As it was my first trip to Las Vegas, I knew little about the other hotel options. This was a very disappointing experience. These people know more and apparently care more about casino operation than they do about hotel management. The rooms are dated (my room had a bamboo framed mirror on the ceiling over the bed). The furniture was circa 1970.Its more of the kind of place college kids on vacation would go to trash on spring break, than a family oriented property. Its a long walk from check in to the rooms and each time to make the trek, you must manuever through a narrow corridor lined with vendors agressively hocking their wares and harrassing you each and every time you pass! A very annoying experience.There are too many better choices in Las Vegas to subject yourself to this depressing enviornment.	
Apr 9 2009 	One Word: Roach	I unfortunately had to stay at the Tropicana because my red eye got canceled and I had no where else to go. It was super cheap- 60 dollars, so my friend and I decided to check in.Big mistake- as we were walking to our room we saw eaten bagels, orange peels and feminine products scattered in the hallways. When we got to the room, we were greeted by a cockroach on the wall.The bed was covered in a cheap plastic that people use to protect from bed wetting.This place was just all around grimey. I don't care if its a &quot;good deal&quot;, its plan old dirty!	
Apr 5 2009 	Big oldfashioned resort with nice outdoor views	This is a classic site with particular views to the Strip. Rooms are large but oldish. Breakfast available. You can make incredible bargains with accomodation rates.	
Apr 2 2009 	Terrible service	I was very disappointed in this hotel. I had reserved two rooms - adjoining and non-smoking for our family. I phoned twice to alert the staff that we would be a late arrival. Their response was &quot;no problem&quot;. However, when we arrived our rooms had been given away and all that were left were smoking rooms, one on the 9th floor and one on the 19th floor. After being told that reserving non smoking rooms and adjoining rooms was simply a request and not a guarantee we had no choice (as it was 11:00 pm), we had to stay the night. The clerk assured us, after I complained to several employees via the phone, that we could move first thing in the morning. I reluctantly agreed explaining that I never would have made a reservation here if they had mentioned that non smoking rooms were merely a request and could not be guaranteed. The next morning, we were told that we could check back beginning at 3:00 for our new rooms. This meant returning from our sightseeing every 1/2 an hour or so to see if the room was cleaned and ready. They informed me that they would not put a room aside, as their policy is first come, first serve. After three visits back to the front desk and our rooms still not ready, a manager put one aside for us. The second room was finally ready that evening at 11:00 pm. Given how unhappy we were the previous day, I would have thought the hotel would have been more accomodating and at the very least put aside two non smoking, adjoining rooms. Obviously, our business was not that important to them!	
Mar 30 2009 	Grotty	We wanted a hotel on the strip with an indoor pool and the Trop seemed the only option. If only I could go back and re-do that decision!Our first room, on the 18th floor of the Island Tower, smelled really funky. The only way I can describe it is&quot;cheesy&quot;. The shower was pretty grotty and we found a pile of trash under the bed including two empty soda bottles.At 4:00am we had to call security about our neighbors. It took ten minutes for security to arrive and they recommended we change rooms. We woke up our kids, packed our bags, and traipsed down to the 12th floor in our PJs. This room smelled a bit better but I'd guess it'd been a smoking room at some point in its life as it had a stale aroma. It was definitely damp and all of our clothes had that slick, wet feeling after a couple of hours.We must have been upgraded because we found two full beer cans under the bed in this room!The Indoor pool was horrible. Small, dark, dank and chilly. The kids stayed in it for about 30 minutes and then wanted to leave! That evening when we returned to our room our key wouldn't work. So we had to go back down to the reservation desk where we were given some spiel about having to &quot;check-in again.&quot; It was a minor aggravation but just added to our general disappointment about this hotel.Check-out couldn't come fast enough.I read the reviews so I wasn't too surprised. As many have written 'you get what you pay for'. However, I would suggest that perhaps at the Trop you're getting a lot less than you pay for.	
Mar 29 2009 	Large Rooms POOR staff in hotel and casino even the manager wouldn't tell us the right things just be on guard !	When you get a slot card, make sure that you double check what your rewards are everyday with the PROMOTION center and then go to the hotel desk and ask them what your rewards are cause when we were checking out, the hotel checkout desk lady told us we had all these points to use up or we would lose them, then when we went back there after going to the resturant to eat then the manager said &quot; she had NO IDEA what we were talking about, so needless to say we had to go back to PROMOTION center to ask them and they told us something totally different about our points we had left ! ALSO, ALL THE staff, be it in the casino, hotel, resturants, gift shops, all their STAFF was VERY RUDE, no smiles, no oh thank you for coming here, acted like they knew nothing about their hotel, OH AND THE MOST PART ALL THEY KEPT SAYING WAS HOW THE HOTEL WAS LAYING OFF PEOPLE BECAUSE OF THE ECONOMY AND LACK OF HELP THERE ! That was told to us, more times than doan's has pills ! : ) We got so tired of hearing that comment, that we started telling them, YES we know YOU ARE LAYING PEOPLE OFF ! Just what you want to hear on a vacation ! The Island Buffet was horrible at night, but lunch was good, the best part of our stay was the room was roomy, not comfy, and the Garden Cafe, they had the BEST food their, if we didn't know it before we do now, we wasted our money on the Buffets there ! Anything else, feel free to contact me at cherylrest@aol.com ! Rate it a C- !	
Mar 22 2009 	Great Location but in desperate need of a re-do	My 5 friends and I booked 3 rooms on a sunday to thursday. We weren't really impressed with the rooms we were given (it was in the 4000 wing), but seeing as we didn't plan on spending much time in them anyhow, we didn't care much. The second day, tho, we noticed that while our rooms were clean, they were in need of a serious overhaul. The tile in the bathrooms was stained with mildew, and the wallpaper was definitly showing its age. Not until I saw another friends' room at the excalibur did I realize that we definitly got the short end of the stick. For the same price we paid (minus a couple dollars)... It was a world of difference. The location was excellent, tho.  Our cleaning ladies were nice, and pleasant, tho, and the bartenders we chatted with were quick-witted, and funny. The staff was great. I really hope they are planning an overhaul soon. I will go back if they do, but not before then.	
Mar 15 2009	Beware of Garden rooms at Tropicana	We booked a Friday night room at the Tropicana online. Pictures are deceiving. We stayed in the 4000 area of the main building: cold, damp (yes, in the desert), old, dingy, dirty wallpaper. No security cameras in the hall. Wouldn't believe this part of the Tropicana on the strip if we hadn't stayed in it.	
Mar 13 2009 	a place to sleep	If youve never been to Las Vegas before, then I dont recommend staying at the Tropicana. The location is great and the price I got for a hotel on the strip was fabulous, but the hotel itself is old and a little crusty. I think we got put in the worst wing of the hotel, as my friends were on the other side (paradise tower) and their room blew ours away. The carpet in the halls is so dirty, the wallpaper is peeling, it reeks of smoke everywhere (and Im a smoker). Ive stayed in much worse places, so I didn't really care, but I think most people would be dissapointed with this property. The plus side was the pool. I really enjoyed the drinks, live music and ambience the pool had to offer. Bottom line, if your a young group of partiers who just want a cheap place to crash, then stay at the Tropicana, otherwise, stay elsewhere.	
Mar 11 2009 	This Hotel has had It's day!	This past September my husband and I spent 4 nights in this fine old hotel as we have on many occassions during our road trips to Nevada. However this last stay was a disappointment. Our previous stay was only 8 months prior but the obvious state of deterioration since our last visit was extremely disheartening. It looked as If they have just given up trying to maintain this property. The linen on our bed was torn and when I asked the maid for a new blanket to replace the torn one she shrugged her shoulders and continued on her way. We never did in the 4 days get a different blanket nor in 4 nights did we get clean linen. The room was shabby and not very clean as was the bathroom. Getting dry clean towels was a chore. The staff all around were rude and unhelpful. We had booked a Garden Room and guaranteed It with our credit card but were on several occasions given a room in the far tower. This was not acceptable to us due to the fact that I am disabled and use a walker.and the hike to our room was down a very long walkway loaded with kiosks, all of whom had highly aggresive, obnoxious salespeople who accosted us everytime we made the hike to or from our room. Needless to say We have reluctantly severed our association with this so-called &quot;Resort&quot; and will not be staying there again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Tired looking desperate need of a revamp....oh yeah and more bed bugs!	After extended our holiday from 5 nights at the MGM Grand my wife and I decided to book into the Tropicana for an extra 3. I Usually take the time to look into where we are staying but without considering this hotel prior to the trip and staying the extra nights on a whim the decision was based purely on cost.Now I had decided to leave all credit cards at home, this is Vegas and I was intent on not getting carried away. So actually booking the room (for cash) proved a challenge in itself! After speaking to several at the front desk, one advising that it was against hotel policy to accept such a booking by cash only, another that it was possible, but she wasnt sure how to go about it, i was finally directed to a house phone and call the reservations hotline. I had to let them know that i was in the lobby then instructed to see the duty manager. The whole process involved waiting in 2 lines for 30 minutes, seeing 4 different people and using the telephone.....not particularly an easy or customer friendly way to go about business. To be fair, when I finally did 'check in', I was upgraded from a 'garden room' to the 'island tower' and after reading the reviews of the former on here what turned out to be a bad experience, could have been made worse staying there!Our room was on the 17th floor and my immediate reaction when walking from the elevator area was that the hotel was in desperate need of some care. It appeared very tired, the walls were grimey, the carpet had seen better days and was threadbare! Once opening my room I was greeted with a terrible musty smell as if either the room had recently been fumegated, had a bad leak or not been aired in years but it was ok. We were in Vegas and the mirrored ceiling, walls and headboard made my eyes light up and think 'Vegas! Now thats what im talking about!!&quot; But any idea of action was stopped short when our 'visitors' arrived to join the party. The devouring of my body by bugs was not exactly what I had in mind, nevertheless ive never been bitten so much in my life. After laying 3 days in the sun I had assumed Id had 'prickly heat' but only now after reading the reviews recently I understand that not only the vistors to Vegas were enjoying a buffet, I was the main course each night for an army of bugs at the Tropicana!The overall view of the hotel was not a bad one, it had a less 'sterile' feel of the MGM Grand, it appeared quaint....the casino was respectable and I had seen the pool prior to choosing the hotel....and it was lovely, there were small little secluded areas around a large pool area. Enough shade under palm trees etc to get out of the sun if you'd had enough. Seemed to me at most other hotels (and id experienced the MGM &amp; Luxor) there were little option other lying in the sun or leaving the pool area if you'd had enough.The shops were a bit of a joke, tacky bazaar type units. It was difficult to find somewhere to eat late in the evening but we did have a nice meal at the 'Legends' restaurant where the prices were very reasonable. Our meal was interupted by a photographer whos results were awful and that was a disappointment, but when we had decided against buying any she turned quiet rude!Am I visiting Vegas again, yes, soon! But will I consider the Tropicana, no certainly not! It is worth paying the extra $30 a night elsewhere to ensure you don't end up being feasted upon!	
Mar 6 2009 	Not Worth it...	So, I recently finished my 5 week stay at the Tropicana and wanted to give my full review. I lived in a room on the 17th floor facing the MGM. The veiw was not as good as my friends room facing the Excalibur, but it was not a big deal. The only annoying thing were the bright lights. The curtains did not fully black out the room. But, this might be the case for all the hotels on the strip. The rooms themselves are a bit dated. The furniture was kind of mismatched, and the carpeting was a little grungy (I wore my flip flops in the room). The bathrooms could use an update, it never looked bright or clean, probably because it was so old. Also, they use flourescent lights over the mirror which is never flattering. I didn't know anyone who stayed in the garden rooms, but these are supposedly worse. The house keeping staff did their best, though. And were always friendly.The casino area was kind of depressed. The clientale were not the same you would find in say the Bellagio or the Wynn, it almost had a &quot;Fremont&quot; feel to it. There was live music every night in the lounge which people seemed to enjoy. The Comedy Stop was excellent, and I heard the Folies Bergere was a great old Vegas show. Too bad it's last show is coming up this month. I hope to see it before I leave town. The dining experience was sub par some of the other hotels in the same area (I ate at MGM, Mandala Bay, NY NY). The buffet was adequate. I only had breakfast there once, and the omelette guy knew his way around a skillet. I ate a few times at the 24 hour restaraunt. They are in the middle of a remodel, which is a good idea. My husband and I were commenting on how tacky the decor was, and the next week it was closed off and they moved it into the Italian place. I can not know for sure, but I think I got food poisoning here. I ordered a turkey sandwhich with mayo (which I usually never eat) and that night I got really sick and couldn't eat for a week. I did use the gym here, and I'm glad it was included in the room price. It is small, three treadmills, two elipiticals, and a few weight machines. The womens' spa area is nice. They have a hot tub, steam room, and sauna. They have a massuese and different beauty treatments, and a tanning bed. Nothing elaborate. They do offer wi-fi in the room, but you have pay a rediculous fee per day. Overall, for a little more money, I think you could find a better place to stay. I heard the owners are going to start a complete remodel, and they seemed to be starting it while we were there. However, the funny thing is, they are not changing anything. They repainted the hallways...a really unattractive peach and brown. They are re-carpeting the lobby...with the same carpet! So, it might look a little less run down but will not help to refresh the face of the Tropicana. Which is really too bad, because the Trop is in a great location and could benefit from a new look.	
Mar 5 2009	The Garden Rooms should be demolished and rebuilt	Location is great but don't stay in the Garden Rooms. Old, old, old. Hallways are smelly, carpets disgusting, ceilings low. As we walked closer and closer to our room down the long hallway, it got hotter and hotter (in February!). Our room was hot also, A/C did not work properly, luckily we could open a window. The view (or non-view) out the window was of a pitched roof of a conference room building. Old, old fixtures in bathroom, outdated decor, no internet available. These rooms need to be demolished and rebuilt. Unfortunately, NASCAR was in town the same weekend of our visit. Rates were way too high for what we stayed in. To add insult to injury, upon our departure, we were charged an $8.71 &quot;resort fee&quot; per night per room. We did walk around the grounds but did not see anything worth $8.71 per day. Maintenance at this place was not top priority.	
Mar 4 2009 	Not as good as she used to be.	I've stayed at the Tropicana before, but it seems to be going down hill there. We had a big party, all staying at the Tropicana, and the first thing I noticed was the lop-sided mattresses. How does a mattress become lopsided on the corners of the bed??? I don't even want to try to figure out why it was like that, but it was gross. I went into my friend's room, and their mattresses were nice and straight, and so much more comfortable than mine! Another issue I had was there was food left in our refrigerator from the previous guest! That also irked me. The casino itself is getting run-down. The elevators shake and creek, and it made me nervous to ride them. Their restaurants and buffet are very good! Their lobster tail dinner at Legends Steakhouse is AMAZING! My husband and I were very impressed with our dinner. Their pool is always great, I love it. And you can't beat the location of the hotel, NY NY and MGM are just a 3-5 minute walk away. All in all, the hotel stay was just ok. I don't think I'll be staying there again though. Next time I'll spend the extra money to get a room that doesn't gross me out.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location for the bargain searcher	Two thirty year old married (not to each other) guys looking to have a fun weekend away. Good location on the south end of the strip. If you are watching the pennies, this is it! You can walk across the bridge to MGM and eat at a nice McDonald's. Sign up or the player's club and claim your free Trop T-Shirt, deck of cards and coupons or the tables. The Garden Rooms are the old one or two story buildings in the middle. We were offered one of these w/two beds OR an Island Tower Room with a King and a fold out couch. We chose the latter and had a view of the airport. Because there are way more Island Tower Rooms, i assuming most get this option to upgrade from garden for free. So I recommend to always book Garden and see if they upgrade you for free. Ate at the cafe and the prices were reasonable. Indoor pool and spa is nothing huge, but is year round. Went to Studio 54 at MGM Grand- wasn't really impressed. Go to Moon/Playboy at the Palms if you want to have an experience. And if you are going clubbing, go on eBay and get your passes that way for about $2 or $3 a piece. Search eBay for &quot;Las Vegas Passes.&quot; I do this everytime! I am in the process of putting a trip together in mid March 09 and will most likely book the Trop again. Oh- And I saw a buy one get one free poster on the Excalibur for their buffet from 2pm - 4pm. Arizona drivers: avoid the dam and go through Laughlin to be safe. We waited 2 full hours at the dam and it sucked! Enjoy your Vegas trip and bring your own drinks :-)	
Feb 21 2009 	We got married here	My review is not about the hotel to stay in as we didn't we got married there. We booked it all in the uk and had to ring them once to check a few things but they where great and couldn't do enough for us. We called in to see them a day before the wedding while we choose the music, flowers, colour of my garter which are all included in the price. The place was great and the whole experience of our wedding day was fantastic. I had my hair done in the salon there it looked fantastic, David my husband had a hair cut should of just been a trim but came out with a crew cut (maybe they thought he was joining the marines!!) but he said the wet shave was great and smooth. Great room for me the bride to change into my dress.	
Feb 20 2009 	Thanksgiving weekend	I loved my room because it was in the Island Tower and it had mirrors everywhere.But I hated the parking. They upgraded us to that room but they charged us a resort fee that wasn't told us it would when we booked the room a week earlier. Also it was saying in the website http://www.i4vegas.com that we would get free coupons to eat and gamble and when we got there the rude woman on the desk said that not everybody would get the coupon - wtf did that mean?!She didn't explain it well because she didn't look like she wanted to explain anything.The room was clean, the bathroom was nice, but the heater didn't work and we got air-conditioner the whole night. Also, that thing made a weird noise during the night.I don't recommend this hotel to anyone. I should have stayed at the Emerald Suites, because there they had a freaking microwave and refrigerator and that room didn't. And at Emerald they don't charge extra fees from nowhere. The only problem with Emerald is that it's off the Strip. :(	
Feb 15 2009 	tripres helped me deal the price	om my where to start. ok, long walk to room, elevators got stuck constantly, only one or two working anyway(on a weekend).toilet broke, yellow bathtub,cig stains everywhere,flat pillows. restaurants closed everywhere during reg hours?(on weekend)oh long walk to find anything even for losey cup of coffe.casino: of course good whos are not? i won wife did not of course. oh best of all, got sick all day sat frm eating there? could be ? only only place i ate. runs all day and throwing chunks and fever shakes. oh, some people there, not with the casino , tring to sell me times share when i waked by the escaltors. got a good price frm my own whealin and dealin. i guess i got what i deserve.	
Feb 12 2009 	The old lady's gone downhill but you might consider it	In Diamonds Are Forever, Sean Connery mumbled as James Bond that he &quot;heard that the Tropicana is quite comfortable.&quot; Back in the day when what is now the MGM Grand was still their golf course, it was one of the premier properties on the Strip -- the upper floor jacuzzi suites were about as good as it got -- but they have more-or-less stood still for the past thirty years. The rooms in the Island Tower haven't been materially updated for that long.Though the Trop has evolved into more of a place for the budget traveler, it does have one spectacular amenity: the pool. On weekends, you can still play swim-up blackjack or get a free back massage under the waterfall (why pay $10 for the same thing at one of the massage machines?) at one of the nicest pools in town. Get yourself a yard-long fru-fru drink (Under the Waterfall is a classic), lather on the sun creme, slip a $100 chip into your bathing shorts for the black-jack, and take a nice nap. The bikini quotient has fallen dramatically, but you'll still enjoy it.Even if you don't stay there, if you do visit and want a good laugh, step into the front tower elevator and take a short ride. When you reach the casino floor, the elevator recording announces, in one of the most deliciously sarcastic tones this side of Don Rickles, &quot;Casino! Good luck!&quot;The rack rates in Vegas are obscene, and no one pays them unless there is a major fight in town. But if you are not a gambler, you want the Strip experience, and you don't want to break the bank to get it, the Trop may be one of the best values out there.	
Feb 6 2009 	Tropicanna resort Hotel not that bad	Having read some of the reviews of the hotel I was worried and very annoyed at my husband for booking it, even tho he said it was a bargain.Luckily it was nowhere near as bad as expected. We stayed in an island tower room which was very dated but clean and we could not fault the room cleaner even tho we never saw her as we spent most time out and about. You dont visit Vegas to sit in your room to complain. We had a room overlooking the airport but we had fabulous sunrises and sunsets over the mountains.We made a decision before we arrived not to eat in the same hotel twice. We ate the first night in the Tropicanna buffet and it was the worst meal of the holiday.The hotel staff where all very helpful especially one cocktail waitress who I cant remember her name or I would have given her a mention. We made two trips to the Grand Canyon one by plane to the South rim and then a helicopter tour and the other to the North rim by Bus. Both where fantastic and are a must.All in all we had a great time, the hotel does need updating but if you have booked the Tropicanna dont worry its not that bad.We will definitely go back to Vegas my husband said he would stay again at the Tropicanna (he loves a bargain) I would like to stay some where new. Not sure who will win.	
Feb 3 2009 	Best Deal in Vegas!	For the price it can't be beat. We had a very large room with all the amenities. The staff have really upped their game with smiles and courtesy.And other than Mandalay Bay, we won more at the Trop than any other casino we gambled in.It's very convienent to all the other great casinos, and I agree with the other travelers, that the constant badgering from the time share people does get old, but that's a small bother compared to the overall experience.If you want to impress people, or you need new and fancy, the Trop is not the way to go, but if you want a descent room, and a great location for little dough, go with the Trop.	
Jan 25 2009 	OK	I booked this hotel the night before I left for a one night getaway. I booked a garden room, and when i arrived they put me in the front tower with a strip view, which was real nice. There was a couch, older televsion, refridgerator and big bathroom. When I opened the closet there was a half eaten bag of chips with cheese sauce. I called the front desk and the manager said he couldnt do anything for me because I booked through a third party. I asked for a bottle of champange and he said he can send me a small bottle. we waited for about twenty minutes and no one showed up so we decided to start our night. We came back to the room about six hours later and there was two small bottles of champange and choclate covered strawberries. The value of the room is nice, but after seeing the location of the garden rooms I defiently dont want to book there.	
Jan 24 2009 	Not bad!	I know it's one of the older places in Vegas and it definitely is outdated, but it was pretty clean and cheaper than most. Another bonus is that it's close to the strip.	
Jan 14 2009 	The Trop - Lots of fun in Vegas	My wife and I attended the AVN Expo and found the uptown prices pretty steep especially since the CES was on at the same time. I was a bit apprehensive about staying at an older property but my fears never came true. The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. The TV was old but worked fine. I did not miss a fancy flat screen since we were out of the room except for sleeping. The shower had plenty of hot water and the tub was big enough for two. The view was of the MGM and New York from our Island tower room.The best part was the friendly staff and the promotions. We did a bit of gambling and before long we received comps for the shows (Follies and Magic), breakfast and dinner.The location is great since it is near the train (east strip) and the tram (west strip). It was easy to get to the Sands Expo although a bit of walking is required.The only negatives was the high cost of Internet ($12 per day) and constant harassment to tour Tahiti Village. After a while they got to know us and just smiled as we walked by.This is a 24 hour property with a small convenience store and three restaurants. Great choice for a few days in Vegas.	
Jan 12 2009 	Tropican...perfect on a budget!!!	I know this place isn't luxurious, it needs a facelift and well, it just stuck in the past. The thing is, I spent most of my time out and about...a fancy room is lost on me. Sure it's nice, but if I can pay a 1/3 of the price as some of the pricier hotels on the strip that's all the more money for me to spend while in town.Admitedly, I was there for a bachelor party, sharing a room with a friend. So for $150 a piece we had a clean, centraly located room on the strip for our 3 nights in Vegas...can't go wrong with that. To put it in perspective, a member of the bachelor party crew stayed at the Wynn instead of the Tropicana. I came in at 11AM and was immediately given a room. He tried to check into the Wynn at 2:30 and they didn't have a room for him till almost 9PM at night! So, you get what you pay for...a Best Western style room with PLENTY of square footage. I would reccomend staying in the Paradise Tower. From what I've read these are the nicer rooms, they're closer to the lobby and have great views. This is where I stayed.Additionaly, skip the booking sites and get them to match their price. You'll avoid the &quot;Resort Fee&quot; and you'll only have to pay for 1 night up front.I'll be back...provided this hotel's still there next time I'm through.	
Jan 9 2009	Hate Resort Charges	The room was OK, though it had a noisy fan in the bathroom and flaking in the bathtub, but the worst part was being forced to pay a resort fee of $8/ea/per day. In the future, I'll be more careful about confirming the absence of these nasty hidden fees before booking. The room was booked through a Vegas booking site and I don't recall anything on their website about resort fees.	
Jan 7 2009 	No Problem with the Trop.	I stayed at the Tropicana with my wife and 11 year old son over New Year. The only reason we chose this property is because I think it is the only hotel on the strip with an indoor pool. On arrival we were shown to a room in the Paradise Tower and I have to say we were more than satisfied with what we found. The room was very large with two huge beds, The bathroom was also big and well stocked with towels, soap etc. As I said before we only stayed here because we could swim in winter and the pool was quite big with towels provided and a guard (not life guard) always on duty. Staff were always friendly and willing to assist.	
Jan 7 2009 	You get what you pay for	Tropicana! I would never stay in the old end of the hotel again ...rooms are neglected, floors are stained, everything smells of stale cigarette smoke and it is along walk from the entrance. BUT ...... 2nd night we were moved to the Tower Rooms this was 100% better. Simple basic room what more could you ask for for just under $50 a night. Staff are friendly enough and the pool area is great. I have to give a special mention to the Garden Cafe (open 24hours) their $6 menu was amazing (order the meatballs) and the staff are great. The hotel has a great location opposite the MGM, Excalibur and New York New York, perfect for people who want to explore the strip and gamble the night away.Megan (Birmingham, UK)	
Jan 2 2009 	Trop is just OK - you can do better	Stayed here Dec 27-30. The good: we were upgraded to a Tower without asking or extra cost, the indoor pool and hot tub were clean and open 24 hours, the front desk and concierge services were very friendly. The Bad: the friendliest were the timeshare salespeople, who were VERY persistent, and we had to pass TWO booths' worth of these people every time we went to our rooms; the conveniences in the rooms (our group had three rooms total) were frequently broken, including the safe, the hair dryer, and the phone; Very shabby. Rooms also look like sets out of Boogie NIghts - not only is the decor strictly 70's, but who puts a mirror on the ceiling over the bed anymore? I was looking for Dirk Diggler to drop by. Next time I think I'll stay in the Fremont area in a newly-refurbished hotel. Tropicana's facelift is overdue!	
Dec 30 2008 	Impressed with the customer service	My family and I stayed just one night at the Tropicana; mostly we wanted to take advantage of the indoor pool in December. My kids enjoyed the pool. Although there was no lifeguard, there was a security guard present at all times. The best part about the Tropicana was the customer service. From checkin to checkout, the employees were extremely courteous and helpful.The worst part is that the rooms are in real need of a cosmetic makeover. Our room was upgraded free-of-charge and although it was clean, the furniture was old; some of the wallpaper was peeling. The TV was small and the reception was just ok.The hotel is in a great location on the Strip.	
Dec 30 2008 	You really get what you pay for...	If you're going to stay at the Trop I would reccomend booking a tower room - they are much newer and nicer, the original part of this hotel is where we were put was built in the mid 1950's and still stands as the original motel style base for the two towers. These rooms are dated and expect them to be well worn however I was surprised our beds were new. The hallways were often seen with glassware and plates in the hall that would be there all day and we were pestered a few times by the cleaning staff asking when we were leaving...this happend on only day 2 of 6. The pool was nice, dated but well maintained with lush tropical style gardens. The food was satisfactory despite a very dated decor and furniture, we maily only stayed at Trop for breakfast as there are much better options a short walk away - but stay away from Hooters next door - it was not consistent with the other ones I've visited, yuck. The staff was very friendly and often eager to help suggest nightlife or dinning. Many of the hotels in the states right now are suffering due to the poor economy and the Trop in Atlantic City just filed under chapter 11. I would reccomend looking into other hotels that are only slightly more expensive; Ballys (better location and cleaner) or even Luxor (clean, more modern) but if cost is a factor the Trop is cheap and in a good location (right across from MGM). If you're a couple guys in your mid 20's like us (first time to Vegas) its a cheap and effective place to stay, we spent very little time in the room aside from when sleeping\recovering however it is unlikely I will return - sorry Tropicana!	
Dec 29 2008 	Awesome pool!!!	I haved stayed here several times, with kids, and just my wife. The main reason i go back is the POOL, and the locations of the older rooms right next to the pool. True the bottom wings are older , tend to smell, and have moths, but for the price, locations to the pool, why not?? Its also closesness to othere places is also a bennie. Like someone said you want a 300.00 room for $50.00, not your place, if the pool , and close rooms to it is yours,,,stay here in the lower wing. I have had good service in the casino, and plenty of cocktails comming around,unlike some high end hotels........Love the pool and will stay again....only when its over 100....	
Dec 22 2008 	horrible	I booked a 3 day stay at the Tropicana thru World Travelers of America / IAN travel agency. The room at the Trop was completely unacceptable. Due to our late arrival and our tiredness, we stayed the nite of our arrival. The floor was so dirty and stained that we were afraid to walk on it. The mattresses were concaved and had we seen the urine stains on the bed linens upon check-in, we would have slept in the rental car. The morning of the 17th we asked to change our room and were told that a supervisor would be right up. We waited for 45 minutes and decided to check out. I asked the front desk to refund my card for the extra 2 nites, they said that IAN would have to do that. I called IAN this morning and the representative refused to do that. I won't be using their services in the future.	
Dec 17 2008 	Very outdated...worst part-BEDBUGS	My husband won two free nights at The Tropicana in a golf outing. We added another night for a long weekend getaway. We were looking for clean and comfortable. We knew this was not the fanciest place on the strip. We have stayed in many different places in Vegas from all price ranges (from Caesers Palace to Imperial Palace to Ellis Island). These rooms at The Tropicana have not been updated since the early 70s. The bathroom still has a metal kleenex box holder mounted on the edge on the bathroom counter. The towels are thin, small and dingy white. The soap and shampoo were the the worst Ive seen and the water was so hard, nothing lathered no matter what quality it was. The bathtub had a textured nonslip bottom that was gray and dirty. The toilet was chipped and stained. The oddest thing is the tiki style huge mirrors mounted on the ceiling over the bed, on the wall and on the headboard. It just screamed &quot;sleazy&quot;. The worst part of our stay occured after an afternoon nap. I awoke with a start and a feeling on my neck of a tiny bite. I instinctively reached up and &quot;caught&quot; someothing under my finger. It was a bedbug. Ive seen the news shows about bedbugs and I know what they look like. I also know that bedbugs are becoming a bigger problem in all places with the increase of international travel and they can be carried on luggage. All the rationalizing in the world did not make me feel any more sympathetic toward the hotel about my first experience with them. My husband asked if we should change rooms but there is no way of knowing if a room has them until you sleep there as the bugs rise out of the mattress in response to a persons body heat. I saw no other signs of bedbug infestation (ie small brownish spots on mattress or headboard).  We ended up finding several more the following morning but by then it was time to leave...thank goodness. I should have brought it to the attention of the staff but I didnt. I guess because there is not much they can do about it during our stay.  I decided to write this review to warn others. I read some other reviews that also experienced bedbugs here. We will not stay here again as I know there are other places in Vegas that are alot nicer and price comparable.	
Dec 12 2008	Lots of fun great value.	Some reviewers obviously have $300 expectations for $50 rooms. If you need a cheap place to sleep for 4-5 hours per night, cheap place to gamble, great pool, and close location to other good south-strip locations, stay here.If you are used to staying at the 4-Seasons and expect the same treatment at a large, decades old budget casino......try again.I love this place, and will continue staying here whenever I go to Vegas with friends.	
Dec 11 2008 	Not very kid friendly	Traveled to Vegas for a concert with my 6 and 8 year old. The desk clerk who checked us in lacked basic customer service skills. The room was cozy and appeared to be clean. Bathroom toilet required a jiggle after each flush to avoid running constantly. Showers were small and dark. No cable stations for the kids to watch and available station come in very fuzzy. No shuttle service. Small arcade at the far end of the hotel. No place to grab a bite to eat inside of hotel after hours. Either dine in or over priced room service. Hotel is along the strip with easy access to the monorail. Also in the middle of MUST SEE BUT CAN'T STAY hotels.	
Dec 3 2008 	Hate this Hotel	They gave us the farthest room. The smell of the room was very awful. The bed sheets were dirty. The aircon was not working well, very noisy. We will never stay in this hotel ever. I discouraged relatives and friends to even think of staying on this hotel. They should have renovated this hotel.	
Nov 21 2008 	Oldder but Great Value	Me and my fiancé decided to elope to Las Vegas. Our immediate families decided to come as well, we all stayed at the Tropicana because it was one of the cheapest places to stay. Our families stayed in the Garden Rooms. They were right next to a small parking lot which was very easy to get to. Barely any walking for them but the rooms were older. My parents had a Garden suite which was two rooms that they turned into one room. So one room was the living area and the other was the bedroom. This room had two bathrooms. Me and my fiancé had the Island Tower Jacuzzi Hotel Suite. This room was amazing. It was very big, the bathroom sink area had two huge counters / sinks, the room had a bar with mini fridge, and had an awesome view of the strip. The only two problems was we had were the walk to our room, it took forever to get to our room and the Jacuzzi tub was only luke warm. We couldn’t figure out how to get it hot. But over all everyone was very happy. On a side note their pool area is beautiful.	
Nov 17 2008 	This place is a DUMP! Where "the jungle room" meets "castway"	I attended a conference November 6 &amp; 7 which was being held at The Tropicana.For convienience sake I called and paid the $150.00 per night &quot;special rate&quot; for conference attendees. BIG MISTAKE.Good: I arrived at the hotel at 10:30 in the morning and was quickly checked into my first room. These rooms have not been updated since, hmm...about 1970. Mirrored ceilings and headboard, popcorn ceiling, dirty, worn, carpet, filthy windows, hair in the bathtub, lights out in the bathroom. Awful room which had a horrible &quot;stench&quot;.Good: I was moved, when requested, to another room, quickly and without any fuss.Bad: The room was looked exactly the same, with many of the same complaints as the first room.Good: Smell was gone.This hotel had carpet that had ripped and the management saw fit to put colored duct tape across the huge rip.If this had been a $50.00 room - it would have been what I had expected. Not for $150.00 when, on hindsight, I should have booked at the MGM across the street for $99.00 a night.My suggestion would be if you must attend a conference, stay somewhere else.	
Nov 14 2008 	BED BUGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Let me start by saying stay far far away from this place!! I live in San Diego and my girlfriend and I and a couple of friends decided to drive out to Vegas on a whim. We checked the website and found a room last minute for about 100 bucks. When we arrived we checked in to find that our room was sold out, which was great cause they upgraded us to a Jacuzzi Suite. We were very excited once we got in the room, it was really old Rat Pack style which we liked.The next morning is when we realized how staying at the Tropicana was one of the worst decisions we have ever made. My girlfriend woke up with a crazy rash on her back, which we didnt think to much about at the time. Withing the next week, myself and my friend had hundreds of insect bites all over our arms and bodies. We each went to the dermatologist at least 6 times to get medication, to deal with the itching and the horrible rash. Not knowing we were staying in a BED BUG infested room we took some home with us that had latched onto our luggage. They immedietely spread throughout our home, and we had to throw away our bed and furniture in our bedroom. It is now November and we are still battling these things and I am still getting bites from bed bugs.Please for your own saftey and well being, do not stay at this hotel. By the amount of bites we got from staying there, there must be hundreds of these things living within the room we stayed in. Also they multiply fats when they are feeding regularly so within this hotel there must be thousands!	
Nov 14 2008 	Don't Give Up On The Ole Gal Yet	We were enticed to make a last-minute trip by an email from the Tropicana offering $37/night midweek. Reading the reviews, I knew this rate was for the dreaded Garden Rooms, which should be avoided by most. So we booked two nights and arrived at the front desk all smiles and politeness. We talked them down from $30 to $20/night upgrade for the Paradise Tower rooms, although after reading some reviews I realize we might have tried harder for a cheaper or even free upgrade. But no matter because it was SO worth it to upgrade to the Paradise Tower. The elevators are right by the front doors and they are fast. Our 17th-floor room looked fairly upgraded and had new sheets, fluffy towels, a brand-new bedspread, and a rarity in Vegas: a mini fridge! I've paid $10 a night to have a mini fridge in much more expensive hotels in Vegas. Yeah, the decor is a little cheesy and the TV is tiny but that's so VEGAS! Anyway, our room was very clean - so clean that the carpet was still a bit damp from being shampooed. OK, that's not a plus, but we gave them a pass since we weren't originally booked into this room, and the carpet was completely dry -and so clean and fresh! - after we returned from dinner a short while later. We didn't need to call for a big fan or anything.The view of the Strip from our room was awesome, although that mega monstrosity being built across the street next to Monte Carlo saddens me. Looks like it's going to impact views up and down the entire Strip. Still, the rooms facing North have a good view of the Strip, at least in this tower. We found all of the staff to be very friendly and helpful. I did not find the casino to be too smoky at all, and I'm sensitive, but again we were there midweek. I had a wonderful time playing craps (and winning!) with some great characters and nice employees. There was a good band in the lounge. I did notice that some of the video poker games at the bars were pretty worn down.The free covered self-parking is great, or use the valets if you don't want to lug your bags. There's an AM/PM mini market across the street for basic supplies, or a supermarket a short drive away. I never felt concerned about my safety. The Trop's location is wonderful, with an easy walk to the big casinos or a bus stop right out front to catch the Deuce shuttle if you insist on not walking (but it may drive you mad to see how slow you'll move in a bus - or any vehicle - up and down the Strip). It's also an easy walk across the street to catch the Monorail at the MGM Grand, which will conveniently take you to the Sahara at the far north end of the Strip with several stops in between. We found the monorail to be a perfect way to cheaply and quickly get to a trade show at the Convention Center.We had a wonderful time at The Comedy Stop at the Trop. They had three great comics in an 80 minute show (the early show is nonsmoking, and the comedians change about every week or so). This was by far the best bargain we found for a show in Vegas, with a free drink each (get beer if you don't like cheap well booze), for less than $20 a ticket. Look through the magazines for coupons. We tipped the Maitre d' $5 and got a seat in the front row. We only wandered down through the &quot;mall&quot; kiosks toward the other tower once but must say that no one badgered us about time shares.I visit Vegas once or twice a year and for more upscale trips, I used to love some of the newer hotels on the Strip. But honestly, with that huge new City Center Beast being built, I wonder if it's worth the price to have that as your view? All in all, we would recommend the Tropicana for a nice budget stay on the Strip, if you keep an open mind and are willing pay more for -or charm your way to - an upgrade. I thought they'd be tearing her down soon but I must say, from our experience it seems like they're still trying to please, and I'm happy she's still standing. It's probably only a matter of time until she's replaced by some Megalometropolis with no soul. I'll take my Vegas old school while I still can.	
Nov 13 2008 	great pool!	great hotel! the pool was awesome, they had a live DJ, waterfalls, palm trees, great atmosphere.the hotel itself is a little old, but was fine. great location. would definetly recommend.	
Nov 9 2008	not so bad	I was very hesitant to stay at the Trop after reading reviews but we were already booked for a terrific price. Once we arrived I was pleasantly surpirsed by the friendly hotel staff. We mentioned that today was our anniversary and they upgraded us to a tower room. Not to mention champagne and cake was delivered to our room. The room was large and fairly nice. The bathtub could use a good scrubbing but other that that wasn't bad for the price especially. I liked the location and the staff was great from the waitresses to the hotel staff. We received clean towels and our room cleaned to our satisfaction daily. The casino was a little smokey but most of them are. We did not use the pool but did walk through the area. Not quite what I expected from their website but still nice. The slots were fairly loose compared to other casinos we played at. All in all not a bad stay for under $40 a night.	
Nov 9 2008 	Free upgrade	We reached a little later than we reserved the hotel for but the staff was very helpful. Since they didn't have any of the standard rooms, that we reserved, available, they gave us a free upgrade and a few casino coupons as well. View from the room was nice, sheets were clean and bathroom was hygenic. Overall a nice stay.	
Nov 4 2008	Old dingy but great location and economy!	Some of the review of this hotel may scare you. In my traveling experience, I tend to go for what's economical, and so I went ahead and booked this hotel. The location is GREAT and that's the greatest pro of this hotel. The place is old, and feels dingy, especially the room decor which seems to be from the 70s. The elevators seemed to have problems ... took a few times to actually get the button lit up that called them. Also, the fire alarm went off the night we stayed - not the hotel's fault of course. Somebody deliberately smoked into the fire alarm, according to the security guard. It was quite unpleasant to be woken up at 2 a.m. though. My conclusion is: If you're willing to go up on price, you can get greater value and a better experience in Las Vegas. The next time I go, I'm going spend some more and stay at a classier place.	
Oct 30 2008 	the worst hotel ever	The room was dingy beyond belief, not to be overshadowed by the filth of the linens, including bedding which had fresh blood on the sheets and hair interwoven into the torn blanket. The walls and headboards were so dirty that I wanted to wash them before we unpacked, but the towel had fresh mascara on it!! We requested a non-smoking room but you could tell this room had once been a smoking room and it was never freshedned up enough to tell it was now a non-smoking room. The staff were borderline rude when confronted with the overall state of things and the common areas of the hotel were dirty as well. Some of the younger patrons were out of control drunk and disorderly and hotel staff just looked the other way. This was by far the worst experience of our travelling so far and we highly discourage anyone from staying in the filthy place.	
Oct 28 2008 	Not worth it.	We stayed for one night and the place was a dump. The furniture in our room was old and torn the pictures on the wall were peeling. There was a hole in the bathroom ceiling and the room was 50 degrees all night and the heat didn't work. I would NEVER stay again. Don't waste your money.	
Oct 24 2008	Pros and Cons	My wife and I stayed 3 nights at the Trop. and concluded it was what we expected after reading the reviews. The place has seen better days, but it has a great location and is a good value.Pros:1. It is in a great location with easy access either by walking or short tram ride to the MGM, Excalibur, NYNY, Luxor and Mandalay Bay.2. The price is good when compared to these other resorts3. The staff was generally helpful and upgraded us without a hassel.4. Good gambling (our friend hit for $3,000 on a slot) and its easy to get free drinks and accumulate comps.5. The food in the Italian and Japanese restaurants was very good.Cons:1. It is old and dilapidated in many parts--while I didn't notice any particullarly bad smells, there were plenty of stains and tears in the carpeting and a general run down atmosphere.2. The pool while large was largely shaded this time of year and there was no bar easily accessible--also the hot tubs were crowded and unappealing.3. The late-night (past 10:00PM) food options are limited to the Garden Cafe which has a limited menu and not very great atmosphere.4. The rooms (we saw three different ones) all had some flaws and each bathroom had mold on the tiles.5. The &quot;Trop Shops&quot; are nothing more than the cheap boutiques ytou would see in an average mall.My advice if you decide to stay here is to AVOID THE GARDEN ROOMS and if you have to stay in one make sure it has a balconey and overlooks the pool. Get a tower room--we were staying in the Paradise Tower, but I asked and they upgraded us to an Island Tower room with a mirror on the ceiling (not so big a deal). The first room we were given had a AC unit that didnt work and that had leaked water allover the carpet. I asked to change and they moved us up to the 19th floor and a much better room (top of the line in the 1970s!). I would recommend staying on the top floors if possible since it seemed the furnishing were better there.	
Oct 23 2008	We came to gamble	Date:10/23/08 My wife and I spent 5 days at the Trop and had a GREAT time. The place is not as glamorous as the surrounding properties but offers better gambling, service and hospitality than any other casino we've ever been to.When we arrived Jake checked our luggage asked where we were from and wished us Good Luck.Check-in was easy. They had our room ready and were friendly.The room wasn,t fancy but functional. Older bed and furniture but very clean.It more than served its purpose for the few hours we spent in it . No problems with the bathroom or climate control system.Housekeeping was on the ball. One day we hadn't left the room until 3 P.M. and a note was left in our door telling us that if we required cleaning on that day we could contact them. I ran into a housekeeping supervisor in thehall and she asked if we needed towels or toiletries.The casino areas were older in decor but clean with a fairly good variety of slots.The table games were awesome! First of all you can actually see. Its very well lit unlike other casinos where you have to squint to see your cards for the sake of decor. The dealers are the best in town that we've met . they,re friendly ,engaging and a lot more patient than I could be in certain situations. Nikki, Sammie,Algonesh,Benny,Iris,Frank and the majority of the dealers were a lot of fun and frequently had everyone at the tables converted from perfect strangers to new aquaintences with the common, friendly goal of beating the house . As far as pit supervision , Suzette and Ron were friendly and engaging but what was truly amazing was how Sung never stops smiling and laughing with customers and co workers dispite the hectic pace of the pit at times. Don't take my word for it. Ask the people sitting at your table that are staying at MGM ,NY,Excalibur,Luxoror Planet H-Wood why they're gambling here and not where they're staying. If video poker is your game go to Lucky's Bar in the east side of the casino. If you're playing a bar machine during the late shift and he's not swamped with orders, talk to Jerry the bartender to get a feel for what it's like to live in Vegas and maybe some things you didn't know about Vegas.Definitely one of my favorite barkeeps ever(and I know many).Three little known treasures at the Trop .Comedy Stop: Three great comedians nightly. Only $23 and that includes a drink. Short of a comped show I don't think you'll find a better bargain.Legends Steakhouse: Great food , great prices , dinners include salad and sides. 4 to5 star food and service at 2 to3 star prices. Cozy ,classy and friendly. Mizunos: Quiet and comfortable Japanese food prepared at the table.Delicious house drinks and great service.Bottom line: If you come to vegas to shop, get hot stone massages or sit in your room and watch TV go somewhere else because the Trop is the real deal for what Vegas was meant to be.	
Oct 22 2008 	cheap... but cheap for a reason	I've been going to Vegas for about 25 years and have liked the way many hotels have updated to the new, Palms-inspired look, with the flat screen tvs and modern decor. But like many others I wanted to save a little money, what with the economy headed to the toilet!I wanted to go to the first Barrett-Jackson Auto Auction but knew that the rates at all the top hotels were going to be high. After some shopping I saw that the Tropicana had a rate of $45, which beat the $70 at the NYNY and the $129 they wanted at all the nice places for a mid-week rate. What I missed was this $7.99 room fee (plus taxes) they add to your bill each day. In return I got an easy check in on Wed but who is checking in on a Wed? So there were no real problems in getting a room. It was way back in the Island Tower, which is a good 5-7 minute walk from the desk. There are only a few slot machines near the lobby there, so be prepared for a long walk if you forget something in the room. Elevators are plentiful and all but 2 are outside, glass elevators with cool views.The room is straight out of the 1970's, with tacky wood-framed mirrors over the outdated bed, an old tube-television and clock radio. It looked like the decor in a Days Inn! The bathroom layout wasn't much better, with thin, rough towels, a big round tub in the corner and a weak shower head that was only 5 feet high. Be prepared to stoop! I also noticed BLACK mold on most of the tile in the shower. The central AC was fine but I actually would have liked one a little noisier to cover the sounds of aircraft taking off! I was woken up at 7am and ended up having to stick my noise-canceling headphones from my iPod in my ears! Was also woken up by several ambulance sirens, which I've never had happen to me in Vegas before. The glass in the room needs to be thicker if it faces the airport, don't you think? Also, the drapes would not shut all the way, and let in too much light through the middle or the edges. I had to prop a couple of pillows against the drapes in order to have a dark room! Haven't had to do that in Vegas rooms in decades!The hotel is not impressive at all but like I said, I wanted to try to save some $$$. I went to the buffet for their $9.99 breakfast and it was a rip off. I didn't want to wait 5 minutes to get an omlette prepared so I tried the scrambled eggs, but I think they were fake! The only thing they did well was the french toast. I did like their pool area, but it gets little sun because half of it is blocked half the day.I'd say the parking was probably a high point, as you can enter right off a side street and there were plenty of spaces in the covered parking area. I expect that this hotel fills up on the weekend though, and wouldn't want to deal with a crowd on top of all the problems or low quality issues. The slot machines were loose, much looser than most places on the Strip, so if you hit a small jackpot I suggest cashing out and getting a good meal at one of the many places across the street!	
Oct 20 2008 	WHat a Dump. better off Stsying At Motel 6 Down the Road	Wow is all i can say about the trop. I just got back from vegas and i stayed at the tropicana hotel and casino. i cant express how bad this hotel is. first off i called to confirm my reservation on thursday as i was checking in sat morning . I arrived at the trop at around 3&quot;30pm, i was told my room wasnt available and they were gonna search to find me another one. i waited for about 20 minutes until she said ok your room is ready. i got my room key and headed to my room (1555) Island Tower. I couldnt believe the walk you had to make just to get to the room, through the casino up the escalators through the mall part, where ppl are trying to see you time shares. and finally after the long walk the elevators are there on the left. when i exited the elevators i was like ok this hotel isnt too bad. i went to my room 1555 and opened my door only to find the room hadn't been cleaned. i was pissed after walking so much i used the phone and called the front desk, and they told me there was nothing they could do, i would have to wait. the lady was really rude and didnt seem to care about pleasing the customers. we waited and finally we were in our room. we got dressed and went down to have some drinks, i was in the elevator and i realized i had forgotten my wallet in the room. so i went back and when i got to the room. my key didnt work, i tried it numerous times, whiie i was trying it this nice asian couple were checking into the room next to ours, they tried to open the door and had the same problem. already furious i called the front desk to complain and they said security would be up shortly.. We waited and waited until about 30 minutes later security showed up. he opened the door , and told us to go talk to the manager, i got my wallet and procided to the managers desk. when i got there, their was already people in line with keys in hand, becuase theres werent working either. i spoke to the manager and told her my situation and she wasnt willing to do anything about it, she even had the nerve to tell us &quot;well you should of selected the paradise tower room and this might have happend&quot;. i was like what the hell... i dont think so, i told her that had no reveleance to this, she explained she could issue us new keys, i asked her well is there anything else you could do for the inconvenice and she said NO!!, In an attitude. I then told her i would like to be transffered to another room and she said no because none were available. i got mad and started to raise my voice, she then spoke to her supervisor and thats when she said i have one room available in the paradise tower Room 729 (newly renovated) that i could give you, i said fine and we left happy. the room in the paradise tower was remodeled in 2003? Everything in there looks from the early 80's. Upon check out we waited in this huge line, we got to the desk and the lady got our room number, she was rude no thank you, attitude, i asked her where i could get a bellman to help with our luggage, she said in a rude tone &quot; sir its sunday, its gonna be a long while until they help you&quot; and rolled her eyes. I never be treated so bad as a guest of a hotel. this hotel needs to be torn down and be replaced with a newer casino/resort. We probarly would of got better service at motel 6 down the street.	
Oct 13 2008 	Don't go there	We were at Tropican just for one night (luckily!!). We were not expecting a five star hotel, but what we found was less than perfect. Everything on the room was outdated, and looked dirty. Sure dirty were the carpets, and the air conditioning was very noisy. But the worst was the bathroom: never been updated since the 70's, it looked dirty and there was black, disgusting mold around the bathtub tiles. There was no warm water in the sink, and it was almost impossible to use it, because of the vintage shape of the faucet. Anyway, the bed was comfortable, and the location was OK. For the same money, please pick a better, newr or/and better keeped hotel!!	
Sep 29 2008 	Never Stay Here Again!	We had many problems. 1st upon check in, the room was occupied, and we had to go back down and ask for another room. We got another room, then the shower didn't work in our new room. The phone didn't work either, so we had to go down and ask for a plumber. After one hour, the plumber came and fixed it. After the plumber left, there was water damage on the carpet from the neighboring room's AC. They brought a machine up to dry the floor. We left for the day, and came back in the evening and room smelled very bad because of the wetness, and the machine was still there. It was very loud and still running. We could hear it from outside the door. Also, the plumber used all of our towels, and didn't bring any new ones. We had to go back down, and ask for the machine to be removed, and new towels brought up. I would recommend that no one ever stay here, even if it is a good deal.	
Sep 27 2008 	Harder and harder to love	We just got back from our third stay at the Tropicana. We've always loved it; while it's never been the nicest place in town, we love the tacky, 1970s porno luau theme of the Island tower.Kitschy and so Vegas. We love that you can take the elevator right down to the pool, or right to the parking lot. We love the sprawling tropical pool, the location, and the price.But it's sad that every time we go, it's a little more run down. This time, just about everything was broken, burned out, worn out and battered. The place has so much potential, can't they put just a little money into it? Maybe some new carpet and a good cleaning?Don't get me wrong, if you can overlook the shortcomings, it's still a good value. For about $50 a night, we got a huge room in a great spot with a view of the strip and a really nice pool. The staff was nice. For now, we'll continue to ignore the worn out carpeting and dead lightbulbs. But if they continue to run it down, our next stay may be our last.	
Sep 25 2008 	Tropicana it could be worse.	We just got back from 5 nights at the Tropicana hotel. It was an ok place but do not expect five star accommodations just because you are in Las Vegas. I would not book this hotel if you were going to Las Vegas for the first and only time. The place is old, they have old dirty carpets in the rooms full of stains. The cleaning staff do not make any effort to take away the urine stains and smells from the elevators and stairwells. I walked into a stairwell and we saw a homeless man just sleeping there. I called security and, as I left I saw two security staff take care of the problem. The front desk staff are firm, to the point without a hint of a smile.  I would stay at another hotel to ensure I have something fond to look back at. I would stay at the Tropicana as a last resort knowing that I would have to wear sandals in my room.	
Sep 23 2008 	better then i expected	after reading reviews was really worried about our stay here.but everything turned out fine.check in was fast room was clean pool was great.we even got married at their chapel.would go back in a heart beat.	
Sep 20 2008 	Hotel comps a rip off.	Stayed at the tropicana for 5 days spent a lot of money,when getting ready to check out we went to collect our comps. only then did we discover that they were only good for use in resturants,bars or towards paying for extra days at the hotel.As we had flights to catch we had no way of using their comps. They were not redeemable in any of the stores or shops there. We could not even use them towards the room as it was paid for on a credit card.We ended up getting a breakfast in the hotel restraunt which we paid for with a $390 comp voucher,and it couldn't even be used toward a tip for the waitress.We have stayed in other hotels in vegas on several other trips and the comps were always redeemable in all the gift shops for full value. We will never stay at the Trop again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Dump!	Horrible place. Dirty, smelly. Stains on the walls, stains on the carpet, door didn't always lock (even after being &quot;fixed&quot;), ceiling tiles missing, door handles missing or didn't work to get out of stairway. Yuck! Bad experience!	
Sep 13 2008 	Okay but would stay elsewhere	My wife and I stayed at the Tropicana from September 5th - 12th, 2008. We came down to attend the wedding of two of our friends and this is the hotel they booked. There were about 15 of us staying at the hotel. We rented a car at the airport, plugged in our Garmin and directions to the hotel were spot on. We were kind of unsure where to park though. You can park in the 'self park' lot. It's a big cage with the valet parking above. It's also covered which is a nice plus. Though even in the shade it was 96 degrees! It is a bit of a walk from the parking lot to the main entrance of the hotel but not unmanageable. With a few kids and suitcases etc. I can see how it could be an issue though. Checking in went smoothly though I thought we were staying in the Paradise Tower but were told we were booked for the Island Tower. We proceeded on our lengthy journey to the far side of the property, through the casino, down the hall of vendors past the pool and then finally arriving at the tower. Room was clean but and the bathroom was spacious. I laughed at the bamboo trimmed mirrors on the ceiling - right out of a Poison video or something from the 80's. We asked about a fridge earlier and within 15 minutes of arriving at the room there was a knock on the door and a brand new fridge was delivered and plugged in. We stayed two nights in this tower before paying an upgrade of $20/night to stay in the Paradise tower where the rest of the wedding party was. It was a much newer tower and the toilets were jet assist which scares the hell out of you every time you flush - especially after you forget about it. :) My one complaint was with ironing a brand new white shirt and it left iron deposits on the fabric. I took the shirt and the iron down to the manager and he was quick to get it drycleaned for the next day as well as order a new iron. A few hours passed and no iron. I called down and an iron was quickly delivered yet again very dirty steam holes. (At check out I was surprised to see the charge on the bill, but again he apologized and removed the charge). No big deal. I was just glad they took care of things like that. It was nice to see. The rooms are dated - yes. The smoke everywhere is just something one has to get used to I guess - it's Las Vegas. Though some of the nicer hotels have their casinos in separate rooms. Here you walk in the front doors and have blackjack tables dead center and you have to walk around to get to the front desk or the elevators. The carpets are in need of replacing too. But I hear they're planning on impoding the building in 2010 (I've heard). Then I hope they build a bigger and better Tropicana. The name has been around since 1957 when it was first built so it would be a nice 'rebirth'. There are lots of different machines to play as well as the normal tables. We found the penny machines to pay well without a big initial loss. Average win about $150. Lowest was $90 and highest was $280. The pool is amazing and I just wish we spent more time there but we decided 5 trips to the outlet mall was a better choice - haha. The waitresses near the pool repeating the phrase 'Cocktails, drrrrinnks' in a Southern accent grew old quickly. There were always lots of chairs and towels were given out freely without any hassle. We did buy our drinks at Target and Von's (same as Safeway and they accept your Safeway card/phone number) - juices, pop and beer/drinks. I guess we're just too cheap but it can get expensive buying them from the hotel at premium prices - especially when a 26 of rye at Von's is $12 and a case of beer - 18 cans is $13.The $8 charge for using the pool/weight room (never even noticed one there)/parking is a joke but hey, I knew about it going in. I just don't understand why they don't include it in their nightly rate.Hookers/ Drug dealers... yup. Right outside the front door as well as walking through the hallways/casino. Hard not to notice and it appears management doesn't mind them there. Whatever - they never bothered us except they love standing in your way.What else.... rooms were clean and maids did a good job. I think they came in 4 of the 7 nights as we don't need daily service. My wife calls me paranoid. The safe in the closet was nice and worked for all but the last night. You can enter your own number or use a credit card - why would you use a credit card?? Just seems like another way of identity theft waiting to happen. (Yup... more paranoia)If you're looking for a cheap meal, the Garden Cafe inside the restaurant is the place to go. $5.99 specials and they're HUGE. The chicken caesar salad is almost comparable in taste to anything offered back at home and is only $5.99. Anyway... all in all it was a good experience though I wouldn't stay there again when so many other hotels have better amenities for the same price. We're all planning on going back to watch it crumble into little bits of concrete, paint and dust.	
Sep 9 2008	great place to stay	the room was really nice and people were great and the compts are really good	
Sep 8 2008 	Dump!	Forced to stay here as the group I was traveling with already had decided this was the place. The 3 star rating is absolute nonsense. The place is filthy. From the lobby to the casino to the elevators to the rooms...absolutely filthy. I would guess the carpet has never been changed. In my room there must have been at least 60 cigarette burns in the carpet. The porcelain in the bottom of the toilet was no longer there thanks to thirty years of buffet style dumps. The sports book has a grand total of 6 (yes six) 27 inch (yes inch) TVs. The bedding has not been changed in a decade, I guarantee it. When I pulled back the covers, a giant spider crawled out from under my pillow. I cannot overstate how crappy this place is. Completely and utterly disgusting regardless of the great rate you are being offered.	
Sep 7 2008 	hotel back in time	From the start, the accomodations were horrible. When I checked in, the line to the managers office was longer than the check-in line. This either meant they were there for compliments or complaints. I was right, they were there for complaints. They charge you an extra $9.00 a day just to use the pool, gym and parking. My sink was clogged and my fan in the bathroom was not working, so you could imagine the smell after using the bathroom. The bathroom was a little dirty with hair on the floor to finish off the topping on the cake. The Air Condition only worked during the night, so you had to spend most of the day on the town until it cooled off at night. I had 4 kids which meant a lot of pool time. The pool closed to the kids at 7:00pm and after that they did not have any cartoon channels for the kids! I stayed for 5 days, which meant I had to buy snacks. To get to you car you had to walk at least a half mile and carrying stuff back and forth to your room with the whole family(right through the casino) was embarrassing to say the least with ice chests, food, snacks,suitcases, etc. Another one of the rooms we had also had A/C problems and ended up going back down to the front desk to get another room. They did not offer another room, I had to ask for another room. The molding on the ceiling was coming apart and the tv in the room was only 20 inches and did not rotate for the kids to watch. The rooms smelled old and the sheets had stains. After they fixed the fan in the bathroom it blew all the old dust on my head everytime you used the commode.	
Sep 7 2008 	will return when they finally blow it up!	This place should be shut down, how it passes a health inspection is beyond me. There are many other places on the strip for the same price and age who update their rooms but the Tropicana hasn't touched the place since it's grand opening!!! Safety is a huge concern here as well, prostitutes &amp; drug dealers are Obvious I saw no security anywhere near their resort. Hallways and stairwells smelled of urine doors had no security locks or knobs for that matter to keep shady people out. The room was nasty, I couldn't stay, it was worth the money to RUN and get a reservation else where. The only way I will ever return is to watch it get blown up for a new hotel.	
Sep 5 2008	perfect price 	We booked thru US air vacations, not a bad deal at all, direct flight from Baltimore and four nights at the Tropicana for $816 for two people. After reading the reviews, I was a bit concerned but I worried for nothing, upon check-in I asked for an upgraded room to the tower, she did it with no problem and it only cost us an additional $10 per night, we were in room 867, nice and big with a great view of the strip. The room was clean, the housekeeping did a great job each day, fresh as a darn daisy. Now a word about the housekeeping, we both ( me and Kelly ) left a significant amount of money in our room by accident while we were off on a daytrip to the Grand Canyon, we didn't realize it till we were on the bus leaving, we were both a bit nervous, like I had said it was an accident, when we finally got back, all our money was there, not one dollar missing, thank God, always lock up your valuables of course, now to the bathroom, nice and spacious and I loved the tub, I didn't see any dirt or mildew and if you have aching muscles, this is the place to soak!yes the Hotel &amp; Casino are older but it certainly didn't affect our trip in a negative way at all, wish we had time for the pool, that looked fun ! The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly, no problems there either, my advise: go for the tower on a non-smoking floor, wishing you a great stay !	
Sep 4 2008 	bombarded	My wife and I just returned from a 3 day 2 night stay at the Tropicana in Las Vegas. Overall we had a great time and really enjoyed Dirk Arthur and the Follies Bergere. The one major complaint we both have, is that you can't walk through the casino or main hall of the Tropicana without being bombarded with pushy sales reps. We found ourselves trying to find alternative routes to our room every day. We did alot of walking and visiting at other hotels on the strip, and this only seemed to be happening at the Trop. If we had to do this trip again, we would chose another hotel and pay more per night if necessary.	
Sep 4 2008	Smelly Tropicana	We didnt stay at the Tropicana but had to enter the hotel to see the Titanic Exhibition (which was great)! The Hotel had sticky carpets and had a stale smell through the casino and other public areas. Really tired and run down. Woudlnt stay there if they paid me!!	
Aug 30 2008 	Only saving grace are the employees	At first glance, the property is beautiful however, on closer inspection, it is a ceste pool of filth. Room was passible however, the patio area was disgusting with cigarette butts several inches high, beer cans, garbage and even boxer shorts littering the foliage. We had a towel in the bushes above our patio during our whole stay. The patio itself was so dirty, you really wouldn't want to venture out there without shoes on. The patio to my sister's room was so sticky, their shoes stuck to it. We confined our swimming to the adult pool and there was a raw sewage smell wafting through the whole pool area. It was coming from the fish pond in front of the cabanas. It was thick with green slime. I'm sure at one time, it was quite spectacular but obviously hadn't been cleaned in several YEARS. The room's air conditioning was awful. It cooled more like a swamp cooler. The room was humid and sticky as were all of our clothes. Sleeping was impossible with the warm conditions. The only saving grace for this hotel was the wonderful staff at the Tropicana. They were warm and very accomodating. They would be the ONLY reason I would ever return.	
Aug 27 2008 	You get what you pay for!	I read all the reviews before booking; however, Tropicana met my two most important criteria -- location and price. We stayed 4 nights. The location is ideal and the price was great. The buffet is awful, to say the least, particularly when the newer, glitzier hotels have amazing buffets (Paris has the BEST breakfast buffet). The room was old and outdated, but very clean. We did not have the &quot;pests&quot; that others mentioned. The sheets and king-sized bed were very, very nice. I was surprised, however, to see that the ceiling and headboard were mirrored - kind of tacky. We somehow didn't get maid service (if that's what it's called) on one day. The elevators are slow and rickety, and two escalators were inoperable during our entire stay. I was told by an employee that &quot;they&quot; won't put any money into maintaining the property as they're hoping to sell. I'm sure it will be leveled and a new, higher priced hotel will take it's place. All in all, I got what I paid for.	
Aug 26 2008	Dirtiest place ever!	This is the worse place ever to stay. It was cheap but not worth it. The 4 nights we stayed there our rooms were not cleaned at all. The only way we knew housekeeping was there was because we received fresh towels and toilet paper. But they never made our bed, wash our sheets or did anything else. On the third night there I noticed a rash on my arms. As soon as I came home I went to the doctors to find out I had scabies. I am %100 sure it is because of this hotel. I had a friend who stayed at the Mandalay the exact same time as us and he only paid $200 more. I think it's definitly worth it to pay just a little bit more. He had much more of a relaxed stay then I did. Also our bed was hard as rock and all the escalaters in the building were broken.I am warning everyone...DO NOT STAY HERE. Pay a bit extra money to stay somewhere much more comfortable.	
Aug 17 2008 	Old hotel bad service stinky room and smelly places bad food don't go there	Couldn't choose between smoking/non-smoking room. Got a smoking room that stank heavely (more than normal smoking rooms). Was promised a non-smoking room for the following night, but that room was not available at the time the hotel promised (several hours after the time we were promised). No compensation granted. Was informed that the hotel had been fully booked for three days - however, we were able to book just the night before. Hotel lies and doesn't keep promises :o In generel: The hotel has had it's best days. Carpets are worn down and fitted with duck tape several places (you'll notice that all over the hotel). Escalators doesn't work. Public rooms smell of &quot;old carpets, old things&quot;. The food served in the hotel tastes like something made in a very big kitchen (over-cooked and not tasty!). Casino layout is old fashined and outdated. Service provided by staff are bad (the only exception is room-service who are very keen to provide guest service, but we were not at all motivated to try it out).If you want a good stay in Vegas, don't stay at Tropicana. However, spend a few $ more an go for another 3-star hotel. Tropicana doesn't deserve the stars, everything considered.If we had to choose again, we'd go for one of the newer hotels on The Strip.If booking through Hotwire, be sure to select 4 star hotel. It's worth it!	
Aug 17 2008 	Great rate...location....good experience!	After reading some of the reviews posted (having just returned from 4 nights at the Tropicana), I wonder why some of the negative reviewers would choose an older hotel when there is lots of spit, polish and glitz to choose from in Las Vegas......IF YOU WANT TO PAY FOR IT. I wasn't expecting the Bellagio so I was quite content with the Island Tower room which we requested. Our check-in was quick albeit the walk from the lobby to our rooms was a bit long (suggest wheeled luggage....there are no bellhops)......yes, there is a surcharge for the use of the pool, gym and health club (it was not included in our expedia rate)....the facilities (pool and spa) were clean and well maintained. The gardens....well cared for. Our room overlooked the garden and pool.......no terraces.....good a/c......6 elevators serving the tower......our room was cleaned thoroughly each day....older facilities (ie. decor) should not be confused with cleanliness......the buffet was ok (I wasn't expecting 5 star) but hey this is Las Vegas........walk 5 minutes to the next hotel and eat there........(Excalibar has a great buffet........but the hotel itself was a little tooooooo theme oriented for me).........so to be helpful to those contemplating the Tropicana.......go if you like low key, clean, convenient.......don't go if you want the GLITZ........the MGM Grand is next door (just be ready to spend lots more $$$$).	
Aug 16 2008 	WORST THAN HELL stay away better off being homeless!!	Do not honor its own web site price, a tons of hidden charge notdisclosed or use technical word to-mislead you.1. room is dirty, smell worst than the cigarette room in airport, mildew, yakky smell make you sneeze all day.everywhere, elevated make cranky noises, peeling paint.2. Tiny pest, insect running in your bed.3. internet charge is extra, ($15.00??) and also resort fees but cannot us the swimming pool because of rain all day.4.BANGING noises, furniture moving around, kids tune on music allnight unit 7am.5. No warm water, shower head lead and no water pressure, just a light drip, good luck and get cold.6. Carpet look moldy, dirty.7&gt; *****WATCH OUT, THERE IS MOUSE********MORE EXCITE THAN ANY OTHER HOTELS IN LAS VEGAS.	
Aug 12 2008 	Older hotel did the job	We just returned from our stay at the Trop and even though it is an older hotel it was a nice place to stay. Our room was in the older part of the hotel but had great access to the pool, casino, and parking lot. The bed was a little hard for me but my husband like it.Mint Monday's was a fun event as they have a DJ playing music and drink special so really enjoyed that. We had both the Magic show and Foles show comped as we got a winners club card and had many points added so I advise you to get one.We ate at the morning buffett and I can say it really was not up to par. We had eaten there a couple of years ago and it was better back then. We did eat at the Japanese restauraunt and that was really good. All in all the stay was good and it is in a good location with walking distance to the rest of the strip and would stay there again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Awful awful stay away please!!!	Geez Louise, this place should be torn down. When you surf the net to find accommodations, this hotels pops up and is ever present. I chose to stay there despite all the reviews to give my stay the benefit of the doubt. The food was awful in the two restaurants in the hotel where we ate, the staff (every single one of them that I was in contact with) was so impolite. The rooms were just plain awful. I think my kids ended up getting rashes all over their backs from being bitten by bed bugs no doubt. The carpets were dirty, the bathrooms were deplorable and the mattresses dirty, smelly and uncomfortable. I was given several different rooms to view after I saw four that looked like I was seeking accommodations at a 'sleezy' joint. It took me 5 hours to finally settle on a satisfactory room which turns out to be &quot;NOT!!&quot;.	
Aug 8 2008 	Great view of the strip	We stayed here on our way to some National Parks. We usually stay at ExCaliber when in Vegas, but the Tropicana offered cheaper rates and was just across the street. The room itself was great; a little outdated, but very clean, with little touches of faded luxury. The bed was very comfortable, the sheets a good quality, and from the 16th floor Island Tower we had a fabulous view of both the Tropicana's lush gardens and the Strip. (I hear it will be remodeled this yearIt was very inconvenient...no clear instructions of where to park (they had covered parking plus a guest parking lot)....it took awhile to find where to check in, but that went smoothly.....to get to our room we had to cross the casino, go up a small escalator, down a long hall (convention center and shopping mall), make a turn, then found elevators. But once we found our room and learned our way around, we enjoyed it. We ate at the buffet in the casino; it was OK but nothing to write home about. Other casinos have much better food.The hotel is on the strip, but the strip is extremely busy. To cross the street, you go to one of the tramway overpasses, which should be accessible by escalator at decent distances apart. However, NONE of the escalators were working, so we had to climb stairs (about 50 per flight).....the streets were filthy, littered with nude pictures and non-english speaking people were waving placards advertising prostitutes and dirty shows. If we go again, it will be on the other end of the strip where Ceasars Palace, etc. are located.The staff was professional and helpful.	
Aug 8 2008 	Great Location Shabby Rooms	My sister booked the room for us. I was leary because of the reviews I read. The hotel is located at the beginning of the strip. We stayed in the Paradise Tower which was great because of my elderly mother. We could get out of the car, walk up about 4 steps and a few yards and get onto the elevator. Our room was just past it. Carpeting was worn as well as the bathroom tiled floor. Didn't feel comfortable sitting on the chairs because the wooden areas were sticky. Beds were hard. It did have a mini-frig. We had no issues with the staff. You could also access the MGM and Excalibur via the overhead pedestrian walkways. So the location was great, but the rooms needed upgrading.	
Aug 7 2008 	Unacceptable	I booked my trip with the Tropican 7 months early. I made a request for a balcony room since it is our 1 year anniversary (we got married in Las Vegas 1 year ago to the day). I phoned to inquire about this and they told me they could not guarantee my request. This is unacceptable. I made these reservations almost a YEAR in advance to secure these details and yet they will NOT HONOUR these arrangements. I HIGHLY suggest that you DO NOT boot with this establishment. They do not seem to care whether you are there or not and they do not seem too care if you are happy in any way. I did phone and talk to them personally ......TWICE.....and still they did not care. The only thing they seemed to care about is that we couldn't cancel at this late date. THANKS FOR MAKING OUR ANNIVERSARY SOOOOO0O WONDERFUL!!!!!!!! Would NEVER stay here.	
Aug 4 2008 	this hotel needs a makeover	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Tropicana on the 4th of July holiday. I had already read previous reviews of the hotel, so I had an idea of what to expect. The only good thing about the hotel is the location. We also won tickets for their topless show “Folies Bergere” upon check in, but that show seriously needs some updating, different seating arrangements and a new lead singer. We did like the comedian and the twins. We stayed in a standard Garden Room. There was no fridge, the shower head was too low (and I’m only 5’4”) so I had to stoop under it, and the water that came sputtering out was either too hot or too cold. And we were charged the extra daily fees for shower/pool, which we never used. Everything about that hotel is out dated, it was depressing having to go back to our hotel after visiting the nicer ones nearby. I don’t think we’ll ever stay there again.	
Aug 3 2008 	I Love the Trop!	I knew what to expect at the Trop., a great price, a great pool, and a great location. I also expected old rooms, bad food, and non existent drink service on the casino floor. The positives FAR outweighed the negatives. I paid $37 a night and got a $50 discount from Orbitz. My total with tax was $206 for 4 nights (plus service charge). I tipped the desk clerk $20 and was upgraded from the cheapest room (Garden room) to a MUCH nicer room in the Paradise tower. Table games were good, slots and video poker were horrible. I spent every day at the adult pool, which was a blast! A wide variety of fun people.The Celebration Bar had a great band every night 9 - 2am. Had an awesome time talking to people from all over the world! I vacation a lot throughout the U.S. I'm used to staying at Hampton Inns, Best Westerns and the like. The tropicana was in the same category for quality of the rooms, and was much better in terms of the pool and fun atmosphere.I would highly reccommend the Tropicana for older singles, couples, and families looking for a fun Vegas hotel without the outrageous prices and pretentiousness found at the Mega Resorts.	
Aug 1 2008 	Not that great	The Tropicana is an old Vegas hotel that has some issues. Our rooms were in the Garden area- these are in the oldest part of the hotel. Drippy faucets, worn furniture, and stained carpets were in our two rooms. The place was cheap which we liked and we spent very little time in the room. The hotel staff was nice and the buffet is great. The magic show was fabulous. But, I don't know if I would stay here again.	
Aug 1 2008 	Hidden charges.	Stayed at this hotel 16 July 08 for 3 nights. On arrival we were told we have to pay $8.74 extra per night for free local calls and use of the pool etc, I would rather this was put on original bill ! If you are staying 14 nights well you do the maths. But rooms are clean a little bit tired but still ok and location is nice for a walk along the strip. We also stayed at the Excalibur in tower 1 for 2 nights later on in holiday but to be honest wished we had stayed back in the Trop, the pool is great, and rooms better. Oh when you get to room you will prob have to get maintenance to reset room safe because previous occupants have locked it when they checked out, this happened in 5 different hotels, have a great time in Vegas, we did !!!!	
Jul 29 2008 	Run the other way!	We were there with a wedding party and the whole family experienced problems. Dirty rooms, stopped up sinks, and even rat feces found in a bath towel!! If we wanted to meet someone we would have to schedule at least another 30 minutes into the plan to make sure we made it up/downstairs in time because of broken elevators and over-crowded lifts. I asked a few people what the problem was and was told, &quot;oh, those are broken all the time.&quot; Each day was a new disaster and the front desk kept reducing the rate, but the person who had the rat problem should have had their room for free. Rumor has it the buildings were scheduled to be torn down and the deal fell through, so they've had to keep running the place. That is no excuse for such a dirty, dirty environment. Don't book here whatever you do!!!	
Jul 29 2008 	Had Low Expectations and Got Even Less	I had booked a group for my wedding. I wanted something everyone could afford and was willing to deal with a bit of a rundown property. What I didn't expect was the horrible service and terrible conditions. Many of my guests were refused non smoking rooms, meet clogged sinks and toilets upon check in and even encountered visibly dirty bathtubs. They called me to take care of it because I was the group contact. I could not get any resolution via the front desk and I had to have them moved to other towers of the hotel. Thus making the group plan a waste of time and money considering they could have stayed much cheaper had they not booked directly and been willing to stay in another tower. Upon ordering room service we asked for water and were told that NV was in a drought and we could not have water. When we asked for cups to drink tap water we were advised we would have to rent them for $2.10 each. At one point in my 5 day stay I left my key in the room. I went to the front desk and told them I had left it in the room and just needed an extra key. The person then actually re keyed our room and deactivated all 8 girls keys. When I called to ask why they told me to come back down to the desk. When I got to the desk I was told that I didn't need to come down and to go back up and call a different number. When I finally got an answer they said that she reported it as a lost key not an extra key and then I had to go back down to the front desk to get all 8 keys redone. The Tux shop in the hotel that I took my dress too for pressing informed me when I picked it up that she could only take cash because the hotel doesn't want her doing pressing. I only had my credit card and she acted like I was the problem when she was breaking the rules and didn't tell me until I picked the dress up. On the night of my wedding we used my suite to get ready in. At 11 am we asked that after 4pm housekeeping please come by and tidy the room since the groom and I would be returning to the room that night. When we returned at 2 am they had not been there and the bed was still unmade, towels on the floor, the whole mess was still there. Overall I was repeatedly shocked and disturbed by the service at The Tropicana and I will never stay there again.	
Jul 23 2008 	Typical Tropicana aged but still great...	We have been staying at Tropicana for almost 16 years. We have stayed at a few other resorts, b ut prefer the classic feel of the Trop and like the fact that the pool is less than 5 minutes from our room. I have been reading some of the poor reviews recently and also know something about Tropicana’s business situation and went into this with a reviewers eye and attitude.I arrived for a slot tournament on Thursday, July 17th. Check in was smooth, quick and my room in the Island Tower was ready on arrival. When I went to the room is was typical Tropicana: Dated, but clean. Drab bed spread and drapes. My view of the pool and strip were exceptional. I headed for the pool where there was a party atmosphere. People complain that the pool isn’t clean. I can tell you that for some part this is true, but it is primarily due to the extensive and mature landscaping in the area. When you have exotic tropical plants and trees and wind, you will have lots of debris. Most of what I found in the pool was landscape related (other than a few plastic cups). The drink service was good at the pool and there was ample booze in each drink. They were doing Caribbean Jerk sandwiches and other BBQ stuff at the pool and I found the meals served there were above average for the price. Breakfasts at the buffet were pretty decent-about average of what you find on the strip. Dinners at the Garden Café were average as well. The meals provided at the slot tournament were above average and a hosted bar was nice as well. The bars were above average with friendly bartenders for the most part, and quick service. I was rarely in need of a fresh drink. I played video poker at the bars, and some rapid roulette, where the attendants were fun, but drink service pretty slow. Housekeeping was ample and my room was kept clean and stocked for the entire 5 nights. They had a Mint Mondays pool party on Monday night, which was a little crowded and crazy for me, but the band was outstanding. The band at the celebration lounge (Friends) was great, as always and lots of people, including my wife and I, danced it up. The band covers almost anything and it very versatile. I locked my keys in my room one night and security showed up within minutes to let me into my room. I also had a problem computing my comp points, but it was taken care of quickly by front desk staff most of which were very courteous (except for a few old grouches). Overall the Tropicana was a great value and stood out again as a aged gem that isn’t for everyone. Those who don’t mind the old school Vegas style will love it. Those who are more inclined for the ultra new, squeaky clean mega resort, avoid it because you will probably find something to complain about.	
Jul 22 2008 	Old hotel but great service staff	My sister and I stayed at the Tropicana in July 2008 because of the location and great pool! We had five kids with us ranging in age from seven to seventeen. Check in was swift and the front desk was very helpful. We stayed in the standard garden room which definitely needs an over haul but it was a place to sleep. Our room was on the ground floor so parking was great because we could just hop over the balcony to the vehicle. The pool was only open until 7 pm at night which we weren't happy about. We like to be out all day and relaxing at night by the pool but on Mondays they have a pool party and then the pool is open until 11 pm. We had a great time at the pool party!!!! We are not big gamblers at all but by signing up for their players card and putting about $ 50.00 each in the slots we recieved 4 free tickets to Dirk Arthurs Extreme Magic Show -which the kids Loved!!!- and 4 free tickets to Foles Berege Show-which was wonderful!!-. While we were at the magic show we met a very nice couple who also gave us their four comped tickets to Foles so we could bring the kids. We found all the people that worked there to be very willing to help us out with what we needed. We were never in need of a drink in the casino-the waitresses were great! We found the atmosphere of the Tropicana to be very upbeat and a lot of fun even though the rooms sure need updating!!!	
Jul 15 2008 	Has gone downhill badly.	I had writen this entire HUGE review only to lose it, so your getting edited version now. I used to love this hotel but its gotten REALLY bad. Have stayed at the Trop several times, it has steadily gotten worse &amp; the last trip very well is probably my last. island rooms stunk, &amp; we were told by a manager who was back there that they were not taking care of it anymore since its slated for Demolition. No ice machines on some floors, was stinky, moldy &amp; just gross. Compared to my 1st stay which I stayed back there which was fabulous only 3 years before. We moved to the front tower &amp; the room was ok, not fabulous. Hard to get elevators there as everyone seemed to be staying in that tower. I have stayed in all the styles of rooms at least ONCE. the garden ones were disgustion &amp; for the $10 upgrade I would stay in island first, the front tower I was ok with but its older &amp; basically the entire place needs to be dozed. Its old &amp; dirty, the casino is old &amp; cobwebs &amp; stains on the ceiling BUT its actually quieter &amp; more manageable than some of the larger ones. I felt more homey to me. THe machines dont change much except they finally put in ticket payers. THe food there SUCKS. the buffet is nasty &amp; gross especially breakfast. I only eat if its free. THe deli I have never eaten in &amp; the steak house was horrid, my friends went there for a good meal with her comps she earned while staying with me, the waiter was rude &amp; the food was horrible, they said they would never eat there again &amp; they only went because she had over $50 in comps to use, the hotel was supposed to put it on my room charges &amp; heck I hardly had any, so all our comps were wasted because I wasnt able to use mine either since it all goes to the room. As a gold member I think it could have been taken care of differently. I called to ask about comp suite for my next trip to be told it would be $250 a nite. forget it. I am not going to PAY them for thier crappy rooms on top of all the $$ I spend there. the rewards program stinks. Now i was told by a friend who lives out there they found E coli in the water system of the front tower. NO way am I going back until this place is rebuilt.	
Jul 11 2008 	Excellent Customer Sercvice	This was mine and my girl's first time in Las Vegas...together. We had both been there before so we had some idea on what to expect as far as the people, the lights, the noise, the traffic...the city in general. We were determined to have a good time, being that we're both in the travel industry and rarely travel ourselves.We arrived a little after dusk. The parking was okay. It was actually a bit of a walk if you don't park up front and use the valets, but not too bad. Check in was swift and friendly, and we were directed toward our room. Here's were things got weird!Our room was a Garden Standard on the third floor and there were beer bottles and martini glasses on the desk...not good. We called immediately down stairs to have them come clean the room, which was okay since we were planning on going out to the strip and looking around on foot. We were gone about two hours, and upon our arrival, everything was shiny new like it never happened. We figured no harm no foul and went to sleep on the very comfortable, very large bed. The next morning we got up, had breakfast, and got back to the room around noon to sleep off my six omelettes! I soon realized that there was no AC in this room. The sun was being reflected right through our window and we felt like we were cooking. After the AC control switch had been turned all the way down for an hour before we call to inquire. We were told that the hotel doesn't activate its AC until June 1st. Again, my girl came through on this one, HUGE!My girl, who is a customer service genius, immediately asked to speak to someone. She threatened to take our business down the road if something was done. Within 20 minutes, we were packed and on our way to the front desk where we were shown to the Island Tower. This is the room we should have gotten. This room did have AC, and much much more. It was very clean, huge bed...with mirrors all around and on the ceiling! The most awesome bathroom I've ever had in a hotel, with a tub big enough for the two of us to sit down and stretch out completely. The view wasn't much, but had we been on the other side, there are great views to be had. There was even a little shopping boulevard on the way to the tower area from the casino floor. The vendors there weren't very pushy and very polite. This room made our trip so perfect we were ready to stay another night.The thing that brought everything together was the customer service at the Tropicana. People there were more than willing to help make up for the mistakes beyond their control. Service was friendly and always prompt. I would definitely stay there again, but this time I'll get the Island Tower to start!	
Jul 10 2008 	Tropicana old school but still great for the money.	I chose this property due to it's price and location on the Las vegas strip. The rooms were clean needs some renovations. I enjoyed the breakfast buffet. It was an excellent value. The pool is great and loved the music and pool scene. I heard they are going to renovate. This hotel is alittle old school, but I love it. There are only a few hotels left with the look of Vegas back in the day. I enjoyed my stay and for the money, I could not complain one bit. If you want better then spend the big bucks at the other hotels. If you want a place for location and value the Trop is it.	
Jul 8 2008 	Tropicana The Terrific	We were booked in to the Tropicana, for the New year break 2008. We were surprised to find a great Hotel right in the heart of the strip.We found the staff most helpful, even to the point of going out of their way to assist us (heating a heat pack for an injured shoulder when asked for.)The room was excellent, (seconed stay in vegas) great view, clean room, fresh towels, spot on.We knew it wasn't a five star resort, when we booked, but at the same time, it was really good value.Seeing it was probably the busiest time of the year, I can say after traveling on a long haul from Aus. we had a great time at the Trop, and would stay there again.	
Jul 2 2008	They should be ashamed...Terrible customer service!	I fully expected the hotel to be a little run-down for the price - that did not bother me nearly as much as the lousy customer service. We were greeted at the reception desk by a clerk that clearly didn't give a hoot about our business. We had reserved a non-smoking room with two queen beds, which was unavailable. Again, I don't mind mistakes from time to time when the representative of the hotel at least acknowledges the mistake. Rather than apoligizing however, the clerk that helped us snidley grabbed our reservation and took great pleasure in pointing out the small print stating that all reservations were subject to availability, before sneering at us and returning to his computer. When we opened the pull-out couch that was supposed to fill in for our second bed, there was a huge hole in the bottom and we had to prop the sagging part up with pillows...pillows that it took us three hours to get from reception. While we there for three nights, nothing was replaced by house cleaning and we didn't have glasses for water or clean towels. And on the third morning, I noticed a piece of candy on the floor by the bed that none of us had been eating. Finally, on the way out, we had a bellman take our luggae to the car and we chose the quick check-out option, not interested with another run-in with the front desk. An HOUR later, we finally located our luggage, which had somehow gotten lost in the transfer. The Valet manager had been asked to find it, but when I finally went looking for him to find out what had happened, he was standing and shooting the breeze with one of his employees. When he saw he, he apoligized and said that he had forgotten all about me. With all of the choices that we have in Vegas, pay the extra $30 a night and stay somewhere else!!!!	
Jun 26 2008	Worst Experience and Bankrupt hotel	The hotel is run down and is in need of major renovations. Our baggage with a bridesmaid dress and electronics was stolen from the main entrance in front of security while waiting to be moved into the baggage holding room while our room was getting ready. Actually our baggage never made it into the holding room but sat outside for 4 hours in the same place we had left it in the morning waiting to be moved into the room. The hotel did absolutely nothing for us and we had no bridesmaid dress so we had to go buy 2 more dresses for the wedding the next day. When we got home we found out the Tropicana has filed for Bankruptcy and is in Chapter 11 so we can't get anything out of them. I will never stay there again and will tell everyone about this horrible experience with this hotel.	
Jun 20 2008 	Not quite the nightmare some people say	This place has quite a few negative reviews, but I decided for the price it might be worth a try. I knew beforehand of the &quot;resort fee&quot;. A lot of resorts add those type charges when you check in. This was a moderate fee but covered pretty much anything, so if you use any of the facilities, it balances out. The staff was pretty average for courtesy.They upgraded me from the cheapest room to the better tower rooms. The room had a decent view and was old but not rat infested. Everything was clean and the only real ugly thing would be a nasty stain on one end of the couch. A lot of the older Vegas hotels are like this.The only thing that I thought was bad was the elevators smell like a smokers convention, and it's hard to find coffee before 6am.All in all not to bad a place for the money.	
Jun 20 2008 	Very Pleasantly Surprised	After seeing some of the previous reviews on this website I was quite apprehensive about staying in the Tropicana but I was joining a large group of friends who had already booked it for a weekend away.I paid £110 for 3 nights in one of the Tower rooms. The room was very nice, clean, well furnished and had a decent view of the strip. The hotel itself is a little dated compared to some of the other more expensive hotels on the strip but it is excellent value for money. Some of my group were staying in the 4000 wing which I have to admit was a bit shoddy so I would recommend staying in one of the Tower rooms rooms and you won't be disapointed.	
Jun 16 2008 	Grandma's Essence hotel	This is the worst hotel that I've ever been. I stayed in one of the &quot;newly renovated&quot; tower suites. The sheets smells like somebody else's body odor. Corridor and suite smells like those antique store/ thrift shop.I would recommend this to those who really missed their grandma's essence. Location though is not bad.	
Jun 11 2008 	Hellhole.	As a travel agent that specializes in no-frills budget travel, I thought I'd give the Tropicana a chance on a trip to Vegas this month. They aren't the cheapest place on the Strip-- plenty of hotels have cheaper rooms, a lot of them recently updated. But... The Trop's a classic, so we gave it a shot. When we got to the hotel, it was about 11:00 am. I knew that check in wasn't *technically* until 3:00 pm, but we were checking in on a weekday the week AFTER Memorial Day, so the chances that EVERY room was completely full were slim to, uh, NONE.Walking in the hotel lobby and casino, we were overcome by the smell of smoke and sweat and dust. The place is old, there's no getting around that, and they are in desperate need of an overhaul-- especially with their HVAC systems! I walked up to the desk and we were gruffly told that we had to go outside and leave our bags will the bellhop and that we couldn't check in until after 3:00. Fine. Didn't have to be so rude, and there wasn't any reason for them NOT to check us in, but whatever...We checked our bags, got lunch, and then did some wandering around. We headed back to the hotel at about 4:30 to get checked in and to clean up and change before dinner. The line, for check in, went down into the casino it was so long. We waited for an hour and a half just to get checked in-- completely unacceptable! They could have been checking people in slowly, as rooms came available, instead of requiring everyone to come and wait at the same time. And if that is the method they're going to use, then they need to staff up to accomodate everyone.When I got up to the desk, I was told that we were recieving a complimentary upgrade to a &quot;tower&quot; room since I was a travel agent. Sweet! ...At least that's what I thought until we got INTO the room... The beds were sagging and gross. I don't even want to THINK about what the mattresses looked like underneath the dated and tattered bedding.The carpets were old, stained, and literally coming up off of the floor. They were all bunched up in places and ripped in corners and along the walls.The bathroom, while a nice size, was DISGUSTING. The shower was falling out of the wall, the tile had a decade's worth of mold on it, the fan/ventilation didn't work, the toilet was cracked, the floors had someone else's hair on them, and the shower curtain was filthy and falling off of the rod-- half of the hooks weren't even attached! The room stank of cigarette smoke and mildew and the air conditioner didn't work at all. (And the windows didn't open, so there was no respite from the dank air!) Instead of pumping in nice, cool air, the A/C pumped in recycled cigarette smoke and stale casino air at stagnant temperatures-- and we were in a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room!The decor was what I expected. Dated. Tacky. The television was just a small, dial television sitting on top of a rickety old dresser. There were a few ugly, faded &quot;paintings&quot; on the wall. The wallpaper and paint was coming off in places. The curtains were old and dusty. At night, we noticed that the curtains were full of moth holes and little beams of light shot through the &quot;black out&quot; courtains and into our room. We slept one night in the room. When I woke up in the morning, my throat was scratchy, my eyes burned, and my chest was congested-- and I don't even have allergies! We got ready and went down to the buffet for breakfast. I'm not a big breakfast fan, and I don't want a lot from a breakfast buffet, but sweet baby Jesus, the buffet was TERRIBLE. Even though it was mostly empty, we were made to wait in line after line. The buffet was over $10.00 and it consisted of a few random settings of food-- and NONE of it of any quality! The waitstaff were exceedingly rude, the food kept disappearing, and there were NO labels above any of the items to help you identify what, exactly, the slop in the tray was. I even witnessed a buffet employee yell at and push a buffet customer. For what? Dripping a little sauce on the buffet line. That afternoon, I'd had my fill of the Tropicana. I went to the desk and told them that not only had my experience been unfortunate, it had been absolutely unacceptable-- I've stayed in third world country hostels that were nicer than the Tropicana! The clerk didn't even want to hear my whole story-- there were three people behind me in line saying the same thing, and it seemed like the poor guy spent the majority of his day swapping rooms for pissed off guests.They switched our room to the OTHER tower, which was much nicer. Not NICE, mind you, just nicER. It was more along the lines of what I expected-- a hotel can be old, dated, and a little tacky but still be CLEAN. The new room was clean, well-maintained, and had a nice layout. It was still a standard room, not a suite, but it was the type of room I would have expected for my $50-$80 a night. Problem? They sell these rooms for over $100 a night-- so not worth it! You can stay at MUCH nicer hotels, in better Strip locations-- for the same price!After my first room, I was terrified to think of what my original room would have been like... If that room was my complimentary &quot;upgrade,&quot; what is a &quot;basic&quot; room at the Trop?!I am not a high-maintenance traveler. I don't require the nicest ammenities, the newest technology. I know that you get what you pay for, and I'm fine with a dial television and a few tacky paintings. But whether one star or five, there is NO excuse for the disgusting condition that the Tropicana is in right now.My suggestion? Take your money somewhere else. Shoot, take it across the street to the Excalabur-- they just remodeled and their prices are even cheaper than the Trop's!	
Jun 11 2008 	Dump	I stayed here for 2 nights. Room was disgusting. Bed was sagging, and old. Decor was embarrasing. Strange chains held the light up. This place should be knocked. My room had a balcony view of what looked like a garbage area. I will never stay here again.	
Jun 9 2008 	Pool Still Great but ...	Stayed Thurs, Fri, Sat Nights. I am a LV local and stay with my buddies when they came in to town. I am fully aware of the Trops change of ownership and almost closing and how the place has been neglected. We stayed in the Garden rooms and changed once as a bed was bad (saggy). The rooms are old and like a cheap motel. The second room had a rusty bathtub drain. The rooms were clean and the maid staff does a great job under advese conditions. The hallways in the Garden rooms are old and dingy. The second room was on the third floor and we had a nice little patio facing the small adults only pool. The AC worked perfect and would turn the room into an igloo. Pool: The pool was great. They have lots of shade from big trees and on Sat had a live band. Pool volleyball is a added bonus. Food: Garden Cafe was good for lunch and breakfast but for some reason no pancakes or French toast. They are probably are too cheap to cheap to buy a new griddle.Had the worst pastrami of my life at Players Deli next to the Leroys sports book. They need to emply the trashs cans around the property more frequently. Sun morning almost all cans were overflowing and I did not see anybody till around noon addresssing this. Makes the property feel messy and unkept.Staff: Everyone I spoke to was very friendly and helpful. Location: Thats the main reason to stay here. Walk to Excalber, NYNY, MGM etc. Met several groups going to see Kenny Chesney at MGM. Price: You get what you pay for.If you are on budget and want good pool action, and can tolerate the room conditions, then the Trop may be ok for you, but just stay away from the Players Deli.	
Jun 7 2008 	Faded but fine	It's faded, but it's fine, especially at $49 a night -- the current base rate, if you don't count the phony $7.95 a night &quot;resort fee.&quot; We stayed three nights on a package deal, were booked for a garden room, but upgraded to Island Tower without asking and/or charge. The room was large, clean and comfortable. Who could ask for more? Nothing broken, moldy, etc., as some reviews have mentioned. Sure, the hall carpet has wrinkles, and the decor is hopelessly out of date, but who cares? Even the ceiling/walls mirrors are a kick. Only complaint was dirty windows -- haven't been washed in a while. Room was cleaned and made up promptly every day. All the staff we encountered were friendly -- well, a couple dealers were unfriendly, but that's a Strip tendency. The swimming pool/garden area is beautiful -- a throwback to the Trop's glory days, and well maintained. We only ate at the breakfast buffet and in the deli, and both were good.The Strip location is great, and it's nice to find $5 blackjack and craps tables at a Strip resort. If you're on a budget and want to stay on the Strip, this is the place. But for a really great inexpensive experience, try the Main Street Station downtown.	
Jun 3 2008 	Loved the Trop	We stayed at the Tropicana for a week in July of 2007, and was invited back as a VIP guest this year. We were there from May 30 to June 2. They gave us 3 free nights in a suite in the Island Tower. The room is dated, but how long are you in the room? Everything worked good and the view was beautiful. The employees are awesome, willing to help with whatever you need. We aren't picky people so nothing really bothered us. As long as the Tropicana is still there, we would have no problem going back.	
Jun 3 2008 	Not the best	I was in Las Vegas for business and stayed at the Tropicana to save some money for the company. It did not feel like it was worth the price. The room I stayed in was in the Island Tower on the 20th floor, and probably one of the nicer ones in the hotel (the view was definitely amazing), however it was very very out dated and just gave me the over all feeling of never wanting to be there. I'm glad I rarely was. All of the fixtures were worn and looked unclean even though I saw house keeping everyday. The furniture was uncomfortable and there were mirrors everywhere (including over the bed!). The staff that I encountered were generally friendly and helpful. The location is a great starting point for everywhere else on the strip.I only ate in the hotel twice once at the Island Buffet for their breakfast buffet, and found little that was appetizing. The second time was at Java Java and was also quite disappointed with their offerings.	
Jun 2 2008 	Stay Away!!!!Disgusting is putting it nicely	Disgusting is putting it nicely… Not only is this hotel a total dump but the clientele and employees that they attract leave a lot to be desired... The first room I had had mold growing on the shower wall, broken toilet seat, unsightly stains on the rug, blankets and towels where thread bare…. I was moved to a suite which was clean but completely outdated and on its last leg. I had one good night of sleep as the place attracts a very young, drunk, loud, and partying type… Don’t bother calling security if your neighbor is throwing a rave next door, or you wake up to a domestic dispute @ 4:30AM as they won’t show up….… I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to anyone concerned about there personal safety… I found this place to not only lack anything resembling cleanliness but the staff there is as uninspired as the hotel… I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas and this one is by far the worst.... I wish I would have read the reviews before booking...	
Jun 2 2008 	The Worst Ever!	I just spent the worst time I have ever spent in a hotel. The Tropicana is not even on par with Motel 6 when it comes to their rooms. When I arrived on Thursday, 29 May, our room was not ready and smelt like vomit. This was at 4:45 p.m.! When I called about the way the room was trashed and smelled the manager on duty said that he would have someone there very soon. I asked him about another room, but was informed that there were not extra rooms. So my family and I went to eat. The Garden Cafe was very nice and clean. The staff was pleasant and the food was great. We stayed there for about an hour and half before returning to my room. During that time NO ONE had attempted to do anything about the situation. This time I walked up to the Manager on Duty to fill another complaint. When I arrived I noticed a discheveled man with a crooked nametag standing in the manger's station. I told him what was wrong with the room and the smell. He said he was sorry, but there were no other rooms to move us. He did comp the room for that night, but not after I asked pointed questions on how long it was going to take to get our room in order. By time I got back to the room the housekeeping lady was there looking a the mess that was left. It took her another 30 minutes to get it clean enough to move in. Later that night my wife wanted to take a bath, but the hot water knob broke and the water would not stop. My wife weights a maximum of 95 lbs, so the knob was damaged prior to our arrival. When I checked the closet it had a thick coating of dust on the shelf. This indicated that the room had not been cleaned in a few days or poorly cleaned. It took the maintenance man until 11:37 p.m. to get the faucet fixed (he was very pleasant and professional). In my opinion, I would never stay in a place like this &quot;hotel&quot; again. I would perfer to use a tent. I have travelled around the world for the last thirty years and have stayed in some dives, but never in one like this. I did not get the satisfaction that I should have received from a service related industry that the hotel represents. This hotel used to be the &quot;Gold Standard&quot; for Las Vegas, but now it is an embassment. This was my wife's first time to the area and most likely the last one thanks to the treatment we received.	
May 28 2008 	Cheap Rooms Not Worth The Savings	I was in town for a convention at the MGM. To save money for the company, we opted to stay a the Tropicana across the street. The hotel rooms in the cheapest tier ($69 on my stay) are very large, but they are in serious need of renovation. The 20 inch TV was on a rolling cart. The bathroom had stains and tiles falling off the wall. wall plugs are few and far between. On the last night of my stay, the handle on the sink broke. Luckily, I knew I could cut the water off from under the sink or otherwise I would have had to get the staff out pronto at 4AM to fix the problem.The casino its self is also dated. There were no video blackjack machines and the video poker had poor payouts. I did not spend much time at the Tropicana other than to crash after a full day at the convention. If I had intended on spending more time there, a $20 a night upgrade may have been worth the cost. If you do book this hotel, avoid the cheapest rooms at all costs.The location on the strip is ideal. A cab ride will cost you about $14 each way to and from the airport. Once there, you can walk to many other casinos or catch a cab to other strip locations. I would bet that the Tropicana will be replaced with some other casino in the next few years similar to what happened to the Sands and other Vegas institutions.	
May 27 2008 	wow	Where should I start ? Frankly this is probably one of the worst hotels in vegas. We stayed for a week in april 2007 in one of the suites on the last floor. We had a bedroom and a living room with a bar (tap had no water, fridge was empty etc..). We had a huge living space but everything was quite outdated and old.The room had a jacuzzi and the huge bathroom had a sauna and a hammam which was quite nice. The problem is that the overall atmosphere is so sad that I had a hard time enjoying the place. Service was ok but we only requested them once when the sliding door between the bedroom and the living room fell apart. We went out for dinner and by the time we got back the door was fixed.We probably had one of the top rooms in the hotel but it's really not worth it. Go somewhere else	
May 27 2008	Mainly OK	We stayed at Tropicana for about a week in May '08. Overall I agree with the reviews saying the place is nearing its end. Elevators, escalators and vending machines not working, unsightly stains on the carpet, drab interior...We stayed at Island Tower, the room had a safe (which happened to be locked so we didnt use it) but no refridgerator. Beds were ok. Bathroom old but ok. Was impressed with the staff (in general). Upon check-out they took HIDEOUSLY HIGH phone charges off our bill (beware - you get charged $12.50 JUST for the connection for cell and long-distance calls - even if there is no answer on the other end!!).Quite like the pool atmosphere. Even though it gets crowded, its a fun place, although perhaps not the best for families with kids. There are lots of young singles (buck and hen's parties) drinking in and by the pool!Probably worth the price mid-week, but we were charged $200 for saturday night, which i think is outrageous for the hotel.I can't say I hated the place, but next time i will go elsewhere.	
May 21 2008 	Go someplace else unless your standards are very low	How can you say awful? This hotel in its day was a true gem of the southern most part of the Las Vegas Blvd 'Strip'. Today, it's a bankrupt shadow of its former self.The rooms are priced very low, compared to other Strip hotels, and there's a reason why-- the place has been allowed to decay to a dump. The staff seem to be trying to assuage the pain, but it's a losing battle.The property has seen better days. While I was there, perplexing maintenance issues plagued the place. Elevators were shut off. A primary down escalator, one that's needed to get to both towers in the facility, wasn't working the entire time; handicap accessibility in the hotel is poor. You get charged a room fee of something like $7.95 if you book through an online source like I did (the hotel website might be different), allowing you to do things like use the pool and health center. Not that anyone checked. Add on top of that, $13.95 a day for weak WiFi whose sign-up system won't let you book several days worth if you need it (I did), and you must renew inconveniently, every day, where the site doesn't remember you. Want food? Have visions of inexpensive Las Vegas buffets or coffee shop food? Not at this hotel. Like to walk? Good, as you're a quarter mile from the front door to anywhere on the Strip. Fortunately, I like a good walk. The walk will be by various vendors in the main corridors, some of whom are quite aggressive.Perhaps if the room didn't have cigarette burns through it like a freeway no-tell-motel, and the shower/tub combo was useful, it might have been a bit more pleasant. My 'room with a view' (of the pool) might have been nicer if the windows had been washed sometime in the past decade. Perhaps it's better not to have a view of the pool area, itself very strange. There are numerous pools, none of which has any of the elan of other Strip hotel pools. They don't seem to be heated, and if it's chilly out, the wind whips through the place, blowing any and all things away. Perhaps wind generators are appropriate here, to heat the pool. The swim-up bar was closed. A couple of decades ago, it was a cool place to be. No more.If you're not from the US and want to see what's probably the way Las Vegas was in the 60's and 70's, this is it, gaudy, baudy, and now well past its prime. Should your standards and budget be really low, this is your place. You can do better elsewhere. Maybe anywhere.	
May 21 2008	Absoultely awesome stay for the value	You're obviously not going to get the Bellagio or the Wynn, but hey..you didnt pay the big bucks either! We had 2 joint jacuzzi suites and the living space was enormous, the staff made sure our rooms were clean, we had all the neccesities (extra towels, even toothbrushes/toothpaste, cups etc) whenever we needed them, It was my bachelor party and i spent 5 days out and about anyways, but the amount of time i spent in the room was great. (its location was pretty sweet near MGM, NYNY, Luxor etc) The POOL, now that was definately one of the best in vegas, volleyball nets , waterfalls, bar, cant ask for much more. If you don't care about saying you stayed at a megaresort, and wanna save some dollars and still have a blast, the tropicana is totally recommended!	
May 20 2008 	You can do much better elsewhere	I stayed at the Tropicana May 13 – 16, 2008 in an Island Tower room –this is suppose to be an upgraded room. It smelled heavily of chemical cleaner each of the days. Overall the room was semi-clean, very old and kind of disgusting. The bathroom tub had scum in it and the sink tap had black mold growing on the inside. Each day that passed, I noticed that the bathroom floor had not been swept. The bath towels are quite thin and small – so you will need to bring your own or use 2 towels each day. There was gum on the ceiling above my bed and food stains (ketchup maybe) on the wall. Our door would not lock properly and we had to have security assist us, since the staff would not move us to a different room.It’s also a very long walk to the Island Tower from the front of the casino. I’ve heard that the Paradise Tower (recently renovated) is okay. Avoid the standard rooms as they are only 4 -5 stories high and are close to the busy road full of traffic.The casino is old and very smoky/not well ventilated. The staff were not very friendly. The location is okay – it’s at the end of the strip by the MGM. But I found that the other end of the strip was more lively. This hotel seems more suited for youths who are looking to crash in a cheap room after a night of heavy drinking and don’t care about cleanliness. I have stayed at the Imperial before, which is in the same price range. I found that hotel cleaner and in a better location (middle of the strip).	
May 15 2008 	Great stay!	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Tropicana. I was real nervous after reading the reviews posted here. I just wanted to say that I would recommend staying here. The staff was friendly and very helpful.The rooms were clean and quite large for the price we paid. I would upgrade to the Paradise Tower. They have strip views,refrigerator, and a room safe. There was 9 in our group and they put us all together in the same area. We did all our gambling late at night there and all the dealers and cocktail waitresses were great and made it really fun! It's not the Ritz but perfect for under $100.00/night on the strip, on a weekend!! Would stay there again!	
May 10 2008 	Not Impressed	We stayed for 4 nights at the Tropicana and that was enough for us. We had our 19 year old and 10 year old with us. I will agree with the reviews that say it is an OK place to &quot;crash&quot; and it is a money grab until they tear it down. Overall we were disappointed.The Good:Location. Right on the strip and easy access to everything. Airport is close.Room was clean and spacious.The Bad:Escalators and elevators were broken throughout the entire weekend, but were somewhat running for the two weekdays we were there. A staff member recommended we take the freight elevator and that is what we used for the duration of the trip to get up/down to our room each day.The food was alright at the Buffet, however, at the other resturant in the hotel we found a hair in our food and we didn't eat in the hotel after that.The staff is hit and miss with helpfulness and friendliness. Overall they are not the most friendly bunch.Definelty a smoky smell hits you when you walk into the hotel and lingers throughout. Other hotels have smoking, but smell clean, not this hotel.The pool for families closed at 7:00pm and the adult pool stayed open. Would have been nice to use the pool facilities for the kid's sake a little later into the evening.The one bed in our room was on a slant (broken). The mattresses are very thin and old. The patch jobs on walls and coverups where outlets used to be were obvious.Normally I wouldn't write a review, but this warrants one. Shop around before staying here. There are much nicer places for the same cost. This hotel is NOT a 3 star.	
May 9 2008 	good for the money	After some of the reviews I read, I was a little nervous. For the money ($42/nt) the room was fine. They do charge you an extra $7.99/nt. resort fee when you get there. The room and bathroom were both large and clean. The drapes and chair were a little shabby and the towels were quite thin, but for what I paid, it didn't bother me. Inexpensive rooms are hard to find, so the Trop is an excellent value in a great location.	
Apr 30 2008 	$25/Night and Worth Every Penny!	First off...it's Vegas so when are you actually in your room? That's what me and the boys figured when we booked this baby for our little jaunt. The pool was really big, lots of chairs but the hot tub got a little scummy by the end of the day. There's no such thing as a non-smoking room in this place and it's definitely not for someone that's looking for luxury. Shower had decent pressure and the maids did the best that they could with the condition the tub was in. (Quite scratched and old.) The reception staff were quick and courteous during check in and out. Phone didn't work in the room and the door had to be slammed to make sure it was locked. It's at the end of the strip so you have to walk quite a ways to see the shows at Treasure Island or Bellagio, but the weather was sweet so it didn't matter. You're right close to the tram to Luxor (which I'll be staying in next time! wow) Didn't play any of the tables but they always seemed busy...Lucky Larry's Lobstermania paid for the trip off $5 so I can't really complain about anything else. I'd stay there again simply because it's a place to shower, change and pass out. I wouldn't book it for a romantic couple's weekend unless you plan on coming home single anyways...Boydo	
Apr 30 2008 	THE SPA at Tropicana- GROSS	I didnt stay at The Tropicana, but I booked two swedish massages at the Spa with aroma therapy and tans for myself and my boyfriend. The facility is gross. It's old with nasty tile all over the place. The only amenities are a tiny gym, showers, 1 jacuzzi, a steam room and sauna. There is also a room to relax and sit, but its right next to the gym and you can hear everything. Its also next to the lockers. The place is tiny. You cant blow dry your hair because the only massage room is right next door. They do 3 massages at once in one room. The music in the place goes off and on, so its not exactly tranquil. The staff is un helpful, they didnt bother to even mention if bathingsuits are optional or not. Myself and a few other guests were not sure what to do. I got my massage from Kim and she was very good. I really liked my massage with her. I had to pay ahead of time so I opted to put a tip on later. When I tried to do so, they said they had to re run my credit card with the tip amount. So it looks like I spent an addional $50 instead of tipping. I really hope they gave it to Kim. The tanning bed is a single person stand up bed that runs for 12 minutes if you need 12 minutes or not. I had to decide for myself when I was done and get out. There's no way to pre set the time. Overall, its cheap $90 for a massage... but it should be $60. I would not even use the facility, its got nothing going for it. I wasnt relaxed at all except when getting the massage. Spent the additional money and try a newer spa.	
Apr 24 2008 	I would go back	We recently stayed at the Tropicana, I was nervous when I made the reservation b/c I knew the hotel was dated and some of the reviews I read were scary..We checked in on Friday night (4/18/08) @ 10:30pm (Vegas time) – the line was a little long but not that bad. The room was OK, it was bigger than I thought it would be – the entire place is definitely dated but not that bad, it is smoky, if you can tolerate the smell of cigarettes than its ok (we’re not smokers, but we dealt with it) – the staff was cordial – the strange part of the room is the mirrors all around the bed, it makes you wonder how many people did the “deed” in this bed (ha-ha) – overall I would say it was an ok experience – we really enjoyed ourselves in the casino, the waitresses were quick with the cocktails and the card dealers were very nice too. I would stay there again; I just wish they had control over the smoke. You can’t beat the location and price! Its worth it.We booked our hotel through vegas.com	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Trip	I love the Trop. It was my first time staying here, but I've visited this property on many previous trips. You can't beat the location (sharing the intersection with MGM, New York New York and the Excalibur). For the price and the location, it's a steal. It might not be a mega resort, but you're not paying for it either.Nothing but friendly people here. I would recommend this place to anyone except the very high maintenance.	
Apr 13 2008 	The worst!	The Tropicana needs a complete overhaul if not immediate destruction. We stayed at Tower 4. The room was smelly and barely furnished. I agree with the other reviewer that the management sees this place as a cash grab until it its torn down. There was a visible patched hole in our room where staff had patched up the plumbing. The furniture was old and musty. There was barely any decor and the television was small with a bad picture. The room was way over priced. I have never written a review before. This place compelled me to write my complaints. Do not stay here!	
Apr 8 2008 	Showing Its Age	Stayed 3 nights at the Tropicana. I’d felt like I’d stepped back in time, in a Vegas Cheese kind of way, but also in goodness this place is showing its age kind of way.The positives: Location, Staff, and inexpensive taxi fare from airportNegatives: Overall a bit dingy, things in disrepairOn the positive notes, every single staff member I came in contact with was beyond friendly and went out of their way to assist me. Of special note were check-in and housekeeping. Exception to this was one gal at the Casino Java snack stand. She was a bit rude to customers.Rooms are a bit rough. Blankets are frayed, towels rather cheap &amp; thin, mattresses … well don’t look too closely at them. One of our beds had a distinct list to one side. Lighting has a bit to be desired in the bathroom and the exhaust fan might as well be nonexistent for helping to clear up a steamy mirror. We stayed in the Island tower, unfortunately only on the second floor. View was of the strip, but can’t say I was actually in the room looking out the windows much.The Down Escalator from our wing was broken the entire time, with no signs of repairmen. Also oddly, the grill at the café was broken. This eliminated a good portion of their meal options. Food was good at the garden café. So-So at the buffet … though the pasta bar was a stand out, and the dessert bar a disappointment. Casino is nothing fancy. I can’t complain. Vegas was kind to me.For some reason we'd booked through Expedia. I would not do that again for this hotel. Expedia customer service leaves a lot to be desired.Although I had an okay stay here, I probably would look elsewhere for my next trip until this one’s sent to the ground and built back up. If you want a good location, nothing fancy, and are just looking for a room to crash for a few hours each night, this is an okay choice.	
Apr 6 2008 	All in all happy with my stay	Sure, this resort isn't as nice as many on the strip. Especially the casino, which is quite &quot;dowdy&quot;. But I was in Vegas for six nights for a certification class, and was on a budget but wanted to stay on the strip. The price was right at the Tropicana. Overall I was pleasantly surprised and happy with my stay. My room was large, and I had a balcony overlooking the pool area, which I loved. The room was &quot;tired&quot; with the old furniture, flowered print bedspreads and original prints on the walls - but almost had an old Vegas &quot;kitsch&quot; factor to it all! But the bed was comfy, sheets were decent, and my room was clean. Staff and guests were very friendly and down-to-earth. The pool is nice. The place is huge and there's just about anything you could want either at the Tropicana or across the street at MGM Grand. Keep in mind that everything is expensive - cigarettes in the gift shop were twice as much as they were off the strip, for example - but I found this to be true everywhere on the strip and not just at the Tropicana. I wasn't happy with being dinged with a &quot;resort fee&quot; of over $7 per night after I'd already paid in full, but wasn't going to argue at check-in about that after a long flight. All in all if you're not to snobby about your hotels I would say this is a safe choice. A cab driver told me they're soon going to impolode the whole place except for one tower and that it will be nice and huge in a couple of years.	
Mar 27 2008 	Implode ASAP.......	It's time to put this resort out of it's misery. We arrived at 8:30 AM, was told checkin would be at noon. At noon, we were told check in was not at 3 PM. So, we gambled and waited, finally got upgraded to the Island Tower, old, dirty, our room was 1143 and faced the airport. The air didn't work, we left the window open since it was nice out, but the planes kept you up all night. Escalaters in the hotel didn't work, the pool was drained and they were painting it...... slowly. If your just looking for a room to crash on the strip, go for it, but if your looking for something a little nicer, don't go. I wasn't happy that I couldn't use the pool area at all. As for the casino, the staff is rude, dealers wouldn't speak or even acknowledge you and the drink service is horrible.	
Mar 24 2008	Implode it Now!!!	This hotel, resort, casino is definitely near its end. Every day its open is just a cash grab before its inevitable destruction.If the price to stay here reflected how much of a dump this place has become it might actually be tolerable. I guess they bank on their past reputation and convenient 4 corners location to continue to charge much more than they should. They are still listed on many sites as 3 star, they have not been worthy of more than 2 stars for years.We had a fantastic stay here about 12 years ago and even then you could see that it was near its end.We have stayed at better hotels like Luxor and MGM, as well as similarly rated hotels like Excalibur and Sahara. I would stay at any of these other before returning to Tropicana.Our last stay there was abysmal. So much went wrong and absolutely nothing went right. Instead of letting it ruin my vacation I decided to just laugh at our ridiculous rooms and how the staff couldn’t care less and make that part of the whole experience.I think even the staff know that they work in a dive. They are all probably wishing they worked at a better resort. It sure seems that way.The main reasons to stay at the Tropicana are the convenient location and the pool. The pool area is still pretty good and the location is the location. If that is important to you at any cost, this is the place for you. Otherwise, there are so many other choices at the same price or a little more that have so much more to offer.	
Mar 24 2008	Nice	This was a fine place to stay to get the whole Vegas experience. The hotel is older, so it isn't as &quot;pretty&quot; as the rest, but is still nice. Food and service were good. Casino was nothing spectacular. I would certainly stay again as it is one of the lower priced hotels, but would prefer a hotel in the middle of the strip rather than at the end!	
Mar 22 2008 	Never Stay Here!!!	I will never stay at this hotel ever again. The staff at the front desk was VERY rude. We were told we could check in at a certain time by one employee but were yelled at by another employee when we came back at the time we were told. The pool with a swimup bar and blackjack was heavily advertised online and when we booked the rooms they never told us it was going to be closed the days we were there. We were told we were supposed to know to ask if the pool was going to be open when we booked the room. They justified not telling us the pool was going to be closed by saying they had another pool and 2 hot tubs open (the open pool was basically a kiddie pool). We ended up having to go to the Excalibur pool to swim. The elevators were out of order. The hallway by our room and the room itself smelled awful. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Pay a little more and stay somewhere else!	
Mar 21 2008	Pools under repair	If you are staying at this hotel because of the beautiful pictures of the pools , keep in mind only the small pool is open . The large pool and it does connect to the indoor pool are under repair. Also our room was not cleaned the last two days of our stay . We did have a goood price for our room but it came with a price. I would stay there again if the pools were open . Overall , not too bad , but I wish we knew about the pools .	
Mar 16 2008	$7 daily "resort fee"	Be aware of the $7 per day per room &quot;resort fee&quot;. This is charged even though it gives you basically nothing during the non-summer season. The hotel even has service charges for shows at their own hotel. I stayed in the Paradise Tower and the room was acceptable.The location is really good.For the buffet spend the extra $5-$10 at a better hotel. It's well worth it. Don't bother with the buffet at Paris, there's always a lineup.Other hotels have free airport shuttles, the Tropicana doesn't. Cab from/to the airport is $10. Don't tell the cab driver it's your first time in Vegas otherwise you will get the $20 ride. -)Grand Canyon-South Rim bus tour you can find for $100, just shop around(advertised for $150).Hoover Dam bus tour is around $50.If you're from Canada and into sports check out a UNLV college game.Bring comfortable shoes as you might be walking a lot.The Deuce bus for $5 for 24 hours is a bargain with good service.	
Mar 11 2008 	Needs Improvement	Room was not to our satisfaction. The sofa bed and seats were stained and dingy. The bedspread and blanket had different pieces of hair stuck all over them. The bathroom floor was spotted with residue and had hair on it. The grout in the shower had little black spots and the paint was peeling off the wall next to the light switch. I had to use my cell phone to call the front desk because our room phone wasn't working properly. Then we received a long distance fee upon checking out. The hotel fee in addition to our room fee was suppossed to be 6.99 but was actually 7.63. The hotel grounds were under construction and there was a lot of street noise. The windows were so filthy that we couldn't even enjoy the view of the strip. I tried getting a new room but the staff told me that there wasn't anything available that evening. I had to share a king bed that was really two beds pushed together.	
Mar 10 2008 	If the price is right stay if not look elsewhere	After reading previous reviews here I had some serious trepidations about booking a 3-night stay at the Tropicana. In the end the $66/night for an Island Tower room was too good to pass up. The room is not terribly spectacular, the other user submitted photos are a fair representation. My room was on the 8th floor with a fabulous view of the airport. The room was just high up enough to not be bothered by the noise of the HVAC equipment on the roof below. The room was a typical king bed room, with two rather smallish nightstands, a small desk/dresser combo, full-sized sofa bed with coffee table, a pair of armchairs, and a 19&quot; TV with very few channels. Oh and let's not forget the mirrors... mirrors behind the bed, above the bed, and beside the bed. It is great if you like watching yourself sleep or you enjoy basking in classic Vegas tackiness. The bed itself was ok. The mattress was newer and in good condition, but slightly hard for my tastes. The linens and bedding are typical cheapo hotel fare and is one place where they could have done much better, especially given that cost conscious chains like Holiday Inn Express, Hampton Inn, etc have really put together nice bedding packages lately. The first night there were a measly 3 pillows on the bed, however the maid kindly gave us 2 more for the remaining nights.The bathroom is rather large with a roomy vanity with a large mirror. Island tower rooms get a soaking tub. The actual property is an interesting mix of old and new. The casino is rather small and cramped looking. And you have to wind your way through it to get to the Island tower. The pools are the Tropicana's strong suit, you are not going to find a better pool setup for the money on the strip. Sure there are places with nicer pools, but not for &lt;$75. Unfortunately the main pool and the indoor pool were being resurfaced during my stay. It was not until I was headed to checkout on the final day did I actually notice the heated outdoor pool was open. The dining options were rather limited. I sampled the breakfast buffet my first morning and came away rather disappointed. Sure it is cheap at $9.99 but the variety is pretty limited, the service slightly below average, and the quality was marginal. You could get a better breakfast at a Waffle House or Denny's. On the plus side you cannot beat the location. Within walking distance of the MGM Grand, New York New York, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Showcase Mall, etc.... And then there is the Duece, right out the front door on the strip. Overall the Tropicana is a decent value as long as you are just there to sleep. Go elsewhere to eat and to have fun. I doubt I will stay there again, especially given some attractive rates some of the nicer hotels on the strip offer.	
Mar 5 2008	Mirror mirror...	I booked an Island Tower room for one night at $52.00. I received room 360 in that Tower. The Island Wing was very long and tiresome walk far away from the front desk. And the elevators were slow and only appeared to have 1 out of 5 running. I always had the same elevator and it was always packed to the brim full of people.The room itself was adequate for my needs with a King bed, Non-smoking. No view to speak of except for part of Hooters and the HVAC equipment on the roof below. I actually really liked the tacky Island theme of the room with the fake bamboo on all the furniture and the ugly drapes and bedspread. But I didn't understand the need for all the mirrors on, above, and around the bed. Perhaps it would be fun if I were video taping an adult movie with sexy, athletic bodies, but I didn't enjoy seeing myself in all these different angles.My favorite part about the room was the bathtub. It is deep and perfect for soaking. That makes up for the long walk through the casino, across the river and through the pool to get to the room. Soaking in that big tub at the end of the day was wonderful.Overall, the price was great so I shouldn't complain. I would stay here again but would pay the $20 different to be in the Paradise Tower that is near the front of the propeerty.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great location but a tired hotel	I stayed for 7 nights with my husband, we found the whole vegas experience a very surreal one. However having travelled over 20 hours to get there you can imagine we had some pretty severe jet lag, so unlike many people in Vegas we spent quite a bit of time in our room.Similar to most, we were offered an upgrade for $10 a night which we declined at first, but the garden room we were allocated was awful, overlooking an air conditioning unit, not the garden, broken furniture, just genrally shabby, so we had to trapse back to check in and upgrade to the island tower (check in took us nearly an hour altogether as we had to queue again!). This island tower room on the 11th floor was clean, the maid came every day and we had amazing views of the strip. It wasn't noisey and we found the room service was prompt and pretty tastey.We found the Tropicana's decor very dated and the esculator from the casino floor to the tower lifts was broken. The child like drawings of parrots on the lifts did amuse us, but using the lifts always made you feel sick because the outside windows looked like they had never been cleaned, which when you whizz past makes it look like its raining and made me dizzy!The pool was amazing and well worth a day by, sipping 'football' sized cocktails. The Foiles Bergere was worth it too, and we got BOGOF tickets for being residents. We enjoyed the Japanese restaurant out of all the restaurants there, but we tended to find other places to eat, breakfast at the Mandalay Bay was awesome, pasta by the casino in the Venetian was a joy and sausage and mash in the Irish bar at NYNY was also brilliant (inluded some live music, felt like home!).All in all the Tropicana is a tired hotel with an awesome location and brilliant value for money. There was talk while we were there that it will be pulled down and replaced by the usual mega resort which in a way is quite sad. If we ever went back to Vegas we'd stay downtown, probably in the Golden Nugget (I like my swimming pools and their's is amazing).I guess if you have no expectations of a polished hotel then like us you will have a pleasant enough stay!Word of warning, don't use the tours desk in the hotel, it's not run by them and had some of the most expensive trips to the Canyon we ever came across!	
Mar 1 2008 	Ewwe	If your going to vegas with friends and plan on being out all day and all night like we did then this is an ok place for you. However, if you plan on being in the room for more than 1 hour I would suggest looking else where. First of all the part of the hotel we stayed in has not been remodled since the diciples roamed earth. The paint is peeling off the walls, the chairs in the room were torn, the curtains had holes, the bathroom vent doesnt work and let me be sure to mention there is no air this time of year. The time of year when it is hot as hades outside. After me and about two of my girlfriends took a shower the room was sweaty and the heat was ridiculous. It was hard for us to get dressed. Aside from all that we stayed in the 4000 wing and had to walk two miles to get to our room. But for the price and location what could we expect.	
Feb 26 2008 	Just Fine for the Price	We stayed at the Tropicana February 21-February 24. We had a great time, especially paying $71/night through lasvegas.com (which matched hotels.com's price and gave us 10% back). We were booked into a Garden Room, but got upgraded at no charge to a junior suite in the Island Tower. (There is also a $7/day charge upon checking in).The room was very large with a couch, comfortable king sized bed, and tacky mirrors on the ceiling. The bathroom was very clean, and the tub/shower was great. Our room was made up each day with the sheets and towels being replaced each time.The only issue we had was with the elevators one afternoon. Only 2 of the 5 were working for a few hours, so there was a long line of people trying to make it to their rooms. Other than that, we had no issues at all.I would definitely stay here again, but again I can give no comment on the garden rooms, as we didn't see them. I would probably just pay the extra 10-15 per night to upgrade to a tower room, as it was great for what little we needed.	
Feb 21 2008 	Tropicana = bad :(	This vacation we had to go the cheap route because we took my in-laws with us. We wanted something on the strip and something cheap so at $92/night, we thought the Tropicana would do. We aren't by any means picky people and and really all we wanted was a comfy bed and a nice bathroom since in Vegas you aren't really in your room that much anyway. We had asked for 2 rooms with 1 king bed in each that were non-smoking. Basically we were told they had one and the other had to be 2 doubles if we wanted them together. I feel that we should have been offered a free/discounted upgrade for our trouble. I think it is dumb that the hotel website can't guarantee the room type that you ask for. I have never come across that with any other hotel. And at least if you don't get that room, offer an upgrade! That would be good customer service. The front desk clerk acted it was not a big deal and didn't care much.Now to the rooms....which are the garden rooms (which I hear are being knocked down thankfully). These rooms are not part of the tower rooms which I heard were nicer. The least they could have done to the room we stayed in was get a comfier bed. It was terrible! My back and neck hurt the whole time I was in Vegas! Plus, the showers were not good, the bathroom was falling apart, but it was somewhat clean. Overall, it wasn't the best experience by far and if Tropicana was going to offer these rooms any longer, they need to lower the price to $20/night because that (at most) is all they're worth.	
Feb 19 2008 	Had a Nice Stay at Tropicana	After all of the bad reviews I read about the Tropicana, I was a bit leery, but we got such an awesome deal thru Travelocity we had to go. I was pleasantly surprised. The room was in the Paradise Tower on the 20th floor and was clean and comfortable. The thing that really upset me was when my husband and I checked in, our room wasn't ready, so this nice lady walked up and offered us free food and shows. It was a ploy to get us to visit a timeshare. Other than a few minor mishaps, we enjoyed our stay. One cab driver told us the Trop would be torn down and condos built on the property. It is an old hotel, and if you are one of these uppity snobby rich people used to nothing but the best, you won't be happy here.	
Feb 13 2008 	Don't stay here	Desk clerk rude when I didn't want to upgrade to a better room; she gave us a substandard room; room and windows dirty; view looked out to the air conditioning HVAC that hummed all night (2nd floor); room hot even in February due to poor air circulation; found a used condom in the hallway near the elevator - Yuck! Just don't stay here	
Feb 13 2008 	Not to shabby for the price..	I was pleasantly surprised regard to the value and the quality I received at the Tropicana. The service was great, however, I advise to stay away from the island buffet. Unless you enjoy quality over quality of food, I recommend buffet @ Luxor or Mandalay bay. The room, as you can see from the picture, was quaint. If you are looking for a frugal vegas trip, I recommend Tropicana!!!	
Feb 11 2008 	Not the best but not bad either	Stayed at the Tropicana Hotel and Casino this past weekend, and I have to say some of the reviews have been bad, but I think I know why. If you book the cheapest room, like I did, you will get a basic room that looks no better than what you would get at a chain motel like a super 8 with a bad view. I did not want that to be my room for my trip to Vegas, so I went to the front desk and asked for an upgrade. They charged me $10 more per night and put me in the Paradise tower. I was on the 16th floor, with a view of the airport, but you know what? the room was not bad. the bed was not the most comfortable, but I hardly slept anyway (Vegas style). There was a mirror ro the side and top of the bed which made me decide that I need to lose weight, so I walked all over the strip instead of taking a taxi or a bus. The light was not too bright, and the TV is small, but again I hardly spent time in the room. The Black jack tables were mostly good to me, but what ever I made at the black jack tables, the slots and wild poker took right back. The buffett is NOT worth the money, so look for somewhere else to eat. The excalibur and Luxor buffetts are way better, and are close by, or go to Caesar's Palace for some really good food, maybe a bit expensive, but I think worth the price. Most of the dealers at the tables were great, Lee and &quot;Nish&quot; were super cool. And most of them help you understand the games if you ask. Management was mostly helpful, and they have Karaoke night most nights, I did that and it was a blast. Also, you may want to check Dirk Arthur, he puts on a good show. I got comp tickets to see it, and got his autograph at the end of the show.Overall the Tropicana is a bit old, not as fancy as the other places, but I had fun. Remember, the room upgrade is worth it, and management and employees were helpful	
Feb 9 2008 	Pretty decent for the price	We stayed at the Tropicana for 3 nights. We got a pretty good deal out of Canada with Vegas.com. It was a last minute vacation, so we didn't have a whole lot of money to spend on the package. We chose the Tropicana because of its location (and the price) in spite of all the bad reviews on TA.We stayed in a ground level Garden Room. Yes, it's dated. The curtains and bedspread were hideous, but who cares!The room was clean. There were stains on the floor, but obviously there hasn't been any renos for quite some time. The bathroom was pretty clean too. My only complaint being that the tub didn't drain too quickly. Taking a shower, you would end up in a couple inches of water. Oh well, it drained after a couple minutes.The room safe was broken, but the front desk staff let us put everything in the safe behind their desk. Not an inconvenience for us.The front desk staff was super friendly, as were the cleaning staff.The garden in the middle of the resort where the pool is would be quite beautiful in the summer I'm sure.The hotel is so close to everything. Most of our shows were in the MGM or NYNY, so it was perfect. We slept in the room, that's it, and it was perfect for that. Really....why spend 100$ plus on a swank hotel that you probably won't be spending a huge amount of time in. All in all, if you are on a budget - this hotel will be just fine.	
Jan 27 2008 	Will avoid next time	Looks like this hotel was just given an update. Around the time Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis first hit Vegas! I was in the 5000 wing and it was very sad. I ended up here because it was listed as one of the hotels for the CES 2008 and like the other attendees opinions, I won't be coming back here. Of course if you're just looking for a place to crash and don't mind old, mothball smelling rooms then go for it.	
Jan 26 2008 	A very clean room for the price	Me and my boyfriend decided that we were going to be out on the town most of the time so we wanted something that was clean and in a central location....this was it. If you are coming here because you want a resort or five diamonf hotel this is not for you. If you are coming here because you simply want a clean room with a nice view this will suffice. The room was very clean and spacious and the staff gave us a free upgrade at check in with no qualms. We had a great view of the Excalibur and the Luxor from the 22nd floor. I advise anyone to be pleasant to the front desk staff and you will get a great room. This is a great place for young folks wanting something affordable and in a better part of the strip.	
Jan 20 2008 	Cheap but you get what you pay for	If you're in Las Vegas and you're essentially looking for a room and a bed this will get it done. It's one of the older hotels on the strip so you may not want to expect much. The casino inside isn't bad, but when you come to Vegas you're probably looking for a little better experience. Our room wasn't the cleanest upon arrival, but again, we were only in the room to sleep most of the time. Lots to do around the casino and its located right on the strip so you have lots of other great casinos nearby.	
Jan 16 2008	Good base for a holiday in Las Vegas	I stayed at the Tropicana for a couple of nights in 2000, so I knew it wasn’t the fanciest or most up-to-date of the Strip hotels, but I was quite nervous having read some of the reviews on here. However, my husband (who had been to Vegas more recently) reassured me it wasn’t that bad.And it wasn’t. We stayed in the Island Tower in a room on the sixth floor. While the room was a little dated, it was clean and comfortable and had everything we needed. I'd stay there again.Positives* It’s in a great location on the Strip, within easy walking distance of all the other casino resorts. Compared to the prices of other Strip hotels, it’s a bargain, too.* The room was clean, comfortable, huge, use of the safe was free (I hate having to pay extra to use the room safe!) – all in all, an ideal base.* Staff were friendly and helpful. * The eat-all-you-can-for-a-set-price breakfast buffet was good. Strange to see apple pie offered at breakfast but hey, my husband enjoyed it!* Maybe a slightly strange one … but I really like the casino floor ceiling!Negatives* The room wasn’t cleaned until the afternoon – in fact one day, it wasn’t cleaned until after 5pm. It would have been nice to have it made up earlier.* The charging structure is so opaque! Why oh why isn’t there a flat rate per night, instead of a room rate, and then a resort charge (what is this supposed to cover?), and then tax?* I would have loved a kettle, cups, and tea and coffee in the room. These are pretty much standard in the UK and I’m used to being able to make a cuppa when I wake up without waiting before going down to breakfast.* The idea of an indoor pool appealed to me, but when I went to have a look at it, I was really disappointed. It felt like it was in somebody’s garage – it was all concrete-y and not at all inviting.* The &quot;Trop shops&quot; are a bit tacky (but then, this is Vegas!)One thing that really surprised me is that smoking is allowed in casinos. Thinking about it, I can understand why it’s allowed from the point of view of the casino owners, but as a non-smoker, it’s a really annoying feature of a holiday in Las Vegas.	
Jan 14 2008 	Good location Nice Hotel for the price	I found this hotel was pefect for us, we got a good rate of $65 a night, great location, and we even got upgraded to a Paradise Tower room at no extra cost because we checked in really late, was sold out. Was on the 21st floor, great view facing MGM Grand. We ate breakfast and dinner all over the place, but even the restaurants at the Trop were pretty good, and decent price.What I must remind everyone, you're paying under $99 a night or less, don't expect the Wynn or Venetian! This is basically a hotel that is in a great location on the strip, and is pretty damn cheap, but by no means a dump... I've stayed at way worse places than the Trop. The rooms were clean, quiet, had a in-room safe, the A/C worked great, had a fridge in our room (I think they cost $10 per night but ours had a fridge anyways so we didn't pay extra), only problem with our room was the TV was poor reception but who cares, we basically get a room to sleep and shower, and thats it, I didn't travel to Vegas to hang out in my hotel room. We had friends who were in the Island Tower rooms and it seemed ok as well, actually I think it was a bit larger than ours, and had a larger bathtub, and mirrors above the bed etc... not bad at all. The Garden rooms we did not even see, so can't comment on those.The casino was pretty good for us, I didn't care too much about the high roller tables like at the Wynn or Bellagio, I felt right at home playing at the Tropicana, the atmosphere is a bit more quieter, the drink service was good, and they had a few $5 tables open all day long, probably the only casino on the strip offereing $5 blackjack. The casino is a pretty good size... however the Pokerroom is quite small and only had 2 maybe 3 tables going at a time, sometimes just one, but the buy-ins were cheap and good action there, the dealers are nice and they make you feel comfortable for any beginners that are playing. We played both limit and no limit games, I think min buy in was $50 or so? The worst part of the Casino would be the Sportsbook, if you even find it! It's hidden somewhere and they still use the old boards, nothing is electronic, a few tv's and maybe 2 tellers... very small! I guess its kind of neat to see how things were back in the day when they used dry erase markers to change the odds, lol.The hotel pool was really nice, very large (we were there in August when it was +110, very HOT! The pool was busy but not packed with kids, was perfect. Also did some gambling at the swim up blackjack table, kinda neat.The restaurants were decent, your typical buffet, nothing special but wasn't bad at all... the other restaurant was a sit down, more upscale, we had a steak/crab legs dinner and was excellent.We also checked out the Comedy Stop, hilarious stand up comedians, and the Dirk Arthur Magic Show, really good show (not quite as good as Lance Burton).Overall, I was satisfied with the Tropicana, I knew I was staying a low budget hotel compared to the bigger hotels down the strip. We choosed Trop over Imperial Palace and glad we did. The location is great, a walkway to the Excalibur, NYNY and MGM, plus the monorail can take you to Mandalay Bay, Luxor in a few minutes. Would stay there again for sure....	
Jan 11 2008 	Funky Tropicana	Stayed here for a business trip for a couple of days and stayed at The Tropicana for the price, and location. I have learned to take reviews with a grain of salt, and wasn't expecting much but basically what you read here in the reviews is what you get. Because of conventions all the adjacent casino/hotels were $400 a night. The Tropicana was $100. Prices even kept coming down so I upgraded to their 'deluxe' accomodations in The Paradise Tower which I had read ,and been told , had been completely renovated. Maybe with band aids to get them through demolition and new construction because it was old, funky, absolutely no trace of class or anything new. The jacuzzis and outdoor pool were closed and tiles and plaster discolored and chunky. The 'Business Center' is in the basement in the Arcade. I kid you not. Venture anywhere off the beaten path and the place gets really scary. Then at my meeting at the Monte Carlo I discovered they had dropped their rates last minute from $400 a night to $89 and the place was gorgeous. I hate when places do that or i would have just stayed there to begin with like I wanted to. I was bummed as I lay in my dumpy room, the 'best' at The Tropicana, and listened to the neighbors every movement, comings and goings at all hours. I would only recommend it for low budget partying.	
Jan 10 2008 	Dated and ripe for replacement	I stayed here during the CES show in January 08 and booked it because it was the cheapest thing on the strip with a decent location. The rest of the big-name hotels were more than $500 a night, so I picked the Trop for $180 a night to cut costs for my business. Unfortunately, I was not impressed with the Tropicana and felt like it had not been updated in any way since the late 70s or early 80s. The casino and hallway to the Island Tower were old, dark, full of smoke, and had music from the 50s and 60s playing (I presume that's when this hotel was popular), had worn carpet. Elevator lobby was hard to find for the Island Tower and was tacky and grungy. The rooms were no different than what you would get from a Motel 6 (exception: larger bathroom). TV was small and had only a handful of channels. Windows were filthy. Beds were hard. The rooms were clean though, to the Trop's credit. The $5.99 &quot;resort&quot; fee is a crock- you get absolutely nothing for it. There isn't even a health club that I could find.Overall, this place had such a dated and old-time feel to it that it was out of place sitting next to the MGM Grand, across from New York New York, Luxor, and even Excalibur. Time to implode it and build something new, because nobody obviously cares about updating it.	
Jan 10 2008 	Absolute dump just unbelieveable	Spent a night there during CES 2008. The place is a dump. It just reeks of many years of over-use. basic amenities you'd expect, e.g. WiFi, passable breakfast lounge etc. are broken. I think decrepit is the word. Can't believe I spent $200 on this.	
Jan 8 2008 	Location is great the rooms are terrible!	We booked our three night hotel package through usairwaysvacations.com and got a great deal. You pay for what you get at the old smokey tropicana though! The rooms were terribly outdated......we were in a garden room with mirrors everywhere and an old tropical coverlet on the bed. The carpet was stained, the halls were smokey....the only thing positive this hotel has is the location. It is nice to step outside of your casino and you're right on the strip. A room is a place to sleep but I felt the need to shower 10 times a day to rinse the grime off of myself! The only food we ate in the casino was the breakfast buffet and it was terrible as well......I have to say I would never stay at the Tropicana again..	
Dec 29 2007	Dont stay here!	My boyfriend and I just got back to Boston after spending Christmas in Las Vegas. The trip would have been amazing if it hadn't been for our mistake of booking our room at the Tropicana! When we first arrived our flight was hours before check in, and the staff was incredibly rude when we asked about checking our bags. They gave us a time frame as to when our room would be ready, and the room was still unavailable long after that time. We ended up talking to several staff members until one of them was kind enough to reassign our room.There are several different kinds of rooms you can get at the Tropicana. The cheapest are the &quot;Garden&quot; rooms which are located in more of a motel type of atmosphere. We heard not so good things about those rooms, so we upgraded to the &quot;Tower&quot; rooms. We were placed on the 12th floor. The first thing I did was go in to use the bathroom. Hard water stains made the toilets look like they had caked on feces reminents, and I found several hairs on the hand towels and on the side of the tub. I am not a picky customer, and I have found just about any and every hotel experience to be more than spectacular just because I am excited by being in a different place, but this disturbed me.The room itself is extremely outdated and dirty. Stains on the carpets and couch, the windows covered with dirt. Something that some people might enjoy but I found to be creepy is the bed (we had a room with one King size, I am unsure if it is different for the 2 queen size bedrooms) is surrounded by mirrors. The headboard that is one big mirror goes all the way up to the ceiling, and then another mirror starts at where the headboard stops and stretches over the entire bed. Another mirror takes up the whole wall on one side of the bed, so you are basically surrounded by your own reflection.Having horror memories of &quot;Bloody Mary&quot; and &quot;Candyman&quot;, we asked for a room change. The staff moved us to another room, which was a &quot;mini suite&quot; in which they swore didn't have the mirrors. It had the mirrors. The mini suite was a slightly larger room that is put on a corner, so if you throw open all of the curtains you have views of Tropicana Blvd/MGM Grand, and Hooters. My recommendation: save your money, the mini suite is not worth the extra money, whatever the cost difference might be. I actually hated the room change because the bathroom reeked of sulfer and the toilet made weird gurgling noises every ten minutes or so. Our room was next to an exit stairway, and every time that door was opened, our door would make a weird clicking sound that sounded like someone was breaking into our room.The bed was disgusting. The sheets felt grimey, and I was so itchy I ended up sleeping in socks, sweatpants, and a sweatshirt with the hood pulled up over my head. The cover sheet had a reddish blood(?) stain on it.We ordered room service on one of our mornings, and I can say one positive thing. They we quick, and the food was decent and warm. Phew!Speaking of food, DONT EAT AT THEIR BUFFET!!!!! The price may be good if you are on a budget, but it will not be worth the money you save. The &quot;freshly carved meat&quot; that the were serving was covered in gizzard and fat, and even though I am one of the least picky eaters in the world, I left at least 90% of my meal on the plate. I suggest you suck it up and spend the extra $10 bucks a person, go across the walk way to MGM, and eat like royalty at their buffet. The difference between the two buffets are like.... well, think of any two extremes.They have two cafes by the name &quot;Java Java&quot;. Do not order hot chocolate or hotdogs. Those are the two things I had and both were disgusting. I cant imagine anything else being much better, but I'm not planning on finding out.Overall, I was very unhappy with my stay, but luckily, we spent as little time possible in the hotel, so the rest of the trip was great! My summary is: spend the extra money for a different hotel. Tropicana may be one of the cheapest hotels to stay in on the strip, but it is by NO means worth it!	
Dec 27 2007	Great Time	First let me say we booked prior to checking out the reviews on this site. After we read the reviews we were very worried about the conditions of the rooms. We arrived friday night at midnight and the staff was excellent. Remember it always helps for you to be friendly to the front desk staff. We were given a room in the rear tower not sure what the name was but we were very pleased. Definitely older from the early 80's but a great deal. A view of Hooters casino and the airport. The room was CLEAN, the safe worked, mirrors on the ceiling all you need for the weekend. I would definitely stay there again. Remember don't expect the Bellagio for $40 per night.	
Dec 25 2007	Disappointed!!! Will Never stay again.	We just got back from Vegas, booked through Expedia.com and thought it was a pretty good deal, spending the X'mas weekend with a total of not more then $190 (include tax) for 3 nights. Of course we did not expect any &quot;fantastic&quot; room as this hotel was a older one along the strip. We got a room, in fact, the very last one on the 2nd floor. First, we have difficulty getting through the door. Then, water in the shower just didn't flow through. We have to call the front desk and send their plumber in. Third, the TV wasn't working well, disturbance throughout the program, lines in between the screen and an electrician sent up said that it was the cable's problem. He suggested we should call the front desk and change a new room. But it didn't happen. During the night, the heater was running so loud that it woked us up several times. By the last day we checked out, the lady said that there was an extra &quot;Resort charge&quot; of $5.99 (exclude tax) for per night. We told her that this was not explained to us, the only thing was told to us that if we withdraw early, there will be a $5.99 charge. We paid for it as we were told that we had signed it when we first checked in. Now that we recalled, no wonder there was a very upset couple when we first arrived. The wasn't any kind of &quot;Service&quot; in this hotel. We will NEVER stay here again.	
Dec 17 2007	Great time at the Trop	I stayed at the Trop. for 6 nites in early November of this year and really enjoyed my stay.. Had a good rate for a Garden room which I wanted to stay in because I heard they will be coming down soon and wanted to experience some &quot;old Vegas&quot;. The room was clean, spacious, mostly quiet, and had a patio, I was on the first floor with a short walk to the casino and liked that I never had to wait for an elevator....Yes this place is older and could use some updates, which I wish they would do as I will be sorry to see it go.There are not many places like this left on the Vegas strip, which is a shame because the mega resorts are for the most part over rated, too big, and not worth the extra expense.All the employees were friendly and helpful, food at the coffee shop was good, room service was prompt and their pizza was wonderful...............The slots were VERY TIGHT.....but not just here........I visited many of the other casinos and NEVER saw anyone winning anything which never used to be the case...the only machines that gave me any play at the trop were the small bank of video poker machines that still accepted quarters....what is up with that?I would have no problem staying there again.......if it is still there..	
Dec 10 2007 	LIked it	After reading others reviews I was worried that I had made a mistake booking in the Tropicana. I was pleasantly surprised that the resort was very comfortable. We got the King-sized bed in a no smoking room that we had requested. Check-in was fast and the check-in person was very nice. The room was clean and spacious. Although the resort is old, it is well maintained. A great place to stay if you don't need all the glitz of the newer hotels.	
Dec 4 2007 	Time to take it DOWN!	We have stayed at this hotel for the last 8-10 years. Reasons: the price of the rooms are the best in Vegas, location is great and we loved the pool! However every year it was a little bit more run down, then last year we &quot;upgraded&quot; to a jaccuzi suite. The room had a wet bar area but no sink so it was really just a counter, the windows were filthy the room smelled oddly musty but the thing that made us check out was the HUGE cockroach on the wall!!!This year we stayed at the Wynn....now THAT was great! Even if it's a little away from everything it's worth it.	
Dec 2 2007 	One Fine Hotel	As some others mentioned, I too, was a little skeptical after reading the reviews on this site. However, I found the Tropicana to be a fine place to stay. Great location. Great history. Great service.My husband and I stayed Nov 28-Dec 1. We were to be in the Garden rooms, but in friendly conversation with Franne at check-in, she found out we were celebrating our anniversary and my husband's birthday. She immediately worked on getting us an upgraded room to a jacuzzi suite, free of charge, and she hooked us up with reservations for a birthday dinner at Lawry's Prime Rib.. that came with free dessert. The room was just fine, a little dated, but clean and spacious. And the dinner was excellent! We found the casino to be very friendly and with the only $5 Blackjack tables on the strip.  It's not a secret the hotel is old. It's due for some renovations, which I heard that the Garden rooms will be coming down soon and the towers to be remodeled. Our first trip to Vegas and we were very pleased. We had a great time and would stay here again.	
Nov 30 2007 	Going down fast	We just returned from a week long stay at the Tropicana. We had stayed there in April of this year and had had some problems so we wanted to give it another chance. We arrived and got to our room in the Garden area. When we walked in the room looked beautiful. However looks can be deciving. We had to call housekeeping to reclean the bathroom because of a dirty bath tub (black hair everywhere). They came in and took care of that. I went to plug in our laptop and the plug looked like it had been scorched...like it had been shorted out and not replaced. I went to another outlet and when I went to plug it in, the outlet came out in my hand. Sounds great so far right. Then my husband pulled down the bed and guess what more black hairs. My husband called down to the front desk and spoke to the manager on duty. He wanted to move us. I really didn't want to because it was already 9pm and was tired but finally agreed. They moved us to a room in the Pavillion Tower which was very nice. Our housekeeper took wonderful care of us. The front desk people for the most part we standoffish and rude the first part of the week and I think they hired a whole new staff on Wednesday...the atmosphere totally changed at the front desk area. The sevice in the Garden Cafe was excellent, the food good. The Island Buffet was over priced and the food was only so so, our server was also excellent. I think I can say with great certainty that this will be our last visit to the Tropicana.	
Nov 30 2007 	Good times!	My husband and I went to vegas a couple of years back and enjoyed our location and hotel. The tropicana is the oldest or one of the oldest hotels on the strip. It is a typical hotel with a little corny museum in it. We got a great rate and were extremely happy with the location. Rooms were clean.	
Nov 29 2007 	Still Kickin'	We stayed at the &quot;Trop&quot; over Thanksgiving weekend and had a wonderful time. The Easter Island statues that once loomed over the Tropicana's facade are long gone, replaced by a neon waterfall that tumbles down the side of the hotel. Despite this place being a leftover from the old Vegas of yesteryear, we found it to be kept up adequately with all the needed amenities. We stayed on the 15th floor of the Island Tower--this was VERY comfortable--quiet w/an extraordinarily comfortable king-size mattress--I must add that the mirrored ceiling above the bed added extra pizzaz (I thought all that went out in the 1970's and was pleasantly surprised!). The bathtub was huge--the perfect size for an intimate bath for two. Also, LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION--how can you argue with being right across the street from five brand newer casinos--Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excaliber, MGM Grand, and New York New York. My only complaint would be the very mediocre food situation. In all fairness we only dined at the Garden Restaurant and Island Buffet preferring to go outside the hotel for more expensive meals. The Garden Restaurant food was horrible--our waiter was disinterested and snotty (though his assistants were very sweet and attentive). The Island Buffet was grossly overpriced, crowded and noisy. The gardens in the pool area of the hotel are still lush but one of the mail ponds had been drained which subtracted from what used to be a perfect rendition of an island paradise. Overall, however, I would stay there again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Value	My wife and I visit Las Vegas about once a year and have stayed at the Tropicana everytime. The reason we come back is because of the great value for the location. On this visit, we were a little worried due to all the negative blogs I've read through Trip Advisor and other sites. Let me set the record straight...THIS IS STILL THE GREAT VALUE WE HAVE ALWAYS ENJOYED IF NOT BETTER!!! The room we reserved was in the Island Tower. We were on the 12th floor with a great view of the courtyard and the strip. The room was clean, the carpet (although not perfect) was not nearly as bad as everyone says...and we peeked into a few rooms to see what all the hype was about and found no evidence of neglect. We did find...friendly employees, clean areas, everything working. WHAT ARE SOME OF YOU TALKING ABOUT??? Don't come to the Tropicana if you're looking for a new hotel, but if you're looking for a great value, in a great location, with clean accommodations, and a friendly staff...this is the place!!!	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Old School Vegas Hotel	Our hotel room was very nice with a sitting area and fantastic view of the strip. The cleaning department did an excellent job daily. Overall, the staff is outstanding from check in to maintenance workers. Everyone on staff always smiled and greeted us throughout the hotel. Some of the blackjack dealers are all business, but this was a rarity. The buffet is very good but is overpriced as is the cafe. The deli has very good food at affordable prices and the service there is quick and efficient.The hotel was built in the 50s and still has that old Vegas charm, but has been updated so the rooms and overall resort are up to par. This is not a 5 star hotel, but is an excellent value for the money. Become a member of the slot club so you can get half priced tickets to the shows there. The daytime magic show and Folies are both very good. Also, the Comedy Club is very good. We saw Jimmie Walker there and he was outstanding.	
Nov 28 2007 	Low cost way to experience Vegas	3 couples went to Vegas for a quick weekend to celebrate one of the girls b-day. We booked it so that it would be affordable for all couples as this was a some-what last minute decision to go. We chose Tropicana because of its low rate $129/night on Fri. and Sat for Island Tower rooms. And we also chose it because of its excellent location on the strip.Hotel is old-new hotel to be finished from 2010-2012. So I'm glad I've taken the chance to stay at it before they start to demo.We requested our rooms to be close to each other and they managed to get all 3 next to one another. Security in hallway was good. One of the couples kept their door ajar so that we could walk in and out and the security guard came by asking them to keep their doors locked at all times just in case. Which was nice they were looking out for us. Also, the first night we checked in, one of the rooms on our floor had the smell of marijuana coming from it. We didn't think anything of it and found it kind of amusing. But obviously the hotel did not, because security had called the police and kept knocking on the their door and the next day we noticed the smell was gone and they most likely evicted the people who had been in there. Rooms were large and very clean. We could adjust the heat ourselves, which is nice. Super quiet!!! We could not hear any outside or hallway noise at all. Housekeeping was good. Carpet was clean and in good condition in the room. Comfortable beds and little sitting area was nice for the guys to hang out together while us girls got ready for the nights out. We were glad we saved our money on rooms and stayed at the Tropicana. We were able to spend the money on good restaurants, a show and clubs. Garden Cafe was a good place to get breakfast/Dealers in casino were friendlier than most places/Body exhibit was interesting and enjoyable.I recommend this hotel for those on a budget and just wanting a place to crash at night that is clean. comfortable, and quiet.	
Nov 24 2007 	You get less than what you pay for	I spent Nov. 16th to Nov. 23rd 2007 at the Tropicana with my wife. I had originally been there about five years ago when a friend got married. The one thing that the Trop has going for it is the location. I personally love this area of the Strip. It is very easy to get to some of the best hotels and the most action from this area. The bad thing the trop has going for it is its age. Our stay began when we arrived at 1:00am and were told that all of the rooms in the Towers were taken and that we would have to spend one night in the Garden rooms. Thes was the worse few hours of my life. As the person who booked this trip I was personally embarrassed for doing this to my wife.My wife and I slept fully dressed because were thought we would catch something from the room. It was dirty, and the bathroom looked horrible. We didn't even shower in the morning because we did not want to touch anything. I felt as if I was staying at a random motel on the side of a highway in the middle of nowhere. Once we moved to the tower room it was much better. We were put on the 11th floor with a great view of the strip. That area was still a little worn. The halls had wall paper falling off and the rugs in the room were horribly stained. Our really great view was still obstructed by layers of dirt and water stains on the outside of the windows. When we moved into our room there was also a missing drawer in the dresser. This hotel is not one that you will visit while you are in Vegas if you were not staying there. It has nothing. The food was horrible and overpriced, and the service was not that great. The hotel was about $200 cheaper than the MGM but Excalibur was a whole lot better when I stayed there a few years ago. All in all avoid this place like the plague unless you really can not find anything else in your price range. If you have to say make sure to arrive early so you may be able to change rooms if you need to and stay in a Tower room. Also be prepared to pay about $7.00 extra per night for a so called &quot;Resort Fee&quot;.	
Nov 23 2007 	A locals review !	My Girlfriend had comps to stay here and loved them.. up until this last trip. We booked the Island rooms because they have large tubs. But when we got to the room it smelled like dead skunks and there was mold everywhere. We were moved to the front towers and those rooms were OK, but the staff was rude, the comps ststem sucked and all the food was terrible there (eps Legends steakhouse thier steaks were tough and prices very high) after dropping a lot of gambling $$ between the two of us thier we wished we had stayed elsewhere. My friend is a gold card holder thier but even that will not entice her to go back EVER.I am a Las Vegas local and have to say this place is a DIVE, do not eat, play or stay here.	
Nov 21 2007 	It's a dump. Spend some more money and don't stay here.	Sure, I got a cheap rate just like everyone else (I don't think the Tropicana has expensive rates) I had read the review saying the Tropicana was terrible and not to stay there. I decided to try it anyway. Never again. The Tropicana is a sleazy dump. The old is old and decrepit, the people who stay at the hotel are sleazy, and the casino is awful. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else even if it costs more money. I honestly did not feel safe staying in this hotel because of the people who were around me and the poor lighting in the hallways. My room was large. However, it was awful smoky for a non-smoking room. The internet was unreliable (even at $12 a day). The bed was simply the worst hotel bed I had ever slept in and it had to be decades old. The elevators took forever to arrive at my floor. Overall, the place is a dump. Stay away. It's simply not worth it.	
Nov 12 2007 	Disgusted by the Tropicana	We stayed at the Tropicana in Vegas on a Wednesday and Thursday night, and it was awful. The room was in a dark &amp; dingy corner of the hotel where you wouldn't feel safe walking to the ice machine by yourself at night. Our room was disgusting - the bathroom was filthy, the floor was covered in mold and mildew, and the ceiling of the shower was covered in black mold. We saw several bugs in our room during our stay. We spoke to the front desk several times regarding the quality of our room and requested a different room. They agreed to move us, and when we went to pick up the new room key, the 'new room' they wanted to move us to was next door to our existing room (literally). I would never stay in this hotel again, and would warn anyone I knew that was planning a trip to Vegas to steer clear of the Tropicana. Friends of mine that live in Las Vegas were shocked that a hotel would let anyone stay in a room that was so filthy and disgusting.	
Nov 9 2007 	surprised	after seeing all the negativ comments i'm shocked. I thought the hotel was decent. nice sized rooms, on suite, safe, kept extremely clean and most importanty for me on the trip cheap. location not ideal as it was on the end of the strip but apart from that no complaints. i only used the room to sleep in and was out the rest of the time	
Nov 1 2007	Do Not Stay here!!	We stayed here for one night and did everything we could not to use the room. We were on the third floor of the old section of the building (the 5000 section). It was run down, dirty, nothing worked in the room and was totally depressing. The light bulb was actually hanging upside down from the socket on the bedside table lamp. We, as a previous reviewer noted, slept in our clothes with towels on the pillow. My husband tried to use the shower but it wouldn't drain. I slept for about 2 hours and then we jumped up and hurried to the airport about 4 hours early just to get out of the hotel. We did see Spamalot at the Wynn. It was a great show. We would never, never stay at the Tropicana again.	
Nov 1 2007	rip off	We checked in and were given a dirty room(soap and shampoo in the shower, other garbage in the room) and when I phoned the front desk all they said was that they would alert housekeeping. No one came to the room nor were we offered a different room. Next day I spoke to manager on duty who offered a free buffet and maid service, once again the maid did not show up. Eventually I found clean sheets and towels from a maid and made up my own bed and left the do not disturb sign up for our entire stay. The food in the buffet was less than appetizing, you could break a window with the buns. We were also charged a &quot;resort fee&quot; for use of pools and exercise equipment, but the pools were all closed, except for the cold hot tub. The hotel is old and out dated. The hall way to my room was dirty and was not cleaned there entire 5 days we were there.	
Oct 29 2007 	Topicana Resort and Casino-Never Again!	We were in Las Vegas to celebrate my son's 21st birthday. My husband and I purchased two rooms, for one night. One for us and one for my son and his friends to party in. I was completely embarrassed for my son and upset that I spent my hard earned money for a dump like this. The rooms were awful. We have stayed in older hotels before but we have never felt like we could not sleep in the beds. We turned down the beds to make sure they were clean and they did not look like they were made. It looked as if the comforter was just thrown over the sheets and maybe clean pillow cases were put on. The sheets were all crumpled up, There was a very basic mattress cover and the mattress sheet was a flat sheet not a fitted, so it didn't stay tucked in as you slept. My husband and I slept with our clothes on and towels on our pillows. Thank God what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!!!! The bathroom was gross. The tile in the bathtub had soap scum and grime on it, the bottom of the tub looked dirty and the toilet still had urine stains on it from whoever stayed there before us. Needless to say, we didn't use the shower/tub at all. Since we only stayed one night we just showered when we came home. If we had paid for more than one night, I don't know what we would've done. There was a safe in our room that didn't work. The sliding glass doors off the patios are so flimsy that someone could easily break into the rooms and steal our belongings. The sliding glass door lock screws were stripped so the door would not stay locked. We were on the 2nd floor which was very easy to get to from the outside and did not feel safe leaving any of our belongings there. Anything that was worth money was carried with us the entire trip. The room was not vacuumed. The floor still had paper wrappings on it and we even found a butterfly shoe ornament, that fits on the Croc shoes, laying on the floor. There were burn marks in the furniture and my sons room smelled of smoke something terrible. We did request a non-smoking room when we made the reservations and at check-in. I could see having to take whatever is left if you check-in late but we checked-in at 2:30 so we weren't late. We were actually early.This may seem like a trivial thing and we might have overlooked it had the rest of the room been okay but this was tacky. The A/C unit switch had words written in marker so you knew where the Off , On, Low, Medium and High notches were. Someone had also writen in pen the word, SUCKS. I am not sure if they meant the room or the switch but seems like someone else had the same bad opinion of the room. All in all we think my son had a good birthday. We spent most of our time away from the hotel. The hotel stay was really disheartening and we complained but we were not offered any compensation or other options. We thought for the price we paid that our accomodations would be decent but I guess that concept doesn't apply in Vegas. Had we known about this website before we booked the rooms, we would not have spent a dime at the Tropicana and we will never go back.	
Oct 28 2007 	Worst Hotel	This hotel is run down and there is nothing redeeming about it. We picked if for the location and since we were going to Vegas on a last minute trip, we didn't have many options. I wasn't expecting luxury, but this place was dirty and honestly just needs to be shut down. The service is poor and there are too many other wonderful places on the Vegas strip for any price range. I warn you now- don't book the Tropicana, no matter how great of a deal is offered.	
Oct 28 2007 	No major problems at all	We stayed for three nights this was our first time in Vegas and had no major problems at all at the hotel. We got there at noon and there was no line at check-in but I did notice later, at around 3:30, that there was then a large line in the lobby to check-in. The staff was very courteous. We were promised the room by 3:00 so we checked our bags in (they even held our jackets for us) and walked over to Excalibur for a while. Came back at 3:00 to see if our room was ready yet. At first we were told we'd have to wait another 30 minutes but after we told guy that we had tickets to see the Dirk Arthur Magic show at 4:00 he offered us an upgraded room that was ready right then. It was on the 20th floor of the Paradise Tower. It had a spectacular view of the strip and the window opened! The room was relatively large (the bathroom too) not fancy but clean. I was glad that the bath tub did not fill up with water while showering like at the last two hotels I stayed at. But our toilet continually ran. What a waste of water in a desert. Only a couple of complaints about the room: the AC vent rattled constantly and the TV was small with very limited channels. We never saw the maids but our room was always made up nicely between 11:00-noon. Warning! The buffet is awful I do not recommend it. All in all we would for sure consider staying there again.	
Oct 26 2007 	You get what you pay for! Pay a little extra a stay somewhere else!	We booked the Tropicana through hotels.com and chose it based on location and price. Our total for one night was $56 including all taxes. The hotel is dated and the &quot;renovated rooms&quot; were possibly last renovated in the 1970's. We did not expect much with a rate of $56/night.....but....our inital &quot;renovated&quot; room was dingy (not filty), but did have some mold in the bathroom and there were numerous hairs in the bed. We were promptly moved to a suite and management was very professional and courteous. The suite was not much better than our inital room, but for $56 it was tolerable. The decor is cheesy 70's Vegas style with mirrors everywhere...even on the ceilings! I would recommend this hotel only for one or two nights for a group of friends, not for couples. I would say it is not worth any more than $56/night, though.The location is perfect! Many cheaper hotels are off strip.If you are in to adventure and are a cheap skate, the Tropicana may be a good choice for you!Good Luck!!!	
Oct 24 2007	Your expectations should be realistic......	Our expectations were realistic, based on what we paid for this property and we had an enjoyable stay. This was our first stay at the Tropicana.We booked on line directlyh with the hotel and as they indicated they would, they had absolutely no problem with matching a lower rate I found on another website. They were very quick to respond to the request off their website and we were very, very pleased by their customer service on this request.We booked a Tower room and were immediately upgraded when we got there - didn't even ask. Very nice. Got through check in with no problem and no wait. Rooms: As most have said, this is an older property and it does have signs of it's age. The rooms are nothing special, although I LOVED that there was a window we could actually open. Basically the rooms are Holiday Inn style with a little fridge, table two chairs and a safe. We had no problems with the safe and it was free if you swiped your drivers license. Never saw the maid, room was always made up. However, we were almost never in the room so would not have expected to run into anyone. Casino: Mid sized, lots of everything you would expect in a casino and I thought the servers were great. Each day at the tables while there the same server actually remembered what I drank and just brought me one (actually she brought two) whenever she came around. Tipped her nicely as was treated very nicely. Did not spend much time in this particular casino.Food: We only ate at the dinner buffet here one night and it was quite honestly the absolute worst buffet I have ever been to in Vegas. Very small, limited selections, cheap food. $17.99 a person and honestly was about $17 per person over priced. And we were hammered and we still hated it - what does that tell you! Pool: Nice, clean and larger than I expected. MUST HAVE the Volcanic Eruptions from the pool bar. I think they were $14 a piece? Or two for $14 - don't recall exactly. And trust me....after 2 of them....you will recall very little. Fantastic and every penny worth the price. Ask for a little extra 151 float on top and you will get it.The Body Exhibit: Loved it, very much worth the admission price. We were looking for an inexpensive, clean, no frills hotel on the strip and we got exactly what we were looking for. If you are expecting the Bellagio for $49 per night - you WILL be dissapointed. Amazes me that people have Bellagio, Wynn, Ceasars, Mandalay Bay expectations from this place. I've stayed at all above but Ceasars and it never occured to me to put the Tropicana in the same category as them.For those of you interested......my opinion based on value for cost and overall impression of the Tropicana:Tropicana is better than: Circus, Circus &amp; The RivieraOn equal ground with: Imperial PalaceNot anywhere near: Bellagio, Wynn, Mandalay Bay, or ParisEnjoy and have a few Long Islands at the Bellagio Sports Bar or Pain Killers at Rumjungle. You'll be sure to have a good time in Vegas.	
Oct 22 2007 	Dangerous filthy rotting BEDBUGS	Gangsters seem to roam the COMPLETLY UNSECURED corridors at night, rooms are filthy and malodorous. I kept my valuables in my car, after I heard a visitor abusing the manager about his room being broken into.I have never stayed at a more run down establishment, there are cockroaches floating belly-up around the pool along with assorted litter. If you use the spa pools - you WILL get sick. The sun-chairs are the most unwieldy, uncomfortable things, also filthy and no locker room. Stay at the motel 6 next door, while it is more expensive (yes!), the rooms will be clean and if you want to use the disgusting pool area, (perhaps you want to get sick or something) you can.Yes, that's right, you can just walk right in to the hotel, take the elevator to the pool and use the pool, you will not be checked at all.Some other problems include: no lifeguards, NO TV (there are about 7 bad channels), no coffee maker, filth pasted over everything, $15 a night for WIFI.I had to move after the first night because I realized that my bed was INFESTED WITH BEGBUGS. I mean good grief Charlie Brown - BEDBUGS!! The light is so dim in the room, (20 Watts saver bulbs) that I couldn't shave properly, there is a reason why the light is so dim - the filthy carpets and bedspreads, the 1980s TV set...The food is bad, the gaming areas have no class, long empty, corridors with big signs saying NO SHIRT NO SHOES NO SERVICE, etc.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great Experience	The reason I chose to stay at the tropicana was because of price. After reading both good and bad things on here about this hotel I was nervous but made the reservations anyway. The experience turned out to be delightful. I will agree that the rooms are outdated but then again it is a very old hotel. Just rememeber it's not the bellagio but if you're on a budget this is fantastic! We had no problems or issues with anything. The line was a bit long at checkin (waited 35-45 min) but that is the only thing I would complain about. Staff was very nice. We stayed in a Garden room which had a porch! What other hotel in Vegas can you stay in and get a porch or deck without paying thousands of dollars.... The room was HUGE. Bigger than any other hotel room I've stayed in in Vegas. Pool area was Awesome! I will stay here again!	
Oct 18 2007 	No Service No Sympathy Did Nothing!!!	This is the worse hotel I have ever stayed at. I got the room through Orbitz at a reasonable price. So I checked in at 9:30pm on a thursday night because I was there for a bachelor's party from friday on to sunday. I got in early so I can at least do some gambling. So I checked in at 9:30pm, left the room at 9:45pm and went to the casino. Wasnt happening so I went across the street to MGM Grand. I got back to the room at 3:30am and found my room's door jimmied. Walked in and found my suitcase in shambles. Someone broke into my room, took my camera, my cash, and even my toothbrush. I called security right away, they came and took pictures. AND THATS IT. No Compensation for my lost and did nothing. Made me wait til the manager came in at 7am and she didnt anything also. What a bad hotel. No one should stay here because no one would give you sympathy.	
Oct 17 2007	A budget traveller's destination	OK - so it's one of the older hotels on the strip. Know this going in and you won't be disappointed. What's wonderful about the Trop is 1. Its location. You're right on the Strip. Across the street (by a convenient bridge) is the MGM, and other hotels are nearby.2. Fabulous customer service. We had a wierd noise in the room, and we were really nice about it. They upgraded us to an enormous suite for the rest of our stay. 3. Everyone went out ot their way to be pleasant and accommodating. 4. The Folies Bergere is a fun show and you can get great online prices, or even a free ticket if you sign up for their players club promotionThis is usually a hotel where my 20 something daughter and her friends stay because of the price, but if I have to take a group and rent a few rooms, the price can't be beat. Good travellers roll with the punches and don't lose their cool. Maybe that's why the Trop staff was so kind to us, but I noticed that everyone, from the reservations desk to the concierge, to the ticket booth to the people in the restaurants could have given lessons in customer service to the Bellagio. I got my money's worth and then some,	
Oct 16 2007 	Great stay	We were booked at the Tropicana through a time share promotion. They paid for a Island Tower room which we upgraded for $20 per night to a Paradise Tower room. There is little walking as the elevator to the Paradise Tower is in the front of the casino. The room was very clean and very large and seemed to have been decorated with new carpeting, drapes &amp; bedding. The housekeeping staff was excellent. Every morning we had the big breakfast in the Garden Cafe which was well worth it. There is a very pretty pool area. Upon checking in with heavy luggage use the handicap ramp as there are steps at the entrance and also to the end of the check in there is another handicap ramp instead of lugging you luggage up steps. Although this is one of the older casinos it is well worth being so close to the strip with less walking through casinos to get to your room. I would stay there again. After reading some reviews I was a little wary of staying here but did not have a bad thing to say about it.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great Room for the Price! Better than I expected.	This was our first time coming to Vegas and it was a last minute trip. So we were a little hesitant about staying here after reading all of the reviews. We were pleasantly surprised. Check in is normally at 3pm ,but because we arrived early we were able to get our rooms around 11:30a/12 noonish. We stayed in the Paradise Tower room and it was clean and comfortable. There wasn't any mold or broken toilets or celings, etc that some of the reviews talked about. We loved it and would stay here again. Plus, how much time do you really stay in your room in Vegas? Not much... Bottom line good room and location for the price. The champagne brunch at the Island Buffett was pretty good too.	
Oct 11 2007 	Better than expected	I wanted a large suite for entertaining friends for my husband's 40th birthday and the price for this was fantastic. I had some trepidations after reading some negative reviews, but decided to go with my seasoned traveler instincts and booked anyway. I was quite pleasantly surprised, from the moment I stepped foot onto the nice-looking property and was greeted very warmly by bell staff, to my departure one week later. I had a suite in the paradise tower (in front of property) that was huge. A very large parlor area with separate wet bar and dining area comprised one half of the suite; a large bedroom and bath made up the other. The view was absolutely fabulous; I defy you to find a better view in Las Vegas at almost any price. With a corner location that had windows on both sides, we could see all the way down the strip to the mountains from one side and down Tropicana Avenue past Excalibur all the way to the mountains on the other. Adjacent close-up views were of New York New York, Excalibur, and MGM Grand. It looked like Disneyland. Every member of hotel staff I encountered was exemplary in their friendliness and service. Room service was very prompt; even when told it would be 45 minutes, it was less than 20. It is an older property but the pool was still nice. I do wish they had a coffee maker and microwave in the room; $10.00 plus $4.00 for delivery, plus tip is a bit steep just for a pot of coffee in the morning. The only other option is to traipse through the casino to an OK coffee bar on the ground floor. We did experience a strange smell, which was noted by other patrons in reviews, but quickly realized that it is the usual smell of many places including outdoor areas in Las Vegas. We think it might be the water that smells that way. But all in all, I couldn't be happier with this, especially considering the very reasonable price.	
Oct 10 2007 	Shocked at how great this hotel was for the money	Okay, once again another hotel. I was WAY hesitant to stay here but my wife said lets five it a spin. The question is how does is compare. I have stayed at the wynn and bellagio. I have paid $750.00 plus per night to stay at those hotels and let me tell you spend $300.00 per night including tax and you get an awesome room. Our room was 1000 Square feet. It had a steam room and a sauna. The bathroom was awesome. Two bathrooms and a wet bar. Too many amenities to mention. As always you can e-mail me with any questions	
Oct 10 2007	Nasty Black Mold in Room	We stayed at the Tropicana in Oct, 2007. Were told we had an upgraded room. There was black mold in the bathroom and the room vent for the AC! Ceiling was partially falling on the floor! Very scary for the money! NEVER AGAIN!!! Terrible service as well. Stay away - beware!!! I was also cut by a piece of metal on the door. Only offered a meal at the buffet as compensation! What a joke! This place needs to be reminded the customer should be treated well.	
Oct 10 2007	This place needs some serious remodeling and better help	Ok, when you check in and they tell you right at the desk to upgrade bec. your room is a dump, something is wrong!Even when we upgraded our room was dirty and ugly. After complaining we got our money back on the upgrade and moved again to a room that had a nasty dirty toilet with waste on the wall and on a used roll of toilet paper.The service was horrible at the restaurants and Casino. The pool and hot tubs were so filthy that I was afraid to get in so I had to pass. I was really looking forward to relaxing in the water but not at this dump.The esculator was broken the entire time and I heard now that it has been with no plans on repairing it.I didn't feel refreshed after staying there at all and it seems that they don't plan on fixing any of their problems.Just tear it down already!	
Oct 2 2007 	Great Location Good Value Good Stay	We were little worried to book our stay here based on some of the reviews here. Nontheless, we could not pass up $79 per night. It turned out to be great decision and almost wish we had not booked a room at MGM Grand the following night for extra $100. We were upgraded to suite which was spacious, clean and full of mirrors!!! The beds were comfortable and clean. We had the view of Airport. The morning view was incredible. As sun came up, the sky was full of different shades. I just wish Hooters hotel did not block some of the view.Location was good and within walking distance to Monnte Carlo, NY NY, and Belagio. Wynn, Ventiation were little too far too walk both ways. All in all, it was a great stay. The price was great. In all honesty, MGM Grand at $189 (Celebrity Suite) the next night was not different enough to justify the extra $100.The garden was beautiful. The breakfast was overpriced. The walk to the rooms was long. Other than that, very much worth more than $80.The magic show at the hotel, which is higly promoted not worth the money or the time.	
Oct 1 2007 	Good Value in Las Vegas	Very tacky hotel, but for the price its more than worth it.We upgraded to a tower room for $10, which is more than worth it as the garden rooms dont look so good.We had a nice view and the room was good. The pool was quite big but reading other reviews way overated. It was the dirtiest pool ever the day we used it with rubbish and cigarette butts floating around. The food in the hotel is poor and overpriced, but who cares, justwalk over the road to New York, New York and eat there.	
Sep 30 2007 	Rubbish run down old hotel	Tropicana is a very average and crappy hotel. The entire establishment is significantly sub par, and run down. The escelators are always out of order, carpet old and dirty, rooms VERY out dated. We had a massive stain in the carpet and the bath / shower was disgusting.	
Sep 30 2007 	The Trop is in need of some serious first aid.	My wife and I travel alot for vacations and really appriciate &quot;TripAdvisor.&quot; I have always found the inputs to be of Great Help! However having stayed at the &quot;Trop&quot; before (2004) I felt some of the current reviews were unfair for the Hotel. Well, this was until my last stay from 9/24-9/27. I have to admit the negitive reviews were correct. I booked this short trip threw Allegiant Air and traveled alone so I selected to stay in the basic &quot;Garden Room&quot; which is actually the oldest section on the property (I did not need anything fancy since my wife was not w/ me.) I arrived at 0900 in the AM and was told I could check into my room at about noon. I returned about 1:30 pm and waited for over a half hour in line to check in. When it was my turn to check in I proceeded to see &quot;Andy&quot; and gave him my CC Card and ID. He found my reservation and asked if I wanted to upgrade my room to one of the two tower rooms for an extra fee. They have a profile with the room pictures to look at of course hoping you will select the &quot;Up-sell&quot; I declined and was told out of 700 &quot;Garden Rooms&quot; that he had none available at the time and that I could return at 4:30 to see if one was ready. I was tired and needed a nap before the &quot;Monday Night Football&quot; game so I gave in and selected a tower room for an extra $30.00. I got into my room and found out the safe was not working. After a 30 minute nap I woke to see the room was dusty and the bathroom dirt with long hairs on the floor (Not Mine.) I went down to see the manager who was very nice and she said if I wanted she could move me to a &quot;Garden Room&quot; Hmmmmmmmm.......Ok, went to the Garden Room it was at least as nice as the tower room which ment dirty and it did smell musty but heck these rooms were built in the 50's. My house keeper was very nice. I pointed out mold in the bathrrom and dirty table tops. I tipped her $10.00 and the next day my room was as clean as she could get it with the years of use but it was alot nicer.The next day I noticed on the tv screen that my upgrade fee was not refunded so I called down to the desk to inquire. The Lady was rude and said I had a upgrade to a pool view. I had to point out my in the 3000 wing was of Tropicana Blvd. She continue to state I had an upgrade until I took a phone picture of my view to the desk. Two hours later the fee was returned. Gees!The pool is the anchor of the hotel and my favorite part of the Hotel in 2004. Now it is scattered w/ cigerette butts and beeer bottles and trash. On my last day they closed the pool because of some black foam that was forming near a waterfall. I forgot to mention the beds are hard and under the sheets and above the matress is a thick plastic matress protector and it is very unconfortable. While trying to sleep at night I cringed at what they might be protecting the mattress from....The other common areas are very worn and Im sad to see this from a Vintage Hotel in a Great Location. I would not suggest this Hotel torn down...Heck No!!! ...But serious $$$$ need s to be spent to bring this Gem back to it's Great Self! ....and the front desk needs some training on customer satisfation. I will stay here again even if it is not upgraded, but only by myself. I would not tourture my wife to this venue. Me on the other hand spent 12 years in the military and stayed in my barracks...so this place is fine by me.	
Sep 26 2007 	Incredible Value-- Right on the Strip!	We booked a room at the Tropicana when we decided to extend our stay in Vegas but did not want to remain at our current hotel. The experience was really great.The Tropicana is one of the older hotels on the strip, but if you go into things knowing that you will not be disappointed. We were able to get a room there (on a Sunday night) for $71 ($84-something after taxes and fees, etc.)-- the same price we paid for a terrible room elsewhere! Front desk staff was great, very polite and prompt. When we got to the room, we were very pleasantly surprised. It was huge compared to the cave we had had before at the same price! The two beds were comfortable, and the sheets were amazingly soft. Although the decor looked a little dated, everything was clean and welcoming. The bathroom was huge and clean, with one downspot. In the shower, I felt quite claustrophic because of the low ceilings. Additionally, there was some mold on the ceiling. That was gross, but was the only downside to this location, and I'm not sure how widespread this was throughout the hotel. For me, it was by no means a dealbreaker, especially given the bargain we got!We had a great view of the strip from our hotel window, and were overall very pleased.The casino downstairs was, again, looking a little dated, and wasn't a &quot;trendy&quot; spot, but was fun to go down and play some cards, hit the slots a little, and have some beers while we watched the football game. All in all, I was incredibly pleased with our decision to stay at the Tropicana. While it was an older hotel, it was very clean and comfortable and I would recommend this highly to any Vegas travellers.	
Sep 26 2007 	the trop is spot on	just got back from the tropicana in vegas, second time we've stayed at the trop, last time was nov 2006, we stayed in the tower rooms on level 12, it was spot on, the rooms are ok, nothing extravagent, but nice, clean and spacious, and the location is superb, at the top of the strip opposite the mgm and new york new york and excaliber.. the hotel is looking a little dated but thats what is so good about it, you get the feeling of being in a real lv casino, the staff throughout both our stays there have been great, always friendly and willing to help, and the comps at the trop are second to none, free booze while gambling, bogof at the bar, discounted food in the restaurants, and best of all 50 dollars a night mon to fri and 100 sat and sun for a double room.. if people out there have problems with the staff, then they must cause the problems, we've not once had any negative comments from the trop staff, the food in the buffet restuarant is ok, nothing special but palatable, a big brecky costs 10 dollars, 3 eggs big slice of thick ham, breakfast potatoes, 3 slices of toast, fresh orange and all the hot coffee you can drink, ther are two other restaurants in the hotel, an italian and a steak house, the food is excellent in both restaurants but a bit more expensive, large steak meal is around 24 dollars.. well hope this helps and if your thinking of going to vegas i would recommend the trop as a very good value hotel in an excellent position, we will be stopping there again next year....	
Sep 24 2007 	We didn't have any problems	I just had to write in since I had read so many negative reviews on the Trop. We checked in on Sunday 9/16 and stayed through Friday 9/21. Our room was in the Island Tower and was appropriate for the price - nothing was dirty and housekeeping was great. Yes the hotel is old and the carpets and wall coverings are old and in need of replacement but what do you expect for an older hotel that is running these room rates. The pool area was very clean while we were there. We never had any complaints about the staff. Everyone was friendly and helpful.The only complaint we had with this hotel was the food - don't eat at the buffet or the Garden Cafe. Walk across the street and hit the buffet at the MGM or go to New York, New York for their huge selection of small cafes.	
Sep 22 2007	Lackluster experience from start to finish very unprofessional	We didn't stay at the Trop but spent the morning there. We wanted to see the &quot;Bodies&quot; exhibit before we caught our plane out. We decided to spend the entire morning at the Trop getting breakfast at the buffet and taking a look at the hotel, doing some gambling and ending up with seeing the exhibit. The whole thing was a bad experience. The buffet was the worst I have ever experienced. We have been going to Las Vegas for 10 years and have had buffets in many different hotels and cities but this was the worst. The food was bad, poorly presented and never the right temperature. The staff we encountered were unprofessional, not very knowledgeable about their job and didn't seem to care. This hotel gets a 2 thumbs down in every area.	
Sep 19 2007	Loved the Trop for years but it's time for improvement...	We have stayed at the Trop for 16 years, at least once a year. We typically expected what we always have- an older, more classic resort, a little rough around the edges, but clean and less busy. Our major selling points were the pool and its proximity to the tropics bar (you could sit by the pool and when you felt the urge could go up one floor and have a drink and play video poker) and the Island towers proximity to both the pool and tropics lounge.Basically you could stay in the Island tower and be minutes from either the pool or a quiet fun little video poker bar. Well, we show up and WHAM! the video poker machines at the tropics lounge are GONE. They removed all of the gaming machines from this entire wing of the resort. Now you have a 300 yard walk across the resort to get to any gaming. A few other issues- The escalator that has been broken for how long now, with a piece of wood wedged in there? Our toilet overflowed and sink drained slowly. They were quick to repair though. Some of the bartenders were grouchy and inattentive. Our bedspread was worn and semmed very seventyish. The bright spots were the pool, still great! The overall service was pretty good. The Players Deli had great food- bagel and lox for $7.00 with generous portion. Good sandwiches too. Tropicana owners Columbia Sussex need to figure out what to do with this aging gem. The staff is losing morale and the resort is declining quickly.	
Sep 18 2007 	You get what you pay for	We, like many others chose this hotel because of the reasonable price. I will not make that mistake again after my experience at the Tropicana! With the exception of Shelia at the check in counter the entire staff was rude and extremely unprofessional not only once but at every encounter. I have never been treated so badly by a hotel staff; we weren't treated like paying customers, more like a homeless person that had wondered in off the street.  We were given a Garden Room; this room was unacceptable to say the least. The bed had a permanent dip in it and the smell coming from the room could be detected from the hallway. If you do stay at the Tropicana, I suggest you pay the extra money for a room in one of the Towers or better yet, find a better hotel all together.	
Sep 16 2007 	Tropicana is cool!	Arrived at the Tropicana on Friday, 6pm, high season summer...there was a little wait at the Front Desk, and the check in was smooth! Fran was very nice, offered an upgrade for $10 more, which was worth it, because those rooms by the pool looked a little too dated (and possibly noisy)Our room was all the way at the tall back tower, a bit of a hike but quiet and not crowded at all...Fran also offered us a 1pm late check out at no charge...We were given a map of the hotel and directions to get to our room. The room was huge and comfortable, on the 17th floor overlooking the pool and the overlooking the other mega hotels on the strip-Planet Hollywood, NY NY, MGM Grand, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay bay...the whole city of Vegas and beyond was in view from our room! The room was pretty basic, my boyfriend and I like to get double beds rather than just a king size, the room is bigger for the same price, nice when you have friends that come over to relax and chill.There was a table and chairs as well in our room.Bathroom shower head was a bit low, and I am 5'5!Bathtub was huge! The heavy duty curtains did come in handy when going to bed, cause the lights of the strip was just too too much! Enjoyed the buffet overlooking the pool, but it is a bit too much to pay for the type of selection offered....Lots of slots and restaurants and souvenir shops to choose from. Easy walk to MGM Grand, New York, New York, Excalibur,Luxor...Be prepared to WALK, WALK, WALK...ate like a pig during my stay.Close to cheap eats-McDonalds, La Salsa, Pizza, restaurants at the other hotels etc...Huge line for the Bodies and Titanic Exhibit-be prepared to wait or try to book the tickets in advance.Didn't dare try to swim at the pool, from the 17th floor the pool water looked murky, too many people, kids...who knows what's in that water...stay at a hotel or resort away away from the strip if you want to enjoy lounging, some elbow room or to do some actual swimming...Ate at the cafe on the first floor, decent burgers and sandwiches. It takes a while to get oriented with the Tropicana, with the huge layout of the hotel. Won a bit of $$ on slots but not much....many to choose from as well. Take advantage of the coupons that they give you upon check in-found so many laying around, it's worth it to use the buy 1 get one free drink at the many bars, though I felt the bartenders grudgingly accepted the coupons...who cares, they get paid either way! The $1.50 hot dog and drink coupon is a good pick me up too in between meals! Easygoing crowd, staff and atmosphere...I love the older style hotels in Vegas! Keep the memories alive!Easy access to and from Las Vegas airport, literally right behind the Tropicana hotel...will definitely be back here again, sign up for deals online and you'll always get your money's worth!	
Sep 15 2007 	Don't stay at the tropicana!!!! outdated/smells/bad service	We booked our 5 night air/Tropicano hotel package thru Travelocity. We checked in at the hotel around 11:30pm. Unfortunately, the reservation we made was not held for us. We had booked a non-smoking &quot;garden room&quot;. We were given another room in the Paradise Tower. Upon entering the room, we were overwhelmed with the stench of smoke. The room was dark, gloomy and out of the 1970s. The dead bolt didn't even lock the door from the inside! We called front desk to ask whether the room was a smoking room and was told it was. We were told that nothing else was available and that they would move us next morning to a non-smoking room but that didn't help us at the moment. I am mildly allergic to smoke. We rtned to the front desk and spoke to Renado, the manager. The manager was arrogant and rude. Basically shrugged his head at us. By then it was 12am. The manager said that Travelocity should be aware of Tropicano's hotel policy that hotel rooms are not always guaranteed. Finally the manager mentioned that an ozone humidifier machine could be brought into the room which would get rid of the smokey odour. That would mean we would need to vacate our hotel room for 2 hours! So that would mean 2am until we got to actually sleep in the room. We had no choice but to do that. The room smelt much worse after that. We contacted Travelocity next morning who spoke to the hotel. The Tropicana did move us to another room. King size bed, cleaner and brighter room. The hotel is very outdated, is very smokey throughout the hotel, from the public restrooms to the main entrance. The main entrance has steps that you have to drag your luggage up and more steps to get to the raised check-in desk. The entrance to the hotel smells like cheap fragrance and smoke. There doesn't appear to be a proper wheelchair access ramp at the main entrance. No concierge or proper security at this hotel either. The restaurants are overpriced for this type of hotel. Not sure how the hotel won the bid to exhibit &quot;The Bodies&quot; and &quot;The Titanic&quot; exhibitions. Would have been better suited at The Luxor or any other hotel in its rank. Don't do the Lucky $20 slots. No one wins! But everyone gets a free cheap gift from the display case. You have to pay a daily resort fee of approx $6.00 per person for access to the gym, the pool. What a rip off! The private pool is nice. All casinos in LV allow smoking but this was awful. I caught a cold a few days later probably because of the poor ventilation. We only stayed at this hotel because we found a deal through Travelocity. Never again! The hotel is so to speak a &quot;dump&quot;. Surprise it hasn't been torn down. The service is rubbish. You get what you pay for. If you have the extra $, stay somewhere else on the strip. DO NOT PAY FOR AIRPORT SHUTTLE SERVICE!!!! It is priced same as a taxi. It's a milk run to all the hotels and is unrealiable. We paid for the &quot;Grayline Airport Shuttle&quot; tickets online thru Travelocity. However, on our return journey to the McCarran Airport, we had arranged for the shuttle to collect us. It didn't turn up. We, along with another guest, waited 40 minutes outside in 100F heat. I called Grayline and was put on hold until the next available operator....I never got to talk to anyone. We were forced to take a taxi to the airport which cost, in our case, less than the shuttle. So take a taxi instead. We now know better! Oh and watchout for sales people disguised as Las Vegas Tourist Information. They can be quite aggressive. Their only purpose is to give you a sales pitch/sell you a dinner/show or some tour. They're not like your usual tourist information. It was like being in Mexico again! A bonus was the bus service known as &quot;The Deuce&quot;. Good value for any visitor without a car. We used &quot;The Deuce&quot; to get to and fro the strip. The Deuce runs 24hrs and costs $2.50 one way or $5.00 all day. There are three outlet malls which are easily accessible thru public transit. We liked the Premium Outlet Mall just passed Stratosphere hotel on Grand Central Parkway.	
Sep 11 2007	Not the best	We wanted Strip &amp; cheap and we got what we paid for. The place either needs to be remodeled or upgraded. It’s like a time warp, but not in a good way. It’s not that the room wasn’t clean, but everything in it was so old that it felt dingy. The location wasn’t bad, but I came close to wanting to scream at the “free meal &amp; show tickets” resort salesmen that were crawling all over. Here’s an LV tip, never ask anyone with a clipboard for information! We ate breakfast here one day, and there was a wide selection but the food was so-so. Definitely wouldn’t stay here again.	
Sep 9 2007 	You get what you pay for!!	We have just returned from Vegas, having stayed 10 days at the Tropicana hotel. It was a last minute booking, just 3 days before we went, so we went for a cheap holiday and that is what we got with this hotel. This hotel is basic, dated and without the razzle dazzle of other hotels on the strip. We had a basic room, it was clean and we had our beds made every day,it was always spotless. The room had a smell to it that wasnt altogether pleasant, but how much time do you spend in your room in vegas??....not much. The beds were comfy and we had a terrace outside with chairs, although there is a footpath directly outside the rooms, so we kept our curtains closed the whole time as people could see in. I have read other reviews about this hotel, where people say the buffet is lovely....We have to disagree!! the buffet was rubbish!! if you want a good buffet for half the price, get a cab to the Gold coast off the strip, their buffet is one of the best we`ve been to and also the Orleans Hotel,$6.99.One thing i found very alarming, is that the side doors to this hotelhave no security whatsoever, no-one to stop people coming in,no-one looking at your room keys, no device to swipe your room key before entering the side doors, so ANYONE from outside has direct access to corridors/bedrooms. We never saw one security guard on any corridors the whole ten days we were there. In the early hours of one morning, we had someone trying to get into our room and although we had the deadlock on and knew they couldnt get in, it was still very scarey...knowing any member of the public can enter the hotel by outer doors and not be challenged.When you go into other hotels on the strip and off it, you dont get anywhere near the bedrooms!!The best feature of the hotel is by far the pool area, which is lovely.Basically you get what you pay for at this hotel. We wont be staying there again and wouldnt recommend it either.	
Sep 6 2007 	Unbeatable Value!	My husband and I are in our mid thirties and are from New Zealand. We stayed at the Tropicana for a week in September 2006 after I spent hours researching accommodation options on the internet. We were absolutely thrilled with it in every respect. For anyone wanting to spend a little less on accommodation but still have a clean, spacious room with great service and amenities then I totally recommend the Tropicana. It is like an oasis amongst some very expensive and newer hotels at about one tenth the cost. The location is absolutely brilliant as it is in the midst of a small cluster of hotels (MGM Grand, Excalibar, Luxor, Hooters and New York, New York) which are great to wander through and is on the corner of one of the busiest intersections in the country. There were plenty of activities and shows and sights to see within easy walking distance and there's really no need to stay in the centre of The Strip as the monorail and bus services are great. The service was excellent. We had a small complaint to make at one stage and we received most satisfactory compensation. The rooms were clean and reasonably sized for the two of us, and we had a small balcony. Room servicing was great. Everything was clean and tidy with beds made and clean towels every day when we returned to our room. The restaurants in the hotel were excellent. The international food alley at Times Square in the New York, New York hotel across the street was great also and very handy to walk across to. The Mexican food was fantastic (I can't remember the name of the restaurant). Great roller coaster ride around the outside of the building too! Once you've ridden it you can ride again on the same day half price. Also, the magic show and the Folies Bergere show at the Tropicana were both outstanding. I'd highly recommend seeing both. The pool area was just lovely. Very large pool that was nice and clean and we spent the last day just relaxing by the water. Nice whirlpools there too if it gets a little cool. Our check-in and check-out was swift with no long queues I've heard you can get at some of the huge hotels. We had an absolutely fantastic time and we will definitely stay at the Tropicana again on our next trip to Las Vegas in 2008!	
Sep 5 2007	TERRIBLE....you get what you pay for!	First thing...DO NOT GET ROOM 5124!!!!!!!!!!!!! WORST room with the busiest traffic in the hotel!! Had 2 exits, 1 stairway exit, soda machine, ice machine and the lovely janitor storage room which got busy at 2AM onto sunrise and no balcony! Great view of a bush that grows over top of the window (it is literally in contact with the window). Supposedly every room is equipped with an in-room safe, but unfortunately ours had been ripped off of the floor (the holes and ripped capet still remained). Room is located right at the end of the management hallway and there was security outside of the door constantly. The water not only in the room, but all over the resort had a terrible stench. The smell made me choke in the morning (especially when preparing to wet my toothbrush). The lighting was terrible and one of the lamps did not work. I requested to upgrade toa suite in hopes of trying to save the trip but the check-in staff is not very helpful. No concierge. If you want to print off your boarding pass you have to pay to use the (1) pay-per-minute internet station and pay 1 dollar per page to print. There is only 1 machine so you must wait in line for others to do their business first. Please do yourself a favor and spend a couple hundred more dollars and get much better accomodations elsewhere. Your party will thank you! You've been warned.	
Sep 4 2007 	Thank you Tropicana! It's sad to see you go ...	We picked this hotel because of its low price, plus the fact it is only one of a few hotels in LV that does not charge children under 12 who occupy the same room with parents. Our family of 4 stayed 3 nights in late August on 16th floor in one of the towers. The hotel really shows its age. The room is very spacious and the swimming pool is lovely. We all enjoyed our stay because of its on-strip location. The locals told me that Tropicana had been sold and would be torn down soon. Where else in LV can tourists find a better deal?	
Sep 4 2007 	Tropicana - better than expected!	We booked this hotel room as we planned a super quick 1 day stay in Vegas over Labor Day weekend and didn't want to drop a fortune on a room. After I booked it, I read the reviews and they were dismal to say the least.I must say we were pleasantly surprised with our room and the hotel. Our room was very clean, very cool and the king bed was very comfortable. Our bathroom was spotless and large and the shower had good pressure. The decor left a bit to be desired, but that was no biggie. The hallways were clean and not in a state of disrepair whatsoever.We did not stay in the tower, we stayed in the garden rooms. We were on the 3rd floor on the 5000 wing and had a little balcony off our room as well. My only complaint was that there was a lot of noise in the hallway late at night. I don't know if that's just because, well, drunk people are loud, or if because the soundproofing is horrible. We stayed at NY, NY last year and while our room was a corner room at the end of a hall we had absolutely no noise in our room. We would definitely stay here again. It's obviously not the huge hotel and resort that so many others are on the Strip, but for the price and location it suited our needs perfectly.	
Aug 31 2007 	Not Very Happy with this Property	I booked a stay at the Tropicana for an all girls trip in June of 2007. I had booked for three nights with a travel agent and decided I wanted to stay a fourth night (Wednesday night). The rates had gone up slightly so I decided to call the hotel directly to see if I could extend the stay at the same rate. No problem I was told. No need for new confirmation number, they would add on the night. Imagine my surprise when I go to check in and there is no reservation for the extra night.... AND THERE A NO ROOMS AVAILABLE. Ok... of course I had no proof because I had no new confirmation number... I talked to the manager and he was less than sympathetic, pretty much said I was a liar as the rate I was quoted was about half what it was &quot;when he came in that afternoon&quot;. Uh, I am sure the rate is higher now but I made my reservation for the extra night weeks ago. Why would anybody drive to Las Vegas in the middle of the night and try to pretend they had a reservation? Also I had called a couple weeks prior to confirm the reservation as I wanted to check tax info so I would know how much the other people traveling would owe me. I really am convinced that since I arrived so late (midnight) they gave my room to somebody else and instead of excepting responsibility for it they made me run around Vegas at one in the morning trying to find someplace to sleep. Anyway... it could have been worse, I did find a room and got a few hours sleep before I had to pick my friends up from the airport. The room itself was ok, as was the hotel itself. I did not book it for the rooms, we had been booked at the Paris Las Vegas but a fun pool was what I was after as my friends are from Minnesota and a pool is somewhat of a novelty to them. The pool was really nice and we spent a couple hours there everyday. The Hotel I hear is due for rennovations - it is necessary. Avoid the Garden Rooms - they look really nasty. In fact when I very first arrived there I ended getting to the lobby thru the back of the hotel by the Garden Rooms and my very first encounter was that of a hooker tyring to find a room! I saw a guy calling to her from his balcony and later saw the same guy wandering the halls looking for her. Lovely! Oh well, you get what you pay for! Next time I'll stay at the Mandalay Bay if a pool is what I am after.	
Aug 31 2007 	Cheap and cheerfull	We stayed at the Tropicana during August and thouroughly enjoyed our stay. The main reason for choosing the Trop was because it was cheap and had a great pool area. I am not sure what some people expect from a hotel when you pay £25 a night but we found the pool area terrific and even when we later stayed at the Luxor and NY NY we would come back and use the Trop pool!! Yeah it was dirty and the escalator didn't work the whole time we were there but it was friendly and old school which we liked. The cafe did a great breakfast with friendly staff and you felt like you were in America and not a tourist trap like the other hotels. We were upgraded on arrival to a tower room which was large and adequate but for £25 a night it was terrific and we would stay again just for the old school feel and the excellent uncrowded pool area. Who stays in the room when you are in Vegas?!	
Aug 29 2007 	There's no place like home...	... but this is FAR from home. I recently needed to stay in Las Vegas for business and my staff booked a room at the Tropicana due to it's location to my business. Upon arrival things seemed okay. The staff was friendly, efficient and courteous. However, when I got to my room things began to slide. The room was so far from the lobby casino I thought I might be crossing into another state. The view from my room was a filthy gutter and a roof complete with conduit and other utilities. And I was not looking down on the roof, was above the window like so there was, literally, nothing else to be seen. The carpet was threadbare. The chair in the room was faded and worn through so that the foam stuffing was coming out. The ceiling was dropped to under the standard 8 feet making the room feel oppressive and cramped and there was rust, mildew and general discoloration throughout the bathroom. The towels, though clean were so sheer one could hold them up to the ceiling and see light filtering through. The floors in the room and in the hallways to the room were completely uneven and the smell was stale. At night, the noise of the thankfully working air conditioner was so loud it sounded as though someone left an Edsel idling in the bathroom. I complained to the desk about this but was informed that they were sorry but there were no more rooms available. Because of a convention in town I was completely booked, So, I figured since the room was inexpensive and I was only there 2 days I would stick it out, which I did. I was in one of the older wings of the hotel and, perhaps, the tower is nicer, but I have to say that I would not stay at this hotel again unless absolutely necessary. I wrote this review simply to spare others the experience I had. If you book this hotel be sure to ask for newer accommodations and avoid the older wings. You'll probably enjoy a better experience than I.	
Aug 27 2007 	Waiting to go under	I stayed here many years ago, and did again as some family members were staying here. I have to say, I will never come here again. The hotel seems to be on the verge of folding. They have not put any money into upkeep of what they have, and certainly not renovations. One escalator had lots of dust balls and a piece of wood in the steps so I guess they won't be fixing that! It's too bad as the rooms are large, but dirty carpeting (I was in more than one room visiting family), worn out bedsheets(they don't use fitted sheets, just lay flat sheets on the mattress). Lots of dirt around, leaking faucets with rust, the pool was gross and we went first thing in the morning. One positive was the staff in the restaurants were friendly. The front desk staff was not friendly, and although we had requested a crib several weeks earlier, it took them several hours to find one so we couldn't put the baby to bed till 11pm. As you can tell, I was really disappointed at our stay. There are lots of places to stay in Las Vegas, I would recommend pricelining for a 4 star or look at web specials for other places.	
Aug 26 2007 	Good budget strip hotel	A good property at a great price. It was not the nicest or flashiest hotel on the strip by far, but it was very nice. The rooms were good sized with no problems. The location was good, and they have better deals than almost anyother places on the strip.The hotel was more than adequate, and I will be staying here again next month on our trip out for the same reasons.	
Aug 24 2007 	Good Deal if You Got it Cheap - I Didn't	Trip Advisor reviews were correct. It is a gentile but shabby resort, terribly maintained and quite dirty, especially in the 'resort' area. I paid $90+/nite which is not a good deal. Partly my fault for not paying attention to what I was paying per night from Allegiant Air. And then there's that added resort fee that should be put in the rate, not tacked on later. Kinda like buying a lamp nowdays - they don't include the shade to keep the price down:)	
Aug 24 2007 	It was ok good for a budget trip	We stayed from 08/19/2007 - 08/23/2007. We upgraded to a room in Paradise Tower and were put on the top floor. The room was very big and furnishings were decent. It wasn't as fancy as the newer places next door, but my trip was on a tight budget so for the money I was willing to spend I think it was a good trip. The good = a casino floor my elderly mother could navigate easily, a decent room, and we really enjoyed the Comedy Club show. Bad = the food. I didn't find anything really worth spending the money on at any of the eateries here. There are, however, nice buffets at any of the adjoining properties across the street. Be sure and sign up for the Winner's Club program first thing. It pays a few small rewards for the money you throw into gambling. We used our comp money to order up a room service feast on our last night at no cost to us. (But again, the food itself isn't that great - free makes it taste a little better). And they give you a free (cheap) t-shirt that makes a decent gift for someone back home. I would stay here again if my budget is tight. If I was willing to throw away more money, I might choose one of the newer places but all-in-all, it was a trip I enjoyed.	
Aug 22 2007 	Dump on the Strip	My husband recently stayed at the Tropicana Resort and Casino for a friend's wedding. The ceremony was at the Tropicana so we thought it would be easier to stay there with our other twenty-something friends. We had heard good things about the Tropicana and the pictures online looked beautiful. Well, the hotel, casino and pool do not look anything like the pictures. The place is a dump, period. Our hotel room had a musty, smoky smell even though it was non-smoking. The room overlooked a pitched roof that had all kinds of trash on it. (We kept the curtains closed to avoid the view!). Every time we walked down the hallway or rode the elevator to the room there was another piece of the hotel structure that rowdy guests had ripped down and maintenance didn't bother to fix, such as the ceiling panels in the elevator. We didn't stay in our room much but when we did we smelled marijuana and cigarettes from surrounding rooms. On our last night our neighbors tried to break into our room after their night on the town. The front desk did nothing but send a maintenance man several minutes after we called. Thank god they didn't get in but it was a scary few minutes. The pool was cluttered with trash and debris and one of our friends spied a couple having sex in one of the pools. The poor koi fish were swimming among plastic cups and beer cans.If you're into a cheap, dumpy room and hanging with the MTV Spring Break-esque crowd then this is the hotel for you. If you're expecting a clean, safe and convenient room that the other hotels on the strip offer, then DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Aug 20 2007 	A reveiw from somone passing through the hotel	Okay, I did not stay here but visited the hotel because of the fond memories I had of it from 1992.This place has gone to hell. The casino is old, smoky, dirty and overall not very pleasant. I thought a gang fight was going to break out in the one of the slot areas. The bathrooms were dirty, smelly and extremely unclean.I did not feel safe at anytime while I was visiting this place.As I said, I did not stay here and the pool and rooms may be excellent but the casion floor is nothing like I remember (and have pictures of from the 1990's). Look for this to be the next hotel knocked down and rebuilt.I would also like to say that at this end of the strip (with the Luxor, Excalibur and New York New York) doesn't not have a &quot;safe and comfortable feeling&quot; at all.	
Aug 20 2007 	Not that bad	This hotel was plesently nicer then what I had expected from the reviews I had read. True it is a little dated, but you should expect that when booking at an older property in Vegas. It is not one of those new fancy mega resorts. If that is what you want do not stay here. If you want a decent price and to be near all the action with easy walking distance to the mega resorts then this is the place for you. The casion floor had a more intimate feel then the newer places. It was not as crowed so you could easily navigate around and actually find a table to gamble on. The pool area was very nice. They have the yummiest drinks you can get, yes they are $15, but you are in Vegas large jumbo specialty drinks cost that much everywere. Stick to beer if you don't want to spend to much. They have a neat waterfall you can play under in the center of the pool that was lots of fun.The food at the 24 hour cafe on site was pretty good. There french fries were some of the best I had in a long time. Yummy after a late night of gambling and drinking in Vegas. Ordered room service as well. Actually was a very decent price. Only a $1 or so more then the price we paid for the same items in the cafe. Not a bad deal at all. The Island Tower is in the very I mean very back the property. Be prepared for a little hike when you are coming and going if you are staying in that Tower. I notice that the other tower's entrance was right near the front door, maybe worth the upgrade to stay in that one for the conveinence.Overall the rooms were in an okay condition, nothing fancy, then again I don't go to Vegas to sit in my room. The bathroom was rather large with a nice size shower. Was actual twice as big then the NY NY which I also stayed at over the weekend. The room had a lovely view of the airport we had fun watching the planes landing when we were having down time in the room.I was happy with my experience at the Tropicana and would definetly stay there again.	
Aug 11 2007 	Smoky Old Vegas Hotel - Would Not Stay Ther Again!	We decided to stay at the Tropicana because all the other hotels seemed to be booked that week or were over $200 a room. The hotel is one of the oldest of the large hotels in Vegas and it showed! The rooms were just Ok and the view from the window was the parking lot and the strip. They needed major renovations to the place - the carpeting was old and you could tell it was very run down. The bathrooms in the main lobby were not very clean. The desk clerks were very nice and helpful, but the food in the buffet lounge was not very good for the money ($15.95 for dinner). We stayed in a room with a king bed that was not very comfortable. The food in general at the hotel was on the expensive side and it just was not good. With so many other nice hotels in Vegas, we would not stay there again unless they renovated the place!	
Aug 7 2007 	Loved the Tropicana--Wonderful pool area and location	We recently spent a &quot;girls weekend&quot; in Vegas to celebrate my best friend's 30th birthday! We stayed for two nights at the Tropicana and were pleasantly surprised with this place! After reading mixed reviews, we weren't sure what to expect. Upon arrival we were starving and were able to have lunch at their cafe' which was amazing! We had the burgers and fries. Huge portions and the fries had a crispy coating that was great!Very reasonably priced. I think the meal was around $9.00.We knew we wouldn't be spending much time in our rooms, just wanted a clean safe place to lay our heads at night! We also wanted an enjoyable pool area. We found both of these here. There is a small &quot;adults only&quot; pool and a larger pool that stretches a long way which is beautiful! It even has several waterfall areas that flow right into the large pool. The water temperature was just right! There is also a Casino in the first floor of the hotel that has a pretty huge selection of slots as well as blackjack, roulette and so on. They advertise the $5.00 black jack at the pool, but we never got to play! Overall the Tropicana is a great value. We will definitely stay again if given the opportunity to go to Vegas?	
Aug 7 2007 	Reasonable	The Tropicana was a nice-priced, reasonable hotel. The location, at the end of the strip, was fine. The rooms were fine. The staff was fine. Overall, an average property at an average price. I wasn't disappointed in anything, nor was I overly impressed with anything.	
Jul 31 2007 	Don't walk away from it  RUN!!!!!!!!!	Too bad I can't give it negative stars. This is worse than Motel 6. It has three towers, only one of them is less than 50 years old. The other two have no been renovsted or kept clean. Mold, disgusting odor, stains, crap all over the casino, the pool has nasty child molestor looking men drenching their disgusting sweaty fat bodies in it..... Need I go on? There is barely any ventilation in the whole place so you feel like you're suffocating. This is supposed to be a three star hotel? This place makes the Holiday Inn look like paradise. Don't waste your money. I was so repulsed by the place I wanted to trash our non refundable 2 night stay for $134/night just to stay somewhere else, but they finally felt bad for us and put us in the new tower. It didn't have mold, but the rooms did look like a nursing home, and the shower head spat at you at a pressure that nearly gave me a concussion. Also, the furniture was particle board with plastic mouldings, and the bed had some plastic covering under the sheets just in case you pissed your pants while having a nightmare about the hotel. I think I'm done here.	
Jul 23 2007 	Will stay here again	If you're looking to save money and be comfortable, just upgrade to the paradise tower to start. The room was big, our A/C was freezing. We had our own fridge so we stocked it ourselves. The elevator is right at the front of the hotel. You can get to MGM, NYNY and Excalibur with ease (spent all our time at one of those 3).The pool was better than TI in my opinion. The champagne brunch served it's purpose.The garden rooms and Island tower are old, so if you want to save a bit more, understand you get what you pay for.Our friends who traveled with us, had a garden room, paid the upgrade to the island tower, and after they saw our Paradise tower room they asked for another upgrade and got it for free.I'd stay there again to save money. The bathroom was big, clean so was the shower. Oh and to be comfortable I brought my own slippers :)	
Jul 23 2007 	Horrible experience avoid staying at Tropicana in 2007!	My friend and I just stayed at the Tropicana for 2 nights as part of our girls only trip to Vegas. It was a horrible experience! I was just there last year and it was a nice value. It has changed for the worse since then. First of all, our room was very dirty! Linens were clean but that was about it. Dust, mold growth on walls, filthy carpets, etc.The small TV was in poor working condition- sound was horrible, picture was fuzzy, and had no remote control.Security was a major issue with our room. Keep in mind we were only 1/2 story off the ground. Sliding glass door leading to balcony could not be securely locked (only a little loose fitting latch was attached to keep it closed). No dead bolt on the door. Only a chain which was already 1/2 ripped out of the wall would keep people out (supposedly). There was a safe present for securing belongings but we could not use it since it was locked. We called down to the front desk to request assistance and were told Security would have to come help us. Asked for a timeframe from Security and one could not be given. We were not about to waste the whole day in our room waiting for assistance. We just decided to take everything of value with us. Not a convenient thing to do in Vegas on the strip. Several places in the room also noted a $3 per day service charge to use the safe!Housekeeping disregarded do not disturb signs on door. They barged in without warning 4 times during our 2 day stay. Morning and night!Also, they charge a daily fee on top of all other reservation fees. I was pre-paid for the entire stay and still was charged a $5 fee per day for their facilities. They do not allow you to decline it. Very upsetting since their facilities were in such poor condition.The pool was very dirty. Area had trash all around. Lounging chairs were broken. Debris was floating in the pool at all times.I could go on with several other little annoyances, but the major one is the treatment we received by the staff. Customer service throughout the facility was very poor!! We were treated disrespectfully and very rudely. The front desk staff were especially unprofessional and rude. No one cared about us and it showed. We complained to the manager on check out day. She apologized and reimbursed us for the daily fees but said that was all she could do since we pre-paid. I didn't want to ever return so I didn't ask for anything more. She informed us that the hotel/casino is going through major renovations. There will be drastic changes not only in the facility but also staff/management changes which will be complete by 2010. I will not even consider staying there before that date!We were so happy to leave!	
Jul 21 2007	Tropicana NOT a 3-Star Rating	Booked package through Expedia; when we checked in at the Tropicana, were given a choice to upgrade as we were booked in the &quot;older&quot; part of the hotel; declined upgrade and the accommodations were AWFUL! The room was dirty; vents very dusty and dirty; bathroom sink dripped constantly and the room was infested with mosquitoes. NEVER AGAIN; would NOT recommend.	
Jul 19 2007	Stayed here but probably would have choosen something else	So, come one down to Las Wages (oh, I mean Vegas) to check out one of the last old school hotels. I went with my hubby to have fun for a few days, but did little at the hotel. We slept, played lucky 20, slots and walked alot from the Trop to all the newer and fancier hotels, We also used the bus(the Duece) the double decker to go to other places too. It is a great corner. We were also leary about the rough comments others have left, but also like others have said &quot;you get what you paid for&quot;. The elevators were just fine, carpets were dirty, checkin was maybe 30 min but when you walk around to other hotels, it wasn't too bad. We know that the Trop will probably be the next hotel to go,(the Frontier just closed for good after about 62 years, while we were there) and so I feel it was our neat memory to stay at the Trop one last time. I'm sure it won't be too much longer b4 it's gone. (How Sad!!!) Yes It's old smokier then other hotels, but just think who came through those doors back in it's Hayday. So look at it this way, stay one last time and if you get the far tower(island tower, I think) maybe you will get the fun old rooms with the mirrors on the ceiling and walls(just laugh and have fun). After all you are in Vegas aren't you. Don't take your stay too seriously. Oh, one more quick thing, the escalator to the Island Tower is broke and is being repaired, I hope you have your good walking shoes because that escalator or others that either go up or down don't all work down in the strip and you will have to get use to it!	
Jul 19 2007 	Fair but outdated	I would agree with many of the reviews - the Tropicana is not one of the glitzier places in LV and is outdated but you do get what you pay for. Being rookies to Vegas and winding down a 3-city trip, we booked Tropicana. Its location is right on the strip and its amenities such as the pool and fitness centre are fair but it can't compare to the other hotels on the strip. For travellers on a budget and who don't want to be in the same resort for their stay, its not a bad place to stay.	
Jul 15 2007 	Another great week at the Trop	Stayed at the Trop for the second time in four years and once again came away thinking that we could not have made a better choice for the money.If you are going to stay there, you have to understand and accept that it is an older hotel. Once you have gotten over that not everything has been updated in the last three years then you should enjoy the outstanding pool, great location, smallish casino and friendly staff.If you can, go for the Paradise Tower. It is more expensive than the alternatives, but it gives a strip view and the rooms are very spacious. The TV is small, and the air conditioning could have been a little stronger, but other than that the room was wonderful.While all casinos in Vegas are smokey - if you can't handle at least a little smoke you will be miserable at all times in Vegas - the Trop seems a little moreso than most around the bars. The good news is that dining in Vegas is generally smoke-free.The location allows you to get to the MGM, NY/NY, Luxor and Monte Carlo quickly. If you can handle the heat, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Bill's Gamblin Hall and Flamingo are about 15 minutes down the strip by foot. The north strip is pretty vacant these days anyway.The dining is good enough, but there are so many alternatives right across the street that you won't go hungry.Would definitely return - especially for the pool if it is in the summer and as hot as it was this week.	
Jul 10 2007 	Bad Choice - Dirty	Hotel is very old. Air Conditioning could not keep up in room. Room was dirty. Some pools are closed. Bedding had holes and stains. Staff not much help. Standard response from staff was &quot;it is a 50 year hotel&quot; Charges to use room safe. Charges to use internet. I will not stay again.	
Jul 5 2007 	Not bad at all	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Tropicana for 2 nights this past weekend, and thought it was more than decent. After reading a lot of reviews on here (the majority of them being negative), I had a lot of doubts, but it suited us just fine. I'm sure the factor that attracts most people to the Tropicana is the price, and that's exactly why we stayed there. What do you expect for $49.95 a night? You can't compare an older hotel like this to the Bellagio, or Venetian. Some of the people that posted reviews on here about Tropicana complained about the cleanliness and decor of the room, but I found both those things exceeded the expectations I had in the room we were given. (Granted, mirrors on the ceiling aren't the classiest touch, but we couldn't stop laughing about them). The only thing that was irritating was the wait in line to check in (almost 30 mins). But the pool was nice, and the casino was fine. We didn't eat at the buffet there, so I can't really say how that was. But overall, if you're a fan of this side of the strip, and are looking for a cheap stay, then this is the place. Otherwise, don't come to Vegas if you're planning on staying in your room the whole time.	
Jul 3 2007 	One word describes the Trop "Dilapidated!"	Had a last minute visit to Vegas and had not been in a while (3-4 yrs) have sometimes stayed at the Tropicanna before and always had a pleasant time but.......that was a long time ago, since it was last minute most decent hotels were booked or so pricey it wasnt worth the trip at all so I opted for what I thought was a good old standby, think again the place is a wreck old...showing its age, falling apart the room was shabby and not chic! and we were in the front tower which is the best of the two and if they ever want to put you in the garden rooms just be advised they are original the first rooms at this Hotel.... from the Rat Pack days! I would never waste my time here again, it was a place to sleep but so noisy from the street who could sleep!! oh and we actually said to management how lovely it used to be and what a dissappointment it was which was tretaed with NO apology just a shrug, and a standard we are recently acquired and under &quot;new management&quot; well they have their work cut out for them and one more warning take lots of hand sanitizer! I am no germ phobe but everything in the place felt as if it needed a good scrubbing YUK....! Just be aware it has a certain charm and alot of nostalgia But this old gems days are long over the shine is gone forever!	
Jul 1 2007 	Needs upgrading but good location and clean rooms	We stayed at The Tropicana for just two nights and it was okay but not great. Upon arrival, it was difficult to find reception, and I was frustrated at having to drag my heavy suitcases up two short flights of stairs and get them through the heavy glass doors. Then on our way to the elevators, we had to go through a huge group of people singing karoake and dancing. It was uncomfortable.The room was clean and air conditioned, and we appreciated the in-room safe to put our valuables. The bed was very hard and I had a terrible sleep both nights. The door sometimes just didn't close, and our sink was plugged, but the very nice housekeeper had it fixed for us right away, so that was good.We stayed on a Saturday night and the price was ridiculous, but Sunday night was a reasonable $50 or so. The hotel is dated and needs a lot of upgrades, but it's in a good location to other more expensive hotels and casinos on the strip (we didn't even have a drink at The Tropicana). I doubt I would stay here again, as on our way home after a 10-day roadtrip, we stayed at the Sahara for $43 and it was better all around.	
Jun 30 2007 	The next one to be torn down...	Let me preface this review by saying that we were in a comp room...That said, the hotel looks like it's in bad shape, and I predict it will be the next major property to be torn down. It's location is great - right on the strip, across from New York New York, Excalibur, and MGM. I don't have much nice to say about the hotel though - the halls smelled funny, the carpet is in terrible shape, the elevators are slow, and the ceilings are very low. But - the rooms were big.I predict that this will be down down in the next 10 years to make room for something worth going to. There really isn't much of a chance that the Tropicana can be &quot;revitalized&quot; - there are too many problems, and the structure doesn't lend itself to a successful remodel. Don't waste your time here, unless you can get in free like we did! It is worth staying in, if you can do it for free!	
Jun 29 2007 	OK Under Limited Conditions	I have been to Vegas many times but this stay was prompted by a flight cancellation. I wanted to stay in the least expensive reputable hotel closest to the airport and that turned out to be The Trop.I was using Hotwire so I didn't know which property it was until after I booked or I would probably have chosen a different hotel. The Trop is old but clean. The pool area is lovely and restful. The decor in the rooms is outdated but the rooms are large in the Towers. My check-in also required an extremely long wait even though there were 5 people working the front desk (around 5pm on a weekday). But there were other times when I passed through the lobby and there was no wait at all. The staff was friendly and helpful. My lower rating is primarily because (a) I asked for a nonsmoking room and was placed on a smoking floor, and (b) the 3-star rating (3.5 star rating on Hotwire) is deceiving. This property was a 3-star hotel 30 years ago . . . and it hasn't been updated since. So you feel like you are in a 1-star hotel that's just extremely large.All the hotels allow smoking in the casinos and other places. So, if smoke is problem for you be sure to request a nonsmoking room on a nonsmoking floor. Eat outside of the hotel; the food at the Trop was not terrible but nothing I had in the restaurants tasted fresh or flavorful. Food in Vegas is very competitive and usually great, so you can walk over to any of the other nearby properties and have better meals for the same price or less.If this is your first trip to Vegas I strongly suggest you stay somewhere else because this property will not give you the wow experience you will have at just about any other hotel on the strip. After you walk up and down the Strip and see other properties you will be depressed when you return to the Trop. Another low-budget option that has better food, service and entertainment is the Imperial Garden. Or check the reviews for The Flamingo. Both are in the middle of the busiest part of the Strip and give you more options. Or spend a little more and stay in one of the newer theme hotels.	
Jun 28 2007 	Very Dated	Upon arrival there was a 45 minute que to check in and had to carry the luggage up 2 sets of stairs just to get into reception. The hotel is very dated, there is a 5 minute walk through a very tacky casino to get to the lifts to your rooms. Had a buffet breakfast which was awful, except from the very happy man behind the counter making eggs! Much rather spend another 2 dollars to have the breakfast buffet at the bellagio. The room was fairly clean, but the shower head was hanging out of the wall, one thing that is good, room had amazing view of the strip. Stayed here for 1 night after staying at the Bellagio for 3 nights, maybe this is why the hotel looked so bad, or maybe its because it is bad! Much better hotels on the strip then this, stay here if your on a budget and wont be in the hotel for anything else then sleep.	
Jun 27 2007	Stay Away from the Parking Lot view rooms	My wife and I stayed at the Tropicana for two nights in the middle part of June. Normally, we would not have thought to stay here but last year when we stayed at the Mandalay Bay, while walking around, my wife and I were enticed to join the Tropicana Winner's Club by a couple of free magic show tickets. Since then we have received promotional materials from time to time with low room rates at the Tropicana . The two nights cost $39 and $49 with an additional $5 &quot;resort&quot; fee and taxes. The Tropicana opened in the late 1950s and it seemed that our room in the 4000 wing must have been part of the original structure. For a 50+ year old building it wasn't in bad shape but it was definitely more like a roadside motel than a &quot;resort&quot;. The rooms were clean enough but not spic-n-span clean. The grout on the tile in the bathroom was black and moldy underneath the sink and the carpets were well worn. The towels too were clean enough but not super clean and had no plushness at all. As far as the service, the physical state of the facilities is also indicative of the staff attitude during our stay, we probably came across at least twenty different employees of the hotel, but only one offered a smile or a greeting. This should be covered in basic training for hospitality but don't expect it here.The biggest issue we had though was on our first night, right below our window facing the parking lot a car alarm went off at around 2:30 am. We called the front desk and were told they were working on it. The alarm continued to sound until finally at 4:30 am, we gave up on trying to sleep and had our room changed. We were upgraded without cost to the much newer, cleaner, and quieter Paradise Tower. Also, we asked for and received free meals at the breakfast buffet. The upgraded room and free meal was nice but I question how hard the management worked to get the car alarm turned off. According to the management, they can't have the car towed, can't break in and unhook the car battery, they can't call the license bureau and find out who the owner of the car is and find out what room the owner is in, they can't put a big sound absorbing tarp on the car, they can't go door to door and ask each guest what kind of car they have. What can the management do? I guess all they can do is change rooms for the guests who complain. Some good things about the hotel, although the pool closes at 7:00 pm, it is large and has a couple of waterfalls to swim under. There were plenty of chairs and the waitress could be counted on to come by every so often to get us drinks. The exercise room was included in the &quot;resort&quot; fee. It was nice with five pieces of aerobic equipment, free weights, and several strength training machines. Also, there was access to a sauna. The location of the hotel is also very good. It was easy to walk across to the MGM Grand or to catch the tram to head further up the strip. An all day tram ticket cost $8. Overall, considering how much we spent, the value was good. Despite some problems, we would probably stay again but only if we can get a courtyard view and not the parking lot.	
Jun 26 2007 	Implode Me Please!	The Tropicana &quot;resort&quot; is 50 this year and is showing her age, not in a good way. In the &quot;get what you pay for&quot; category this hotel is cheap and it shows in the rooms. Although staff are friendly and the front desk hands out unsolicited upgrades, my stay in a Garden Tower room June, 2007 was less than impressive. There was a massive stain on the carpet, the tub finish was peeling, the bed was hard like rock and the &quot;air&quot; coming out of the AC unit smelled of stale cigarette smoke even though the entire floor was designated &quot;non-smoking&quot;. Being a non-smoker I had to shut off the AC so I could sleep. Not to mention the tower was quite a hike from the front door. No coffee maker in the room means you have to get dressed and go down to the main floor Java Java stand (if it's open). If that's not open you have to walk all the way to the main hotel where there is another Java Java stand. This is 2007 people, why no in-room coffeemaker? The Trop has location on its side, being across from 3 other major resort/casinos. There is also a bus stop right outside where you can catch the fabulous Deuce. If you are on a tight budget and don't mind what annoyed me, by all means stay at Tropicana. Once was enough for me.	
Jun 22 2007 	Great Location - Dated Hotel	Stayed here for 5 days. The location is amazing – right on the strip opposite the MGM, Fantasy Island and another but the hotel it’s self is very dated and has not be refurbished in the last 15 years I’d say – apparently they are knocking it down to rebuild it hence why no refurb.The rooms were a good size and on the higher floors the views were amazing	
Jun 21 2007 	good if you want to save money	We decided to stay at the Tropicana this time around to save money. It is a good deal if you are wanting a cheap trip. It was fine for the time being, but I wouldn't stay there again. They really need to do some renos or rebuild a new hotel. We upgraded to an Island Tower because they were apparently recently renovated but I just don't see it. I felt comfortable enough but there were a few weird things. The carpets were stained, and there were weird stains on the box spring on both sides. Looked like blood. I actually wanted to phone front desk to ask if someone was murdered in our room, but forgot because I was having too much fun in Vegas. The bed was quite comfortable, I had some good sleeps. The pool was alright. It was voted one of the best in Vegas, but it was very dirty. Also people threw their ciggarette butts everywhere and pool maintenence never cleaned this up. Over all I had a good time in Vegas like usual, and we were not in our rooms very much so it was not like I was thinking about my room all the time, or angry about it. I was expecting a not so wonderful room and it did live up to my expectations. Casino was decent, never ate the food there. We were in the line up for the buffet, but left because we were ignored. Tip: Go to New York New York to eat. This hotel has a lot of little cafes, or pizza by the slice. The mexican restaurant has the biggest burritos that you will ever see. Il Fornaio is a wonderful italian restaurant and we went there 3 times for breakfast and once for dinner and it was great all 4 times. Their little pastry shop is wonderful too!	
Jun 20 2007	Cheap...yes. Worth the savings...no.	There is really only 2 reason to think about staying at the tropicana...location and price. The tropicana is in a nice spot on the strip with easy access to a number of other hotels (MGM, NYNY, Excalibur, etc.) and has the lowest rates for the area (~$50 on a weeknight).That being said, that is about all there is to like about the tropicana. On our 6 day trip we decided to stay a 3 nights somewhere nicer on the north strip (The Mirage) and then 2 nights to save money at the Tropicana on the south strip.Upon arriving at the Topicana after 3 days at the Mirage, our initial impression was negative. After leaving the car with the valet we moved to the bell desk (in case we couldnt check in yet), which at the time had too many bags and therefore had bags sitting on the sidewalk at the hotel entrance. This is not exactly my idea of a secure area to store our bags.Next was an attempt #1 to check-in. It was 2:00 and there were people sitting all over the lobby waiting for their party to get through the checkin line. After a few minutes it became obvious why. The checkin desk only had 3 people working and the line was moving at a crawl pace. The line was so long and not moving at all that we decided to walk our bags with the man at the bell desk by hand into the back room to store our bags.We returned for check-in attempt #2 at ~4:30 and were very unhappy to see the SAME SIZE LINE. Since we had to get into our room and wanted to get to the pool we waited in the line for an hour before being helped. I used the $20 trick and got an upgrade to the paradise tower rooms.The room itself wasn't bad for the price we paid and we had a strip view which was pretty nice.Our next stop was the pool which a lot of reviews talked up as being great. I definately have to disagree here. Was the pool a decent size? Yes. Was the pool enjoyable? No. Basically it felt like being at a trashy spring-break pool with guys smoking cigars in the pool, ashes floating by, dirty water, etc. Also, the towels at the pool are more like hand towels and even 2 of them didnt cover the out-of-date chairs. The swim-up blackjack is in a covered area at the side of the pool and the whole blackjack/bar area felt dirty.We also tested out the Garden Cafe for breakfast one morning and it again was below par even for the low prices. The service was unpleasant, style old, and food was below average.Overall, if deciding whether to stay at the Trop or to spend $50 more to stay somewhere a little nicer (which there are a number of hotels), I would definately say take the extra cost and save yourself the dissapointment.	
Jun 15 2007 	Not that bad	Before we went to Vegas I was skeptical about our arrangements because of the reviews I read. I travel often and it's not that I lower my expectations but you get what you pay for. We paid $60 during the week and the rate jumped to $139 which still wasn't bad. I really don't have a complaint. Yes, the decor could have been a little more updated but it wasn't bad. Check in was quick and customer service was good. Room service was speedy as well. I would stay there again. Also, we don't spend very much time in our rooms, therefore it was good enough for us.	
Jun 14 2007 	It was worth $50 a night.	We booked through expedia and thought everything was prepaid. They made us pay a surprise &quot;resort fee&quot; of $5.45 per night. That kind of bugged me but they made up for it by upgrading us from the garden room to the island tower room. The room was kind of clean and pretty old. No frills, just a basic hotel room. The mirrors on the wall and ceiling above the bed were tacky though. The beds were hard.We checked in around 5:00 p.m. and only had to wait a couple of minutes. The front desk agent said the later you check in the more likely you are to get a better room. He also said that they do allow early check-ins if rooms are available, but that those people get the worst views most of the time.The pool was pretty good. I was expecting a little more after reading reviews on cheapovegas.com, but it was still fun. I usually stay at the Orleans and this pool is better. It was deeper so it stayed cool during the hot summer months. They play music outside in the pool area which is a little loud but overall the pool was pretty good.The service was good and I got my $50.00 a night out of the hotel.	
Jun 11 2007 	Run down hotel good location	We visit Las Vegas every year and make it a point to stay at a new hotel each time. The Tropicana was advertising great rates and the location is good, so we decided to give it a try. I was able to get the rate reduced twice prior to arrival, first to match an Expedia rate and again the day before check-in to match their own e-mail rates. This is one of the most inexpensive hotels on the strip.Check-in took a while but the clerk was very friendly and accommodating. We got a room in Island Tower, which is better than the Garden rooms but not as nice as the Paradise Tower. On the other hand, the Island Tower is the closest to the pool. The room was a decent size, but run down. The furniture was very worn, and the bathroom was in desperate need of remodeling. The toilet never stopped running during our 5 night stay. There were mirrors above and beside the bed.The pool is very nice, but not adequately maintained. There was stuff floating in the pool every day. One day there was disgusting scum floating on the adult pool. I hate to think what it was. The pool area itself is quite nice.The only food we sampled was the deli, which was OK. The buffet was recently rated one of the 10 worst in Las Vegas, so we stayed away. With the great selection of restaurants in Vegas, there is no need to settle. The casino was OK but nothing special. They have discontinued the acrobat acts that used to perform in the casino from time to time. That is a shame since it really added to some to an otherwise bland casino.We got comped to the Folies Bergere, a classic Vegas show. It was OK for the price (free). The Comedy Stop is a real gem. $20 per person including a drink, and $5 coupons are readily available. We go there every year and have never been disappointed. Great talent and a cozy room make for the best bargain in town.The Tropicana is not a place for someone on their first trip to Vegas. but for an experienced traveler looking for cheap digs in a good location this is not a bad place.	
Jun 9 2007 	Older means more charm	We were a bit sceptical booking this hotel after some of the reviews - we decided to take a gamble, and I'm glad that we did. First - the line at check in was not very long and moved extremely quickly. Upon check in, we inquired about upgrading our room to the Paradise Tower they did so graciously. Our room had a magnificent view of the strip - it was clean - the air worked and the bed was very comfortable - all of this in a room that was pretty large. Our housekeeping service was terrific - our room was always clean and neat. We felt the staff at the hotel was friendly and accomodating, and everyone we met offered their assistance. We ate at the deli a couple of times for lunch - delicious and inexpensive for Vegas. The pool was perfect. The adults only pool was smaller and more intimate, and much quieter than the regular pool - the swim up black jack was fun. Yes the hotel/casino is old - but that's what gives it its charm. Some of the other hotels are so big that it's hard to get a seat at a table or a chair by the pool - we sat with the same people everyday by the pool - it was great. The hotel is in a perfect location as well, it's right across the street from a monorail stop and close to the airport. We would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Jun 4 2007	Great location and good hotel!	Obvisouly this isnt one of the new luxury hotels on the strip but with a very very low nightly rate, you wold have to be very ignorant to expect such accomodations.The rooms have more of a motel feel to them. Thats not a bad thing, its exactly what I expected after the price I paid.One of the best locations on the strip, and still very close to the airport.WOULD DEFINATELY STAY AGAIN!!!!!!	
Jun 4 2007 	Horrible Hotel	The Tropicana could possibly be the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. After waiting in line forever to check in, we went up to our room to find that the air was broken. How could somebody get our room ready and not realize it was 100 degrees in there? So we went downstairs to tell somebody and were given attitude because we came down instead of calling from the room. After waiting an hour, nobody showed up. We had been traveling all morning and we were ready to take showers and take a nap before going out for the night, so by this point we were really frustrated. We called and said we were waiting around for somebody to show up and were told that we didn't have to wait in the room, we could leave. I said, well actually, we want to sleep and take showers so don't tell me what I can and can't do in a room I paid for. By this point I was livid. If you are going to tell somebody that they can't check in to a room until 3, that room better be ready at 3. Now it's after 5, still no air, no showers no naps. We had been up since midnight traveling from Florida and exhausted. Finally, somebody came and it ended up needing a completely new motor. We sat in the room while a maintenance worker tore apart the bathroom fixing it. We were never once offered to be moved, in fact when we asked, we were told there was no vacancy. Give me a break. After it was fixed, I went into the bathroom and it was a disaster. Dust and dirt everywhere, I called housekeeping and they said they would send somebody up. At this point it was too late to take a nap or shower, so we left for the night, only to return after 9 to find the bathroom still a mess. We had to clean it ourselves. The rooms and halls smelled horrible and the hotel just seemed dirty all together. The staff was not helpful and flat out rude. I would never stay here again and wouldn't recommend it.	
Jun 4 2007 	You get what you pay for!	This hotel, although inexpensive, is old and dingy. The bathroom was dingy, outdated and had a shower curtain that didn't even fit the tub! There are mirrors on the ceiling above the bed, a bonus if you're into that. The pool was rated as one of the best which was hard to believe because it was dirty and old. Everything about this hotel was 1950's, I thought I was in an old movie. The one positive was that the service and the staff were AWESOME! Lots of fun, friendly people especially on the gaming floor. Cheap place to gamble too, lots of $3-$5 Blackjack tables and $0.50 roulette. We sawthe magic show which was awful or hilarious depending on how many cocktails you've had. It was really cheasy. We didn't eat there or order room service so I cannot attest to that but the maids were great. Room was as clean as it could be without a remodel, and we always had fresh towels.	
May 30 2007 	love it	Stayed here. Yes an older hotel but how much are you in the rooms. Friendly staff and wonderful pool area. Wouldnt stay again just because I stay somewhere different every time I go. Comparable to Flamingo/Ballys.	
May 29 2007 	Great Comps	I originally booked a garden room with a pool view. Unfortunately my view was mostly of a parking lot and a pool that was on the outside of the hotel and not overlooking the main pool. I requested a room change as I did not feel this &quot;view&quot; was worth the added expense and was given a tower room in the older tower. The room was very nice however I did like the decor of the garden room better as it was brighter and more relaxed. The decor in the tower was more formal. Amenities were pretty much what they implied. The beds were adequate. The pool area was very nice and the pool was reasonably warm in early May even though it is not heated. The best part of our stay at the Tropicana were the comps offered from the Players Club. For approximately $100 of play, we got 2 free show tickets for the magic show and 2 free show tickets for the Follies, along with a free T-shirt. We had registered as players at 8 different casinos and these were the very best comps we found. Put that together with a nice room at a reasonable price and we decided that the Tropicana was a real bargain for us.	
May 29 2007	great!!!	we stayed at the tropicana for the first time, this year and they had upgraded us ( without extra charge) to a great 1 bedroom suite overlooking the strip. it was a great place to stay for the money, i highly recommend it.	
May 24 2007 	My laptop was stolen	My laptop was stolen in the room I stayed in.... BEWARE.. I called the Police but no luck ... this is a very bad hotel.. beware	
May 24 2007 	Stay away from this place!!!	The only good, was the steak house. The Folies show was alright.The pathetic condition of the room was a shocker however! The drapes had the biggest moth eaten holes... yes, &quot;moths&quot;, that I'd ever seen! Stay away from this place if you want to enjoy Vegas! The manager was kind enough to refund some of the charge, after I complained about the room, which was some consolation.	
May 23 2007	Top 11 reasons not to stay here	Here's a small list of why this place sucks....1. It smells like a nursing home, seriously.2. The sports book is the size of a closet with 4 mini tvs.3. The odds of seeing a cute girl here are the same as seeing Frank sinatra come back to life and play blackjack with you.4. The only restaurant open late is like Denny's if Denny's was more expensive with worse food.5. The ceilings in the bathrooms are a little over 6 feet with showers designed for leprechauns.6. The atmosphere in the casino hovers between funeral parlor and prison camp.7. The pool closes at 6. Serously....6.8. When asked if the front desk could deliver toiletries, the response was no, we dont do that.9. The TV in the room was apparently from 1979 and was the only tv that could make the sports book tvs look big.10. I'm 6'2 and 200 lbs. and I look better than the waitresses in this casino, although I'm sure they looked good in 1961 serving Sammy Davis.11. Really, a nursing home stench! I could list more but seriously, pick somewhere else.	
May 23 2007	Ok nothing great nothing bad	This is an older property with a great pool. Inconvenient intersection if you are walking-have to take cat walks.Rooms are older looking as is the casino. But one of the few places on the strip you can still find $5 black jack tables...lol.Overall, one can find better for price if you look hard enough.	
May 18 2007 	Room fine not impressed with Casino	We stayed at the Tropicana in Las Vegas the week of May 12. Of all the casinos on the strip, I have to say this one disappointed me the most. It's in terrible need of a facelift. Carpets are torn, things are dingy, the available restaurants were not that great. The only 24 hour place was a huge disappointment. We did like our room fine. It was large, although it didn't sport the coffee maker and fridge that &quot;comes with all standard rooms.&quot; I'm not sure what they considered our room, but we didn't get the perks. The bed was not bad, I slept well, and the curtains were good and kept out the light. Housekeeping did an excellent job.I would stay here again if I was going to do exactly what I ended up doing- using it as a crash pad and entertaining ourselves anywhere else. If I wanted to stay somewhere on the strip and never leave the hotel, I'd probably pick the MGM, Venetian or Bellagio. Those were pretty nice.	
May 18 2007	Disappointed	My son and I stayed at the Tropicana because of the rate and its location. I thought we were booking a decent or even good hotel but the Trop was mediocre at best. We stayed in the Paradise Tower which is supposed to be the nicest part of the property. The noticably bored and indifferent clerk gave us a smoking room instead of the nonsmoking room we booked. The room itself was adequate but far belowthe standards found at places such as MGM Grand, Paris, etc. Like other reviewers, I was amazed by the brazeness of the hookers. One was so persistent that I had to tell her to stop bothering me. Ithought about complaining to management but the working girls were so numerous that it was obvious that the hotel condoned their presence. In fact, the whole feeling one gets at the Tropicana is that you are only there to be separated from your money, not to be treated as a respected patron. This was my first (and last) stay at the Trop and it was sad to see a hotel with such a proud tradition that has fallen so far.The casino was unimpressive and I didn't even try the restaurants because I was afraid they too would suffer from poor customer service. On the plus side, the pool was decent and the Java/Java shopoffers good coffee, pastry and bagels.	
May 18 2007 	Mixed bag at the Trop	hubby and I stayed 2 night at the Trop, we have stayed there before in the Garden room and Island tower. While I will never ever stay in the Garden rooms again, i thought the Island tower was okay.. this time the Island tower was dirty and someone was in our room while we were gone (not housekeeping). The chairs and sofa were both dirty (bodily fluids on the chair). The bathroom was clean and a good size. After we left one night someone had gotten in the room and rummaged though our things. My tooth brush was moved to on top on the toilet and other things were not where we had left them... I don't think anything was taken (if it was I apparently didn't need it). We informed the front desk and Manager Nicole moved us to the Paradise tower, it was very clean, large and I was happy (the only problem with this room was low water pressure in the shower). I recommend to anyone staying there to pay for the upgrade to the Paradise Tower, It is the newest and the nicest. For dining we liked the garden Cafe, good food at a cheap price! The pool is awesome!! I think it's the best thing the Trop has to offer, it's a lagoon style, with waterfalls, palm trees and an island.	
May 16 2007 	The good the bad and the ugly	Beware of this hotel... The good:- location- price- pool (the only reason I give 2 stars)The bad:- understaffed- huge check in lines- bad buffet food- old decor- elevator with broken glass- wall paper falling apart in many places (rooms, hallways, etc...)- cigarrett butts all over the place, including the pool grounds.The ugly:don't be surprised to get approached by hookers. They are everywhere inside the hotel..On our way to our rooms we got approached by this group of 4 girls looking for someone who wanted to have a &quot;good time&quot;..They hang out there (by the kiosks) all night waiting for a buyer...When we complained to management they were unresponsive, and even got an attitude..There is no security to be found to complain. We stayed there for 2 nights and we saw it happening both nights... Nothing against working girls but this was a bit too much for us. It was so obvious and &quot;on your face&quot; that it makes me believe that security is in on it.	
May 16 2007 	Start Again!!	After I had booked to stay at the Tropicana I logged onto this site to check it out. Well the reveiws were a little mixed to say the least and tried to ignore the bad as they were many!We checked in on the Sunday to the longest queue Ive ever seen just what we needed after a 10 hour flight! We eventually got to our room after a host of disgusting smells along the way. Our initial response to the room was adequate if a little grubby and certainly wasnt the room shown on the website, although when we did complain we were given the explanation that it was down to availability, which is fair enough, but they kindly gave us a room change for the next day.After all that traveling the bathroom was badly needed and discovered a used flannel and a rather chewed up piece of chewing gum on the floor, it was at this point we realised all the bad reveiws on this site were justified. The staff at the front desk apologised half heartedly as they seemed rather bored and gave the impression they would rather be anywhere except there!The pool area was on the face of it quite lovely but if you looked closer beer cans, litter and cigarette ends where lurking everywhere. The new room we were moved to was just as grubby but had a little balcony which was quite nice, from this balcony we could see an emply cardboard tray with beer cans in that did not move for the whole week we were there.Im not a picky person as I usually holiday in the Greek Islands so Im kinda used to basic accomodation but this was just down right dirty. Theres lots of contruction going on in Vegas at the moment -PLEASE SOMEBODY KNOCK THE TROPICANA DOWN AND START AGAIN!!!!!	
May 10 2007 	Cheap. Satisfactory.	Understand this: this is a cheap hotel on the strip. I paid $45 a night for a weekday. I stayed in the cheapest part - the Garden Rooms. I only used the room for sleep and shower.I have no complaints. What do you expect for the cheap rate?Everything was satisfactory.	
May 7 2007 	Below a Zero	Do yourself a favor, don't even think about staying at this despicable place. Sleep under a bridge in a cardboard box or just stay up all night at a decent casino and nap at the machines if you have to! This place is the worst dump ever - we stayed in the &quot;garden&quot; rooms - horrible, moldy, filthy, disgusting dump. The carpets were slimy, the bathroom fixtures falling down around you. Couldn't sleep due to the feeling that things were walking around with me under the covers - I'm talking multi-legged things!!! The wait to check-in to this nightmare of a place was about 2 hours (we had reservations). The best thing that could happen to this place is a bulldozer. Pay the few extra dollars you are trying to save by staying here and get yourself a decent room. I wouldn't wish the Tropicana on my worst enemy.	
May 3 2007 	tropicana not bad of a place to stay in las vegas	My wife and I decided to take a trip to las vegas. After being in vegas three other times before and staying at Luxor, Excalibur, and Treasure Island, we decided to stay cheap this time around and spend most of our money on the entertainment, food, and casino. Since we figured out that we never even go to our rooms only to sleep.  Let's start with check-in. It did take about an hour or so, because they only had two workers checking in about a hundred people. It's not that they were rude in checking us in earlier, because the reps were pretty nice. My advise for guest of Tropicana in the future would be to check in after about six' o 'clock p.m. there were no lines and about six reps. It's so wierd why during the busy times they would only have two reps, then for the non busy times they have a ton of reps. The food at this hotel is horrible, even the expensive steak restaraunt was awful. Tasted like they haven't cleaned the stoves for the sixty years that they've been open. Put it like this the Mcdonald's in the Excalibur was better than the trop's food. We stayed in the old garden rooms and were pretty amazed how clean and well shape the rooms have stayed in after sixty years of being open 24/7. Don't get it twisted though they aren't as new and nicer as the other hotels, but for us gamblers that are there for entertainment and fun it really didn't matter to us. They were average rooms with a nice balcony facing MGM Grand. One great feature about tropicana and probably the only good feature was there beautiful pool and garden area. It was so nice I fell asleep in the pool. (Not a good idea either) It fell like being in a pond in the middle of the forest, it was very peacefull to get away from all of the excitement in the casinos. Finally, the casino was not worth playing they're like the only casino's that still have those machines that when you cash out they actually give you four hundred nickels that you have to have like three big cups to pick them up in.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel for first time visitors that need a good experience to keep you guys entertained, but the visitors that are on a three thousand dollar budget and want to spend that same three thousand trying to get lucky in the casino rather than going to the Bellagio and Spending three thousand dollars for the hotel room and having two hundred dollars to gamble with just doesn't make sense to me. Look if you not a high roller please don't try and act like you are and stay at the Wynn, becasuse you will look cool, because you won't when your walking las vegas BLVD thinking of ways to get money while people like me will pay one hundred dollars for a room and be in the casino all day having fun. By the way when I say high roller I don't mean that high manager at the grocery store I mean the man that owns that grocery store. You may think that two hundred thousand dollar a year salary is high roller, but in vegas there's people blowing half a million dollars in less than two hours.	
Apr 26 2007 	It's old...But at least it's on the Strip	I just recently stayed at the Tropicana in Las Vegas for a business conference. Here is what I thought about the Trop.Service:I found that the service was pretty good. Everyone from the staff at the restaraunts, the dealers, gift shops, and maid staff were very friendly. We gambled a little bit at the Trop and all of the dealers were always friendly and the cocktail service was friendly also. It wasn’t as bad as people were saying I thought.Check in:The check in lines were extremely long! They had about three staff members checking guests in but the line lasted about 20 minutes long. As we were walking around other hotels along the strip at similar times when we checked in, I thought that other hotels were better staffed to help guests check in.Rooms: I stayed in the Paradise Tower which was the tower in the front of the hotel/casino. This tower which I have heard from other tripadvisors was the better of the two. The rooms were ok. Each hallway appeared to have different wallpaper and furniture. I stayed on the 21st floor which was nice and gave us a great view. I know that you don’t go to vegas for the view but it always helps. It was a better view that one of my colleagues had of McCarran Airport. In the room contained the following:TV and night stand which had limited space for clothing. (I just lived out of my garment bag for the week.) It had an alarm clock, small empty fridge to store drinks in, not 1 but 2 safes which I thought was odd (which you had to insert your credit card in and pay to use them which was a first for me!) A small closet, iron and ironing board, and shower toiletries such as shampoo, conditioner, and soap. There was also a table with two chairs and on demand movies through the television set. The beds were clean and surprisingly comfortable. The decor in the Paradise Tower (at least on our floor) was old victorian. The bathroom was clean but can tell had not been updated in quite some time. There was no mold, bugs, or anything like that in my room but looked like a bathroom that you would find at someone’s grandmother’s house. I went and visited colleagues who stayed in the Island Tower and saw the famous mirrors on the ceiling. Put it this way, three weeks after the trip, those mirrors are still a running joke amongst us! Casino:The casino was spacious and nice. It was not a casino where you would get lost in unlike some others on the strip but had your basic games to choose from. It also had a variety of different types of slots and other video poker games to choose from. There was a very big area of penny and nickle machines so if that is up your alley, a stop by the Trop wouldnt be bad. The table limits were very manageable and at night, there was a good amount of people at the tables. The casino is right next to the front entrance and elevators to the paradise tower so it can get a bit crowded. The dealers were very nice and the cocktail waitresses were nice also with surprisingly quick service. Also, the bars located in the casino were very liberal if you had coupons for free drinks. If coupons were valid at one bar, you could use them at the other bar. They were very accomodating about this. There is also a poker room and sports book but I did not visit them during this trip.Entertainment:We went and saw the Comedy Show and Folies Bergie at the Tropicana. For $20 bucks, the Comedy Stop at the Trop was well worth it. The show lasted about 1 ½ hours and included a free premium drink. There were three acts and one I remember seeing on Comedy Central. It was well worth it. Arrive early for a good seat. Folies Bergie was your classic Vegas Show. There are not too many shows left like this but me and my group enjoyed it. There are two different shows. The early show is the family show and is not topless while the later show is topless and for adults only. Also, the showgirls can be seen walking around the casino floor during the day. They are very friendly. If you plan on seeing the show, try to find discount coupons as you can get two for one tickets. ($75 for two people is not bad!)Dining:The dining at the Tropicana is ok. It was nothing spectacular. We ate mostly outside the hotel while we stayed at the Trop. The two places that we did eat were at Mizunos Japanese Steakhouse and The Garden Café. The Garden Café is open 24 hours and serves your basic light fare. It is reasonably priced but nothing to go out of your way for. It is more of a convenience eatery. Miuzuno’s is your typical hibachi steakhouse. As the food may be pricey, I was surprised by the portions. Usually when you go to a hibachi restaraunt, the portions are small. At Mizuno’s, the plate was full of food and I was stuffed. $$$$ though.All in all, the best thing about the Trop is the location. It is on the corner next to MGM, NY NY, Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay. We spent most of our time in the Excalibur and NY NY. The Trop is old and I heard that they are suppose to renovate again. It’s not like filthy dirty but just old. It’s not brathtaking like walking into the MGM, Luxor, Bellago, TI, etc. If your on a budget, then this is the hotel for you. Even though people say you don’t spend a lot of time in your room, you usually spend a lot of time in the hotel you are staying in though. Even though I had a great time with the people I was with, I would stay somewhere else.	
Apr 26 2007 	My home away from home	I recently stayed at the Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas on April 3rd and 4th, 2007. I have stayed there several times. It is one of my favorite Vegas hotels. I like their tropical ambiance. As usual, there were no real problems with my stay there. The staff is always courteous and friendly. The Tropicana is one of the original hotels in Vegas, but their rooms are still nice and comfortable. The Trop still has one of the nicest pool areas in town. It is nicely landscaped, with waterfalls and lagoons, and palm trees. They claim to have the only swim-up blackjack table in town. Their wedding chapel is also located in the pool area, which is rather nice. The 24-hr coffee shop has views of the pool area. It is a very pleasant atmosphere in which to have breakfast, lunch, or dinner. The Trop has some fine restaurants on site. The new Legends steakhouse is intimate and has excellent food. The Trop has one of the most attractive casinos in town with stained-glass canopies over the table games (but who ever notices the decor while gambling). However, the rest of the casino looks just like any other for the most part. Best of all about the Tropicana is its location. It's right on the corner with some of the biggest mega-resorts in town, the MGM Grand, New York New York, Excalibur, Luxor, and also close is Mandalay Bay. All are within easy walking distance by way of escalator and walkways. Another good thing about the Trop is that the rates are usually more reasonable than other hotels (around $59.00 per night). The Tropicana may soon be destined to be either renovated or most likely demolished to make way for something new, as it is being considered to soon be under new ownership. Until then, the Trop will continue to be my &quot;home away from home&quot;.	
Apr 25 2007 	Horrible stay at the Tropicana Resort and Hotel	For a weekend getaway to Las Vegas with some college roommates, we booked our room at the Tropicana through hotels.com based, in part, on a 3-star rating. The hotel itself is old, dirty, dingy, smoky - with a number of unhappy / unfriendly / unhelpful employees who work there (not all were like that, but there were quite a few!).Our room was decorated in vintage 1970s Florida-themed furniture, drapes and spreads that appeared not to have been updated or cleaned in the 3 decades since they were new. There were really bad stains on the sad excuse for a couch. Thecarpet was filthy. The beds were small, the mattresses were lumpy and uncomfortable, and the sheets, pillows andblankets were old and worn. This is not what we expected for a room costing more than $200 per night. We have stayed at newer/nicer motels for $75 a night. We thought the room was bad, until we saw the bathroom; remarkably it was even worse than the rest of the room: broken light fixture. Wallpaper hanging off the walls. Mold and mildew stains. Broken flush handle. The hinges around the toilet seat were filthy. Chipped formica countertop. Crusty plumbing features. Towels that were thin, coarse, and stained. Seriously - we didn't know whether to laugh or cry. The indoor pool and spa were similarly lacking in luxury, charm, taste or comfort. When we went to use the hot tub, we found both a smoker and a child in diapers enjoying it..... After seeing our room and accepting our fate, we did appreciate the (expired, but still accepted) coupon for a free cocktail at the &quot;Lucky&quot; bar. Our drinks were served in cheap plastic cups, and when we asked for salted rims on our margaritas, the bartender depressed us even more by telling us about his high blood pressure problems!! Beyond the features and amenities, the most appalling thingabout our room was the &quot;smokiness&quot; of our alleged non-smoking room - they put a wing of &quot;no smoking&quot; rooms right down the hall from the casino - and didn't enforce the smoking ban in the non-smoking areas of the hotel (there clearly were people smoking in some of the rooms that we passed by to get to our room). During the night, we all woke up coughing and had to place towels against the door to try to keep the smoke from coming in. We spent our entire weekend with congestion, eye irritation and sore throats from the smoke exposure in our &quot;no smoking room&quot;. Last but not least was the front desk staff, some of whom seemed to have the &quot;like it or leave it&quot; attitude. We tried to change rooms Saturday morning after a miserable night Friday. The front desk told us they would get us another room by 1 pm. We waited around until 1 pm (taking time away from sightseeing). At 1pm, they told us to call back in 45 minutes. Then at 1:45 they said 3. Having already wasted the better part of the day, we went out for a few hours. When we returned to thehotel, we were very rudely told that they had released our room and we were out of luck. We tried to speak with the manager on duty on our way out Saturday evening, and she told us that she couldn't do anything or give us any credit against the bill because we had booked through hotels.com. Although the experience has since provided us with some laughter after-the-fact, it's actually hard to believe that this is what travelers who book a non-smoking room in a 3-star hotel for $225/night have to face - and seem to have no recourse; not even an apology. We e-mailed them via their website and never received a response. We didn't expect a room at the Ritz, but certainly didn't expect this!My advice: given the lack of care with which they maintain the hotel, I would strongly suggest staying elsewhere if you're visiting Las Vegas.	
Apr 25 2007	Great for the price	Tropicana is great especially for the price. My boyfriend and I spent 4 nites there the first week in July. Our flight was cancelled at the airport and they had no trouble letting us check in late and get an extra night stay. I just clled and told them the issue. The pool is very nice. Our room was nice with mirrors on 2 walls and the ceiling around the bed! We had a rental car to drive to the Hoover Dam and th Grand Canyon, but you could walk the strip easily.	
Apr 24 2007	okay room great location	We stayed in the Tropicana for one night. First let me say the location of the Tropicana is very convenient. We just used the walkways to the MGM, Luxor, Exacalibur and Mandalay Bay. We stayed in the Tower. This hotel could use a lot of remodeling. The lobby and casino all need to be refreshed. The room while clean was definately showing its age. For one night it was fine and we spent most of the time in the other casinos.	
Apr 19 2007 	Great for the price!!!	Stayed in Vegas for 7 nights and had the Tropicana as our base. There were 3 of us and we paid £190 each for our whole trip. In the room there were two double beds and a sofa bed that pulled out to create another double bed! Even though there were in total three double beds in our room there was still so much space around. Granted, this hotel is dated and could do with some refurbishment in comparison with the newer hotels on the strip but for the price it was perfect.The Hotel itself is on a crossroads with New York New York, MGM Grand &amp; Excalibur so the location is fine. The swimming pool in the hotel, I think, is the largest pool anywhere on earth - and it is impressive, however as we were there in November the outdoor part of the pool was closed which was annoying, especially for us sun loving Brits who think 70 degrees is hot enough to take it all off and sun bathe whereas all the Vegas residents thought it was freezing!If you are looking for a cheap hotel that is centrally located then this is the one for you - no problems with it at all and I beleive we stayed in the cheapest rooms as well.Another great thing if you are on a budget is the Tropicana Casino. I didn't find minimum bet $5 blackjack tables anywhere else on the strip and that is fantastic if like me you have never really gambled before! One night we stayed up gambling from 11:00pm until 6:00am and we won loads of money and it was great! Beginners luck or the croupiers helping out far too much - the latter I think.	
Apr 13 2007 	HOTWIRE This is NOT a 3 STAR Hotel	Hotwire should once again visit this property. If 3 stars means chipped bathtubs, torn sheets, dim rooms, and organics on the carpet and bedspread, well I guess I will be looking elsewhere to book a hotel. The only good thing was the front desk staff that found us a better room in the south tower after a horrible night in the 3000 wing	
Apr 9 2007	Prolly will try something else next time	So i have been to Vegas twice and stayed at the Trop both times. First things first, when you go to Vegas, especially the first time, you should stay on the Strip. That being said, the Trop is usually the cheapest option and the rooms usually arent bad. Second time i went we were in the Garden rooms instead of the tower which was a little disappointing. The best thing about the Trop is the pool. Its big, its nice and a fun time to drink and swim. Finally, next time i go to Vegas, i will prolly shell out the extra cash to stay at a new place. Not that the Trop isnt fun and cheap, just time to try something new.G Man	
Apr 3 2007 	Wow - Never Again	My brother and I stayed at the Trop every year for 6 straight years. It is the smelliest and non-friendly place you want to stay. We gamble a lot and still never got comps for it. We would easily drop about 2-4 grand a stay. Never a free room or some dinner. Talked to many pit bosses or hotel people. You need to gamble more. So this is what we thought you had to do. Then we stayed at GVR, Flamingo, and Harrah’s properties and got free rooms, shows, dinner, etc. (They treated us like high rollers - even when we weren't) There was one hallway that smelled like urine for the whole week we were there. (And we had to use it because of our room was on that floor.) Service slow and casino people just seemed like they hated you being there. Any time we had a roll of the dice in our favor they would tell us to change our throw or they would ask us to leave. It was the worst. If anyone for the Trop reads this FIRE everyone in charge and start over. The PR is terrible.	
Mar 29 2007 	Tear this place down	What a run down hotel. We first had a Garden room but immediately requested a different room. The quality of a garden room is not better than the Days Inn. Dirty, very smelly, a wet washcloth on the bathroom floor, dark. Had to pay for an upgrade. The Paradise Tower was better, but still dated. The TV is too small for the room.The bedspread creeped me out. The cushions on the chairs/couches are stained. Never ate here, so can't comment on that. If you can, stay elsewhere.	
Mar 26 2007 	Enjoyed the Tropicana	This was my first time at the Tropicana. We usually stay at NYNY or LV Hilton when in Vegas. I read some of the reviews and thought I would give the Tropicana a chance. I must say that I enjoyed my 3 days there. Check in (at 8PM) was a breeze. My room was upgraded from a garden room to the Paradise tower. The room was clean and larger than I expected. The bathroom was roomy and clean. My only complaint of the room would be the bed. It seemed a bit lumpy and the pillows were harder than I normally like. The room came with an in-room safe and refrigerator. As someone else commented, the TV screen was small compared to other area hotels, but then who goes to Vegas to watch TV. I enjoyed gambling at the Tropicana. All the dealers I dealt with were very friendly and helpful. I checked out on Saturday morning around 8:30 and there were no lines. I would have no problems coming back to the Tropicana.	
Mar 21 2007 	much better than last time	The only reason why I stayed at the Trop was because I was given a free room and tickets to see Joan Jett. The last time I stayed there the room was worse than Motel 6. We were given a room in the Paradise tower. I wasn't expecting much. I was totally surprised by the room appearance and comfort. Although I only spent maybe a total of three hours in it over the two days there ? So, if your going to stay there ask for a room in the Paradise tower. As for the Casino floor, it’s my favorite place to gamble, low table minimums, rapid drink service, friendly dealers, and most importantly no wanbe balers (okay only a few).	
Mar 19 2007 	Great hotel!!!	The Tropicana was great!!!! We stayed in the Paradise Tower and had a great view of the strip. The room was very clean with a king size bed and refrigerator. Since our normal hotel was being imploded (Stardust) I had to choose another one and this was it. I have stayed at some of the other bigger hotels and found that the Tropicana had everything they had including great personnel. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 16 2007 	Loved the trop	I stayed at the trop and it was excelletn better than I was waiting for, my room was perfect (islad tower), very clean and confortable, the service was also great, and the buffet omg.... I really enjoyed my stay there, and it has a great location.....	
Mar 11 2007	DISGUSTING--FECAL	This is the worse strip hotel I have ever stayed in...Filthy rooms...thin walls...threadbare furnishings...topped off by haughty and indifferent service.I would never dream of staying here again.	
Mar 8 2007	Great Value	Just got back from staying at the Tropicana, thought it was great.Yes it is an older hotel , and seen better days in areas. But overall we found it a great place to stay. The room (tower) was clean and bed was great and we had a wonderful view of the strip. the restaurants were great. found the service to be excellent in fact. We had Bfast every morning at the Garden Cafe, and had sandwhichs from the Players snack bar--they were great. We found all staff Very friendly , very helpful from the moment we arrived. We never had any problems, with our room , or smells or staff--would stay again at the Tropicana because we like the location as well. Its an easy walk to MGM or EXCalibur, or New York-for a change of scenery.Great Value in this hotel. no complaints.	
Mar 6 2007	Classic Vegas! Great stay	The Tropicana is what you imagine classic vegas to be. Its full of vegas charm and has a great strip location. I suppose it depends on what you want your trip to be...if you are looking for a super upscale, brand new monster hotel, then this isn't it. But if you want a great experience with neon lights, showgirls, affordable tables and close to the action, then this is the perfect place at a good price. The island rooms were surprisingly spacious, although they could have been a bit cleaner. I loved the feel of this hotel, and we can't wait to go back!	
Mar 4 2007 	Cheaper Older hotel. RESORT FEE????	I have stayed at Excalibur the last few years, but I had one night in LV so I thought I'd try Tropicana. This hotel is looking old, in garden area the one elevator is very slow, and you need to walk endless halls. Rooms are okay very basic so for a sleepover on the strip it is not bad. What is with these hidden fees hotels add on like enrgy surcharge, or in this case a resort fee. It was March who usues the pool??? The parking is said to be complimentary, but at check inn is part of &quot;resort fee&quot;. Heh just quote me the total fee and quit fooling around, I don't care about the $5, just the way you screw with me.	
Mar 3 2007 	The way Vegas was meant to be!!	My two young children and I had a wonderful stay at the Tropicana, Feb 26/27, 2007. I had been researching this trip and was a little put off by all the negative reviews so I decided to avoid the Garden level rooms and spend a little extra to book the island Tower. The price differential is not huge, and the room was perfectly nice and clean. It was admittedly not updated as far as decor but then again, that was not important to us. The windows opened for fresh air, which meant far more than updated furnishings in a newer hotel with windows that don't open! Bathroom was clean and spacious, beds comfortable. Besides I loved the 1970s tropical/wicker ambience. I love the whole 1970s Love Boat atmosphere - you almost expect to see Captain Stubing appear! If you don't care for it, then you probably won't be happy here. The Island Tower rooms either offer a view of the Strip, towards NYNY and MGM, or of the airport with the mountains in the background. I seriously enjoy this about Vegas, waking up to the view of mountains in the morning. We went down to Java Java to get coffee for me and juice/bagels for the kids, took it back to our rooms where the kids watched their favorite TV shows and I gazed at the mountains. Then we explored the Trop's lushly landscaped grounds and I really felt that this was &quot;The way Vegas was meant to be!&quot; We spent the afternoon at the pool and hot tub, which was very relaxing. The abundance of shops and dining options meant that we did not have to leave the entire day, which might sound odd for a Vegas trip but made for a very relaxing getaway. The historian in me could visualize the glamour of times past, of movie and TV stars long dead who might have enjoyed this property in their heydey, and it gave me a sense of possibility and connectednessthat I have not felt in some time. Admittedly not in 20 or so years! I have stayed in more &quot;modern&quot; properties and was less than charmed by their higher price tags for sleeker design but less character. It's all in what you are looking for. For me, yes, this was a truly wonderful stay, and I have a definite favorite hotel in LV for future trips.	
Feb 28 2007 	Won't go back	Stayed with friends weekend of 2/23/07. I had stayed before a couple years ago and thought it was rundown, but perfectly acceptable for the price. As long as a hotel is clean-ish I can deal with it. This trip was not good. The bathroom was dirty - hair on floor. We had a room with a small balcony and there was a glass with soda (?) on one of the chairs, filled with cigarette butts for the entire weekend. The hallway to our room was smelly and dirty. Our neighbor's door had crushed crackers in front of it for the entire weekend. Our thermostat did not work and at one point was 80 degrees in the room. When I called down to the front desk to complain/have it fixed, no one answered. My friend kept turning the unmarked fan switch until she got it to turn off the heat. The fan/light in the bathroom is connected and the fan is for noisemaking purposes only as the bathroom was always filled with steam. The hotel staff I spoke to were actually pretty nice -- esp. the front desk and bartenders and black jack dealers. But in the lounge act bar the &quot;waitress&quot; would only bus the tables, not take drink orders, then rush over to flirt with the bartender. Next time will stay at the Flamingo for an extra 20 or 30/night.	
Feb 27 2007	Great for young couples on a budget!	After reading some of the bad reviews on here, I was nervous to stay here....Don't listen to them! If you are a budget traveler, this hotel is great. However, I don't reccommend this hotel for people used to &quot;fancy&quot; hotels, or those who mind a short walk. If you want to stay at the Bellagio, don't stay here and also, don't stay in the Garden Rooms-they look tacky. Great location, it has walkways to Excalibur (which has a tram to Luxor and Mandalay Bay) and MGM, and it is right across from NYNY. Just got back from a long weekend at the Tropicana. I'm 25 and went with my boyfriend, we are on a budget and would much rather splurge our money on shows, gambling, and drinking than a fancy hotel room. We were able to check in at 12:30, the line looked long, but moved fast (besides, you wait in lines everywhere in vegas). We stayed in the Island Tower (we had a great view of the New York New York), and we had a nice, clean, quiet, comfortable room with a nice-sized bathroom and the two of us could fit in the tub. The non-smoking room did not smell like smoke, the bed was comfy and had bamboo-lined mirrors above the bed and on the wall near the bed-as a young couple, we loved it and it is not as tacky as it sounds. The Island Tower is a short walk from the casino, but it's nothing compared to the walking done in Vegas. Sure, the casino was smokey...but NEWSFLASH-Every casino is smoky. We didn't try the buffet, but we did try the one at MGM and it was okay, the buffet at Treasure Island was outstanding.Tips:See a Cirque Du Soleil show-Mystere was awesome.Take the Duece Bus up and down the strip, $5 for 24 hour pass.Visit the Ellis Island Casino and restaurant.-Our cheapest meal by far and we each won big in the casino!	
Feb 26 2007	seen much worse. right price !	Stayed for 3 nights from Feb 10-13. My first night was in the &quot;garden area&quot;. NOW how is that nobody has mentioned that the GARDEN area has no AIR CONDITIONING in the winter months! We had to leave the patio door open to keep cool but the outside noise kept us awake.So if you like it cool stay away from the garden area in the winter.We were then moved to the Island town very avg. room no complaints.The all the time $5.00 black jack is a bonus for this hotel.The island buffet is not bad. But they do not offer toast for breakfast.the check in staff was very friendly and helpfull. If you are going to vegas and Tropicana hotel tell the taxi driver not to take the tunnell and to take Tropicana blvd.I arrived 5 hrs. before my grandfather and it cost me $11.00. It cost my grandfather $22.00.	
Feb 23 2007	Cheap price = cheaper room	The tropicana hotel &amp; casino in las vegas is very old...and it definately shows in both the rooms and rest of casino/hotel areas... The rate was VERY cheap so we decided to try it out because we wanted to stay at that end of the strip and you really arent in your room that much after all.... Our room was kinda dirty... Dirty windows (inside &amp; out), the bathroom floor had hair on it, the shower was filthy and after we had them clean it and we used it for the first time, the drain was clogged... The ceiling in the bathroom dripped from time to time in one area (i guess from the room above us)... We complained and got a free night out of them... If your looking for a &quot;NICE&quot; room dont stay here... They need to renovate or just demolish and start over.	
Feb 22 2007 	Never Again for the Tropicana	We had stayed there one night last year and kept getting offers so we decided to take them up on one. We stayed in Mid February for 3 nights. I will not be back.The room was spacious but worn down.The carpet was stained and thread bare, the grout and flooring in the shower/toilet area was discolored with rust? Mold? The AC was not very efficient, the Refrigerator did not cool at all, one of the bathroom sinks was missing the part that lifts the plug, the brass (?) was not shiney it was discolored and dull, the TV's were little for such a large room, there was very little &quot;Drawer&quot; space, the bamboo was pretty tacky and uncomfortable, the vent in the toilet room was on the same switch as the light so it sounded like a 747 in the room with you and it smelled of stale smoke even though I requested Non Smoking. The wal to the Island Tower was very long and it was a scary walk late in the wee hours of the morning. The Good: It was large, had a nice view and it had a jacuzzi (The jacuzzi was nice but you had to be a monkey to climb in and out of it).The mirrors were bordering on creepy...they were everywhere.This property needs a face lift in the worst way.**If you care about this sort of thing the dealers were rude and unprofessional..I only stayed with some because I was winning**	
Feb 21 2007	Never again. What a dump!	Stayed at the Trop during the CES show due to the fact that most of Las Vegas was sold out already. All I can say about the Tropicana is: What a dump! The bathroom was not only kinda dirty if you are over 5 ft 5 in tall you are sure to hit your head on the showerhead…repeatedly. The rest of the room was very, very tired. On the plus side the size of the room was nice. Another negative is the hallway to get there was smelly and beat up. There was a small news stand selling soda and water on the first floor next to the elevator which was nice. The check-in person wasn’t really helpful and the check out person was worse. Got dinged for $11 per day for some sort of resort fee (pools, gym etc.) which is a total rip off and should be illegal to run such a scam. Unless you currently live, or vacation in a cave and are used to dirty substandardliving conditions steer clear of the Tropicana.	
Feb 20 2007 	There's a reason this place is priced so low...	This place stinks -- literally. We had two &quot;garden area&quot; rooms (aka ground level, near the rear exits). In order to walk to our rooms, we had to travel down endless, twisting hallways and corridors, some of which smelled like raw sewage. The hallways and rooms also had a mildew / stale cigarettes smell to them. The carpet was thin and cheap. The bedspreads/comforters were thin and cheap. The towels were thin and cheap. You get the picture...On the plus side, you're right in the middle of the &quot;Strip&quot; (aka Las Vegas Blvd.), and for a decent price. You can walk or take a cab to anywhere you need to be.	
Feb 2 2007	We were disgusted and will never return.	I booked two rooms for three nights at the Tropicana where we stayed for my daughter's 21st birthday. I last stayed at the Tropicana in 1999 and I had some good memories. However, the hotel has very much gone downhill since, along with some questionable practices. The first thing that happened is that the cost of the first nights for each room was deducted from my debit card at online reservation time, wihtout notice. Never seen this before.The rooms were dated, the shower did not work, there was no shampoo/soap or conditioner on arrival night, and very few towels. The HVAC system was loud and barely functioned. (This is for the Paradise Tower, supposedly the best). The bed was so hard that we barely slept, got up with back and neck pain on day 2, which nearly ruined the rest of the trip. We tried to play the slots for a while and eventually became nauseous from the heat and a lack of ventilation combined with heavy smoke and rancid smell. My daughter waited over two hours for a complimentary soda. On night three, we asked customer service if we could borrow two glasses to finish our bottle of champagne (had to finish before flying back, could not pack bottle) and were told that would cost us $6.00 + $4.00 delivery fee -- even if my husband went downstairs to get it. Now this is to BORROW the glasses! Same with borrowing a corkscrew ($5.75). This is a place where we had spent in excess of $800 between 2 rooms, gaming, bars, valet etc. Again, never seen this before. We were completely disgusted and will never return, probably not even after the place is &quot;renovated.&quot;	
Jan 28 2007	Well Worth It If You Know What To Ask For	First of all, the Tropicana is in an excellent location on the Strip. It's right beside the MGM and within seconds of the Luxor and Excalibur. Lets face it that's right in the heart of things. Now for the rooms, the regular rooms in my opinion are dirty and shabby and I would avoid booking. I would however recommend the rooms in the Towers. I have stayed in both and the Tower rooms are bigger, cleaner, more secure and quieter.Also the benefit of being up high is the view. I found the casino to be quite good and there was always somewhere to eat day or night. At one stage I also was sure that there was more free drinks on the game floor than most other Casino's. This may have changed though. You will get cheap rates in this hotel if you shop around and if you get a tower room I'm sure you will be happy.	
Jan 16 2007 	No problem with the Tropicana	I just returned from a week's stay at the Tropicana. I went there to attend the Consumer Electronics Show. That show was expected to draw almost 150,000 people. Needless to say, the town was nearly sold out and room prices reflected it. After reading a number of reviews on this site, I decided to stay in the Paradise Tower portion of the resort.. Most of the complaints about rooms tended to come from those who stayed in the Garden Area of the hotel. These are the cheapest rooms (by about $30) and also the oldest, as they are part of the original resort. Their room rates were quite modest by comparison to most other hotels.The room I was given was a bit dated but was surprisingly large, clean, well supplied and everything was in working order including ample hot water. The room was quiet, bed comfortable and the ventilation system worked just great. I was on the 16th floor and had a great view of the Strip. Check in was efficient and the staff was pleasant. I never experienced problems with staff anywhere in the hotel. In fact, I and my business partner had a number of meals at the Garden Cafe and the waitress we had for breakfast each day always seemd to find some way to tease and joke with us. I had read on this site that the Tropicana was going to close after Jan. 1, '07 and be torn completely down and something else put up in its place. I thought that would be a shame, as I've always found the Trop. to be a good value for the money charged and a pleasant place to stay.I talked to several staff while I was there and it seems that the above description was the original plan. However, the original development company has sold out to another development comnay and the current plans call for them to tear down the original, 3 story (Garden Area) section of the hotel while keeping the exiasting towers and casino in operation. They will then build three new towers and, when they finish, the Tropicana will be a 10,000 room hotel, the largest hotel in Vegas! It is likely that the hotel portion will be operated by Marriott or Westin and those two chains are the ones that the new development company works with most often.So, for those who found the Tropicana to be such a terrible experience - give it a few years and try again. You may find a whole new Tropicana to like!!	
