Jul 10 2009 	NEVER EVER AGAIN EVEN FOR FREE	We arrived after having made reservations the day before, expecting the usual good experience with Motel 6.The temps were about 113 degrees and we had our family pet with us.Upon entering the room, it was probably no less than 100 degrees inside so the first thing of course is turn on the A/c then go to dinner leaving the animal in the room.Upon our return we discovered the a/c not working and the poor dog looking like she was going to dieTwo rooms later and three a/c units later we finally had cold air after 9:30 pm.Having to awaken at 4 a/m to go to the airport, it was a very long nite indeed.I would rather sleep in my car than at that motel 6 EVER.	
Mar 19 2008	Motel 6 - Las Vegas/I-15	If you are considering staying at the Motel 6 in Las Vegas at 1-15 and Dean Martin Drive then please re-consider. It doesn't matter what the price is because you don't want to stay there. It is one of the older locations and it has not been updated that I could tell. The beds in my room looked like bath tubs. The room smelled really bad. The comfortor was extremely dirty and the blanket had holes in it. The sheets were so thin that you could see the mattress thru it. When I checked in they asked for an ID from anyone staying in the room because &quot;Metro PD&quot; comes by to pick them up each day. That can't be a good sign. Did I mention how bad the room smelled? Anyhow, if you are looking to save a buck and want to stay at a Motel 6 in Las Vegas then the Motel 6 on Tropicana is a much better place to stay and is not far from this location.	
Feb 23 2008 	A True Test of Nerves	The funny thing was that I was trying to reserve a room at the Hampton Inn. But because of my indecisiveness the rate at the Hampton Inn more than doubled and so this was the only other option left.I have never seen so much activity in a hotel parking lot. Car stereos blaring hiphop music, people running, people yelling. It was unreal. I thought the only natural thing to happen next was for the cops to arrive.The room was absolutely disgusting. The nonsmoking room reaked of cigarettes. The carpet and the sheets were soiled. Towels were not white but rather had a tint of yellow or light brown. There were cigarette burns on the pillowcase and along the edges of the bathroom sink. It was hard to sleep with all the bass booming through the paper thin walls.Take it from me. Please don't stay here. You'll be glad you didn't.	
Sep 26 2005	It does exactly what it says on the tin	I was picked up at the airport by my concerned looking boyfriend to be told that having checked into our Motel 6 accomodation we had chosen for our weekend of fun, even he - a ex-army, camper real man dude- thought that Motel 6 was leaning toward the less glitzy side of Vegas. Being a nice smells and real cotton sheets kinda girl I was petrified at his concern. Yet when I arrived, even though the drive up to room 1020 (yes...there are that many) resembled a scene in 8 Mile - I have to say it was all we required for our stay. A Cafe to get breakfast after a long night out (twice)....a powerful shower to clean off the suncream - Air Conditioning - and a bolt on the door. If you want glamour...this isn't it - if you want functional, budget accom. in a prime spot for a weekend visit to Vegas - this will do nicely.	
Apr 12 2004	Old and run down	We pulled into this place b/c we were at the end of vacation and flying out of vegas the following day, and we wanted to get in and out of the room easily. not like most of the other rooms in vegas. it was acceptable for $20-25, not 39 plus tax. they leave you soap, and towel, that's it. my feet did not touch the carpet. i kept slippers on the whole time and i told my husband i wish i had flip flops to wear in the shower. don't stay here if you want anything that comes close to nice	
Feb 23 2004	not the nicest place I'v ever been	We had no choice but to get a smoking room, it was terrible. The room was tiny and the bathroom was dirty. They didn't have any extra pillows. In the morning we had no hot water. Thank goodness we only had to stay there one day.	
