Apr 29 2009 	Surprised at all of the bad reviews.	This place isn't for everybody, but my Husband and I found it to be a comfortable stay for well over a week. It's not right on the Strip, and it's not the lap of luxury, but it's a great place to see the real Vegas -- without being just a tourist. It also feels much more like your own apartment than a hotel, and we personally liked that. It's not a dump; it's just basic.There are not many places in Vegas in this price range, and certainly not any with a kitchen. We love to cook, or at least having the option of heating up some leftovers, so it was great to have a stove/oven/fridge/kitchen sink.The location was almost ideal. We were able to walk to the Orleans (very short walk), which features a free shuttle to the Gold Coast area (you can then walk to the Palms across the street), and another to Bill's Gambling Hall (which is right on the Strip, right across from Caesar's), so you're not trapped off-Strip. It's removed enough from all of the glitz and glam that you can relax, but still have the option of going out.It's also only a few blocks from a grocery store, CVS, and a few other establishments -- not really walking distance, but quite close of a drive.Yes, there are probably hookers living within the complex, and a drug dealer or two, but this is Vegas, what do you expect? These people need to live, just like anyone else. No one gave us any trouble, and most of our neighbors were elderly couples/individuals who actually lived there. The office runs everyone's SS# who is in there -- I'm guessing, as a way to keep felons and any other offenders away. We were out at all times of day and night, and never saw anything too shady going on.Outside our room(K2135 or 2165...whichever was second from the left)'s balcony/walkway area, there was a blooming cherry tree, and it overlooked the pool, and a large rock/fountain-ish garden. It wasn't Caesars or anything, but it was still pretty. Again, it felt more like an apartment complex -- which is fine by me.The place was quite clean, the floor was steam-cleaned before we arrived, and the bathroom/kitchen area showed no grime. The mattress and pillows were comfortable; no trouble there. The A/C worked fine, though in March we did not need it much. There was a laundry facility on-grounds, but we didn't bother to make use of it. There was no cigarette odor in my room, or anything to trigger my very sensitive allergies. I saw no bugs anywhere. The TV had plenty of channels, and worked fine. It could be easily turned to face either the living room or the bedroom.The only bad things were as follows:- The internet was a bit slower than your average high-speed -- annoying, but tolerable. It was certainly better than dial-up.- The couch sucked -- fine for sitting on, but not much else. If you're not there much, or you sit on the bed, instead, it hardly matters.- The office liked to charge extra for more or less everything (they made us pay for extra toilet paper, and only gave us a few towels for a whole week) -- but this is easy to circumvent...just bring your own linens/towels.- A little noisy at some times of the day, if your upstairs neighbors have unruly kids, but what hotel or apartment building is sound-proof?Overall, I'd recommend it to any person or couple who just wants an affordable, clean place to stay with a kitchen and internet. This would be a good place to stay, if you're planning on moving to Vegas, or are between apartments/homes.I hope that my review is helpful.	
Sep 29 2008 	Such a HORRIBLE place!!!	We stayed in room &quot;J 3124&quot; and it was a real mess of a hotel. as one guest pointed out about room 1118J, our door had also been kicked in by police at some point in time. Linen service (an extra $30 per week) means they come drop linens off to you and dont even put them on the bed or clean up the room! For the $380 spent on a weekly rate of $229, this place is a disaster. You can spend about the same and stay at Hooters Hotel and Casino which I have personally found to be a fabulous and much better choice! I witnessed multiple people being taken away by police and the place is full of drug dealers and prostitutes. I talked with people staying for a long-term and they cant wait to GET OUT of this hole. Take my advice... stay off of the west side of Tropicana. Hooters is a GREAT choice. You will truely be surprised at how great it really is. And its right next to the strip and MGM Grand. Cant go wrong, this place sucks.	
Jan 14 2007	Horrible111	What a horror story! We arrived at 11:30 pm in the pouring rain. Guess what? They did not inform us that their office closes at 11:00 on Wednesdays. We went to a neighbouring Budget Suites, they called the Security dept. and the lady on the phone said, &quot;Tell them to come back at 6 AM&quot; Did she want us to sleep on the street? After many phone calls by a friendly staff at the other Budget Suites up the road, we still had no response. Noone would give us the phone number of the property manager. Two hours later, we finally had an answer. Stay at the Budget Suites we were at, and the Wynn Budget Suites would reimburse our money in the morning. The Budget Suites we stayed at was clean, quiet and very friendly, and although five blocks closer to the strip, CHEAPER!! Never ever stay at the Wynn location. They do not give you all the information you need, but charge you for every thing you have...keys, linens, etc.	
Oct 26 2006 	The Tower of London	The medieval castle would have been preferred over this dungeon, we felt trapped because we payed online for two weeks stay based on the photos, but ended up losing money by leaving early because we couldn't stand it any more. People were being arrested while we were at the pool, we heard parents swearing at their children outside, changed our room because of the wet upholstery and covered-up smoke smells, rowdy atmosphere at night , and unlike the Tower of London we did escape alive. The sign upon arriving should have said, &quot;Sorry, we're open&quot;.	
Feb 6 2005 	Absolute Nightmare	This place is a NIGHTMARE. They don't tell you on the phone about all the additional charges - for your key, for linen, for practically everything. The phone didn't work, the TV didn't work, and the place was incredibly noisy and dirty. Do not stay at these places, folks. They are a complete ripoff.	
May 6 2004	What a nightmare	What an absolute nightmare of a place.It's amazing how clean and nice this hole looks on the internet and how it looks when you get there. When we checked in,for a week stay, the office staff was rude and did not know what was going on. We got to our room after a half an hour and walked in to a disgusting pit of a room. The carpet was stained and dirty as was every area of the room. We had our two small children with us and their feet were black after only a few seconds of being on the floor. We went back to the front desk and asked for a refund and the repky was they had a no refund policy. They would only move us into another suite. It took us an hour to find a suite that was still not acceptable. Our kids were cranky and needed to sleep, so we took it. The walls were paper thin and the peole next door had their kids running around with music playing at 11:30 p.m. They would not give us a refund after talking to management the next day so we checked out. Our credit card company, which we charged the weeks stay to, refunded our money back to us.This is an extended stay motel for transients, crooks and low income people. Stay away like the plague.	
Mar 25 2004	Dirty room stained carpet low income housing?	Room 1118 J needs to be condemed. Upon walking through the front door that looks like it had been kicked in at one time, the putrid smell of stale cigarettes hits you in the face. Then you look down to see large white bleach stains on the dark blue carpet in two different spots, and some big dark stain the size of a dinnerplate that is a foot from the bleach stains (couldn't tell if it was blood, or if someone got sick). In the bedroom there is dirt down in the closet door track. We have had $40.00 rooms at Super 8 that were much cleaner than this place. I would like to know if management would put their family in this room. Also, we got cheated out of the $10 &quot;key deposit&quot; never got the money back. Many long term tennants. Security had to roam parking lot. The outside grounds were nice, but it does not make up for the dirty room. I will NOT recommend to any of my friends. We will choose another place to stay the next time.	
Oct 16 2003	look elsewhere.there must be better	walls are very thin. you hear all neighbors all night.too close to train tracks. bed mattress is cheap and very hard.the couch is disgusting, burn holes and afraid to sit on it. when you pay for linen service they are so cheap they only give you 3 bath towels for a whole weak.my clothes were stolen from laundry room and office employees said it is very common and laughed about it. front office cheats you out of your key deposit and corporate office has no answer about it.the good thing is it is close to the orleans hotel. any questions e-mail me lsp26@webtv.net	
Oct 11 2003	2nd vist not so good	I wrote a review about this hotel this past July, I have to say the 2nd time around was not as good. Again, I was in Vegas a few weeks ago with my parents and also an added guest. We again had to check out of our time share and stay at the Budget Suites because our flight left the next day. The hotel grounds are still in good condition yet I cannot say the same for the units. The furnishings were broken and dirty(weak coffe tables, sofas and carpeting with stains, old linen dust on around and under the television). The front office area was okay. The employees were friendly, but very slow and at times seem confused about how the check in process worked, which made a 10 min check in take 30min( we were the only people checking in that morning at that time). We had two units, a one bedroom unit for my parents and a two bedroom for myself and my cousin. We had difficulty getting into our rooms because the keys wouldn't work. We had to wait another 30 min for the maintence guy to come and open the doors for us. Also there are people staying at this hotel for longer durations, and some appear a little shaddy.Some even watching as you walk to your room and leave your room. The saftey of this location is in question. I would not say at this time, that this is a good property to chose for a stay. Management need to pick up the pace and manage properly.	
