Oct 18 2009 	Great value clean - 20 minutes from the strip.	We were pleased with this pet friendly hotel. The AAA rate was $75 and no pet fee, a great value for Vegas with a pup. It was a long way from the strip, 20-25 minutes drive - the nice thing is that the major hotels provide valet parking for a small tip - Caesar's has the easiest access. The room and bedding were clean and comfortable. There is a laundry room available for a small fee. Although close to the highway, we did not find the rooms noisy at all. If traveling through Vegas with our pup again, we would stay here without hesitation.	
Sep 10 2009 	Pet friendly immaculate and reasonable	What a nice surprise after a long drive to find a motel in Las Vegas that is pet friendly (without a fee or deposit), clean and comfortable. The room was large and had everything we could want; microwave, frig, free internet and large desk. Will definitely use this as a stopover point next time we're driving though.	
Jun 15 2009 	Nice place to stay.	I found this hotel online it was in the area we were visiting. The hotel is easy to find and is right off of the highway. Even though it is near the highway the hotel itself is very quiet and well kept. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The pool was nice and quiet. They have a nice breakfast with waffles, yogart, cereal etc... Since we will be frequenting the Las Vegas area in the future we are planning on staying here again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Nice place for a stopover.	We decided to break up our return trip from Utah to Oceanside with a stop in Las Vegas. This place turned out to be a great choice. Despite being right next to the freeway once you were inside the hotel was very quiet. We had a small problem at check in but, Karen at the front desk quickly changed our room.Our dog enjoyed the visit, however I wish other pet owners would respect the fact that hotels don't have to be pet friendly. I was really irritated to see how many dog owners had just left their pets waste to be picked up by someone else. Also if you have a dog that yaps constantly, leave it home - no one and I mean no one wants to hear your dog yap, while you go to breakfast.	
Sep 18 2008	Good stay!	The room was very clean and nice equipped. The king bed room is very spacious and quiet. The location is a little far from the strip. The breakfast is way above average. Overall, it's nice and well worth the money.	
Dec 20 2007	A bit of a drive but worth the trip	Though this hotel is a bit out of the city, if you have transportation and are not obsessed with being downtown, this is a great place. Extremely clean, friendly, pet friendly, parking for a bobtail truck, warm breakfast, and not at all a disappointment. Would recommend and would stay again. Hotel seemed fairly NEW and that tends to be a plus! Area seemed safe, a short drive to restaurants, 25 minutues to the strip, and everything you can imagine in between.	
Nov 27 2007 	It is what it is....	Normally when we stay in the Summerlin area we stay at the Suncoast. Sometimes the Red Rock, if we can get a good price (not often). But this time we were staying over three nights and the Suncoast was full for one of those nights, so we picked the La Quinta Inn. We paid $90+, which I think is a little steep for this type of Las Vegas hotel, jmho...but when you figure in the free continental breakfast for two, it becomes a little more palatible.The continental breakfast itself was pretty good - waffles, fruit, cereal, bagels, and yogurt, which is a nice addition that you don't usually get. The room was also comfortable, clean, and well maintained, although the bed was a little firm for our tastes. The room has free internet, although the first night I found the cable was broken. I informed the front desk and they left a replacement cable in the room. I was able to connect through this, however the speed was so slow that I ended up using my phone card to connect. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful for any of requests.The hotel is in a relatively safe area of town, adjacent to a major hospital...didn't hear any sirens. What I could hear though is US 95. The hotel backs up against this interstate freeway and you can hear the highway noise. Eventually it fades on you and just becomes background noise. The location does make for easy on/off from the local freeway mess. It is a little hard to find, sitting off of the main street. We drove by it several times at night, even after we had checked in.The hotel also has a small pool, and a small 4-person spa. There looks to be a restaurant or two across the street, but we never ventured into them. The large soccer field facility is also just down the street.At $90/night this an okay value, as long as you like to eat breakfast (I seem to remember that they shut it down a little early...9 or 10am?) to bring down your overall expenses.	
Aug 21 2007 	Clean quiet thankfully off the Strip	We were just passing through Vegas on our way to the Grand Canyon, Zion, Bryce, etc. and wanted to stay away from the Strip. (That is--we wanted to stay away from the drunks and the smokers and the noise.)This hotel was clean, exceptionally quiet, and well-maintained. Breakfast was standard but better than many budget inn buffets we've had. (If we wanted a higher end breakfast, we would have gone out and paid for it.) I agree with the others that urge you to rent a car. But this is a good place to stay if you're not into the Vegas Strip casino scene.	
Nov 20 2006 	Quiet and pleasant but FAR from the Strip	I recently spent a weekend in Vegas and stayed here because it was very affordable and I have always had positive experiences staying at La Quinta Inns. The pros: quiet, clean, comfortable, attractive, pleasant, well-maintained and well-decorated rooms, everything is in perfect condition as a result of the recent remodel, had a good night's sleep. The way a hotel should be. For once, thanks to La Quinta, I was actually able to find a hotel room in Nevada that just smelled normal and fresh, instead of smoky or funny. The cons: too far from the Strip, not next to much of anything (so you have to drive a distance to get to a decent restaurant or supermarket, let alone the Strip), and CAT bus service in Summerlin is lousy. Yes, I made the mistake of not renting a car. The result was that it took an hour and a half by bus to get here from the Strip, and nearly two hours to get back to the Strip the next day. If you stay here, be prepared to cough up the cash for taxi fare or a rental car, unless you're driving your own vehicle from L.A. or S.L.C. or you don't mind sitting next to the homeless people on the bus.	
Oct 15 2006	Great spot of the Strip.	Booked this hotel on Priceline for $60/night. We were visiting friends a block away and had no desire to spend much time on the strip. However, you are only a 15-20 minute drive to the Strip so still very convenient and much less hectic.Our room was ready when we arrived and offered the requested non-smoking room, but not the Queen bed requested. LOVED the free parking and FREE high-speed internet. Good TV stations offered. Room was quiet, with no late night drunken arrivals common in the Strip hotels. Bathroom was large, with standard issue scratchy towel (which were replaced daily). Maid service was standard. I found the breakfast fine. Great for a quick snack as you get ready, but don't excpect it to count as a full meal (ie banana and yogurt). Coffee was dishwater. Did not visit the pool, which is open 24 hours a day.Convenient to aiport, Strip, Summerlin and Red Rock Canyon. Also a number of good restaurants close by. Recommend if you want something reasonable off the Strip. We will return.	
May 16 2006	A nice respite from the hustle and bustle of Vegas.	Stayed here for 2 nights (Fri &amp; Sat) in May 2006. Main reason was to escape the high room rates of the strip hotels. It was a pleasant stay, the bedroom was clean and tidy as was the bathroom. The public areas needed attention, for instance the carpet in the lift hadn't seen a vacuum cleaner for days and the carpet around the lobby area needed a vacuum.The continental breakfast which was included in the room rate was poor. The milk tasted sour and you could have broken a tooth on the raisin bran cereal it was so hard, obviously not Kelloggs!! The fresh fruit wasn't very nice either. Coffee tasted like dishwater and the toaster took 15 minutes to toast a slice of bread!! Putting the breakfast experience aside, we enjoyed our stay and would probably stay again some time in the future, but would skip the breakfast in favour of the IHOP down the road!!	
Mar 27 2006	Great service and staff	After numerous hotel stays on business, I found La Qunita in Summerlin Tech an excellent find. If there is no need to be &quot;On the strip&quot; this is the place. Free High Speed Internet, Free Breakfast, Free Parking and excellent service from a very professional staff, make this the place I will always return to.	
Apr 20 2005	Just ok	Nice hotel but the price is a little steep for the rooms. It was clean and modern. Everything worked and really had no problems except for the TV didnt want to let us see a movie. The staff was helpful and nice. It was just a 3 star hotel not a 4 or 5 star and should not be charging 100 plus a night for the rooms. BUT all in all, it was a pleasant stay. (bathtub a little small.)	
Apr 17 2005	Probably wouldn't go back - felt cheated!	Stayed here 2 nights while visiting family in Las Vegas. Booked a &quot;suite&quot; because we have 2 toddlers and like the extra room and the extra sofa bed. I booked our room 2 months before our arrival, when we got to the hotel we were told that there were no suites available, and that the last suite had just been rented out. I asked how this was possible considering that I had reserved a suite 2 months before. I was told that a reservation does not guarantee a room!?!? What? I was then told that we could have two rooms side by side for the suite price, with 2 toddlers this was not an option. The desk clerk then called the woman she had just rented the &quot;last&quot; suite to and asked her if she would move! Are they crazy! The clerk then told me that they had a suite that was empty but wouldn't &quot;open up&quot; until tomorow, if we wanted it we'd have to pay $199 a night (I booked the suite online for $129)! I again asked the desk clerk to explain to me how on earth we did not get the room we reserved and why it was now going to cost us $199 for the room, after arguing for about 20 minutes I gave up took our regular room key and went upstairs. Just as I finished unpacking the bags there is a knock on our door, it's the desk clerk, she said she &quot;found&quot; a suite for us (must have started feeling guilty) and that her manager would just have to be &quot;mad at her&quot;! What?????? I seriously felt like they were trying to get more money out of us, they wouldn't give us the suite for the $129 we reserved it for, but if we wanted to pay $199 we could have it, they are crooks! Needless to say we got the suite for $129 a night. It was small and musty but on such short notice we had no where else to go, the Hampton Inn next door is much nicer, but was completely booked. Breakfast buffet in the morning was nice. Once we arrived home I contacted LaQuinta Corporate and explained to them what had happened to us, our entire stay was refunded, we were mailed 2 free room certificates, and the manager from the Las Vegas La Quinta called us to appologize personally and stated that our next stay at his La Quinta would also be complementary. Hopefully the shady dealings are over, i'm sure corporate will make sure of that !	
Jul 19 2004	Pleasantly Suprised with the La Quinta	We stayed at the La Quinta in Summerlin. The hotel was very well maintained. The breakfast was continental style. I was surprised with the cleanliness of the hotel. I would definitly stay here again. The Hotel is located in a buisness park, and there is a hospital next door. However, there are several places to eat near the hotel.	
Jun 8 2004	Enjoyed our stay.	Stayed here at the beginning of May 2004. It was very good, staff were very helpful and the breakfast was good. Its located in a quiet area near medical centers. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to get away from the Las Vegas strip for the weekend.	
Jan 1 2004	Clean and comfortable	Stayed at this hotel on 12/28-12/29/03.Booked through Expedia.Nonsmoking.When we arrived, desk clerk gave us smoking room. We have 2 small kids. Called desk clerk upon entering the room that smell is so bad,we need another room. He talked for 5 min about how late we booked the reservation,and it's first come first serve,etc... this was Sunday night; hardly any cars in the parking lot. I said, &quot;out of all these rooms, you're telling me that you have no nonsmoking room available?&quot;- He then said to come back downstairs and he will give us one. End of story... squeaky wheel gets the oil i guess. The hotel is very clean otherwise. Big buffet breakfast! laundry room. TV w/ Nintendo for the kids. They loved it! Pizza hut delivers- a big plus for my little ones. I will return as a satisfied customer.	
