Nov 11 2009 	Better off Sleeping in your Car!	This is the most disgusting hotel I have ever been in! Me, My Husband , 2 other family members and their dog just kind of ended up here. After arriving in Las Vegas we were having a very hard time finding a place that accepted dogs so we ended up here. This place was awful! The bathroom was dirty and falling apart and the beds/bedding were extremely cheap. On top of the room being disgusting the place was scary! People were arguing, making tons of noise and shady things were happening in the hallways. The parking lot felt completely dangerous as well. I just can't stress enough just how nasty this place was, everything about it was awful! We ended up checking out and they would not refund our money, they gave us a very small amount back which I believe was for the dogs fee for the night but we still left. Couldn't spend a night in this place!	
Aug 29 2009 	happy	stayed on two occasions and happy with both Oct06 and Oct08 staff friendly and helpful rooms clean and comfortable, breakfast ok , location excellent	
Jul 11 2009 	This motel was a complete dump.	Had to change rooms because our first room (219), the air conditioner didn't blow cool air. The air conditioners are placed in a bad position next to the bathroom and it will take forever to cool the motel room (if you're lucky to get one that works). Rooms smelled funny, contained cheaply made furniture and the mattresses were worn out. None of the pictures that are shown on the travelodge website are accurate. Bathroom looked like it came from the early 80s. Swimming pool looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a couple of months. One look at the elevator would make you not want to take it for fear of it malfunctioning. Wash your hands after touching anything at that motel. Would I recommend this hotel to a friend? Heck no. I wouldn't even recommend it to a rat.	
Mar 16 2009	Handy Cheap and did the Job	We stayed here in Feb 2008 and Feb 2009. Both times we were happy with our stay. Ok, it wasnt Ceasers palace but for the money... awesome.Please ignore all other neg comments on here. You get what you pay for. So, if you want top notch with buffet resturant with brand new carpets,curtains, concierge, complimentry drinks, big bathroom with jacuuzi, plasma tv... book the bellagio or ceasers palace. If you want cheap, clean, free parking, safe and secure, on the strip with a 3min walk to planet hollywood or ticket booths, a stone throw from all casinos, and shows then this is for you! Stacey and friends. From the UK	
Jan 9 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	We live in Page Arizona and lucked into some show tickets on Saturday Morning January 3 for that night. We made the motel reservation by noon. I did my online research and noticed the reviews were about split for this hotel. However it was only minutes from where the show was so we took a chance.When we arrived the desk girl was excellent. Professional and efficient. When we opened the room my exclaimed, &quot;It even smells clean!&quot; To be fair, this is an older property and it is tired, due for a major makeover I hope, but the beds were very comfortable wth clean linens, the water in the shower was HOT. When we needed an ironing board, extra towels and even a bottle of water, the desk staff came through with a smile.The breakfast was limited but the coffee was HOT and the juice COLD. There were bagles and cereal.My only comment has to do with the walls being thin. Some people were talking outside the room at five in the morning and we heard every word. We were on the second floor.Also, my wife and I have stayed in hotels from Hawaii to Florida and even some swanky resorts and we have never had the desk call just to see if we were pleased with the room. This place did. I was very impressed!We plan to return to Vegas when we can spend a few days and this place will be first on our list to check for availability.	
Oct 2 2008 	great location	I have stayed at this property now 2 times. Great friendly staff, and a clean hotel. It is dated, but they just changed the room wall paper to a texture but did not change anything else. Great location for the strip. Cannot get anything better at this price. If you need convinence of location and no frills this is the place.	
Jun 22 2008 	Not even worth the cheap price	Yes you will be in the middle of the strip, with that comes the dirt and filth of the strip. We were give room 109 and upon entry to the room the odor of urine was overwhelming. We immediately asked for another room, which they provided. This room wasn't much better -the sheets appeared to be slept on by the previous occupant - hopefully they just ball up the sheets after they are laundered and then put them back on the bed - but you are really taking your chances staying here!We were traveling on motorcycles and with the location of this hotel and the lack of any sense of security (people from the strip just wondering through the parking lot) we worried about our bikes all night. Also, the people on the upper floor smoke on the walkway so we didn't know if we would find burn holes from flicked cigarettes or worse yet puke on our bike. Huge Ick - find another place - this flop house needs to be torn down.	
May 21 2008 	Great location loved the price!	We had family come in from LA to Vegas and found this small property right in the middle of all the big casinos (who knew?)The staff there is very helpful and always making sure your stay is as comfortable as possible. We got 2 rooms with connecting doors for a price much much cheaper than the big places. The rooms were very clean and comfortable the beds could be updated but yet they were good and I was just very content on how clean they maintained the rooms.	
Mar 24 2008 	its okay	okay so the only thing really great about this place is the location, I mean , it was my first time in vegas so I wasnt sure where would be a good place to stay . in my search for a decent priced room thi one popped up &amp; I imeddiately booked had I really searched I probably could have stayed at a 2star hotel for the same price like Luxore or excalibur. Not really much to say bout this place it was clean good location in middle of the strip &amp; close by to rite aid &amp; fatburger..&amp; thts all i have to say bout that..	
Dec 8 2007 	Great place for the budget minded	I am a poker player. I hit many tourneys while staying at this motel. When I am in my room, I am asleep. That is what this place is for. If you want to stay at fancy hotels and be pampered, fine. This is a no frills place...and it is perfect for me. Keeps me close to the the places I need to get to, but doesn't charge me 9,000 dollars for my 12 day stay like the Wynn wanted to. I stayed here for 12 days, flight and all cost me 1153 bucks. 'Nuff said.	
Sep 25 2007 	Very surprised :)	This is not terrible like other reviews suggest! Great location, next to the Harley Davidson Cafe. You can catch the Duece bus with in 1/4 mile either side to get around the strip. The room was clean and service was good. There are rooms that face an alley way, but it gives good access to the strip. It's nice to stay at a place where you just walk to your room without having to walk across the entire establishment! If you're coming to Las Vegas and want good, affordable lodging, without all the frills, this is a great spot!	
Sep 9 2007 	Arrived at 1:00 am and got a room	I arrived at the Travelodge at 1:00 am, after a reservation mix-up at the Riviera. The room price was less than $100. It was a pretty standard american motel, with air conditioning and two double beds, a working television and not much else. There is free parking outside. I stayed the following night at the Riviera (same price, booked on priceline), which was not really much better. The travelodge is pretty dated and run-down. I would expect it to be imploded, along with the Riviera and Circus-Circus in the not distant future, so don't expect to see any improvements, as the flashier casino hotels continue to migrate up the strip toward downtown.	
Sep 6 2007 	Unwanted guest	I and a friend stayed here in May for one night only. It was disgusting and shabby, we couldn't even use the shower. We had to be moved from the ground floor to the second floor due to a nasty surprise - a huge cockroach! When I complained, she said there was no-one around to help, but did move us without any problem. Definately the worst place I've ever stayed in in my 6th time travelling round America.	
Jul 2 2007 	Pass it up not worth the cheap price!!	I stayed one night in this hotel. My room door faced the afformentioned alley, so it was hidden from anyone seeing it. There was a door for the adjoining room, it was locked, but there was a big gapping crack and you could plainly see the deadbolt. If someone in the other room opened their door, they could see right into my bathroom.The a/c window unit made soooo much noise I had to shut it off. It was old and probably just ready to die.I checked the bed before I got into it...I also went out for a walk to check out the sites of LV, and when I came back to my room, my drapes had been moved from the way I left them. Plus my &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign was missing from my door.I kept the tv and bathroom light on all night, and I sure didn't sleep. I should have asked for another room, or just told them I wasn't staying and gone someplace else, the only reason I didn't, was my flight was in a few hours and I was already exhausted when I got there. The front desk person was very nice though. But all in all, the hotel was awful....actually looked like a place where they would rent the rooms by the hour....	
Jul 1 2007 	Terrible - don't go there	Everything on their website seemed ok, pool, near attractions (Circus Circus) - and not too expensive, with 5 persons we booked 2 rooms. The aircondition was extremely noisy, and in one of the rooms didn't work at all. The door to one of the bathrooms one could close, it was fungus in the shower, and when flushing down one of the toilets you &quot;washed your feet&quot; at the same time. When coming for their promised breakfast at 9, the lady told me I was too late. Their breakfast was between 6 and 8. Having breakfast before 8 at a Saturday in Las Vegas?? Being at their frontdesk I also realized that I would get a much better prize calling than using their website. They also had people renovating the neighbouring rooms very late in the evening. No - use the neigbouring hotels like Sahara or Circus Circus.	
May 23 2007 	Let the bed bugs bite for a price ?	Our room door faced an alley and block wall. My wife felt insecure and upon request the front desk happily moved us to a more secure location.The mattress was well past the point of needing to be replaced. I received a nasty bite on the arm. I assume it was a bed bug but of course I have no way of knowing exactly what it was or were it happened. I just know I awoke with it at the travelodge.I suspect that bed bugs do not discriminate between low end and high end hotels. However I think that the newer the room the less likely an infestation exsits.The location is mid strip within walking distance to the major hotels. This I liked. I also liked the price.	
May 12 2007 	you get what you pay for...	After being screwed over by the Happi Inn (we should have known), we were a week away from departure to Vegas with nowhere to stay! Of course we were coming for the NASCAR race and so every hotel was packed and expensive. We ended up here for two of the seven nights we stayed and weren't completely dissapointed, nor impressed. After staying at the Tuscany Suites for three days, this hotel had a great location in comparison, but it was also right in an alley in a shady area. I wouldnt necessarily reccommend it on NASCAR weekend because we were forced to pay nearly $130 for the shabbiest rooms in Vegas. VERY VERY basic rooms as you would expect, but who could predict a nest of birds living ON your air conditioning unit tweeting away at all hours? Not me. The amenities were few and far between, uncomfortable beds, very small TV, hardly any bathroom supplies, a door that seemed not to close completely. But at least we had a roof over our head. If you dont care about quality and are on a tight budget then this is for you.	
Apr 30 2007 	Not what I expected from a Travelodge	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. When we walked into the room, the wall paper was peeling off the wall, the beds were probably 20 years old as when you sat on them, you would sink to the bottom.Bathroom was old and looed like it has a concrete floor. Carpet was stained.Our free breakfast was between 6-8 AM and consisted of a muffin and coffee or tea.I highly recommend paying the extra ew dollars and staying somewhere else.	
Apr 23 2007 	Not as bad as some of the reviews say!	This hotel is pretty decent for a 2-star, after some of the reviews here one may think it's a total dump, so I was pleasantly surprised.The rooms are large and clean, so are the bathrooms, the only thing that bothered me was a persistent strange smell in the room - windowsare nailed shut and doors should be kept closed, as the access to rooms is from the street via balcony, so there is no fresh air in therooms at all. After turning the air conditioner on in fan mode the smell gradually goes away, but I couldn't help noticing it every timeI came into the room. The room has a safe for keeping your valuables in.The breakfast is very basic and bland. Better buy some donuts in a shop next door, although the small juice cans are good for carrying around.The parking is ample and next to the rooms. We didn't get to use the pool, but it was there. The location is great and I didn't see any undesirable types loitering around. The WiFi internet works and is free. The staff was helpful, but a wake-up call we asked for never came.To sum it out, the hotel is good for basic accommodation and I do notdesire for more. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 17 2006 	Fantastic location on the strip	We booked a last minute stay in Vegas directly with the assistant manager at this hotel. She was great and very helpful - making sure we knew exactly where we would be staying and what would be near us. The check-in was painless and we were even able to get into room well in advance of the check-in time. The room was basic but just as large as when we stayed in a 4-star casino hotel last time. It definitely needs some cosmetic upgrades but it I understand the property is under some new management and they are working on getting it fixed up.Our first few nights there seemed to be plenty of empty rooms but it definitely filled-up on the weekend. The desk staff was always friendly and helpful. It is a great and very cheap place to stay near all the action. You aren't going to get a bellhop to bring your luggage to the room - but hey, you save in tips! As a single female, I felt very safe in the area and apparently others did as there was guest who felt comfortable enough to park his/her Viper in lot.I would suggest that if you use a cab, mention that you are next door to the Harley Davidson Cafe on Harmon - they seem to be able to locate that much better than the actual hotel.	
Oct 7 2006	worst price quality ratio ever	We arrived in Las Vegas on a friday night without having made reservations. (we learned our lesson)After having gone through about 15 hotels which were all full, we managed to find a room in this hotel (now we know why rooms were still available). This hotel is highway robbery. We paid 125 USD per night and although the comfort in the room was ok, the bathroom was appalling (reminded me of those bad sanitary blocks you sometimes have in cheap campings). I don't know if it was fungus growing out of the bathroom boards or if it was excess glue, but you'll understand that I didn't want to go poking around with my finger in that stuff. The room smelt strange as well, not bad, but it did smell of really cheap and toxic deodorant. The neighborhood is also not too reassuring. We always used to take a sprint from the Circus circus next door to our room. Although it's right next to it, those 100 meters to the room were not too pleasent. There are often suspicious looking individuals in the car lot (I'm happy I had a rental and didn't have to stress too much about that) and one morning I woke up to some noise of some kids screaming and running on the top floor and saw through my curtains 5 police cruisers in the hotel parking lot. I must admit that we were to blame for this as we should have had reservations. What is scandalous however is that you can get a room in a palace from sunday to thursday for the same price that we paid on the week end. Of our 3 week trip, this was our worst stay!!!Our advice, go to Vegas during the week and go to a palace or make reservations some place else. You won't regret it!!!C.	
Sep 8 2006	fine at this price	if you are looking for a cheap option ($50 per night) on the Las Vegas Strip then you can't really go wrong here. It's not remotely luxurious, but the rooms are of a reasonable size, the bed is comfortable, the shower is good &amp; most importantly during the summer, the air-con works well. It's a great location - close to New York New York and Paris. Parking is free and it even has a small pool. It's perfect for those that wish to save their cash for other things.	
May 27 2006	Cheap place on the strip	We drove to vegas on a whim and stayed because it was the cheapest. the outide looked delapidated, but they said they were remodeling...who knows! It was cheap in comparison to the other hotel places and great location. The room definitely left something to be desired...not particularly clean, crusty towels, etc....Definitely would not stay here if i did some advanced planning, however for a trip on a whim and knowing that we were only in the hotel to sleep after returning bleary-eyed from the casinos, not a bad place. Take your chances!	
Apr 12 2006	Stay somewhere else!	This place is in need of serious repair. Located next to the Harley Davidson Cafe, it shares the alley in which several people use as a toilet. The sounds of the Harley engines and people drinking/ partying all night will not allow for rest. The first night the patio plastic furniture was in the freezing cold and dirty pool, allow with many porn newspaper flyers. The maintenance did clean out the furniture and paper the next day, but left the dead bird in the pool. My husband got the net and retrieved the bird to throw it away. The room needed new carpeting, as many stains were all over and was worn through in spots. This is a not so cheap motel, as we spent $69 Thurs. $125 Fri. and $125 Sat. All other motels were full and with the cancellation policy, we were pretty much stuck. The location is great, but boy don't plan on spending anytime here. We actually slept by the pool one afternoon because the room was not appealing.	
Jan 14 2006	Manky	We decided to stay somewhere cheap on the strip as we'd be arriving near midnight, so would only need a bed for a night - how bad could it be? Well, when we got there, we unloaded our suitcase in the car park with a gang of homies watching our every move, hanging out in the car park. So we quickly moved off to the room, just waiting for some sleep. Arriving in the room was even less fun, bloodstains on the bedside table, hairdryer was sparking, all units were smashed, the covering of the aircon unit had been ripped off, and the bed was as manky as it gets. Looking at the pool it was full of rubbish, and all of the surrounding deck chairs etc had been thrown in. Walking along the balcony, it does seem as though it's about to collapse, so hopefully there won't be too many more of these reviews. Only advice you need is - NEVER GO THERE!!	
Jan 12 2006	Not as bad as you'd imagine!	This is a basic, budget hotel, so the decor might not be to everyone's taste. But you're in Las Vegas!! If you're spending a lot of time in your room, you've come to the wrong place. A great base for a few nights.	
Jan 9 2006	Broken Front Door?	I have one good thing to say about this motel, it is in a good location the Strip. OK, now to the rest of the story. First of all, we arrived well past check-in time at 6pm and were promptly told our room wasn't ready. We asked why and the not so friendly front desk person said &quot;There was a little problem there last night, and they haven't fixed the broken front door&quot;. What? Anyway, we asked for a different room and were told that was the only one available since there was some sort of biker convention taking up most of the rooms. We then asked to see the room and were pointed toward it. Needless to say we were not pleased when we got there. The front door was leaning against the window and the room was a total mess. We then walked back to the front desk and asked to be released from our confirmed and paid for reservation. The front desk person VERY reluctantly said, &quot;OK, but just this once&quot;. Don't worry Travelodge, we won't be coming back anytime soon. We then proceeded to another much nicer place off-strip.	
Sep 20 2005	The rooms are just as NASTY as the staff are!	number one, The hotel overall...YUCK!The Staff couldn't have been anymore NASTY!The rooms smelt like GARBAGE.Nobody could PAY ME to stay there ever again!If you WATSE your money going there, you NUTS!	
Jul 26 2005 	Disgusting hotel	I stayed at the Travellodge on the strip in Vegas in April 2005. This is probably the most disgusting hotel I have stayed in, in all of the USA - and compares to one of the dingy hotels in India I once ended up in on a late travel that turned out to be a ---.The location is good, but trust me, location does not justify this hotel! The room smells so disgusting that we could barely stay in it - and we were charged $180 a night! It stank like the clothes of a homeless person. When we complained several times, they offered us several other rooms to change to but there was no difference at all and they all smelled really bad. Since there was a large convention in Vegas, we tried nearly 20 hotels and all were full. We had to stay in this horrendous place for days.... Not even once did they come to do something about the smell. Windows were permanently sealed, so the rooms never get air. We finally purchased baking soda and sprinkled it everywhere in the room and believe it or not (!) not even once during those days was the carpet vaccumed but the baking soda was still there during all our stay! The room was so appalling that we never even walked on the floors without our shoes on.My friend had $250 stolen by the cleaning personnel when we stepped out for a few minutes. Three calls to the manager never resulted in a single apology, or him even making efforts to call back! They never bothered to question the cleaning staff (we know it was the staff). The &quot;conincidence&quot; of $250 disappearing immediately on the &quot;cleaning&quot; of the room and it not being the cleaning staff would be laughable.If you are homeless and like to degrade yourself, stay at the Travellodge on the strip. Otherwise, NEVER set your foot here.	
Jul 13 2005	Run down	We stayed here while passing through as we were doing a road trip across the south west. Unfortunately this hotel looks terrible and is badly in need of updating both inside and out and felt dirty. Like a previous reviewer we kept our shoes on as the carpet was in a sad state and we also had cockroaches. All in all not a pleasant place to stay, I also hated Las Vegas, it was everything I expected and less, not my type of place!	
Jun 19 2005	Good value for money	We stayed here two weeks ago for one night on arriving in Las Vegas. The Travelodge is located in the South Strip, very close to major hotels, shops and restaurants. It's great if you are looking for something cheap (cost around $90 for the two of us) and convenient. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. A/c and coffee maker available. I would stay here again if on a tight budget.	
May 20 2005	Reasonable Budget Hotel	First visit to Vegas November 2004. If using Greyhound to arrive, get of at the Stratosphere which is 1st stop. The hotel is a motel type. Reception tried to charge more than Internet quote but ended up reducing fee! Small pool area was locked for duration of stay. No breakfast but lots of paces to eat here. The room and bathroom were clean, serviced every day but needed a fresh coat of paint . TV with lots of channels &amp; Coffee facilities updated daily. Iron, clock &amp; hairdyer insitu. King size bed. The location is excellent, right on the bottom end of strip and very very cheap. As a lone traveller the strip is safe, just don't wander of the street in downtown at the Fremont Street Experience - worth seeing. Walk the Strip to get the best of the Hotel attractions and catch the free shows at the hotels, all excellent. Lots of outlets to book Helicopter tour of Grand Canyon, just don't leave it to your last day as once is not enough to absorb the beauty. You will want to see it twice! I don't gamble so casinos were of no attraction, lots of shows available, get tickets half price at the street outlets. Chatting to others staying at budget hotels and whilst this one may not look like much, it had all, and more facilities than others for alot less money. Especially the Stratosphere which is quite far away to walk the Strip. There is so much to do and see in this city that all you need is a base. I recommend this one for price and location. Clean, functional but NO frills.I give it above average rating for location and price.	
May 18 2005	Oh so dirty!	The hotel could not be more seedy. We had to keep our shoes on at all times as the carpet was covered in spots and dirt. We could not use the one chair supplied as it was also covered in terrible looking stains. The pillows actually smelled! Oh, Travelodge, knock it down already. It is obvious no money has been spent on the property in decades. Shame.	
Apr 19 2005 	Great value	I stayed for a week in early April 2005.Prices were great (175 for Sat nite, 50 for the week nights, and 94 for Fri. nite.)The room was clean and simple. It was cleaned nicely everyday. It is right in the center of things. Great location. Far from the monorail but don't take that anyway. It's right on the strip. I enjoyed the Harley Davidson cafe. They have great burgers. It is a short walk across the parking lot to a small store which sells snacks.If you don't want noise and excitement, don't come to Vegas. Who the heck stays in their room in Las Vegas, anyway?I would definitely stay here again. I would rather spend my money on entertainment in Las Vegas rather than on the hotel.	
Apr 7 2005	A dump	Good things:LocationPrice $55 - Low relative to others near the room isn't worth it.Bad things: Very hard mattress.Broken window in bathroom.Wind whistled under front door - there was a breeze in my room.Heavy curtains only, had to keep closed for privacy. Lamps were all low wattage bulbs, so room was way too dark.Harley Davidson Cafe next door. On Sunday during the day bikers hang out there and everyone revs there motor when arriving and leaving. Thankfully, the place closed before I tried to go to sleep.Main way into the motel is from northbound on the Strip. 100 feet before the entrance the right lane ends which jams up traffic in the right two lanes, sometimes all the way back to Tropicana. Far better to enter off of Harmon, but the entrance is not marked and there is no Travelodge signage.	
Nov 18 2004	Terrible	We stayed here for 1 Friday night in October.We stayed here out of desperation as it was the cheapest place we could find and it was still $160 for the night. What a con. I dont know how they get away with charging that much money for such a dump. The only good thing going for the place is that it is on the Strip. There is also a bad side to being so close to the strip as it is the noisiest place I have ever stayed in. The Harley restaurant is close by so you can here alot of motorbike noise. The rooms were very dated. In dire need of re-decoration. The TV was so old it didnt even have a remote control.Stay away from this place. Pay a bit more and stay in a proper hotel.	
Oct 27 2004	Good for what you pay	I booked a room for my fiancee and myself in August for $50 / night. I had no idea what to expect for this hotel and I was a bit scared.When we got to the hotel we found it was around where the cheap t-shirt are sold and the Harley Davidson cafe is. You pull into a driveway off the Strip and the office is a small room on the left.That, though, is the only bad part of the hotel. The staff was very friendly, helpful, and professional. I received a copy of the bill when we checked in and verfied the room rates per night. The room was average, the TV had basic cable with ESPN, HBO and the Disney Channel, the bed was ok, and there was a coffeemaker. The only bad things were - the bathroom door got stuck on the door jamb and would not close. - we left our room at 1pm after an allnighter of gambling and room service had not cleaned our room when we got back that night. We called front office and they did give us clean towels very promptly.The hotel was within walking distance of most of the hotels on the strip and Fatburger and McDonalds (if you need fast food). I was pleased with the hotel and would consider staying there again if we go back to Vegas.	
Oct 23 2004	Location and Value!	Wow - what a great location!We stayed on 2 week nights in mid-October and couldn't believe just how close it was to the center of all the action. There were a few major conventions in town and staying here saved us nearly a hundred bucks a night.Sure, there is no casino in the motel but within 5 minutes (walking) you can be at any number of the major Strip properties.The rooms were clean; nothing fancy but more than adequate. Having a coffee maker in the room was very nice as well.The pool is nice, uncrowded, not shaded (unlike MANY of the major hotels), but COLD.If you just prefer fast food then there is a wide variety of restaurants right next door.For those who want to stay on the Strip but without the glitz or price of a theme hotel, try out this property!	
Oct 20 2004	Located just in the center of the action	My sister, her husband, my husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights (from October 10 thru October 12). It's just well located in the center of the strip, in front of The Boardwalk Holiday Inn and between Aladdin anf MGM Grand. It isn't a great hotel, but let's be honest...who's going to be inside the room when you got so much to walk and enjoy in the strip and casinos?It's true, the hotel needs a little touch on the furniture and the bathrooms, but it's quite fine. You're only going to sleep very few hours...If you are traveling to Vegas on a budget, this hotel might be right for you.When going to Las Vegas, try to do it weekdays, never on weekends and if you want to stay in one of those fancy-luxury-theme hotels, try to catch a low season price by internet.Have fun...!	
Jun 25 2004	Deep in the heart of the Strip!	Hey I have never felt like writing anything like this before. But You know Travellodge South Strip needs to be said Good Job! We stayed there and found everything on the strip so easily accessiable. And Not being in one of the major casinos, there was no confusing elevators, or hallways etc to contend with. No everlasting casinos to make our way down and thru. No it was a simple step out of the room door and decide where to go. It was safe , clean the staff was freindly and accomodating,. I was really greatly impressed. try it you're gonna lovfe it. good job Travellodge Strip South. 	
Jun 25 2004	Oh Dear!!!	Stayed at this Motel with the kids in 96 and then again (without them) in 2000. It is over the road from The Boardwalk casino and directly on the strip and you can park your car outside your room which, as Aussies, we are very used to doing as it is so convienient. The price is always right at around 55 bucks a night. I was there 2 weeks ago, and what a difference 4 years makes. It was hard to find it this time as a tattoo parlour has opened up where reception once was ( that is now in a little pre-fab office on the other side.) The rendering is falling off the external walls, the pool ( it was 100 degrees!!) was unusable due to plastic bags and general debris on the bottom. We felt that if they couldn't be bothered cleaning the pool, the chlorine and PH levels were probably not good either. The carpet in our room had not been cleaned since our last visit either, only a brave person would go barefoot ( the soles of my husbands feet were testament to that) you could poke your fingers through the sheets and towels as they were threadbare. We only got one towel each, 3 of the lamps were broken and not having sheer curtains on the windows( ground floor) we had to have the drapes shut all of the time for privacy. Thus, we were in complete darkness most of the time we were in the room. I came down with food poisoning (not related to the Travelodge) and when my husband rang front desk to find a local doctor, the guy said he had no idea and didn't even seem too concerned. (We found one in the local pages, and I was admitted to hospital) No thanks to front desk. Imagine if I was travelling alone ? Would I have been found dead by housekeeping next day? Needless to say, we won't return. I think it may close soon, but the site is too small for a Casino, so I really don't know what is in store for what was once a great Motel	
Nov 23 2009 	???????		
Nov 24 2007 	bien placé		
Aug 27 2007 	Zentral gelegenes Hotel		
