Oct 13 2008 	Never again	Koval Lane Super 8 Motel needs to renew its mattressses and its attitude.. We stayed there recently and my husband was badly bitten from his neck down to his toes by bed bugs. We are now back home and 29 days later while the redness has gone away we can still see the lumps from these bites. They were so bad my husband didn't feel he could wear shorts the whole time we were away, the temps were 100 degrees upwards so there was quite a bit of discomfit cause by this.While they took 3 days charge off our bill and moved us to another room their attitude was &quot;oh, so what, stuff happens&quot;. One of the staff said she had manage to take some of these bugs home with her and the bites had driven her crazy for a week. Thats fine if you are at home and can deal to these things but it's not quite so easy when you are visiting from abroad.	
Oct 7 2008 	Horrible experience will NEVER stay in a Super 8 again	We reserved two motel rooms for the night of September 27, 2008. Upon arrival, after noticing that the location was nothing like what was indicated on the website, rather it was scary and dirty, we checked in anyway, aware that their cancellation policy was for 24 hours prior and it was too late. We paid $125 for each non-smoking room, in two different names. The first room smelled terrible, like smoke covered with air freshener. The second room had a huge, dead cockroach on the sink. The two men immediately went to the manager and reported this, stating that we were not going to spend the night in a place with bugs like that. He offered to move us to another room, offered a $20 then $30 discount on the one room, but refused any other deal. We wanted a refund, and would have been happy with even a half-refund. The manager/owner got very angry and accused us of just wanting to stay in a better hotel on the strip. First of all, we don't gamble, we are two families with young kids and were on our way home to Utah from Disneyland, so his claims were unfounded. Secondly, as if we would plant a roach in a room to get out of a reservation!We called the Super 8 people, to no avail. We asked them to just transfer our reservation to another super 8 in St. George or somewhere on our way home, they refused. I understand policy, but it is poor customer service that when what we agreed to isn't delivered that they still kept our money. We did go on to St. George that night and stayed at a very nice &quot;Ambassador Inn&quot;. On October 6, I received one check for $30 and a letter explaining that they spray regularly for bugs and the dead bug was an indication that the fact that it was dead means their spray is working. Yuck. We lost money on two rooms, though, and as of this writing, only received the pittance on the one room. We also received a letter from the President of Super 8, stating that we should take our complaint to the owner/manager of the Las Vegas Super 8. Obviously, this means they don't care about our experience or making sure we don't have a bad taste in our mouths about Super 8.Needless to say, we will never stay in a Super 8 again. It was disgusting and not as nice as the website indicated at all.The problem is, if the place has to spray for bugs frequently, they have a bug problem. And where there's one roach seen, there are thousands unseen. We simply couldn't sleep there knowing this.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great value	I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews because personally I found this motel to be pretty good value. I hadn't pre-booked - I was on a road trip between Denver and LA and was driving round the area looking for a place to stay and asked at the the front desk. The guy there was very polite (I think he was Oriental). I booked for 2 nights and ended up staying an extra night (room 142), and couldn't find fault with the motel. It was clean, no bugs, large room, patio window, and in a really excellent location just 1 minute's walk from the Fremont Street Experience, casinos etc. The best thing was the price. Admittedly I stayed Sun thru Wed which is not peak time but I was still expecting to be quoted $100+ per night so was very pleased with $59. When I checked out there was a different guy at the front desk who was also very pleasant. Maybe I was just lucky but this was one of the best places I stayed at during my trip (and I stayed at a LOT of motels!) and I would definitely stay there again.	
May 12 2008 	Dump and dive	We actually stayed here twice on Koval Ave. once on start of trip and once at end. Mainly because of hotel shuttle. Never again, I'll pay big bucks to avoid this oneHalls are dark and dreary, rooms are dark and dreary. Place overall didn't look cleanOur last room 1103 had big lumps in the floor, like concrete under the rug that hadn't been leveled. And I mean all over. It was a good thing we, tho' seniors aren't affected with balance, cuz I fell over one of the bumps. Avoid this one, we tried twice and neither was a good experience.	
Mar 4 2008 	Not so cheap...stick to the major hotels	This room was clean, but that is the only thing that made my complement list. I stayed in room 56 and was very disappointed to learn that there was no air conditioning. After returning from a day of fun, I was forced to keep the bathroom window and room door wide open for 2 hours in order to cool it off before bed time. Although there was a large front window by the door, there was no screen and the noise from Fremont Street forced me to keep it closed during the night. I could have delt with the negatives if I had received a great deal, but I paid $140 for one night. I will not stay at this hotel again and strongly urge anyone to research the hundreds of other options before settling on Super 8.	
Mar 15 2006	The worst place I have ever set foot in!!	I don't usually bother complaining when I am not happy about a service, I usually just make sure that I never go there again. However I feel so strongly about this that I had to let people know about what happened to me and advise them never to stay here!I stayed at this motel last month with my friend and from start to finish our stay there was absolutely terrible! First of all we paid in excess of $150 per night for 2 nights stay and the reception staff were so rude and horrible. On our morning of checkout we had asked for a wake up call at 10am so that we would be ready to check out at 11am. Our telephone wakeup call did not come and at 11am the manager knocked on the door telling us that it was check out time and that we should be out. I then called the front desk asking for a late check out to allow us to pack our clothes and have a shower and they said they would call me back once they had spoken to the manager. 10 minutes later the manager &quot;banged&quot; on the door again and told us to leave immediately and insisted on standing in the doorway until we vacated the room. At this stage we did not have time to dress and we closed the door to get dressed. A few minutes later there was a knock on the door again and 4 policemen where standing at the door. They ask us to leave and stood in the room until we did so. As I packed I talked to a couple of them saying it was quite unnecessary for them to be called, they agreed but said that they had to answer the call out. We packed up our stuff and left the room and waited for our shuttle to the airport at reception which was arriving at mid day. The manager then asked us to leave the premises and would not allow us to wait there. I have no idea why we were treated like this for simply being slightly late checking out. I contacted the complaints department of super 8 and they wrote a letter to me saying that there was nothing they could do as this particular motel was franchised and therefore it was up to management to meeting super 8 standards and they recommended that we contact the manager. This is extremely unsatisfactory as it was the manager who treated us the worst during our stay there!I was absolutely shocked and horrified at how we were treated at this motel. I have stayed in lots of motels and hotels all over the world and never in my life have I been treated so badly. I will never stay in a Super 8 Motel again!!!	
Feb 27 2006	Good job Super 8 !	The clerk at the desk allowed early check in, and was also very helpful when he advised me and my sister to use the bus instead of driving and having to fight the traffic. The room was very clean and the property well taken care of. Will stay at Super 8 again on my next trip to Las Vegas. Well done Super 8.	
Feb 19 2006	Rude and unhelpful desk clerk named ABE	WE booked a Reservation at this Motel for February 19th, 2006 for one night. Arrived early for our reservation and had to wait until 3:00 p.m., to get into our room. That was perfectly acceptable to us. We left our car in the Motel Parking lot, visited several Casinos and returned at 3:30 p.m. The desk clerk had us fill out the standard form for a room and I offered my Credit Card (the number of which had been given to them over the phone when the reservatiion was made through AARP/CARP.) The clerk then asked for my driver's license (photo ID) and my husband's driver's license. These pieces of ID have our pictures and our signatures on them. He insisted he must take a photo copy of these pieces of identification. We refused and were told to take our business elsewhere. WE were not given any other options. Just allow him to photocopy our personal identification with both our pic and our signatures, or go elsewhere. WE went elsewhere, and back to a Travelodge in Hurricane, UTAH where we've been treated like Royalty. DO NOT STAY AT THE SUPER 8 MOTEL, 700 East Freemont Street, Las Vegas, Nevada. They are rude and unhelpful. I will be most reluctant to stay at any Motel 8 in the future because of this incident. I will not allow strangers to photocopy my personal identification documents and no one else should either. Identity theft is far too common and prevalent for this kind of policy to become mainstream.	
Oct 6 2004	Worst Reservation Handling I've Ever Experienced!!!	On 8/12/04 I have made a reservation in person at the front desk of this Super 8 Motel. The front desk employee gave me a paper with the reservation number. When I showed up two days later for check-in, the same employee was at the front desk. He told me, that he couldn't find the reservation and the motel was full. He didn't took any responsibility for this mistake and simply accused another front desk employee working prior to him for this. He didn't offered any help to find another motel. At least he could have called the other Super 8 motels in town, but he didn't even did this. After an attempt to find a room in another hotel (which were all sold out for this date), I returned to the Super 8 and talked to the mentioned employee again. I asked him to give me back the paper with the reservation number and write down his name, because I will contact the chain and inform them about this incident. He refused to give me back the reservation number and even refused to give me his name. This behaviour is unbelievable and unacceptable. I filed a complaint with Cendant Group and the only answer I got were two standard apologizes they have saved in their computer! There are so many Casino Hotels in this area and most of them are cheaper and offer exemplary guest services, so why stay at this place?	
Jan 16 2009 	Gemischte Gefühle		
