	You will not be dissapointed!!	We stayed at the Venetian for ten days in November 2009, After a long tiring flight from the UK we arrived to a very busy check in desk (its busy 24/7!) but we were quickly processed and found our room very easily.When we opened the door, we could have cried...it was absolutely fabulous! Bearing in mind that this was one of the cheaper suites, it was spotlessly clean, very comfortable, flat screen tv's in the lounge, bedroom and bathroom, mini fridge/bar, safe, writing desk with internet access, massive comfortable bed and the usual free goodies!The maids were very efficicient, the food within the hotel offers a wide choice from the ridiculously expensive to the very affordable but basic.If I return to Vegas, I would not hesitate to stay there again. Enough said!	
	Very Disappointed	My wife and I have been to Vegas several times. To make each trip a little different than the last and to add some excitement we try to stay in a different hotel each time. We've stayed at MGM Grand, New York, New York, and Wynn. On this trip we first stayed at Encore for two nights and then transferred to The Venetian to take advantage of a Spa Package deal. My wife and I have always wanted to stay here mainly for the light, fragrance you smell throughout the hotel and the grand appearance of the lobby areas. After reading all the great reviews about this hotel we were excited to stay here. Check in was easy and they had a room for us before the usual 3pm check-in even though it was a holiday weekend. Please be advised that if you want a strip view it will cost you an additional $50 per night. The Venetian is like a facade and the view out the back of the hotel is not pleasant.Yes, the lobby is grand and beautiful but the room itself, although considered an &quot;all suite&quot; hotel, was smaller than what the reviews lead you to believe especially compared to the rooms in the Encore, Wynn and even the suite at New York, New York. I thought the furniture was old and uncomfortable, although the bed was fine. One other comment here said there was dust on some items in the room and I found this as well. Not just a light dusting but more like it hadn't been dusted in quite a while. What was especially disappointing was the noisiness of the hotel. The doors to the rooms SLAM shut with such force that you can easily hear other doors closing down the hall. With this being a holiday weekend you can imagine annoyance. My spa package included a $50 discount toward any spa treatment with daily admission to the gym and the spa. Well, $50 doesn't take you very far in the Canyon Ranch Spa as even a 30 min. facial will cost you $100. The men's spa was nice but they were always running out of fresh drinking water and fresh fruits. On more than one occasion I had to find an attendant to remind him to refill. I am a poker player and I must say that the Venetian poker rooms is one of the best on the strip. I will come back to play poker here but as far as staying in the hotel we won't be coming back.	
	Most Beautiful Room EVER	I am very particular and I could not have asked for anything more.	
	Best Place for your honeymoon...after getting married in Vegas of course!	The Hotel is truly unbelievable! It really is like living in an Venetian Palace in Venice! It is so beautiful, the service great and suites are to die for. Check out the indoor (really you are indoors) Venice outdoor themed experience. You won't believe your eyes! It is the most romantic place other than actually being in Venice.	
	Lots of fun!!!	the staff was kind generous and room service was there catering your every needs..	
	Second time staying herelove itwill stay here on every trip to Vegas!	Gorgeous hotel, relaxing, great service, clean, the most comfortable beds in the world!! Staff are always very friendly and accommodating, rooms are large and very comfortable. Lots of amenities close by. Will stay here again and would recommend it to anyone staying in Vegas.	
	Would have been good but it never got beyond being a Wannabe.	The way this hotel has tried to capture all the memorable sites of Venice into one clustered area is just amazing. The lobby is nothing short of grand. Everything seemed perfect,... until the person checking us in said we needed to pay $33 more per night if we wanted two queen beds. We remembered specifically requesting 2 queens when we booked this package through Continental, but alas, not much of a choice, really. Then we get to the room -- 22-238. Just like the lobby, at first it looked awesome -- spacious. Then you notice that the CD player is dusty. No slippers. Only one set of soap and shampoo, etc., The toilet room smells like smoke. The water tastes like chlorine. No coffee maker. Tiny closet (especially for two women). Couch in the living room area is worn out. Some of the electrical sockets are loose from the wall. Poor lighting. Nothing seemed genuine about the place. It's all for show. But then again, in Vegas, what could one expect?	
Nov 26 2009 	strong perfume smell pervasive throughout property	I did not stay at the hotel but have been there for both the phantom show last year and last night the blue man group show. Both times I notice a strong perfume smell that hits you as you walk into the property from the parking garage. It seems to be coming directly out of the ventilation system and is pervasive throughout the entire property. It is stuck in my clothes after we leave, like cigarette smoke. It's a pretty hotel and casino and we would have liked to walk around more but the smell in this place makes me nauseous. Frankly I'd much rather deal with lingering cigarette smell than this awful perfume smell. Someone should tell the management to stop with the perfume. Other properties I have visited on the strip do not do this (Bellagio, Palms, Mirage, Mandalay Bay). If you are allergic to perfume or just do not like the smell please think again before booking at this property. We had dinner along the grand canal so we spent several hours in the property and now my clothes smell of the perfume.	
Nov 25 2009 	Fabulous hotel!!	We stayed at the Venetian hotel and it was gorgeous, the front desk staff were helpful and everytime we passed a member of staff they were friendly!!The room was gorgeous a massive bed, with equally huge bathroom!!we totally enjoyed it and would stay there again!	
Nov 25 2009 	All great but ever heard of fabric softener?	Stayed here four nights in November in a regular suite-room in the Venezia tower. The hotel is in a prime location in the middle of everything. The rooms are massive - you felt like being in a small apartment, not a hotel room. The service was excellent and personable. Yes, you could always 'smell' when you were close to the lobby because of the perfume, but it didn't permeate your clothes, and we didn't have any allergic reaction. The only complaint we had was all linens/towels were very rough (like they had been dried two hours too long). I know it's the desert and there's no humidity, but the towels and robes felt stiff and hard. I even got a little rug-burn on my ear from moving my head on the pillow overnight. Very odd. But that was it - everything else was exceptional and if we come back to LV, we would stay here again - after buying a room humidifier.	
Nov 25 2009 	Best stay on our 30 day US holiday	We almost didn't stay at the Venetian...we were about to book at the MGM Grand as it seemed a good all round hotel but on chatting with a lady recently on an online chat site we were convinced to look into the Venetian a bit more. We overlooked it in the first place thinking that it was a bit too posh for mum and dad &amp; 2 young kids, and that we would feel out of place, but neither was the case. Yes, it was posh but not so much so that we felt awkward. We were greeted by friendly staff at the front desk and our whole stay was perfect. The suite itself was amazing...the best we have ever stayed in and we have travelled the world quite substantially. The price we paid, we felt, was very reasonable for the standard and size. The location is awesome...we could walk to everything worth visiting in our short 3 day stay. We will be planning another US trip again in a couple of years and will incorporate a trip to Vegas again. We will not be staying anywhere else - why settle for second best!!?? Book it - you won't be sorry.	
Nov 23 2009 	STill nice but...it's loosing it's luster	Second time at the Venetian. First time about two years ago. I still love this hotel, but it is loosing it's luster. The couches, etc. really looked worn. We were in 24211. Check in took ages...because what they try to do is get you to upgrade to either a room with a view, or a suite. I actually opted to upgrade to room with view for $45 a night more, and yes, I was ripped off, but I had a beautiful view of the mountains, Mirage, the pool and part of Treasure Island (what the heck is that dang half finished building blocking the view?&quot;Signs or instructions on getting to the Monorail are lacking, and it is quite a hike, but it truly is a good wayi to get to the LV Convention Center. I was at the hotel on business, although my husband came along, and three groups of friends also came. One group stayed at the Venetian, another at the Wynn and the third off the strip somewhere. Went over to the Wynn. OMG that place is gorgeous. Top shelf. My husband visited our friends room, and he said although it was nice, it did not compare to the Venetian room (OK, yea!)Had dinner one night at the Bellagio Buffet with all the friends...it's OK...wouldn't do it again. Had dinner one night at San Marco (??) at the Venetian in ST. Marks square. OMG that was such a great location and so much fun (albeit quite pricey). We had dinner at Ellis Island on my recommendation from a TV show I watched. The place is a little dumpy, and it quite a hike (although we took a cab there, we walked back). But the food was incredible. Would I go there again. Yes, absolutely yes.Hubby rented a car at the Venetian while I was at conference. He and buddies went to Hoover Damn and Some thing fire. When my conference ended, all of us drove out to Red Rock Canyon. Unbelievable. Spectacular. Reminded me a little but of the Grand Canyon (was there about 10 years ago), albeit not as big...but just as breathtaking. When we got back to the room, we discovered that we could see the Red Rock Canyon from our hotel room (with binoculars).Saw Jersey Boys first night. Great Show. Advice here: NEVER NEVER NEVER see a show on your first night, especially if you fly in from East Coast.Saw Cirque de Soleil &quot;O&quot;. It was beyond words. This was my fifth or so Cirque show, so I know what to expect. It was absolutely incredible. Hint: buy a limited view seat and saw money....view is not bad at all.Continental Airlines: Flight going back home. I paid $6 to watch TV. Yes, $6 to watch the shows that you normally would get for free, plus the movie I was suppopsed to get for free. It is all tied in with Direct TV which I didn't want. But, I am really bad flying, so I swiped my credit card and watched stuff that I should have gotten for free. When I went to the regular Direct TV shows, they were LOADED and I mean LOADED with commercials....What the heck??? Why should they take my $6 to make me watch commercials? ARe they kidding.Bad, bad continental airlines. Oh, yea, and thanks for the cold cereal on a 7:30am flight. Just what people want, cold cereal. Are you crazy? At least give us a cold bagel.....or something but cereal?That's it. Great trip. Other couples we went with are thinking about going again next year. My convention is in November, but they want to go early like September or so to get pool weather (Oh yea, by the way, it was a bit chilly in Vegas November 10-15th....defintely not pool weather)	
Nov 23 2009 	Venetian Resorts	It's a very big hotel. We got lost in it twice. Loved the room and the hotel staff was very nice.	
Nov 22 2009 	An amazing experience	I expected something over the top but this was even more, just the check in alone is so ornate, gold everywhere, mural ceilings, and all rooms are suites with nothing spared, it is also positioned in a great spot on the strip	
Nov 20 2009 	Glitz and Glamour at the Venetian	From the moment we arrived, it was 5 star vacationing all the way. The registration desk was very welcoming and expeditious. From the grandeur of the lobby with its intricate chandeliers, beautiful ceiling paintings, marble floors, elaborate sculptures, and elegant marble columns to the stunning luxury suite with the sunken living room and elegant decor, it was a world class experience. The Grand Canal Shoppes are so unique with the spectacular canals running throughout that you can experience in an authentic Italian gondola. I loved to just stand around and take in the beauty at St. Mark's Square. We did treat ourselves to tickets to the Blue Man Group show and afterwards we had dinner at Canaletto and it was truly remarkable.I visited Concierge Services and they went well out of their way to ensure your request was taken care of. My cell phone battery was low and I did not have my AC charger and on 2 different occasions, they were more than willing to charge it for me. Overall, our stay at the Venetian was a world class experience and I would recommend everyone visiting Las Vegas to stay at this fabulous hotel.	
Nov 20 2009 	Awesome!	We have been to Las Vegas several times and have stayed in many of the hotels on the strip. The Venetian is always the one we come back to. The suites are great, the service couldn't be better, the location of all of the amenities in the hotel are convenient and the restaurants are wonderful.We usually get offers from the hotel so we don't have to wait in line for check in so if there is a way to book this it seems much better than waiting in the long line at the front desk. Otherwise I would check in at an off hour or just leave your bags with the bellhops at valet and go in have a gelato or shop around and check in later at your convenience. Also, the suites can be a bit of a walk from the elevators so you might want to try and ask for a suite as close to the elevator as possible. I have never had a bad meal at this hotel. I have had perhaps one of the best meals of my life at Aquaknox which is close to the main casino. Delmonico's, Zefferino's and Canallettos are all wonderful. Cafe du Lux is also great for an almost any time meal. The sandwich shop near the main casino has one of the best tuna sandwiches ever. The gelato is perfect... except it does close fairly early for Vegas time.Canyon Ranch Spa is nice but a bit of a walk... like most things in Vegas. I've had a very good hair cut there and a very informative (maybe too much) pedicurist who taught me quite a lot about callouses. The Phantom of the Opera production was very impressive and well worth seeing even if you have seen it before. Other shows worth seeing are Le Reve, Ka and other Cirque shows. However, I would definitely stay away from Chris Angel's show... can't even remember the name of it and am trying to forget the rest of it. The casino offers a wide range of slots and table play. However, the minimums are usually a bit higher but you do get a bit more of a personalized service from the dealers here even if you aren't playing with big bucks. They seem to pay more attention and if you are a bit glassy-eyed in the early morning this can really help.All in all a great place to stay...	
Nov 19 2009 	Great facility but room was filthy	As advertised, the entire Venetian/Pallazzo complex offered a lot to explore. Very impressive! We favored the casino on the Pallazzo side, it seemed more spacious and less smokey. The restaurant selection throughout was tremendous.Our room at the Venetian was a major disappointment. Checking in, we found the decorative cushion placed on our pillow was stained with vomit, a smell that lingered even after the linens were changed. We also found a soiled facecloth between the cushions in the couch. Nasty!!The vent in the bathroom was letting in second-hand smoke, so the bathroom stunk for the first two days, this subsided after we complained. There was also excessive dust in the suite, suppose a filter change was overdue.While these room issues were disappointing, the resort facility was outstanding (raising our overall rating up from a 3 to a 4). The staff and clientele were all friendly, respectful and made for a pleasant time (although the &quot;time-share ambush&quot; at the entrance into the Grand Canal Shops was too strong). We would probably recommend that people try the newer Pallazzo side, that's what we'll be doing on our next Vegas trip.	
Nov 18 2009 	Wow!	Great place. Suite was unbelievable. Probably the best room I have ever stayed in. Check in took ages which was annoying, but was quickly forgotten about once we stepped into our suite. I could have spent the entire time just relaxing on the uber-comfortable bed! There were 3 flat-screen TVs: one on the wall in front of the beds, one in the lounge and one in the bathroom. The curtains keep every big of daylight out of your room so sleeping late is not a problem (I woke at lunchtime one day after a particularly heavy night and thought it was still nighttime, so effective were the curtains). Staff were OK. One slight annoyance. My sister paid for our room with her credit card but mine was used for minibar, taxes etc. Both cards have been charged for the room and I am in the process of trying to rectify this and so far the hotel has been helpful.Great place to stay and the resort and casino is first class.	
Nov 18 2009 	It was the sweetest trip.	We arrived at 1AM from Washington,DC flight and the lady at the counter was super nice to us. We were upgraded to a suite room and that was the sweetest trip we ever had. Biggest and fanciest looking hotel room I have ever stayed.	
Nov 17 2009 	First Trip to Vegas - absolutely fantastic hotel!	Having read a few negative reviews just prior to our visit to the Venetian I was somewhat concerned about how we would find the hotel - I neednt have worried at all. The Venetian is fantastic - from check in to check out and all inbetween!I emailed the hotel prior to our stay to advise that I was celebrating a special birthday and, when we checked in after a very short wait, the agent wished me a happy birthday and upgraded our room to the 29th floor with a strip view. The room was like no hotel room I've seen before - beautiful, clean and very spacious and the bathroom was fantastic. When we called house keeping to ask for robes and to report the make up mirror broken, the housekeeper arrived 5 minutes later with the robes and a replacement mirror - service you really cant fault.All staff we encountered were helpful and friendly and, contrary to some other reviews, we never found the casino overly crowded.As for the pungent smell, we even loved that - it was comforting to return to after being out on the strip and in other hotels all day long!Although we meant to eat in the Grand Luxe which always looked very busy, we didnt get round to it but did have two delicious and reasonably priced meals in Noodle Asia.Overall, I cannot recommend this hotel enough - excellent location, excellent service, excellent amenities - who can ask for more????	
Nov 17 2009 	Venetian Hotel	Amazing hotel, all rooms are suites, no need to upgrade to a superior suite, the standard ones are fantastic enough. Lots to see and do around the hotel, highly recommended.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very nice	The location is great, close to the main casinos of Caesers and Bellagio. The rooms were very nice, spacious and clean. We got the luxury room with a view of the strip and were very satisfied.The Venetian, like most of the big casino's, is very busy and takes quite a walk to get to your room to in and around the casino.Would we stay there again? Overall, yes.	
Nov 16 2009	First time in Vegas	I enjoyed it at the hotel. The design was amazing. The room was comfortable and the view was great too. I hope to go back to Las Vegas again sometime when I'm older.	
Nov 16 2009 	Fantastic Hotel !	Stayed at the Venitian for my 60th birthday. What a fantastic hotel. It was in such a prime position on the strip, right in the middle. We originally were told we were on the 8th floor but they offered an upgrade for 45 dollars per room per night on the 21st floor with a view of the strip. Worth every penny. What a great view, the suite was amazing, bigger than the downstairs of my house. !! The hotel was like a mini resort and all the restaurants were great with different types and prices of food. Staff were really helpful and always ready to give advice. You do get lost as you walk around but that is part of the fun, we stayed for 4 nights and only just about found all the different parts of the hotel. St Mark's Sqaure was mind blowing, you would think you were outside in Venice. You can walk to the hotel block next door by an adjoining corridor of shops, and then on to the Wynn hotel which was fantastic. I loved window shopping. ! When we left we were able to leave our suitcases in their secure lock up as we had about 4 hours before we had to get to the airport. This was no problem and handled really well. Just see the desk on the outside of the lobby and they check your bags in and give you a receipt with a number on so that you can claim your bags back in no time at all. Loads of taxis outside the lobby just waiting to take you anywhere you want to go. No need to book. Would recommend this hotel to anyone. Wish I could go back tomorrow. !	
Nov 15 2009 	I'M IN LOVE WITH THE VENETIAN!	Stayed here for 5 nights with my Husband as a late Honeymoon in June 2009. It was our first trip to Vegas and the Venetian and we were not disappointed! Our jaws dropped just walking into the lobby the first time. The lobby is absolutely breathtaking and we had no problem waiting in line to check in for a couple minutes because we just sat there taking it all in. Just walking through the hallways up to our room - there was always something to look at! We were upgraded to the 'Bella Suite' and it was by far the best hotel room we have ever stayed in. Very big and spacious. Beds were comfortable - maids did a great job at cleaning - even arranged our shoes and my make-up on the vanity. Was impressed by that ;)Pool was great - quiet, relaxing, plenty of chairs to choose from in and out of the sun. Gentle music was playing nearby. Casino was great too - spent some time in the 'Sports Book' part betting on baseball.Had the absolute BEST breakfast sandwhich I've ever tasted at the 'Grand Lux Cafe' - very decently priced food and LARGE portions! Staff was helpful checking us out and holding our bags while we walked around waiting for the shuttle to bring us to the airport. Overall - A+++++++ will definetly be staying here again!!	
Nov 15 2009 	Beautiful but crowded and hectic!	I only visited friends and the casino. Their room was awesome but the casino floors were so busy and hectic with crowds and crowds, I could not wait to get out of there! Maybe too many convetions that weekend but too busy for me. The place was beautiful and has great location, just not my atmosphere.	
Nov 15 2009 	Loved it!!!	This was my 4th time to Vegas and my first time staying at the Venetian. I absolutely loved my stay there! The staff at the check in was great, got us in quickly even though we were there 6 hours earlier than expected. Our room was fantastic and so much bigger than expected (in comparison to some other hotels I'd stayed at in Vegas). We did not have a strip view but it didn't bother me since we spent most of the time on the strip or in the bathtub....(big bathroom by the way). The casino was vibrant and the crowd mixed with young and old which I liked.We were able to keep the food costs fairly cheap as they have a good food court selection , with lots of healthy choices as well as your standard on the go meal. The grand lux cafe by the casino floor has over 150 items on the menu and you are able to have a nice dinner for under $30.The fashion show mall is just a couple of blocks away and offers lots of good shopping.I am definitely going to stay here on my next trip again a this was my absolute favorite hotel, service wise &amp; price wise!	
Nov 14 2009 	Best of the Best	It was absolutely gorgeous! It was like I stepped into Italy! They have some of the finest restaurants. Canaletto's and B &amp; B Ristorante were my favorites! The shops were terrific! 	
Nov 14 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Oh my god, what a beautiful hotel.It's an all Suite hotel and I just booked the standard room, it was fantastic! Massive room with sunken living room, big bed and lovely marble bathroom, can't imagine what the other room types would be like as this one was stunning enoughLot's going on in the hotel but then which hotel in Vegas hasn't.Join up to their reward program and play in the Casino for a bit. Before I knew it I had already earnt myself another free night.The pool area is fantastic, especially the over 18's area, really fun. I felt like some kind of celebrity.Would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 14 2009 	Unbelievable hotel!! Everything you would ever want!!	First of all, DON'T listen to any of the previous naysayers about this hotel. Most of those are probably from people who only &quot;see the glass half empty&quot; anyway. My wife and I can not say enough about this magnificent hotel. The service we experienced was first class. Right from the registration desk, concierge, restaurants, shops, casino floor - ALL we encountered were extremely pleasant and helpful. This hotel has no doubt the best location on the strip. The room was huge with awesome beds, pillows and bathrooms. 3 TV's in one suite to boot! We read many reviews before we went and I have to agree with several of them that really all you need for a restaurant is the Grand Lux Cafe in the hotel. Excellent food, great quality, generous portions and decent prices. We ate seveal meals there and were extremely happy with them. We also ate at Delmonicos inside the hotel and it too was really an experience! Walgreens is right around the corner as mentioned in several other reviews and is very handy for getting light snacks, water etc.Everything in this hotel and the Palazzo ( property attached to the Venetian) is very clean and well kept.We went to three shows while we were there: &quot;O&quot;, Jersery Boys and Santana. All were very good, but &quot;O&quot; was our favorite. As far as some previous reviewers complaining about the walk from the registration desk to their room being so far, or about getting lost etc. - give me a break!! Those complainers probably are &quot;mouth breathers&quot; who needed the exercise anyway. Absolutely the best hotel on the strip - bar none! We had an unbelievable trip to Vegas and will certainly return to the Venetian again.	
Nov 13 2009 	SPECIAL SPECIAL SPECIAL	This place just makes you feel special. Its stunning. Yes you have to walk a fair way to your room - but it is such a beautiful and interesting walk. Even the walls windows and ceilings in this hotel are worth taking notice of. It is just put together beautifully. The rooms are spacious and bordering on opulent. Check in and out was fast and efficient. Staff were always helpful. The location is superb. It really is without a doubt one of the most interesting hotels on the strip. Its my fourth trip and I can honestly say this was the best hotel Ive stayed in. Dont miss the Jersey Boys - it is an excellent show. I dont go to Vegas to gamble, I just go to shop. And it never disappoints. Love the food, love the shows, love the shopping, love America. And what better place to start your American holiday than Vegas. Loud, vulgar, over the top and totally outside the box of your normal life. Love it love it love it!	
Nov 12 2009 	Best Hotel on the strip - Fantastic value for money	We stayed at the Venetian from 06-10/10/09 we were celebrating my girlfriends 21st Birthday. We arrived after a long flight from Gatwick tired but check in was quick and easy, we walked across the casino floor to get to our lift to our room. We had heard horror stories regarding walking 15-20 minutes to get to your room but it took us about 5 minutes from the lobby to our room door.We had a standard suite which was by no means standard we had a massive bed and a living area. There was a massive plasma TV in the bedroom area and then on a slightly lower level a living room and also a TV in the bathroom. The bathroom had two sinks, a bath and shower and a separate toilet, there was also a little dressing table with mirror which my girlfriend loved.There are amazing shops in the casino including David and Goliath and a brilliant souvenir shop. There is a river with gondola rides inside the hotel which has the paintings of the sky on the ceiling so you think you are outside, it’s very confusing. There is also a food court in the shopping area. There are 2 or 3 restaurants in the hotel but we only ate at the Grand Lux Cafe where we had a birthday breakfast for my girlfriend the food was very nice and good value.The lobby has the sixteenth chapel painted ceiling and outside there are more gondolas and other Venice attractions (sorry never been so don’t know what they were but they were, but they were impressive) There is also a Madame Tussauds which we did not go in. We watched a Bronx Tale in the theatre in the hotel which was a very good show.The Casino was amazing; the size was overwhelming we didn’t bet much in the casino itself as minimum bets were $25 on most games. We tended to go to Harrah’s to bet as it was a lot cheaper and just round the corner you can bet $5 and $10's which meant the money lasted longer which made it more fun. For food I would recommend Planet Hollywood in Caesars Palace and the Outback which is around the corner most hotels offer buffet meals but we preferred sit down menu meals. We went to all the other hotels and the Venetian is by far the best although you do pay a higher price in terms of value for money it was the best. Grand Canyon is a must and you have to see the fountains at the Bellagio, Volcano at the Mirage and the Pirate ship shows at the Treasure Island. We also saw the Beach boys and Mariah Carey and this made the stay extra special. I would definitely go back to Vegas and I would stay at the Venetian.	
Nov 11 2009 	What a wonderful hotel and casino!	My husband and I went to Vegas for the first time and stayed at the Venetian. What a great choice this turned out to be. From the moment we walked into the lobby (grand and it smelled delicious) until the moment we left, all ws good! The room was amazing...22 nd floor with a view of the pool at the Venezia and the strip. The bed was comfortable, the sitting area was fabulous and the bathroom....oh, the bathroom! Amazing. We enjoyed the many restaurants and never really got lost as so many others seemed to. We didn't find the walk through the casino to the elevators to be that far at all. Try to have breakfast at Bouchon's! The strawberry croissants are like nothing I've tasted before. We wnt to the Hoover Dam and to Fremont St. and both were great in very different ways. Don't let the negative reviews bother you...this hotel is the best!	
Nov 11 2009 	The bestttt hotel I have ever had the most pleasure to stay at	I LOVED this hotel so much that we have decided to go in a few short months. Everything was conveniently close by, it seriously seemed like the hotel was RIGHT in the MIDDLE of EVERYTHING That is good on the Vegas Strip. The lobby was so fantastic, i took a million pictures of it. I like how good the security was with the place, no random people can come up to the rooms without a room card, so that was great. Great deal we got on the room also, i absolutely fell in love with the decor of our suite. The only thing that i think that was not really good was that there were no free water etc lol...they placed some items but as soon as you removed it, it was automatically charged....sooo no didn't use that. I wish they had placed a sign or card detailing the floor plan of our level so i knew where to get ice from on the first night. Besides that i loved this hotel and would recommend it everyone. And they had a Walgreens so close by, on the lower level so i didn't have to worry about spending insane amounts of money on little snacks and some water. In fact we have convinced 3 people to go hahaha...Also went to Phantom of the Opera on the second night, it was BRILLIANT!!! I couldn't believe how fast they changed scenes and the effects were great.	
Nov 11 2009 	No more amore there!	Long weekend stay left us making a mental note not to stay in the Venetian again.The complex was very nice to walk through...very beautiful but to have to walk through every single time to our room was nuts! It is not convenient to get anywhere back and forth to your room. Not worth the price paid...not to mention the added $15.00 per night stay for spa use that we didn't find out until we checked in. The bathroom was the best part of the suite...double sinks, separate roman tub and glass shower. The suite itself had poor lighting and the couches in the sitting area looked old and worn. There were a number of concierge booths...but always had to wait at least 10 minutes on a line to speak with one. We bought tickets to see David Spade and were shown the seating chart with &quot;only this section left&quot;, which just happened to be the most expensive section. When we got to the show, there were whole sections in the lesser priced seats with gaps of empty seats. The casino was okay....long time to wait for hostess service. Regretting not staying somewhere else.	
Nov 11 2009 	Love the rooms beds pillows bathroom location restaurants 	2nd trip and can't wait to go back. The pools are gorgeous, the rooms are opulent and the best rooms I've ever stayed in. There are a ton of restaurants and clubs to pick from. The shopping at the hotel is awesome or you can walk across the street to the Fashion Show Mall or Caesar's Forum Shoppes. Everything you could want!	
Nov 10 2009 	Planes Trains and Automobiles	We visited the highly touted Venetian with another couple for a weekend getaway. We were VERY disappointed with the service we received from the hotel staff. We have stayed at many of the hotels in Vegas, MGM Grand, New York New York, Bellagio, and Treasure Island. ANYTHING that we asked for in our hotel was additional cost to our room. Simply asking for additional glasses was going to cost us $8.00 a glass (yes that is right, to borrow a glass from the hotel). We played for many hours in the casino, and there were stretches where we would not see a server at the gaming tables for an hour. We had to wait in line to check into the hotel for 1 hour! Then there was the Planes, Trains and Automobiles I had to take to get to my room. From the casino you have to walk across the entire hotel to the FIRST bank of elevators, up to another reception area, where you then have to walk (not kidding a quarter to half mile at least) to another bank of elevators to take you to your room floor. Which you then had to walk to your room. In all it took nearly 10 minutes to get from the casino to the room. It makes you never want to leave or go to your room. Just stay in the casino and spend your money. On a bright note the food was good, and our waiter the last night did the hotel a lot of good from our end because he is the only one I would even hire of the people we met. The room was nice and was about what we expected, still not worth the $250+ a night. FYI - Plug your nose when you walk in, they use an artificial smell that is pungent enough to make you sneeze and gag. All 4 of us had nasal problems by the end of the trip.	
Nov 10 2009 	Seen better days poor value	Not much positive to say, unfortunately. Poor value for money compared with the offers from Wynn/Encore, and the still beautiful Bellagio. The location suits me, close to Fashion Show Mall, Forum Shops, Via Bellagio Boutiques and the shops at Wynn. The Venetian was the hotel I stayed at during my very first visit to LV, so I re-visited out of nostalgia. I booked a King bed suite, and found myself talked into an upgrade to pool view when I checked in. Room on 25th floor, so I figured the view should be nice. Instead I found myself staring at two cranes working on an unfinished section of the Palazzo. Also realised pool view is no great shakes, unless you want to spend time in your room during the day, and look out of the window. Vegas is really about the fantastic Strip at night.The furnishings are dark, heavy and a bit oppressive, particularly combined with the poor lighting. Even with all the lights on (including the light in the cupboard) I still felt as though my eye sight was going. Little things really - separately no great problem, but in combination one kind of feels the enthusiasm is lacking. Cupboard door warped and jamming, silicone sealant in the bathroom curling away from the marble tiling, battery needed replacing in the tv remote, wobbly taps, switches etc. The toweling robe was not exactly generously cut (I'm not fat), moving walkways not working - my general impression was that money was being saved by cutting back on maintenance and luxury touches. Bit depressing, really. Slots tighter than a gnat's backside, piped music in public areas way too intrusive, and the offensive synthetic aroma everywhere is just vile. By day three I couldn't stop sneezing, and my nose started to bleed. At the Grand Canal shops and restaurants, a live string trio serenaded diners, but the poor musicians had to compete with loud piped music. The breakfast buffet in the Grand Luxe Cafe is boring, except for the fresh fruit selection. The daily resort fee (what is that - punishment for staying there??) supposedly includes a newspaper, to be collected at a desk near the ground floor escalator, but it was never open at the time I left the hotel for the day. I had a really super Halloween weekend, but will stay elsewhere next time.	
Nov 9 2009 	Memorable to the Last Detail	It’s been quite a while since I’ve written one of my infamous Las Vegas escapades, but this seemed like a good time. My lady and I packed up and hit the rode for probably the most special trip we’ve taken to Las Vegas. This time to the beautiful Venetian Resort and Casino!The best thing about this trip is I was able to keep it a secret from my girl until the very last second. She didn’t find out until we turned off of Las Vegas BLVD into the Venetian Parking structure! Needless to say…she was happy!The might be the best all around hotel I’ve ever stayed in. Aside from the ambience of this place that let’s you forget what continent you’re on, the prices for it all were very agreeable. I’m they type of traveler that’s always looking for a deal, but paying a little extra definitely paid off in the end. Where we paid for the hotel, we ended up saving in transportation, parking, and even amenities, it’s all right there! There was really no reason for us to leave the hotel, other than just getting out seeing the strip. The Venetian offers food and drink that accommodates all budgets, there are some of the best shows around right there on site and there’s one of the better spas I’ve ever encountered in Las Vegas.Walking through the Grand Canal Shopping area is a visual wonder. The whole area is made for people watching, enjoying a nice glass of wine or coffee, or just sitting on a bench and admiring the sky painted on the ceiling or the neighboring works of art that paper the plaza. One of our favorite ways to spend our free time was in St Mark’s Square. It’s a replica of the real one in Venice…minus the pigeons. There, the Venetian Trio entertains the crowd by playing music and interacting with the audience. They’re always very friendly and there’s no pressure to leave a tip for them, however I couldn’t resist leaving them money every time I walked through.The rooms are incredible! The hotel is all-suite, so there’s no such thing as a bad room. We got the basic luxury suite and were very impressed. King sized bed with some of the most comfortable pillows I’ve ever slept on, sunken living room with sectional sofa and work station, all marble bathroom with tub big enough for two and separate glass enclosed shower area and not to mention…three flat screen television sets! Need I say more? It was perfect down to the last detail. It was a good thing that everything we needed was either in the hotel or close by, because we never wanted to leave that room.If you’re looking for a one of a kind hotel experience; whether you’re a family, with you’re lover, or just flying solo, The Venetian has got your number.	
Nov 9 2009 	Best Bathrooms everbig roomsvery comfy.	Everything was great.only thing that bothered me was the cigarette smell but then it's Vegas. Not much that you can do.We had an excellent stay.	
Nov 9 2009 	Best Hotel Ever	This hotel was just breathtaking. The staff was very friendly. The suite was great, awesome view. The only complaints we have is......there are alot of people milling around by the casino and just trying to get to the lobby. I know everyone is looking at the hotel, it just makes the guests have to go around people all the time. The only other complaint is at night the volcano at the mirage goes off every hour till like 11pm, but it is neat looking out of the window watching the volcano. Other than that, I would stay here again, and had an awesome trip!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Very spacious!	I've stayed in Venetian a few times before with friends. It is a great place to stay if you are going with a large group of friends as all the rooms are suites. There are 2 queen beds as well as a fold out couch so it is very spacious. In addition, the bathroom is nice and has 2 sinks. The best thing of all is that there is a very nice lighted makeup/vanity area. I would highly recommend staying at the Veneitan.	
Nov 7 2009 	Wonderful room!	Absolutely gorgeous room. Huge, clean, modern, comfortable. The only that could have improved it was the view, although we looked out to the mountains and got a wonderful sunrise in the morning.Only a short walk through the casino to our elevators.Had a lovely manicure in the salon, i wished i'd had time for a massage and more as the spa looked very inviting.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great location big room italy with a twist for family	we stayed here with my son with friends in another hotel for birthdays. i liked this hotel on paper as we got a bigger type of room for the price. we could get in and out of the hotel via the 2nd floor shops without going through the smoky casino while with our son which was great. this review may not be worth reading if you are not going with kids as i have written it in that way. there were lots of eating opportunities and i would recommend the tinteretto bakery or dal toro for breakfast. its a bit confusing to start with as the palazzo and ventian are joined and the casinos and shops seem to blend into one. the &quot;first&quot; bar/restaurant had intermittent service, good view of the pirate show at night time. did hear quite alot of noise from our neighbour a couple of nights, the walls are not the thickest.. the swimming pool on 4th floor did not get an awful lot of sun during the afternoon so although heated, when you got out it was freezing and a quick dash to the room to warm up. vegas is not a complete sin city for people with kids. there are the &quot;ladies for rent&quot; card flickers further up the strip near planet hollywood, no sign of them near us. there is an great games arcade where you pay up front and play, near MGM, gamesworks, and M and M world. we also did the grand canyon. shopping opportunities are great, including the Town Square mall,, which does not appear in the guide books and was not mentioned by our rep but has a small kids play area with tree house, slides, maze and a water play area (not open as it was cold !!) in among the shops. tuscan brio grille was a great lunch stop if a bit noisy as it is next to the airport. it was nice to take our son to look at the statues at luxor, eiffel tower, pirate show etc which cost nothing. because we stayed at venetian we got given $25 slot credit which we turned into $40, money off gondola ride and madame tussauds. my husband recommends harrahs for blackjack as it had the lowest table prices and friendly croupiers. usual story of move anything in the mini bar and you get charged so you can't store anything else in the fridge, there is a walgreens at the bottom of the palazzo where you can get really cheap bottles of water, coke etc. so don't use the mini bar. the fashion show mall across the road has a reasonable food court. the airport for return journey is really naff. the international terminal is tiny and the shuttle bus that takes you to the domestic terminal is only slightly better.	
Nov 7 2009 	My dream vacation come true	On arrivng, I was asked if I wanted to upgrade to a updated room. I passed on it and wewere sent to the Venenzia wing, floor 2. What a room !!! I loved the old world decor andit was in mint new condition. I cannot imagine a more beautiful room so I am glad I passed up on the offer to pay more on contemporary decor. The bath was a large14x12 marble delight. The Venenzia garden pool is a slice of heaven with multiplepools all with foutains and heated water- all separated by garden design. What abeautiful get-away.	
Nov 6 2009 	Viva!	Fun, clean, exciting, great pool and massive rooms. Lots to see and do just in the hotel itself - with shows (Jersey Boys was fab), shops, restaurants, the casino and its very own indoor canal. Location right in the centre of the strip - just amazing!!	
Nov 5 2009 	Will not go back to sleep there	Big Nice etc as all Vegas hotel of this category BUT ROOMS ARE DARK (no hub caps etc and other amenities and their soap smells bad) don't book on their web site because they charge you twice and it is a lot arguing effort to make them refund you.Location is good, Hotel is busy (specially on convention), rooms are big (and dark) but you can hear all what is happening in the corridor, Pool is nice but not sunny after 3.30....I would say, stay somewhere else and come have dinner and visit and have dinner at the Grand canal... And for sure NOT a FAMILY hotel	
Nov 5 2009 	large comfortable rooms - our base for park visits	We've stayed twice at the Venetian now.. and use it as our base to drive to other destinations (Death Valley, Grand Canyon, Red Rock Canyon, Hoover Dam, etc.). We're not gamblers and actually hate walking in that mess of people crowding the Strip outside but this is a hotel where we don't have to go outside for anything. Plenty of food options right in the Venetian - good coffee and decent pastries downstairs at the Buchon stand just a few feet from the elevator lobby and the Grand Lux restaurant has an extensive menu (including good fresh salads) for a reasonably price (but top-shelf martinis are $16!). We like to have one nice dinner each time we're in Vegas. Buchon (the restaurant) disappointed, but Delmonico's was great (and pricey). You must try their crab cakes.. and the bone-in rib eye steak was big enough for the two of us to share.What's great about this hotel? It's located near the end of the strip so there's less traffic to weave through when trying to get out of town and there's no fee for parking your car here (I think it's tacky that hotels charge a fee for that). However, since their garage is a cavernous maze (no exaggeration here), we now opt for valet parking and have the carhops find our car when we need to drive somewhere for the day. The tip is worth avoiding the hassle of walking for almost miles trying to find where the car was left! The staff has always been great to us.. but we see that sometimes guests may be drunk, unreasonably demanding, beyond ill-mannered (hence some of the complaints about the hotel). I do leave tip for the housekeepers and request anything additional we need: soap, extra towels, shampoo, etc. Respect begets respect (good treatment) in return.Large, clean rooms with big, big bathrooms, automatic drapes, the most comfortable beds and nice comforters AND 3 TVs! No fighting over which program we want to watch.. ever. We got free Internet access because we signed up for the Club Grazie membership and we were given slots play money to use. Did I mention we weren't gamblers? It took us a while to figure out how to use the cash card in their slot machines!Since this hotel is one of the largest in Vegas, the waits for our car and checking into the room can take awhile.. very long lines. Yes, we note the perfume pumped through their hvac system but it's not overpowering (I'm very sensitive to odors/fumes) and I prefer this over cigarette smoke odors. We'll be back, for sure. I never want to go home when I'm staying here.. but, alas, we have responsibilities.	
Nov 5 2009	Wedding at Venetian	We went at Venetian for a week and it was a grat time in there. The wedding was great, atmosphere was awesom, and stuff friendly. One thing - photo quality of wedding could be better :) We gonna come again with friends and have a great time together!!!	
Nov 4 2009 	Large busy interesting but the perfumed air Hmmmm !	I stay in a lot of hotels for business reasons so a hotel room is a hotel room to me. Having said that my wife wanted to stay in one of the famous hotels on the strip for the experience and she was very happy with her stay. Well appointed rooms with separate lower level lounge.area Three flatscreen TVs. Free wireless internet. Huge bathrooms. All the excitement of the strip. Great pool area inside and out. Free parking. My only issue is the cloying perfume smell in the air. Maybe some guests do appreciate it but not the ones I spoke to, and coming from the UK where smoking is banned in public areas the casino area was a surprise. Expensive but that's what you expect at these hotels. Oh and thanks to the very unhelpful Grazie card desk. We had to queue for 30 minutes to get our free $50 card. Only to find it wouldn't work when we went to use it later that night. Another 30 minutes queuing for a replacement only to be told that they couldn't issue a rone without Id. Even though I obviously provided id when the original. was issued. Couldn't be bothered to queue again so never did get a working card Thanks for nothing Marina !	
Nov 4 2009 	All Sparkle and no smiles	This hotel is so large the personal service is lacking. Reservation/reception staff are too busy to be helpful. Why can't accomodation staff say good morning as you pass? The room itself was very good and was cleaned well everyday. One issue with the room was there was no coffee/tea making facility. In fact every extra was chargeable - internet access, gym etc Casino was very good and the staff were helpful	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed 26th-31st Oct . Standard room which was large with King bed and sofa bed for our 11 year old son . Tips bring a travel kettle as none provided and a long walk for morning coffee , hotel provided shuttle bus to airport $6 per person ( but not from airport ) . Mini bar expensive but you can get drinks in Walgreens between Venetian and Pallazio , alcohol from ABC store in the fashion show mall close by opposite the Wynn . Enjoyed the hotel , will visit again . Did great Grand Canyon South rim trip with Grand Adventures .	
Nov 2 2009 	Dirty room poor service they gave room keys to our room to other guests	Our recent stay in room 23237 for 6 nights was basically marred by several occurrences the first day.• On check in, the window glass was very dirty. Housekeeping came up and remedied the situation.• That night when we pulled back the covers, it became apparent that the sheets were dirty. On one bed their was bits of used toilet paper under the sheets and a large “booger” on the pillow case. On the second bed, the sheets were wrinkled and crumpled and some sort of foreign substance on one of the pillow cases. Again room service came up and remedied the situation, but it was pretty late before they finished and we could go to bed.• That same night at roughly 3:30 am, a knock at the door: “Turn Down Service” this woke us and we told him that we were already asleep.• 10-15 minutes later a party of 4 with the keys to the room came into the room we were sleeping in. Upon realizing that the room was occupied, they left.• Some time later a Venetian employee came up and woke us again to see if the room was occupied.• The next day, the venation offered $50 in room credit for all these issues. On reflection that seemed pretty chintzy and a later conversation took that to an also meager $100. No explanation of any of the events was offered, merely that “This does not normally happen here”.• The next day we also found other remnants of the previous occupants, but nothing disgusting as the night before.• Later that week, we noticed several brown spots on the wall beside the toilet. The wallpaper was brown so the bits of matter (Feces?) were camouflaged to a great extent.• On Check out, the $100 had not been applied to the bill. The check out person went in the back for a while and reduced the bill by 80+ dollars. I asked for more detail about what exactly had happened. When she pulled up the records, they had mention of the housekeeping incidents, but apparently the front desk chose to hide the double booking incident, because it was not in the material she pulled up. • I requested the general manager contact me. She said she would not relay that message, but that I could call back later.This is later and I would like to hear from the general manager. I recently left a message on his machine and am now awaiting his call.	
Nov 2 2009 	Pretty darn awful	From the perspective of a perennial conference attendee who dabbles in some gambling but is here because she has to be and is intending on enjoying a pampered mini-vacation:The good: The entry-level room was a hulking 600 + sq. feet. There were nice electronically controlled shades, the recessed living room was kind of cool, and the marble counter-top lighting was pretty. The bathroom could have used a jetted tub, but it was huge and nicely appointed. Also, they gave out nice coupons for slot credit if you have their Club Grazie card, and I managed to turn my coupon into a modest profit.EVERYTHING ELSE SUCKED.Their service is the stuff of nightmares. I booked three nights using Egencia, a division of Expedia that our firm uses to book all our corporate travel. The Venetian erroneously believed I had booked only two nights. When I called Egencia and had them fax the Venetian people a receipt clearly stating I had booked and PREPAID for THREE nights, they still didn't get the message. I talked to at least three departments: the front desk, the reservations manager, and a group reservations department, who all seemed mystified. If they would talk to each other or check their fax machines once in a while, maybe they wouldn't be so confused. But after two phone calls at the hotel, one very frustrating conversation at the front desk, and yet one more phone call from home, I'm still waiting for them to do &quot;research.&quot; They promised to call me back, but after their embarrassing show of incompetence the first oh, four or five times that I explained this problem to them, I'm sort of doubtful, and I'm getting ready to just dispute the charge straight through my Chase credit card. Especially noteworthy:-The front desk agents had AWFUL attitude and were condescending and impatient. They made it seem like MY fault that this problem had occurred, and were insistent that it was MY mistake. They treated me like I didn't know what I was talking about and was there just to make trouble, even though I have already wasted hours of my life that I will never get back trying to resolve this.- No one there seemed to know what Egencia was. Hello? Egencia is a fairly common place corporate booking service. I've used them for a while and they are quite on the top of their game. I am convinced that the problem is on the Venetian's end, not Egencia's end. If the Venetian wants their bread and butter, which is conventioneers, to still appear on their doorsteps every now and then, they better get it together!- My colleague who was also there for a conference also got charged an extra night. So clearly, they've got some sort of data input problem going on.- What's up with the pervasive Febreeze smell that's overwhelming the air everywhere? I smell it immediately when I enter and am reminded of a public toilet. Not good for the classy image they're trying to sell.- Finally, for the love of God, they need to play something other than sound clips from their Phantom of the Opera show in the elevator. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this musical, having seen it both in New York and in Cleveland, but if I have to hear their mediocre rendition of &quot;Music of the Night&quot; one more time, I'm going to lose it.Bottom line: stay away! There are plenty of other similarly priced and better run options on the strip, and if you want a truly relaxing experience, try something off strip that's non-gaming, like the Trump or the Platinum. At least there, you won't be run over by all the inebriated slot machine zombies or be forced to inhale days-old second hand smoke.	
Nov 2 2009 	Wonderful experience at a great hotel	We stayed for two nights as a get-a-way from the kids and had a wonderful time. The rooms are amazingly large, with a separate sitting area. We loved the whole look and feel of the hotel. We would definitely go back.	
Nov 1 2009 	THe Venetian was wonderful!	The room was very spacious, clean. The bed was super comfortable. Staff was great. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone. Anyone time I go back to Vegas, I will stay here.	
Nov 1 2009 	loved the ventian	we have just returned from 5 nights at the venetian and will definately be returning. this is a beautiful hotel !!! our suite was the standard option and was amazing for what we paid. the suite very spacious, nicely decorated and was a perfect place to rest up after enjoying all the fun things vegas has to offer. the bed was comfortable, there 3 tv's in the suite, 1 of which was in the bathroom, the shower was good and there was plenty of hot water at all times. we found all the staff we dealt with to be friendly an attentive. there are plenty of restaurants, bars and clubs within the hotel to keep you entertained for the duration of your stay without you having to venture elsewhere ( we did, but didn't need to) we tried out a couple of the restaurants sushi samba and an italian in the square which were both great and for a quick option there is the food court which has a good selection of fast food. lavo was a nice bar &amp; club. we preferred the casino at the palazzo, but the one in the ventian was fine. drinking in the bars at the casino can be pricey - around 12 - 14 dollars for a cocktail &amp; 7 -8 for a beer. u can get free drinks if ur gambling tho. one of the things we would absolutely recommend is seeing phantom which has shows every night except for sunday. it was fab !!! the ventian had a theatre built esp for the show so it is spectacular. we loved our time at this hotel and cannot recommend it enough.	
Nov 1 2009 	A lot of hotel for your money	Stayed here for 6 nights and at the rate of £85 per night i thought it was great value. (well compared to Europe)Lovely view out of the windows, suite was very relaxing and had everything we wanted.I found the staff very helpful and friendly. We did have two phone books in our room in the cupboard at the end of the bed. So the previous poster must have a room where they had been removed.Had a lovely dinner in the restaurant that name starts with the letter L. The table overlooked the canal. The set price 4 course dinner with coffee was 39 dollars. This was well worth it.The only down side was staff trying to give away free shows if you went to see some sort of time share. But we had this in the Golden Nugget as well. Also the 1 dollar charge to make a local call. Beware that the sun does not reach the pools at this time of year until 1.45. The only part of the pool area that does have sun at this time of day is reserved as a day time night club for bright young things that like very loud music at a 20 dollar per day extra charge.	
Nov 1 2009 	A mixed review	My stay at the Venetian didn't start well, but it improved as I got used to the place. Didn't have to wait too long to check in, but we were not given clear directions to get to the guest elevators (and it is a big, confusing, noisy place when you first arrive). So we ended up in the middle of the casino with our suitcases, completely lost. Eventually got to our suite, which was on the 26th floor, so had a great view. However, the decor looked dull and dingy, the sofa cushions were worn, had buttons missing and needed replacing, and the room was not clean. There was a thick layer of dust on the dining table, and debris (beer can/litter/room keys) left over from a previous guest. The two things I disliked most were the awful sickly smell in the casino and shopping mall, and the poor lighting in the suite. I have never before stayed in a hotel where the bedside lights for a double bed were not controlled independently. Either both bedside lights were on, or neither of them. The lighting in the suite was also inadequate.On a more positive note, the bathroom was well-lit and spacious, with lots of towels and toiletries. Didn't see the point of the bathroom TV as you couldn't see it if you were using the bath! One of the highlights of the trip was the pool area, which was fantastic, and the robes in the wardrobe were useful for going to and from the pool. In the mornings, we collected coffee and pastries from Tintoretto's Bakery in the Grand Canal area, which we took back to our room. We also had a good meal at the Grand Lux cafe, which serves very large portions.The decor in the Venetian is great fun, very luxurious and OTT, but you can see most of it without actually having to stay there. So I think I would look elsewhere for somewhere to stay if I return to Vegas.	
Oct 31 2009 	Never Again.....	This was visually the most amazing hotel i have ever been in. Unfortunatly, this is where the positives ended.Our reservations was cancelled, we paid twice, we were locked out of our room, we were repeatedly lied to by desk staff and spent longer in line than at any line in Disneyland.We are still owed money that they refuse to refund. Don't take the risk - try one of the other hotels.	
Oct 30 2009 	All glitz no service	This was trip number 4 in 4 years with my sisters and myseff. We stay for 5days 4 nights. We always stay the first two nights at the Riviera which has been my favorite hotel since the first time we stayed there. It is old but nice, very easy to manuver around and no one gets lost. The staff is very friendly and the rooms are a very good deal for the price. We do not spend much time in our room so we do not need it to be very fancy. Beds were pretty hard but when you stay up and play and walk around all day you can fall asleep pretty easily when you hit your room.The food is average for a buffett but Kadys coffee shop has a great steak for $12.99 that you put it up against the best , biggest or most fancy hotel in Vegas and it would win hands down. Now for the next two nights at the Venetian........the worst two days we have spent anywhere. The rooms were a big let down to me... it is not as big as it looks on the internet and everything is crammed into a small space. They have robes hanging in the closet which are for your use but they are so scratchy we didn't use them. Not high quality at all ,kind of like KMart. If you go to just stay in your room and watch T.V on flatscreen then you will probably be in heaven because there are three T. V's in the suite. The beds were the only thing that was good about the room at all. Very comfortable and easy to just fall asleep fast.We did not eat at any of the restaurants because they were all way overpriced. The machines were very tight and none of us won anything. We played in a certain area in the casino which was right by the entrance off the main hall from all the elevators, and we did not get offered any drinks for the two hours we sat at our machines. In fact if the hostess had brought us one there would have been no place to sit it. The area to sit drinks in was full of dirty glasses and a full ashtray that looked like it had not been emptied all day. The staff was rude when we asked for directions to anywhere in the hotel ,they just pointed the way to go and said there would be someone to help us down the next hallway. I would never stay at this hotel and I would not reccomend it to anyone who was not planning of stayig in their room and sleeping the whole time they are in Vegas and we all know that is really why most people go to Vegas...yea!!!!!!!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Best Hotel EVER!! FANTASTIC ROOM!!	My boyfriend and I just got back from a 5 day stay in the Ventian. Let me Just tell you it went above and beyond any expectations we had! Best room Ive ever stayed in, well worth the money. Friendly front desk clerks, helpful concierge, great casino...I could go on and on!! Only a couple bad things, that were really not to bad but just simply annoying....There is no phone books in the rooms. We needed a rental car because the rental car place in the hotel was out of cars, so we went on a 45 minute search for a phone book. They also charge you a dollar per local call which I thought was rediculaous considering it is free for local calls. We really liked the security, always felt like our rooms were safe. Best beds ever! Feather comforter and pillows, best sleep we've ever had. Loved the tv in the bathroom, and the seperate room for the toilet. No problem with check in or check out. Wonderful , will be staying again our next trip to Vegas!	
Oct 29 2009 	5 star bargain	I approached the Venetian with some nervousness as the recreation of Venice in the Nevada desert seemed pretty silly. It still seems pretty silly but, bearing in mind this is Las Vegas after all, its hard not to be impressed by the place. Its completely over the top and the interiors are probably French and not Italian but the quality of it stands out in the rooms and the public areas. Combined with outstanding service and a great selection of restaurants its a classy place to stay in Vegas. With the absurdly cheap rates on offer at the moment its also great value.	
Oct 29 2009 	amazing hotel that will blow you away	we upgraded to a venezia suite and it was so great, the hotel is huge you could spend a week at this hotel alone and not see all of it, well worth the extra money if staying in vegas, it is so stunning and you can't help but feel amazed at every corner, the staff are wonderfull and helpfull and come into your room twice a day once to clean and fill up bathroom bits and once at night to offer a turn down service. restaurants are great would recoment pinot brasserie had a private dinner there, the food oh my god so very very good. best location on the strip slap bang in the middle of everything believe me you don't want to be stuck down one end of the strip its a long walk	
Oct 29 2009 	Delightful	I enjoyed my stay at the Venetian. My basic room was huge along with the bathroom. The perfume can be a bit overbearing but not terrible. Loved all the little shops in the hotel. Overall I would stay here again.	
Oct 29 2009 	I'm in love with this hotel!! Best stay ever.	Booked the room via a travelagency and got a really good price for it. When we arrived, we got an upgrade with a bit of a view. We could see the Treasure Island, the pool area and the mountains. Unfortunately, there was a contruction right in front of us, but we didn't mind. Our room was on the 22nd floor, so the view was quite good!The hotel itself is huge, everything takes long, getting from A to B. But when you're on a vacation, you have time, don't you?Oh, and the scent.. I don't know what it is, but I loved it!! You could buy it at their shop, we didn't do that, and I regret it. It's not in the rooms, but as soon as you get in the hotel, casino or shopping areas, it is everywhere. Well, I loved the scent, but I can imagine, that some people might not like it.We only had breakfast to go from the coffee shop on the 2nd floor. Coffee bean and tea leaf. Good coffee fo agood price. But don't touch the bananas and yogurts - that makes it expensive right away..The staff is great, very helpful. The concierge great.Next time in Vegas, I defenitely want to stay in this hotel!By the way: On our last night on the trip we stayed at the Ritz in LA (MArina del Ray) and that was quite disappointing, if you've been here before.. The Venitian is just WOW!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Very Pleased	Stayed here the 2nd week of October 2009. I was very pleased with the Venetian, it seemed to be right on the money for what I was looking for. Booked through expedia and got a ridiculously low rate, also signed up for their Grazie club online and got the free 15 in slot play. The rooms were great, no sign of aging or wear in my room or my parents adjoining room either. Bathroom was marvelous, bed was very soft with great blankets (usually a problem since my husband is the air conditioning king), nice sitting area with table and sofa so you could plan your day. However, don't count on any fridge space, it's loaded with expensive alcohol that you can't move or else you pay for it (sensored for tampering), I didn't check into if you could get a fridge sent up, just don't count on the one in the room. The provided soaps in the bathroom smell awesome, use them!At check in I was provided with coupons, I used 2, free slot play and free drinks at Lavo. The free slot was a 30? dollar credit that I won/lost with for about an hour and then cashed out when it was at 15, can't complain about free money! The Lavo bar was very nice and classy, just showed up with the coupon and was able to get 2 drinks, just left a tip, worked easily and who can complain about more free stuff? You have to go to the Grazie desk to get your free play and card, make sure you go at a random time (late, like 2 am) if you don't want to wait in line, if you see no line in passing go then because it wont stay that way.Only thing that I have to agree with the complainers on is the smell in the casino, when I first arrived I thought I would choke but by the 2nd/3rd day I was usto it. And the rooms don't smell at all so don't fret!	
Oct 28 2009 	Five Stars in virtually every way! Spectacular Hotel!	My wife and I stayed at the Venetian Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, NV in October of 2009. The Hotel is absolutely amazing in just about every way. Reading some of the reviews here, people said it was too big, or had too many rooms for the staff to really care about you, but that is being very petty. We had no trouble at all with the staff and unless you are a grouch then you understand that in Vegas bigger is better. Our suite was big and clean. The bathroom had a tub and glass stand up shower, a large vanity with two sinks, the toilet was separated with a door. The bathroom also had a small TV and came with a makeup mirror and blow dryer. The bedroom area had a wonderfully huge bed that was amazing to sleep on and a wall mounted flat screen TV. The living room area had a big couch, coffee table, TV stand with another flat screen, mini bar, safe, office area, fax machine, internet access, and seating for three at a small dining table. Our window had remote controlled shades and although we had a room with our window facing opposite the strip (you could see parts of the roofs of the Shopping area), we had an amazing view of the mountains and houses that were lit up at night. Maid service was no problem, plenty of towels, etc. We didn't get room service and we didn't use the mini bar at all. The mini bar prices were obviously very high ($7 for a Heineken, $5 for a small Sprite). We had a safe which was convenient and you are able to make your own 4 digit code for it. We were offered a view of the Strip as an upgrade but declined it because they wanted $35 extra per night.As for the Hotel, Casino, and Shops making it seem like the entire complex was too large, we really didn't feel that way. We did get lost for a minute, but there are plenty of workers who can help you find your way around. The waitresses at the casino are always around to offer you drinks on the house and the dealers will advise you if you need help at a table game. They have a poker room and slots that go from a penny to $100 per spin. Most of the table games are just like any other strip casino and there really wasn't any night that was overly crowded in the casino (it was October).The Shops are for the most part on the high end of the price range, but if you are willing to spend money you can get some great stuff. They have plenty of clothing, jewelry, watches, antiques, books, food, etc. They also have some reasonably priced items here and there, but don't be shocked because it is a high end Hotel, so there are clothing stores where a shirt will cost $300 and a pair of shoes might cost $500.There is also a Gondola ride inside (and outside). They have people who stay in character as they guide you on the ride and even sing. Our woman had a very nice voice and was very friendly. The ride takes about 15 minutes or so and there usually is only a small wait to get to ride one. There are also a few high end nightclubs in the Hotel (on Fri and Sat they had very long lines to get in!)Part of the hotel has a Wax Museum which we visited. It was nice and fun to take pictures throughout but it didn't seem to be that big. We went early in the morning and were one of the first people in and it only took us less than 30 minutes to go thru the whole thing.The restaurants are plentiful inside the Venetian (and the adjoining Palazzo). We ate at Dal Toro's, the Grand Lux Cafe and Emeril's Stadium as well as a bunch of little eatery's like the deli's and doughnut places. The restaurants prices aren't really that high. At the three above named places the bills were well under $100 dollars for two meals, sodas, and appetizers (we didn't get alcohol with our meals, as alcohol can be very expensive anywhere on the strip!!).Overall the Hotel/Complex was clean, not too busy and amazingly beautiful. Everywhere you look, it's a sight to see with columns, statues, painted ceilings, wonderful architecture, waterfalls, etc.My wife had a massage at the Venetian's Canyon Ranch Spa. She loved it. It cost $160 for 50 minutes and she gave a $20 tip. The Spa stuff was very high priced, but they had virtually everything you could want from massages, to facials, haircuts, makeup, waxing, etc. They also had a full gym, rock wall, and personal trainers for additional prices.The pool area was nice (I believe there are several pools, but we visited just one). There were a ton of lounge chairs, towels and some cabanas. The pool is large, but goes to just a depth of 4 feet so there is no slide or diving. There are also a few hot tubs.As with any strip hotel, be prepared to give everyone a tip for anything they do from bellhops, to waitresses, to bartenders, cabbies, dealers, doormen.You can always get a cab as there are lines of them waiting to pick you up as soon as you walk out of the door and in every store that you walk into people there are very friendly (obviously they want to make commissions on sales), but none seemed too pushy.Well that's my take on the Venetian. I would give it 5 Stars in just about every way and we really had no major issues at all.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great experience	Nice, clean and beautiful place to stay with kids. But I felt Vegas is not for kids. Hotel staff was nice. Would recommend. Near the strip and on the nice location as hotels near Bellagio are always crowded.	
Oct 28 2009 	Heaven	The Venetian is by no means a cheap hotel, from the moment you walk in you are inundated with luxury. Though we almost needed a map to find our way around we loved this hotel. The rooms, and we managed to get interconnecting rooms which was great, were gorgeous &amp; had everything you could possibly want. There was no shortage of pools at the hotel to lounge by, and plenty of great food and drink options. No free internet in the rooms which was annoying, you had to walk to a communal area which was a downside. All in all a wonderful hotel in a very fun city!	
Oct 27 2009 	second honeymoon for kids	Took the trip with our kids, so they could attend a wedding at a nearby hotel. We also wanted to give them a nice, second honeymoon. Both of us had nice suites. The kids loved their room, though they didn't have much of a scenic view, as their room overlooked the parking area, but our room overlooked the pools and we could see part of the strip. The suite has two or three steps that separate the living area from the bedroom. Very spacious bathrooms, that are very lovely! They have a beautiful mall with wonderful restaurants and they have the Venetian gondola rides. Our gondolier sang &quot;It's Time to Say Goodbye,&quot; to us as we were on our ride and explained to us what the song was about. Great stay!	
Oct 27 2009 	By far the best hotel on 'The Strip'	This place is pure luxury. The staff so polite, friendly and helpful. The rooms 'out of this world'. The casino brilliant. ALL I CAN SAY IS 10 out of 10. Absolutly loved it and can not wait no go back.	
Oct 27 2009 	fantastic hotel	The venetian is a wonderful hotel with the best food options on the strip, there are so many restaurants/food courtsetc that you are spoiled for choice and can never get round to them all. You can also walk into the Palazzo and go to the restaurants and shops there also.The food is not cheap but well worth it, not one bad meal (unlike Bellagio's Circo where we went for our wedding anniversary meal and It had to be sent back, uncooked chicken is not appealing and the staff weren't even concerned- they did offer a complimentary desert but I'd seen other peoples and wouldn't bother! This is not because we have an axe to grind but the truth.Venetian is first class but vast so be prepared for long walks, housekeeping not that efficient unfortunately, they knocked over several toiletries, left cleaning materials around the room, forgot to replace towels etc.Front of desk staff very good and efficient check in and out was quick and they were pleasant and competent.Overall though this really is one of the best touristy hotels on the strip with the best selection of shops and restaurants you could ever want, suites were v.nice but hunt around to get a good deal and it is a pricey hotel but the deals are out there! Try Destinology.com where we got the best rate. Not all rooms have a great view ours didn't but then we went out a lot. Pool areas are v nice indeed.Staff v helpful when I left something behind and should be sending it back to me which shows they are honest !Only criticism was the band, dodgy singing and v scantily clad dancers in a lounge bar...not very classy to say the least! but that's Vegas....Staff in the named restaurants can be a bit arrogant, the staff in the Grand Luxe Cafe were exceptional in every way, fast polite and always with a smile, very good value for money and huge portions. Not so keen on the TAO as they acted as though they were doing you a favour...not impressed with this but the food was Ok, had better thai food elswhere.	
Oct 27 2009 	Beautiful hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights, we checked in at 11am and there was a queue for check-in but it was very organized and took less than five minutes for our turn to come around, we did get asked if we wanted to upgrade our room but we refused and still got a great room on the 24th floor rm132 which had a pool and mountain view. We had a king size bed which was very comfortable and both the bedroom and bathroom were huge, there were 3 flat screen tv's , 1 in living area, 1 in bedroom and 1 in bathroom.The grand canal shops were great to browse in and we had a lovely meal in Delmonico's which was pricey but delicious.Some people have talked about a strong odour like freshener but i can't say i noticed this . We went to see the Jersey Boys in the Palazzo next door and the show was amazing, we also saw Bette Midler at Ceasers Palace which was also excellent.We took a trip to the south rim of the Grand Canyon using www.Lasvegasgrandcanyontours.com we flew over with vision airlines who were extremely professional and i would highly recommend them.We opted for a late check out as our flight home wasn't til 22.45pm this cost us half room rate but was worth it. I have never been to Vegas before but would love to go back and would use the Venetian again	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Rooms	First let me say i have stayed at all the top strip hotels in Vegas. These rooms are awsome ! Very large and comfy, roomy . Large bathroom and seperate shower. TVs everywhere in this all suite hotel rooms. Awsome bed and living room. Liked it better then Belligio and Wynns rooms. Pool complex nice but has some funky shadows . Better then most pool complexes which the exception of MGM and Hard Rock which have the best pools. We didnt however do well in the casino at all but could have just been bad luck. Good food options everywhere in the complex. Stayed two nights for free on a offer.. So spent 1k first night and 5 hundred the next in the casino.. Only been there once and they send offers for 3 or 4 free nights and slot tournys every month now.. Will go back for the rooms but didnt like the layout of the casino. not enough Video poker bars with .25 play. $1 poker gos to fast. Will try again only on free offers which they send all the time. Summary. The good: Rooms awsome, Good Pools, Good Food options, Big Vegas Entertainment, Aswome site seeing and complex decor .The bad : Needs more .25 video poker, we didnt win anything	
Oct 26 2009 	Room Servicing Needs Attention	We were with friends and had connecting rooms. Between the two rooms, the following things occurred: not enough towels; no soap; no shampoo or conditioner; stale mini-bar products; room not cleaned at all one day , even after repeated calls. Suites were shabby chic: worn, stringy carpet, blue spot on one comforter, brown spot on other comforter.Very friendly and helpful staff. Great room service food and service. Incredibly comfortable beds. Wonderful tub and shower. We had a great time and the little things that weren't attended to didn't dampen our fun. However, we wouldn't make the Venetian our first choice next time . . . because of those little things.And . . . why don't the suites have coffee pots???? Other friends staying there went and bought their own pot and coffee so they could enjoy their quiet morning as and how they wished.	
Oct 26 2009 	Wonderful Hotel service and cleanliness above approach	Will go back tomorrow without a doubt abd take my wife, she wil love the place and the people :)	
Oct 25 2009 	wonderful italian luxury	We just returned from a five day stay in Vegas - our first. Since we love everything Italian, we chose the Venetian and were not disappointed. The whole place was beautiful and the room was large, with a livingroom area and a marble floored hall and bathroom. It was very comfortable and the only thing we could have wished for was a coffee pot. We had to trek downstairs every day for our first cup. Of course, everything is pretty pricey, but we alternated fine dining with the food court and the Cafe Grand Luxe where the prices were more reasonable.The only other thing we could complain about was the overpowering smell of deodorizer all over the hotel. Presumably this is to counteract the smoke from the casino, but none of the other luxury hotels on the strip seemed to have that problem. It was very unpleasant and, since we are both asthamtic, it bothered our breathing.If you like old European luxury, thisis the place for you.	
Oct 25 2009 	Venetian don't have to leave resort	Stayed for 4 nights Sunday to Thursday Purpose for trip we like penny slots and good drink service while we playThis casino hotel surpassed all previous 30 trips to Vegas from great rooms to housekeeping . .Stayed in Venezia room 6-608 s little walk to casino but the quietest room you could ask for .2 Queen beds sofa and huge bath nice to come back to.Have stayed at Flamingo Ballys Ceasars Paris but would recommend srend the few extra dollars to stay at VenentianComplaints\None	
Oct 25 2009 	amazing	most amazing hotel in vegasgreat position, beautiful rooms, great servicepicture perfect, spacious rooms and great amenitieswill be coming back next yearonly negative thing- if you have any problems with inscence u may not want to stay as they pump inscence through the lobby and it can be quite strong	
Oct 24 2009 	Lavish hotel	This is one plush hotel! We got an unbeatable deal for a double deluxe suite by trawling the internet for a few hours, well worth the time. The room was amazing. We were told on arrival that we could upgrade to a room with a view for an extra 50 euro per night, so glad we didn't because we actually had a wonderful view of the mountains instead. Don't drink the bottled water - it's 6 euro! Buy it iced on the street for 1 euro.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellant hotel and great service	I stayed here for about 5 days me and a buddy went down to Vegas to party this hotel is very nice, the service is amazing and its an overall great hotel. I would stay here depending on the price, we got a good deal, but I would say most hotels over 4 star in vegas are good to stay at and offer good service.The rooms are huge though a lot bigger then most rooms I have stayed at, I have stayed at the MGM before and these rooms were double the size.	
Oct 22 2009 	I'm not in Italy?	As with all of Vegas, you look around and see monuments from around the world. I was particularly impressed with the Venetian, even more so after traveling in Rome. The elegance and art of the hotel is unmatchable to any other casino I saw i. Our room was incredible, although much too big for our needs. I think you could spend less money and still get a really nice room. I wasn't a big fan of the French restaurant that was in the casino, and I didn't try any of the shows. I loved the fact that they had gondola rides, and if I go back, I'd take one. Overall, this upscale, modern hotel is incredible, and is a must see even if you don't stay there.	
Oct 22 2009 	5 Stars all the way	Wow! We had a suite at the Venetian and we could not have been more happier. The room was gorgeous and the bed was so comfortable. We couldnt hear any outside noise or hallway noise. The only few downfalls is that we dont like feather pillows and everything is so crazy expensive. Watch out when you order room service - they charge 18% for a service fee, and a deli fee and tax on top of that. What was a small amount of appetizers turned into a crazy room bill. But if you have the money to splurge, this is where to do it!	
Oct 20 2009 	A great hotel but…	We had a very good 3 nights stay at the Venetian. The room, oups sorry the suite, was very roomy (even having a basic one) and nice, with a large bathroom. At $225 per night, it’s a great deal ! Everything is really beautiful in this place, from the lobby to the Grand Canal Shoppes. Absolutely nothing to complain about valet, front desk or concierge guys, they all were very professional and friendly. We enjoyed a very good dinner at the Morel’s. Good food, good wines, good staff, just a bit overpriced (see below) But there was anyway a couple of negative things :- It doesn’t smell very good in the casino and lobby.- In-room breakfast stuffs were once still there when we came back at the end of the day, but room was however cleaned.- We had to choose between a smoking King bed room or a non smoking Queen bed …- There’s no light switch for all many lights in the room, it means that you have to switch off all of them separately- Very loud music 24/24 from Tao Club, could disturb a bit on morning.- Dollar is currently very cheap for Swiss people, but all restaurants (not only at Venetian) are very very pricy.- Keycard was often not working on the first (second, third, … ) attempt to open room door. A general problem apparently as we saw some neighbours undergoing same troubles. Well, my review may look mostly negative, but I’m only “complaining” about what I consider as minor details. All the most important things (room, casino, restaurants, staff, global infrastructure) were very good !	
Oct 20 2009 	Fabulous!	The hotel rooms are gorgeous and huge. We loved the separate area with couch and TV. The bathroom was large and well appointed. We loved the location and the restaurants. Plus, the shopping was amazing. The pool area got a little crowded but if you got there before 11, you could grab a comfy lounge chair.	
Oct 20 2009 	Fantastic !!!	The best I have ever stayed in ! Service is perfect in all aspects ! The room incredible! Every things is wonderful !	
Oct 20 2009 	Hotel was lovely restuarant not so good	My wife and I stayed at this beautfully appointed Hotel for the weekend. We had a great time, the check in line was long, but it is a big hotel. We were upgraded to a strip view room (our 10th anniversary) which was appreciated. Rooms are spacious, clean and have all the mod cons. It was a little dark in the rooms, even with all the lights on, just an observation. All the other areas of the Hotel are clean and give an air of opulence. My only criticsm is the restaurant in the square, proudly boasting the food creation of Wolfgang Putz. It was overpriced and failed to deliver anywhere near the food quality I expect. The salad leaves were limp, the food luke warm, and the service was very avaerage. This did not affect our overall stay, but it was very dissapointing. Overall, a great hotel, with a very central location. One other piece of advice, the pool area does get busy and noisey at the weekends. We didnt mind, but if you wanted to relax, you may want to try somewhere a little less crowded.	
Oct 20 2009 	Amazing hotel	This is an amazing hotel, the decor is very beautiful, We stayed in a queen size suite, which had a living area and 2 large plasma T.V's ( not that we watched them much there was too much to do), the bathroom was spotlessly clean with a sunken bath and separate glass shower. We paid and extra $35 per night to get a quite room which was well worth it as I had heard some of the rooms overlooking the strip could be quite noisy. We went to two of the shows in the hotel, the Phantom of the opera and the blue man show both were well worth the money and a walk around the Grand Canal shopping area is an experience. I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2009 	once again an experience	I've already stayed at the venetian 2 years ago while on a business travel, this time I came back to the venetian with my girlfriend and it was as expected a great experience for both of us, friendly staff, overall GREAT service, the rooms are amazing.	
Oct 17 2009 	More than we expected	Just came back yesterday from Venetian and my husband and I loved every minute of it. Staff were efficient and nice, we felt welcomed and special. Room service was fast, one time we were not available for housekeeping and just needed towels for the next morning, it took just 10 minutes to get the towels. Bed was comfortable and room was clean. Nice view from the 26th floor on the golf course and mountains. Wine bottle opener and glasses were available, bathrobes, hairdryer, shower gel, soaps and lotions smelled nice. Sensor in mini fridge and on candy shelf, so make sure not to touch anything or you'll be charged. Close to everything, we took the Deuce bus ($3 - exact change) to get to south of strip and walked our way back to hotel and took magnificient pictures. The only negative thing I would say about this hotel is the nasty perfume smell. I have a sensitive nose and felt nauseous most of the time. We liked the noodles restaurant in casino and the Lux cafe for breakfast. Took a cab from airport to hotel, about $19.50. Took a shuttle on our way back for $6 per person.Walgreen adjacent to hotel, very well appreciated. Denny's restaurant close by for those on a budget. There is also a Mc Donalds. We would go back for sure and would warmly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Oct 17 2009 	Happy with our stay...but the smell has to go!	Got a pretty decent deal with air and hotel through WestJet. Check in guy was nice and although there was a line, we only waited about 5-10 minutes. Said he'd give us a room with a view if we &quot;took care of him&quot; aka gave him some money. My boyfriend slipped him a $20. I've heard that none of the rooms have a good view of the Strip. Our &quot;view&quot; on the 23rd floor had mountains in the background, view of the pool, Treasure Island and an eyesore construction site between us and the mountains. I'm sure it'll be much nicer once the construction is finished. It was our first time staying there, so I can't really comment on the other views you could get. I know a lot of people complain about the distance to get to the rooms. I think this is especially true if you stay in the Venezia tower. To get to our room we had to go through the casino, up an elevator and down a corridor. Probably took us about 5 minutes to walk from the front door to the room. Not bad if you're healthy and don't mind walking, but I don't think my parents would love it. The hotel provides an ironing board and hair dryer, but no coffee maker. Everything costs extra in this hotel (mini fridge, internet, local phone calls). Don't touch anything at the bar by the TV unless you want to buy it. A bottle of water is $7. We did end up getting room service for one night. Just ordered some comfort food (French onion soup, mozza sticks, and mashed potatoes) and the bill came to $40 with tip. The Grand Lux Cafe downstairs is a good place to eat. Just so you know, nothing that tastes decent is cheap on the Strip, although there are plenty of fast food type options around. Grand Lux Cafe has a breakfast buffet for about $15 and the rest of their food looked great. If I stay at the Venetian again, I'll probably eat there every day. For snacks and water I'd go to Walgreens right beside the Venetian. For liquor, if you walk or take The Deuce towards the Stratosphere tower on the Strip there's a cheap liquor store about half a mile down. To keep our things cool, we just filled one of the sinks in our bathroom up with ice. Perfect, and way cheaper than renting a fridge! As others have said, the strong perfume smell is pretty nasty and permeates the lobby and casino. Luckily, I didn't have the strong smell in my hotel room.If you're the type of person who likes to hang out in your hotel room and relax for a portion of your trip, I'd recommend the Venetian. If you want to gamble at the different Casino's on the strip all the time and won't be in your room for long, maybe a different hotel would be better and cheaper for you. Overall, we were happy with our stay and liked the service. I wouldn't say the staff really went above and beyond, but everyone was helpful and friendly enough. I feel like I got what I paid for.	
Oct 17 2009 	Party central	We had an awesome time. Went to Vegas to celebrate a 40th with sister &amp; brother-in-law &amp; friends. If you do anything, go to Tao Beach for a day. It's not for children or those looking for a quiet spot to get some rays. It's a super-fun, super-sexy pool party!! We paid for a nice room beside my sister, and at check-in my b-in-law reminded them we requested rooms beside each other, but it did not happen. We were booked in for 5 nights, so when we discovered our room was facing a bland hotel I complained, and they happily moved us the next day to one with a great view, but still not closer to my sister. Not to worry, we had a fabulous time anyway :) The only downer was the health club/spa facilities were not included in the room price.	
Oct 17 2009 	Enjoyable stay	Cons - not much - long lineup for checkin as it took us 30 mins around 4 pm, but there were more than 12 staff members at the desk- seemed the same on other days as well. The checkout has its own line you so there isn't a long wait and you can also do the express check out in a mail drop box if your realy pressed for time.Main Venetian pool doesn't get any sun until early afternoon (at least 2pm), the second pool had some sun shortly after noon but you can use the Palazzo pool that has sun around 9 am.----------After 10 years of being open, it still looks very clean and nice...the only hotel that looked nicer was the Wynn but that one was just recently built.Our Room on the 24 floor was the basic suite and it was plenty big for 2 people with a large bathroom (tv and great complimentary bathroom products), king bed (with a second tv) and spacious sitting area with a couch and a third tv.Automatic blinds were handy, the bed was very comfy, the bath robes came in handy and overall our room was very quiet...no real late night noise but we stayed Sun-thurs.Although some might find it a little bothersome, I liked the fact that you had to show your room card to security to access the elevators to your room at the elevator ground floor...this kept out people that shouldn't be there.The hotel itself is at the north most of the south strip which makes it a little less busy then say Caesars Palace which is just about a 10 minute walk south. there is a good Asian noodle restaurant we tried on the mainfloor in the casino area and the upstair's food court is great for inexpensive breakfast or lunch...there are also a few much nicer restaurants that we didn't try but they seemed really nice. You also have a Walgreens just outside the Hotel which can come in handy.The second floor Shopping Grand Canal was very interesting...not quite like Venice last year, but the indoor canal is pretty nice if you haven't been to Venice.	
Oct 16 2009 	5 STARS	could not be any better. Staff was great. Restaurants in hotel were fantastic. My first time in sin city and it was over the top fun. You don't have to gamble to have a great time.	
Oct 15 2009 	Like a giant Italian glade plug in	Have you ever been to a house that has cats..lots of cats and you wonder to yourself how can they not notice the house just has an overwhelming smell of pee.wELL... Welcome to the Vegas Ventian, where the smell of cheap pumped in perfume is just simply overbearing at the checkin and shop entrances. Seriously folks if you have any kind of scent allergy you need to stay away from this place. I asked at the front desk not to spray down my room anymore with the same scent and was told&quot; if I had ever been to venice I would know that they have flowers everywhere that smell exactly the same&quot;... I responded well venice has raw sewage and stale water in its canals whats your excuse?	
Oct 15 2009 	Enjoyed our stay at the Venetian	We stayed at the Venetian Oct 6 to 10, 2009. We had a luxury suite with the most comfortable king bed, which is actually their lead in room. It was very large and very comfortable. Huge bathroom with seperate shower, bathtub, double sinks, vanity table, Sunken living room with sofa (sofa looked very worn - I was a bit surprised at this) and a small dining table with chairs and a nice size desk. We arrived several hours prior to check in and we were able to get our room without a problem and I found the front desk staff to be quite friendly. A view of the strip was offered to us at an additional cost, we decided to forgo the view and we ended up with a view of the pool which was fine. On arrival in our room we realized that many of the numbers on the safe were not working. Maintenance was sent quickly to our room to replace it. The location of the hotel on the strip is excellent , right across from Treasure Island and Mirage. The hotel is huge, with many corridors and it is easy to get disoriented. There is a strong perfume scent that is sprayed in the lobby, this can be very overwhelming and not reccommended if you have allergies.The Grand Canal shops are expensive but nice, there is a food court in amongst the shops with very reasonable meals (the noodle place is great) We ate at the Canalletto Restaurant in the shops area, it was pricey but the food was good (especially the Apple Crepes with green apple sorbet and caramel....mmmm)There is also a food court/cafe area within the hotel, the sandwiches were wonderful and the gelato at Cocolini is a must try!! The most flavours I have ever seen!!There is a small breakfast buffet (small but adequate) My only issues with this hotel were the following: You must use the latch on the door, as housekeeping is opening your door as they knock on it. You have no time to answer them before they are in your room - use the latch!!If you are playing at their Casino, be prepared to wait a while for a drink - a few times we had to pay for drinks at the barThere is no where to print up a boarding pass, you must get concierge to do it or pay for the internet in your room Overall we enjoyed our stay at this hotel , and Vegas is a must visit!! You must do the buffet at the Bellagio, if you can try to do the Champagne brunch at the Bellagio on Saturdays and Sundays - worth the money - tons of selection If you can try to see a show while there, until October 31st Cirque has specials on their official website , you buy one ticket you get the 2nd for $25.00. We saw &quot;O&quot; and absolutely loved it	
Oct 15 2009 	Still One of the Best	The Venetion is still one of my favorite resort on the strip, the other being TheHotel. Compared to the Encore which we stayed at earlier this year, the Venetion &quot;feels&quot; roomier even if the sqare footage may not refect that. Two TV is a nice touch. My daughter loved the automatic curtain. Convenient self-parking is a big plus for me.	
Oct 14 2009 	Bellissimo! We loved the Venetian."	Just got back from a whirlwind six night stay in Vegas. Our experience at the Venetian was fantastic! From the suite-sized standard room on the 32nd floor we had terrific views of a mountain range to the city's east. This 'city' within a hotel is massive. It takes a while to find your bearings in the hotel, but after a day or two the layout starts to make sense. Last year my girlfriend and I spent time in Venice and loved it. To our surprise the Venetian's decor, attention to detail and architecture helped transport us back to Italy. The staff was quite friendly and helpful. We visited many of the other hotels/casinos on the strip...while the other places are nice we were so happy with our choice. If you like Mexican food do try Dos Cominos in the hotel. We had one of our best meals there during our stay. We liked the fact that the casino does not dominate the Venetian. In fact, we never gambled a penny during our stay in Vegas. Plenty of shops to choose from in the hotel. Remember to get the gelato in St. Mark's Square. You won't be disappointed staying at the Venetian. We can't wait to return.	
Oct 14 2009 	Gorgeous hotel...only one or two grumbles	The Venetian hotel is amazing- one of the nicest hotels on the Strip by far. We checked in at around 10.00pm so there were no big queues and we were dealt with relatively quickly.Our suite was in the Venezia tower on Floor 4 - facing the back end of the building so needless to say - NO VIEW! But as we were going to get charged $50 a night more for a strip view - decided that this money would be better spent on enjoying ourselves. It can also take a while to walk to the rooms from the Venetian (2 elevators and countless corridors) so it would not be suitable for someone with limited mobility.The suites are gorgeous and the hotel restaurants are great. Its location on the strip is brilliant - it is almost in the middle so nothing is that far away. Better choice than going for something at one end of the strip!My only slight grumble is that in a hotel so big, the service is very impersonal. You do get the impression that individual customer service is not that important and your problems are not dealt with as efficiently as you would like. The door knob on our door broke we we returned from shopping - on our way back out to the theatre and although we were in a rush, it took 2 phone calls (from the lobby) and about half an hour before the maintenance man arrived. And not even an apology - nothing!!That being said, Vegas is amazing! I would definitely like to go back as there is so much to do.. The Phantom at the Venetian is worth seeing but if you have to choose one show - see LOVE by Cirque de Soleil - amazing!	
Oct 13 2009 	A city within the city.	Great hotel, wonderful shoppes and boutiques, restaurants for every taste, the next best thing to Venice.	
Oct 13 2009 	Awesome place!	We loved our room at the Venetian- very cool bed and modern decor, sunken living room, tons of space and awesome big bathroom!!!!! The carpet in the halls are so cool! There is a hidden food court in the hotel if you don't want to eat at the 30+ restaurants they have. If you are debating on staying at the Palazzo or Venetian, they are actually connected inside, so you will be walking thru the Venetian and then all of a sudden there is a sign that says Palazzo and now you are there! We haven't stayed in or viewed the Palazzo rooms, but were so happy with the Venetian that I am not even tempted to pay more for the Pal. I've heard that they are basically the same (all owned by the same company).	
Oct 13 2009 	Beautiful Hotel But Overwhelming	Had a wonderful stay at the Venetian for my birthday. The hotel is very, very nice. Service was friendly! Only two negatives: 1) Lobbies and hallways are pumped with a heavy perfume scent. I'm not someone who has allergies but the smell burned my eyes and nose after a while. My friends stayed here a few months ago and said the same thing. I'm sure they infuse the halls with the scent to counter the smoke smell coming from the casino. However, it's just too much. It's just as bad as the smoke after a while! 2) The Venetian is almost too big for it's own good. We stayed on the Venezia side. But there is also the Venetian building and the Palazzo. It's big and confusing. I saw guests all the time wandering around wondering which direction to go in. Overall though, I would stay here again. The rooms and pools are gorgeous. I also spent some time at the Canyon Ranch Spa. Had a great time!	
Oct 13 2009 	Best in Vegas	We always travel to Vegas and our favorite resort is the Venetian.We´ve already stayed at the Bellagio and Wynn but nothing is better than the Venetian standard suite.It has the widest rooms and the most enchanting architecture.There´s nothing better than a 5 star hotel by the price of a 3 star hotel in Europe (we paided just 130 pounds a night for a great room)...it just happens in Vegas.	
Oct 13 2009 	Enjoyed Our Stay	I stayed at the Venetian Oct 9-12/09 in the Venezia tower room 11-517, which had a view of the pool. There were 4 of us in a 2 queen-bed suite, which had a sunken seating area. It was very spacious, 700 sq ft. The bathroom is a very good size with a water closet (with a phone in it) and a double sink vanity area. There is a makeup table with a nice lighted mirror and a blow dryer. The tub and separate shower are both spacious, and there is good water pressure in the shower. We had plenty of towels &amp; facecloths. But the basic amenities were somewhat lacking, such as soap, we only had one cake of soap, one very small bottle of shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and hand cream. There was no shaving gel or mouthwash provided. Also, they did not provide a laundry bag for dirty clothes as every other hotel that I have ever stayed in does. We had to request to have robes sent to our room as there weren't any upon arrival. They advertise the robes as &quot;plush&quot;, but they are anything but that. Overall, the room was for the most part clean, but just not up to the standard of what I was expecting for such an opulent hotel.There was a minibar, but no fridge or coffee maker. The prices of the minibar items can be called nothing short of highway robbery ($26 for a 500ml bottle of white wine). We did find that the price of wine in the gift shops was not too bad though, so you might want buy it there instead, just be sure to also buy a cork screw as one is not provided in the room.There are many restaurants to choose from, but we only tried Grand Lux Cafe and Tintorreto Bakery. We were very happy with both, the service was excellent, the food very good, and the prices were reasonable. The dinners at the Grand Lux are VERY generous, 2 of us shared 1 meal quite easily. The desserts were HUGE! The 4 of us could not finish the chocolate cake that we ordered.The property is massive (the biggest in Vegas) &amp; it is at times very confusing to navigate, better signage would definitely help. The grounds are absolutely beautiful and there are many pools to choose from (I lost count as to how many exactly).We had no problem with checkin or checkout, it was quick and the staff were pleasant &amp; accomodating. Room service was very good &amp; the wait time was minimal. The food we had, pizza and chicken quesadilla, was very good, but not cheap. Also be warned that if you choose to order drinks at the pools, it will end up costing close to $20/drink.I probably would not stay here again simply because the hotel is just too big for my tastes and it takes too long to get anywhere on the property, but it is a very beautiful hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	The Venetian Rocked!	Stayed at the Venetian after a long overseas business trip and it was well worth it. Me and my girlfriend stayed in a suite that was clean and VERY spacious. The bed was super comfy and the bathrooms were clean and well kept by the house staff. Had a view of the strip and pool area that was a plus. Purchased gym memberships at Canyon Ranch and I was surprised at how large the facility was. Many different restaurants to choose from, in addition to a large shopping area. Overall, this was not your typical &quot;party&quot; environment. I would say this was the best hotel experience I have had in Las Vegas. Definitley recommend this property to those looking for excellent service and a higher end property.	
Oct 12 2009 	Absolutely Amazing Experience	The hotel was beautiful. The entire staff was extremely accommodating. Everything was so clean and top of the line amenities. This was my very 1st trip to Vegas and it was the best hotel we visited there by far. Would love to go back again - soon.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel	We were staying here for two nights and had one of the basic suites. Room was spotlessly clean, of a great size and tastefully appointed. No complaints whatsoever, very pleasant stay. Needless to mention a huge number of excellent facilities within the Venetian/Palazzo complex. Would stay here again	
Oct 12 2009 	Large comfortable rooms	The room was a nice, large split-level suite with a view of the pool. One of the more comfortable hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas. Be carefully of the mini bar as it is sensor driven and you will be charged for anything you lift, but the hotel will install an extra fridge for you if you need it.	
Oct 12 2009 	Less than I expected	Beautiful Hotel! Room was clean and comfortable...although is was a little tired looking. Check in was very busy and we waited in line for about 20 minutes. Check in receptionist was not very friendly. We were traveling with my sister and her husband and when we asked if we could have rooms on the same floor she immediately said no...without even looking. My sister ended up on the 11th floor and ours was on the 24th. We ordered room service on our 2nd day. I was quoted 30 minute delivery time. After 2 additional phone calls to check on the status of our breakfast....it arrived an hour and a half later. They did comp it upon check out.At check out ...the receptionist did tell my husband that the hotel was at 98% occupancy so that probably explains the poor service.	
Oct 12 2009 	The only place to stay	This was a lovely themed hotel to stay. All the staff were extremely helpful and courteous. I visited all the other major hotels whilst I was in Vegas and my personal choice would still be the Venetian. I had a basic room which was huge, it had a lounge area which I never got chance to use and has the best location on the strip. I was a little hesitant when I checked in because I had read a few bad reviews, but I didn’t encounter anything that spoilt my stay there. Highly Recommended.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Service with a Smile	Seven of my Bridge sisters and I went there to celebrate my 70th birthday. It was all that I wished for and then some! The Venetian made us feel welcome and the service was great. Some of us went home wealthier and we all went home with good memories of what it's like to live lavishly. I had the VIP package complete with limousine to and from the airport...only way to go. Definitely would stay at The Venetian Hotel again to sample more of the great restaurants, entertainment, and shopping. The Grand Lux Cafe has cheesecake to die for and the service was great too! Never to old to be spoiled so nicely.	
Oct 11 2009 	Beautiful	We were in the venieza tower which is beautiful BUT takes a long time to get to the room as you have to take two lifts and walk a bit. the room was beautiful and I had no complaints. We had a complimentary continential breakfast which was beatiful pastries, coffee, juices and fruits. VERY NICE! The FREE valet car parking was a bonus.Only negative thing I would say would be that the pools closed on windy days (it did not appear windy to me) and no one could go to the pools or pool deck- frustrating.	
Oct 11 2009 	What an amazing hotel	We arrived and it was breathtaking. Then we got to the room it was the best room ever.Excellent location in the middle of the strip. Beware of people in the hotel who offer cheap tickets etc, they are selling timeshare.The pool area was fab and hardly anyone there, go to the pool in the pallazo for the quietiest pool area. The perfume can be overpowering. Nearly stayed in the Belliago but this was the best choice. Try the buffet in the Wynn is was amazing value and excellent food $18 for lunch.Well worth it. Also the reastaurants in the hotel are very well priced, the Mexican at the end of the canal cost £80 for two couses and drinks, cheapest meal we had.Use the deuce bus it was excellent value.Any questions about anything just email me.We done the Grand Canyon Sunset tour with grand adventures.com, it was amazing value for money and the trip was fantastic no wonder its ranked 1 for canyon tours!! Go on it!	
Oct 11 2009 	Great resort spacious rooms friendly staff overall good deal!	We took advantage of a summer special the Venetian were offering on their website, so it was $189/night plus gaming credits, buy-one-get-one-free cocktails, and discounts to a couple of their restaurants. Overall it was a great deal! The room was ideal for 4 women: separate living room with pull-out sofa bed, nice size bedroom w/ 2 queen beds, and a large bathroom with double sinks and separate shower/bathtub. We stayed in the Venetian tower, but I hear the Venezia and Palazzo towers were newer...but we were more than happy with our suite. Upon check-in everyone was helpful and friendly, despite it being a madhouse. The resort is huge; and to the directionally challenged, it involved a lot of asking for directions...but noone seemed put out to help. I was offered a day off of our resort tax (she told me to just come back down in the morning and say I wanted to add the resort tax, even though I had access to the fitness center, pool and internet already...so therefore I wasn't paying for my first night....she told me not to tell anyone) and the concierge gave us so many free passes and useful info it was ridiculous. I didn't pay for one single nightclub entrance nor stood in line our entire time there,I received a $25 Grazie card (their gaming card) as a part of our booking the room deal, but I had also pre-signed up for the gaming card online before the trip which they gave me $15 for, so I had a total of $40 to spend. I would suggest that everyone sign up for gaming cards for different resorts online before their trip because usually they will give you free money for doing so. And when you go to visit each resort (you don't have to stay there to get their gaming card) you can pick up your free money and gamble a bit. A friend won $200 off of a free $5 gaming card she got from the Paris Resort.Overall our Vegas trip was fun and a little pricey, but that was to be expected. Even though the Venetian was supposed to be a little more high end then some of the other resorts...their shopping, restaurants, etc., was no more pricier then anywhere else (and we checked out a lot of other resorts). OK, I do have one negative, The Venetian pumps in fresh air into their resort, as do all of the resorts, except the Venetian's air was scented. When you first walk into the resort you think &quot;Wow, it smells great in here!&quot;. But after five minutes you are overwhelmed with the very perfume-y smell. Everytime we left our room, our noses was assaulted by the strong, perfume air and after a while it bothered our sinuses and eyes. Some may have enjoyed it, but I found it to be overpowering. The good thing was that it wasn't inside your suite, nor inside the restaurants or shopping mall, so there were places you could retreat to if you didn't want to deal with smelling it.Overall, I would recommend everyone to stay in the Venetian at least once....and it is a must if you are traveling with a large group and you all want to stay in the same room because the rooms are way roomier than any of the other resorts. And eat at Tao and party at Tao....it was awesome!	
Oct 10 2009 	Don't need to stay there again.	Check in was fast but as a previous comment pointed out they told us very little about the Hotels feature which they actually charge $15.00 a day resort fee for.Parking was easy but very confusing trying to find your room. You need to take an elevator from the parking structure to a very long hallway to another set of elevators to get to your rooms floor. Another very long walk to your room.We requested a nice view of the Strip and at floor 24 we had an obstructed view that looked at an abandoned hotel frame work and two very tall cranes. You could hear the planes flying by and the sound of some music that played 24/7 outside. The slamming of doors after midnight woke us up every night. Not what I would call a 5 star hotel that charged us $210.00 per night. Not worth it considering the view we reserved or the painfully long walks from the room to the casino.I questioned the room’s sanitation as I personally placed a very bright M&amp;M on the floor and after 4 days it was still in plain sight. The mini bar had had empty coke bottles, and club soda. I asked to have it removed and that never happened. This calls into question if the toilets, tubs or even the beds are properly cleaned from the prior quests.The food was very expensive for what they gave you and caused us to travel to other hotels for meals which were very reasonable. We also discovered after returning home they had offered this same room including a show and free dinner. We even made our reservations by calling the hotel directly.After visiting a few other hotels and casinos we have found several others we will be staying at next. Treasure Island looks great as does the Bellagio and MGM Grand. The Venetian caters heavily to the Chinese market as they have a Venetian in China and most casino and show workers are Chinese and very hard to understand. They also are not very friendly and I never saw a smile from any of them.It had been 20 years since we last visited Las Vegas and to be honest if it was all like the Venetian we would not need to visit again. We are taking our daughter for her 21st birthday and will avoid the Venetian and its connected Palazzo Hotel. Maybe the MGM for a suite at $59.00 and a little less stuffy.We wrote to the Hotel to express our concerns and never heard back. That is a bit rude but in-line with what we saw during our visit there.	
Oct 10 2009 	Excelent choice nice rooms	Great place with nice large rooms. Definately would recommend. Great for business or pleasure. Try saying it's your anniversary and that's why you are staying and you could get upgraded if you are lucky.	
Oct 10 2009 	Straight luxury	If you desire top of the line service and quality, this is it!	
Oct 9 2009 	The Venetian worth the visit!!	My husband and i, just returned from las Vegas and the Venetian was a goog choice.Last year i stay at the Bellagio and was excellent too, but Venetian rooms are much better, the suite was spacious and beatiful decoration and confort. The stepdown livingroom give a feeling of separation from sleeping area.My husband loved the 3 lcd TV, and really enjoy that the shadesare automatic and controlled by a remote.The lobby is gorgeous and there is many restaurant to choose from. You will conect to the palazzo hotel ,and dont miss Levo restaurant and Phanton of the Opera. We where very happy at the Venetian!	
Oct 9 2009 	Amazing hotel...amazing trip!	We checked in early to the hotel. Our suite was ready for us. They put us in the Venezia Towers which were a little older, but architecturally gorgeous. This was the quietest place we have ever stayed and we loved that! We had to walk a little bit more than at the plain Venetian, but it was worth it. The rooms were the first built, so they were a little older but our view was of the strip which was awesome! I would highly recommend anyone going to Vegas to stay at the Venetian. The place, the workers, the atmosphere, even the smell rank number 1!	
Oct 9 2009 	Beautiful place!	The Venetian is absolutely gorgeous! We stayed in a 1 room suite in the Venezia Tower for $79/night! The room was clean, nicely appointed and large. The only problem I had was the trek to the room. In order to get to the room from the hotel lobby we had to take an elevator to the &quot;Venezia Lobby&quot;, walk quite a ways down several corridors and then go up another elevator to our floor. I believe that the problem is that the Venezia Tower is built on the Venetian's parking garage, but there has to have been a better way. If you just wanted to run down to the casino or grab something to eat, it was quite a distance.Nonetheless, you certainly couldn't beat the price. Restaurants are very nice and the Grand Canal Shops are awesome.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great stay except pool area!	First to say - I read so many reviews prior to going. I was in charge of planning a 40th birthday girlfriend getaway for 4 nights. I had never been to LV. I was trying to decide between Venetian and Belliago. As I had read, you can't go wrong either way. Both are beautiful. We had found a good deal through the Venetian's website so we went with the Venetian. We loved everything. We commented on how nice the entire staff was at all times. The only issues that we had the whole time were -- The perfume smell that they spray in did bug us at the beginning but we got used to it. It was only in the enterence that we could smell it. It wasn't in the room or casino. We wished that there was an ipod hook up in the room, and the drink service at the pool was sooooo bad. I think they put most of their pool servers on the Tao beach side so the people at the &quot;regular&quot; pool suffered and had to go to the pool bar to get drinks. We stayed in the Venetian tower. That is tower you want if you want to be close to the pool,, casino, and coffee. If you want a romantic trip stay in the Venetiza (sp?) tower - much quieter and romantic. We all said that we would come back and stay in that tower with our husbands. We really did love this hotel and being connected to the Palazzo/Venetian Shoppes, the canal, and the St Marks Square. So fun to walk to great shopping and restaurants. Really a great location on the strip. We also visited the Wynn. If we could have afforded it that would be the place to stay. It looked above and beyond. Not in our budget though. We really had a great stay at the Venetian but next time I would like to try the Bellagio. Think you have to stay at both places to decide what you like better. I don't think you can go wrong really! Forgot to add, the pool and the sun - my friend went down to the pool at 8 am each day to stake out chairs that were going to get sun. Many many people did this!! It was the only way to get sunny seats after 11:00ish. The pool workers didn't seem to care that people did this. Also there are no coffee makers in the room. Expect to pay for coffee each day. If you are in the Venetian tower just go to the 2nd floor to Coffee Bean and Tea. Fantastic coffee. Enjoy.	
Oct 9 2009 	LUXURY HOTEL THAT EXCEEDED OUR EXPECTATIONS!!!	We had heard that The Venetian Hotel was really nice, but it REALLY exceeded our expectations!! The rooms were unbelievable - very spacious, clean and modern. There were days we did not even leave the hotel because EVERYTHING we needed was right there - amazing restaurants, shows (we saw The Blue Man Group, which was awesome!), shopping, Gondola rides, a beautiful casino, etc. We HIGHLY recommend The Venetian Hotel and can hardly wait to return!	
Oct 9 2009 	Absolutely awesome	This place is unbelievable. Huge huge huge and the rooms are huge huge huge. The hotel is like living in another world. You wouldn't even have to go outside if you didn't want to. Everything is in the hotel that anyone could ever need - and you can go for a ride on a gondola as well - right thru the hotel.The room was split level with a big lounge, huge desk (with fax machine) and large LCD TV. The bedroom is big and the bed very comfortable - with another LCD TV. The bathroom is huge with bath and separate shower - and another LCD TV.We actually got lost several times and at one time finished up in the hotel next door (Palazzo) which adjoins the Venetian. It was only when we went up to the 32nd floor and then couldn't find out room that we realised we were in the wrong hotel.The Venetian and Las Vegas are well worth the visit and I will be visiting both again. And we saw Cher whilst there as an added bonus. Disneyland for grown ups.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Trip! Amazing Hotel!!!	We stayed at the Venetian for 3 nights at the end of August to celebrate many things, the reunion of my parents and the best man of their wedding after 30 years of not seeing each other, a 21st birthday, a belated 23rd birthday, advanced 25th, and sobriety for 20 years as well. We had a total of 5 hotel rooms, and all of the rooms were the same, and all equally amazing. The amount of space you get in the rooms is just profound. I have stayed at a lot of hotels on the strip including the 4 seasons and think that this hotel is by far the best one. It was easy for us all to go down the elevator and meet up in the morning for breakfast or lunch, and then to meet again for dinner. Dinner was usually within walking distance (Caesars’, the Palazzo (table 10 was amazing! and so is Boa at the Forum Shops). Only once did we have to take a cab to get some where and that was to old downtown to go see the lightshow and gamble at the hotels down there. In the room was a TV in the bathroom, a makeup desk, and a separate shower and tub which was amazing. There was a small but adequate closet to fit clothing for at least a week, plus a big flat screen TV in the bedroom, and the living room. There was also a big sofa, table with four chairs, a desk with a printer/fax/copier. The best part??? the shades are automatic and controlled from a remote (although I did have to get close to be able to run one of them I just cant remember which it was) but that’s ok it was a great feature!! All and all this was a very good, central location in which you don’t have to worry about getting a cab and sitting in traffic, most things are within walking distance and the rooms are amazing! You can upgrade the day of to a strip view for about $40 or so (not sure if its / night or room though) They also offer really good military discounts as well. One last note, is that the line to check-in is pretty long at times but tends to go very quickly. Also, USE THE CUPONS YOU ARE GIVEN! We got a $50 free slot play and you can cash out your winnings every time you win (just winnings though, not all $50, I would cash out every time I won and get the $2-$3/ time and ended up with about $10 for free not a bad deal! All you have to do is sign up for the club grazie (which i think is now just called Grazie), but if you can sign up online first and you will get an extra $25 for slot play/ table match just for signing up online!!! =)All and all I would def recommend this hotel it was amazing!	
Oct 8 2009 	A weekend out of this world	Just landing in Las Vegas was an eye popping experience as a first timer. Finding the shuttle to the hotel seemed simple as the kiosk was right outside the slot filled terminal, I didn't realize until I was aboard and heading to the Venetian that there were other shuttles with even lower prices, note to self and welcome to Las Vegas. Arriving at the Venetian was incredible, the decor was grander than even my already high expectations. I was a bit overwhelmed to see that the check in area was setup to handle a Disney World size crowd with ease. The staff persojn checking me in was warm, pleasant and efficient. She gave me excellent directions to navigate the extravagant lobby and part of the casino to reach the elevators for our room on the 10th floor. The room was fabulous. The king size bed was cloudlike. As I stepped down into the sitting area I was able to look out of the huge picture window to the mountains as back drop to this 24 hour adult playland. In getting ready for my trip I had done a bit of preparation when selecting the Venetian and so sought out the Pool Garden, it was pure escape into a beautiful lush, serene, miniparadise, complete with secluded pools, jacuzzis, classic Italian sculptures and attentive staff. It would have been easy just to spend the entire weekend right there. In planning for this trip to celebrate our 34th anniversary it was not easy to make a choice about where to stay with so many to choose from. I am very happy to report that my husband and agree I could not have made a better selection. We were located within easy walking distance of other hotels and casinos to explore, the restaurants in the Venetian were varied. We loved having dinner at one of the restaurants with tables outside and to our delight and surprise we had the TI pirate, pyrotechnic show right there across the street as we dined! Loved it and may even go back for year 35!	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful room great price and location	We definitely got a great deal using one of the hotel packages they offered. The hotel is huge, plenty of restaurants(Grand Luxe Café, Delmonico Steakhouse, WolfGang,Dos Caminos,B&amp;B etc.). You can't go hungry with so many varieties. The location is centralized as well. You can walk to Harrah's and catch the shuttle to Paris,MGM. The Fashion Mall across the street has a bus stop to Downtown Freemont. The hotel also has Walgreens, Madame Tussaud Wax Museum, Blue Man group, Indoor/Outdoor Gondola rides. The Suites are spacious, plenty of room to spread around. Downside not enough closet space if you are taking the children with you. There are 3 pools. They are beautiful and you can certainly rent one of the Cabanas. However, someone forgot to consider the location and height of the hotel with regards to the pool. The pool area was mostly covered in shade because the hotel is blocking most of it. So if you wanted to sunbathe, get there early to get the sunny spot. If you like to go to the Spa it is located in the Palazzo. They do have a fitness center but it is neither free nor part of the Venetian Hotel. It is an outside vendor. Overall, it is a great hotel if you take advantage of their package suite. We stayed Labor Day week for a 7 night stay + tax, total cost $800.00 with the suite package.	
Oct 8 2009 	Loved the remote-controlled blinds	Because of the great summer rates, we chose the Venetian for our 30th wedding anniversary getaway. We usually stay at Paris, but thought we'd never see these low rates again at the Venetian so we switched our reservation. We had a view of the pools and Tao Beach. That's where all the young, beautiful people go. We even saw a &quot;Sopranos&quot; cast member at the Venetian pool. The room was large as advertised and did not disappoint. I thoroughly enjoyed the remote control for the blinds and drapes, which was near by bedside. Bathroom was functional and beautiful and I enjoyed the vanity and flat-screen TV. Our room was easy to get to, which was a concern. I thought we'd have to walk a long way through the casino to get to the elevator bank. We ate at Delmonicos, which was fabulous and very busy. The only disappointment of the trip was the Cris Angel show, which was mediocre at best. He was off stage half the time and even the Cirque performers were sub par.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable Luxury	My hubby and I like to stay at the Venetian when in Vegas because:1.) All suites!2.) Rooms are very nice, and comfortably luxurious.3.) Very good restaurants (in the hotel and in the shopping canals)- Bouchon, Enotena San Marco (Mario Batalli's place), Grand Lux Cafe, Tao.4.) Everything is CLEAN!5.) Staff is always very pleasant, professional, and efficient.6.) Centrally located on the stripThe only thing that I was disappointed about was that there was no poolside service (could have been off season though??) the one day we were lounging at the pool. There weren't any servers going around taking drink/snack orders unless you were in one of the cabanas. I would definitely use the self checkout (if checking out on a Sunday) - can get pretty busy.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful stay	My Husband and I stayed at the Venetian for 5 nights recently to celebrate his birthday. We had a wonderful stay. The room are large and clean granted the furniture could be updated but the bed was comfortable and I loved the nice big bath room. I had arranged with the hotel for champagne and strawberries on arrival, but when we got to our room they were not there, so I called the front desk and they were sent up in seconds (only problem whole stay). We used the spa facilities and they were beyond excellent (I’ve read some reviews that were critical and if there are better spas than this I want to know where) my husband and I have been to many and this is the best so far. Our only complaint was the restaurants there are many and we were unable to find a good one, but we are from Ottawa/Montreal so we are very picky.	
Oct 8 2009 	Just awesome...	This is my first trip to Vegas with my family. This hotel is just awesome and highly recommended.	
Oct 8 2009 	Overrated Venetian in Las Vegas	You wouldn't know that the Venetian wants you to be satisfied by my experience. The front desk staff and management went out of their way to not only try to take advantage of this being our first itme there but when caught in a lie refused to make it right. It seemed that at every opportunity to be custmer friendly they went out of their way to **** us off. The rooms we nice but absolutely not worth the money. We have been at properties all over the world and this was nothing special. The Treasure Island was the best value we every had ( in previous years ) and the staff incredibly friendly and helpful. Having said that the service staff on the floorat the Venetian doing the room prep were outstanding. Next time we try Trump!	
Oct 8 2009	My favorites place in Vegas	We have just returned from a week at the Vegas. We stayed at Venetian, the hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel to go to the see the city at all. The pool is lovely. Our kids are 11 and 13 and they enjoyed it. The pool attendants were wonderful. We paid $200 per night for a room on the club level which we thought excellent value. There were 2 double beds so the four of us shared. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed and I am extremely fussy!	
Oct 8 2009 	First Clase Hotel	The hotel was everything we had hoped for. Great service and such a beautifl hotle. One of the more expensive hotels but you know that going in. Between the Venetian and the Palazzo (they connect) you don't ahve to leave to find a new restuarant. We ate all of our Dinner meals at one of their restaurants. Emeril's steakhouse had the best Lobster Bisque I had ever tasted. Filey mignon was actually better at Dos Cominos and their Pomagranite Margaritias were fabulus. Wife did spend too much in the Cannal Shoppes. If you are the type to lay by the pool all day, there are better hotels in Vegas such as Mandalay Bay. Tao is a very popular night spot and great restuarant. We will stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Pretty hotel a little overpriced	We stayed at the Venetian after having made about 14 trips in the last few years to Vegas. We had show tickets there and decided it would be a good night to try a stay at the hotel. While it was nice and offered a lot of upgraded decor in the room, it was not enough in our opinion to justify the high price. We would prefer a simpler room with just a nice bed in it than a larger room with more things for a higher price. It's a nice place to stay for one night or a special occasion.	
Oct 8 2009 	Awesome hotel with everything you need	One thing I don't like about the Las Vegas strip is the vendors on the sidewalk. When walking through those areas, I always seem to get pushed or stepped on. The sidewalks in front of the Venetian are clear and you can walk in peace. We were there for 5 days and never had to wait for an elevator for more than one minute. I have been to other hotels on the strip and had to wait 20 or more minutes for an elevator that wasn't already full.The Blue Man Group is a great show.	
Oct 8 2009 	Don't bother - they could care less	Yes the Venetian Hotel is Big and Beautiful but that is all. How can a hotel this large provide any level of personal service? - The answer is they can't. When we arrived in late afternoon, we were told our room was not ready. We asked the desk clerk to call us on our cell phone to tell us when it was ready, and they declined. They told us to &quot;keep checking&quot; back in to see if it was ready. We were then let loose in the casino which is to their advantage of course. After several hours of &quot;checking back&quot; we finally received our room keys. We were not given an orientation of the hotel or the services it offered. We were not told where anything was, not the hotel dining rooms, not the pool, not nothin. We asked the concierge for recommendations and honestly it was as if we were bothering her (yes we tipped) - The whole experience at the Venetian was like that - like they could care less if we were there or not. Because the Venetian is built on such a grand scale, there is a constant stream of tourist filing through looking at the surroundings. I felt like I was staying in a fish bowl, with people constantly standing and staring. We were just one of many guests who will pass through there. The funny thing is, since we have returned home we have received almost weekly mailings inviting us back to events at the Venetian.We visit Vegas often and I will never stay at the Venetian again. I will select a smaller more personal hotel with more personable staff. I prefer Bellagio.	
Oct 8 2009 	Absolutely Stunning	Amazing ambiance, excellent staff, incredible feel.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Most Amazing Experience	My husband and I went there for our anniversary, and we simply fell in love with the place. The decor was just beautiful, I think that the pictures don't do justice to actually stepping into one of those suite rooms. It was such a romantic place that really made our trip unforgettable.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Venetian is awesome!	The Venetian is a great hotel with incredible sized rooms especially in comparison to the other hotels on the strip. I thought the location of the hotel on the strip was perfect. Definitely eat at Tao (asian upscale) and the Grand Lux (cheaper for breakfast). And Tao is a great club for after dinner.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good - but lacked something for a 5-Star	Hotel was gorgeous and everything you expect in a Vegas hotel. Was a little disappointed. Expected more from a 5-Star hotel. Room could use an updating. Buttons were popping off the couch. Two of the three phones in the room didn't work. I guess I just expected more. If I had paid full rate would have better very disappointed. I would stay here again at the right rate.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed in the Venetian 9/28/09 to 10/2/09 and it is wonderful. The room was very clean and well maintained. The staff were polite and efficient, including quick service at check-in. As with most of the big name hotels in Las Vegas, this hotel is massive. The entrance and passage way to the casino is so large you could fit many, many houses in it. The architecture is amazing, especially the frescos on the walls and ceilings. There were only three complaints I have. (1) They put a scent in the hotel ventilation system that frankly smells a bit like bathroom scent. I would rather have nothing, not even if it was a different scent. (2) The pool area chairs are reserved by hotel occupants by around 11:00 AM. I think it is discourteous, but that doesn't change anything. It still happens so be aware of it. The way the hotel is situated, only part of the pool area gets sun until mid afternoon so if you want sun as we did, you have to get there early. (3) Finally, fancy hotels have fancy prices. You pay high prices for the drinks and eats when ordering them at the pool. If you just want a non-alcoholic beverage, there is a Walgreens at the end of the block between the Venetian and the Palazzo which has much better prices and snacks too. It's a matter of judgment whether it is worth the money. My wife and I are people who like to stay in four and five star hotels. We stayed at Treasure Island across the street from the Venetian the past two times and I found it every bit as comfortable for my needs. We paid $159 a night this time when we could have stayed at Treasure Island for $99 a night. Nevertheless, we wanted to try the Venetian. I don't regret staying here, but I probably won't come back for the money spent.	
Oct 8 2009 	Unexpected Surprise	Arrived weekday, mid afternoon and there were extensive lines to check-in, however, the great service started there. They moved the line quickly and had a host personally bringing you to the hotel registration desk. They could not have been more pleasant. During my stay and passing the entrance on several occassions I didn't see the line again. However, if you do, don't let it start your trip off badly since it does move fast. I needed to use guest services on several occassions and always had an fast and curteous response. We used the smaller pool area and had our own secluded area near the hot tubs, which reminded me of staying in a private villa in Italy. The choice of restaurants in the hotel are tops in Vegas and each one we ate in over 3 nights was outstanding. The room was luxurious, step down living room, flat screen tv in Living room, sleeping area and bathroom. Automatic drapery and blackout shades was a plus from bed. It allowed us to see the city lights and close them before falling asleep. FYI: I never wanted to go to Vegas, now I want to go back but will make sure I stay in the Venetian.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful Place to Stay	We loved this resort. It was quiet and in the perfect location on the strip. The food in the hotel was nice. We didnt gamble there - but it was crowded. Enjoyed seeing the Jersey Boys. The staff was friendly.. We had accidently left our backpack on a bench with camera, GPS, the valet returned it with nothing missing. I would highly recommend this resort.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent	We are very glad that we picked Venetian for our one night stay in Las Vegas. We had a nice room on the 14th floor. The room was spacious with three TVs and a huge bathroom which has both a shower and a bathtub. There was a sitting area with TV set and also a small dining table. The bed was very comfortable. We loved everyhting about the room. The hotel is a must see even if you are not staying there. We will definately stay here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Elegant beauty...	The Venetian is a beautiful property that is conveniently located on the Las Vegas Strip. The room was very nice, but not quite at the same level as the nearby Wynn. Major construction project currently provides a rather jarring backdrop to an otherwise luxurious main pool area.	
Oct 7 2009 	Everything under one roof	A friend and I stayed here for two nights with a special Club Grazie rate. Check in was smooth. We received a room in the Venezia section overlooking the Pool Garden. The whole hotel and casino smells clean for the most part and does not reek of cigarettes like many Vegas strip properties. Really enjoyed the spaciousness and elegance of our room. Took advantage of the nice tub. I love this hotel for the way they stand out above the other ones in the area. There's not many places you can go that have gone to these lengths to replicate Old Italy with its archways, romantic lighting, beautiful paintings, and gracious service. I was greeted by name among most everyone. Room service, albeit expensive, was prompt, professional and courteous. The bellmen took our luggage from the taxi and brought it to us once we got to our room, something I've not had during previous Vegas stays. Many people have complained here about the huge layout of the hotel. It is confusing, but not as bad as other hotels. Whenever you stay in Vegas or a large all inclusive beach hotel you will more than likely have mazes to contend with to get from one place to the other. It's just something you live with, or simply stay home.I have two major complaints. One is that they do not have any kind of vending machines to buy a coke on the hotel floors. This is probably because they don't want the mass market hotel image, but it would be nice to have some sort of closed off vending area on each floor for these conveniences. Of course they want you to order it from room service, or walk through the mazes to get to a sundry shop. At 2am you just want to relax and not have to worry about putting clothes on to go get a beverage or small snack. The in room servibar does not have any refrigeration for its drinks. This means that they sit in a hot drawer or cabinet for probably weeks before someone succumbs to the temptation to indulge. Then there is the issue of cocktail waitresses. I don't care if you are a whale or playing penny slots, people need to have refreshments while they game or they will leave. I had to get up and find a waitress to bring me a drink while I was playing slots, and that should never happen. There really is no reason to leave the resort unless you want to experience shows/entertainment located elsewhere. There's plenty to do, and Madame Toussad's is a must.	
Oct 6 2009 	Best hotel I have ever been in	First when walking through the front doors, you are instantly transported to Venice. The painting, the decor, the lighting...the MARBLE. Unlike the other hotels we visited on this trip it did not put you directly in the casino from the front door. You are treated to music (usually from Phantom of the Opera), pleasant lighting and a smoke free area. From there we followed the direction to our room and found instead of just a room a suite. Immaculately cleaned, where the king size bed looked fluffy and not overtaking the room, a marble bathroom with separate WC and a sitting area with armoire, table, desk, sectional couch and coffee table. Everything top notch. Checked out both pool areas and found the pool gardens on level 10 to be the epitome of an Italian center courtyard with fountains, pools and hot tubs that blended into the scenery. The main pool area was immense and catered to the sun worshipers with loads of amenties.Food was a tish expensive with most of the major chefs having at least 1 restaurant on site. Car rental was easy to obtain and easy to get in and out of the hotel.Monorail was next door at Harrahs, but we found the super secret back way which may be fixed shortly with a walking bridge to it (hint, if you want it used...make it accessible)Everyone was super nice, and even though we got lost the first three times in the Canal shops area it was not a hardship as it is so beautiful and truly made the getting lost worth it.Would I stay here again....in a HEARTBEAT!	
Oct 6 2009 	Loved it!	Having read the reviews before going to the Venetian I was a little concerned, I needn't be. For the price I paid I was extremely happy with my choice. The room was lovely and even though our room overlooked the roof and air conditioning units if you stood far enough back all you could see was the golf course, however I wasn't really bothered about my view. The room is so comfortable and the bathroom is lovely. When we checked in I had to wait about 15 minutes but I can't say I was that bothered I was too excited to be there. The smell really isn't that bad, whoever has said this must have extremely sensitive nostrils as it didn't bother me or my husband in the slightest. The walk from the lobby to the room really isn't that far for a hotel of this size, it took 5 minutes max, we were in room 27321. The pools are great and there is a lot of choice, we preferred the Palazzo pool as this wad quieter and more relaxing however the beds weren't as comfy. The hotel is in a great location and has a variety of quick places to eat in the food court and also restaurants, we tried the Delmonico steakhouse and also the Mexican in the Palazzo, enjoyed both. A visit to Strip burger is a must!Overall if you get this hotel at a good rate I would stay here, unless you are extremely fussy I don't understand what you couldn't like about it and I am very fussy and big on cleanliness!	
Oct 6 2009 	TERRIBLE	Don't go. I had a wonderfull 3-day stay at Trump, then I went to Venetian to knew the hotel an stay more 3 days... I was so dissapointed that I stayed the only on night! The room is not good, with a door to another room that you can head all the noise they do.They have sensor on the refrigerator and don't advise you that you can even touch the stuff to be charged!!!!!!!!! YOU HAVE TO PAY USD35.00/DAY TO USE THE REFRIGERATOR! I never saw this before! DON'T GO!!! The bussiness center CLOSES AT 6PM. If you don't have a notebook, you can't acess internet at night!	
Oct 6 2009 	Value for Money? Stay somewhere else.	First off: If you are sensitive to fragrance, especially STRONG CHEAP AIRFRESHNER scents, DO NOT STAY HERE. I had read about the smell and thought people were overreacting, but it is horrible. They pump it thru the vents and it is insta-headache. My nostrils were actually burning.*Check in was a breeze. 10 minutes (Friday night @ 6 pm)*Nice room, REALLY COMFY BEDS!*Room service terribly slow, 2 hours for a bottle of Chapagne*Lobby was but the smell over ruled it*good choice of dining/shopping (again the perfume smell ruins it)*Okay location, but not 'Central&quot; strip.***Great Pool Scene!Overall I would stay anywhere but here next time solely because of the smell. Paris, Bellagio, Caesars are better choices for location.	
Oct 5 2009 	In a rat maze called the Venetian	The hotel staff was indifferent and not helpful. The rooms were worn and dated. The lighting made walking in the corridors like spelunking in caves. Did I mentioned the staff that never picks the phone up or ignores people waiting in line?	
Oct 3 2009 	Don't stay at the Venetian!	There were many things which made my stay at the Venetian terrible - food poisoning, arrogant staff, endless lines for service, TV not working properly, tired hotel room furniture, horrible smell throughout the hotel, dishonest housekeeping staff - but the one that topped it off was when I returned to my room after a night out and I found my hotel room door open - not just unlocked, but open to all who walked past it. I'm all about security and always lock the door when going out. When I bought it to the hotel's attention I got the same no-answer, disinterested attitude that my food poisoning aroused. This hotel stinks - literally! Don't stay at the Venetian! It ain't world-class and it ain't worthy of being called a hotel.Interesting side note, when I logged my poisoning complaint with the local health authority, they said that they weren't surprised the Venetian did absolutely nothing about it. So it looks like I wasn't the first person that the Venetian has poisoned and ignored.Take this as your final warning. Don't eat OR stay at the Venetian. You will regret it.	
Oct 3 2009 	Loved it!	My second stay at the Venetian and it's still a fantastic hotel. Yes, it's big, and crowded, and a little impersonal but I don't mind that because it's kind of expected, being in Vegas and all.There's very little negative to say about the place. The suites are clean, roomy and elegant and the staff are helpful and attentive. It also helped that we got an amazing deal, via hotelscomined.com, paying less that £90 a night.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. We loved it!	
Oct 3 2009 	Venezia Hotel at the Venetian Las Vegas NV -- Not As Advertised	We stayed here Sep 27 - Sep 30, 2009. Received an email offering one great rate at the Venezia, which is part of the Venetian (the other part is Palazzo). It used to be that the Venezia was more expensive than Venetian, offered better services, rooms, etc. More of a boutique hotel. Our rate was $49 per night or $79 for a guaranteed view. The email said (and so did their web site) separate check-in lobby. We've stayed at the Venetian many, many times but never wanted to pay the additional $50 a night for the Venezia. I'm so glad we never did.We had a car, so parked in the garage. What a circus to get to check-in. First of all you take the elevator in the parking garage to level 3. Then you get into another elevator to go to the Venezia Lobby (private check-in, remember?). Then you walk to the private lobby and read the sign at the check-in desk that says &quot;We no longer operate this check-in, please proceed to Venetian check-in.&quot; OK, now I'm a bit miffed, because we've walked all around the world and still have to go back to the Venetian check-in, which means going around the world again!!!! Of course the Venetian has a long line to check-in, which moved pretty fast, really. After check-in, we had to take an elevator to the 10th floor (Venetian lobby), then get on another elevator to our room. What a pain in the rear. From the parking garage that means 3 elevators to get to the floor with your room. While my spouse waited in line, I went to the concierge desk and told them about the desk being closed--and she couldn't have cared less--&quot;do you want to speak with a manager?&quot; was the response. I told her we'd talk to a hotel manager when we got through the long line to check-in. When we got to the check-in clerk, she was most apologetic, saying they had closed the Venezia desk several months ago. I told her that the email and their web site advertised the private check-in. She said they had within the last few days taken it off their web site because of the same complaints, but was unaware of the email offers that said &quot;private check-in.&quot; She was also unaware of the signs in the parking garage that showed &quot;Venezia Check-in&quot;. She offered a late check-out which we accepted.Now to the room. The room we had was very worn. Cushions on the sofa were broken down.--flat, and I mean totally flat, on the outside edge. No cushion at all. There was a pumpkin seed in the middle of the floor when we got there and it was still there when we left. The table, which had a nice glass top, was very worn underneath--wood that was lifting up and cracked. The mattress was definitely very old, although not uncomfortable, but definitely not the nice pillow-tops that all the hotels in Vegas now have. No bedspread or comforter on the bed--just triple-sheeted with a blanket between the two top sheets. Three SMALL pillows on the bed. Didn't even cover the width of the bed. Not very pretty looking. Bathroom. Supplies were in short supply. One bar of soap. One small bottle of bath gel, one small bottle each of shampoo, conditioner and lotion--all bitter orange and smells wonderful. If you use the bar soap for your hands you have none for the shower. I left a note (and a $5 tip) for housekeeping. They did put out 3 more bars of soap, but NEVER replenished it. The bathroom supplies were definitely smaller bottles than the bottles (which were very pretty) at the Venetian (we stayed at the Venetian in July 2009). The printer on the desk was out of ink and never printed our &quot;welcome letter&quot;. I wonder how many were piled up in the printer's memory. Some of the light switches never turned on any lights, so I wonder if light bulbs were burned out. For the $79 we paid, the room was OK, but definitely NOT UP TO THE QUALITY we expected. Would I stay there again? Possibly if the price is right. Our offer is still good through the end of the year, as many times as we want, but, I was expecting a really nice experience. Unfortunately, that did not happen. We’ve paid a lot more for a lot less; and we’ve paid the same for a lot more. Like I said, it is totally inconvenient if you have a car--it requires 3 elevator waits and 3 elevator rides to get to your room. Security is pretty good though, once you get on the Venezia lobby floor, there is a security guard 24-hours a day, requesting to see your room key before you can go to the elevators to the rooms. All in all, we had a good time, but I was terribly disappointed in the quality of the room, the cleanliness of the room, and the short-supply of toiletries.The pool and gardens area is very nice, small, but very pretty and is suppose to be private to Venezia customers, but nothing stops the folks who stay at the Venetian or Palazzo from coming into the Venezia lobby and going to the pool and gardens. Once you stay at the Venezia, you know that. The lobby is absolutely beautiful. It's just a shame that they closed it and now require everybody to go through the looonnnggg lines at the Venetian. So, just beware if you get a really good deal from Venezia. I would recommend the Venezia to my friends with the stipulations that it's very dated, needs to be refurbished, but at least the rate they offered reflects that.	
Oct 2 2009 	Buyer Beware! The maids will steal your valubles while your in the room!	My rolex watch was stolen by the maid while i was in the bathroom. She came into my room through the adjoining rooms side door and stole my $6,000 vintage rolex watch! The venetian refused to do anything about it except for filing a ridiculous report. Unprofessional staff and the security is a JOKE!	
Oct 1 2009 	Our first trip to Vegas very nice Hotel	We had the Standard room, it was very nice. We had no problems checking in or out.We recieved it by package deal for airfare and lodging.The room and service was top-notch. Our only drawback, bring Extra money for eating or shows, this town really is not cheap entertainment. We had a problem with the nasty card-flippers that have been here for years? WHY? This was a hazard and littering problem for this city...Plus it makes people crowds worse,trying to avoid them...Everything else is up to your own tastes and desires. We loved driving to the Grand Canyon and Hoover dam.In &amp; OUT burgers is worth a visit for their milkshakes, and tasty burgers.We tryed the Giant slot machine for only a dollar and went to the Freemont experience, we felt safe there too.	
Oct 1 2009 	"View" room is a ripoff poor customer service	Overall, a good 3-night stay at the Venetian, but definitely some low points. As a honeymoon couple who had booked a &quot;View&quot; room, we were dismayed upon arrival to discover that our &quot;View&quot; not only included a view of the pool area and the mountains, but also the huge construction site next door. As I told the duty manager, the construction site sort of cancels out any view that might have been there. I asked for the premium for the &quot;View&quot; be removed from my room rate, but he refused to do so saying &quot;it's the same for everyone&quot;. We were offered another room on a higher floor, which we went to see, but they did not tell us that this room had exactly the same view as our first room! It took about an hour of phone calls (most of which I was on hold) before I could even get to speak to the duty manager. Such a waste of time and pretty shocking customer service in a &quot;5-star&quot; hotel. I think it's highly dishonest that the Venetian are selling the room we stayed in as a &quot;View&quot; room.I would also mention the standard of housekeeping here. The bed was made and the bathroom cleaned each day but the lounge area of the suite was never tidied during our 3-night stay. I don't know whether this is hotel policy or not, but we didn't bother leaving a tip for the cleaner. Also, and this is staggering: there is no evening turndown service as standard. This has to be requested each day by calling housekeeping before 5pm. Shockingly bad.Two other low points were the smell of sewage coming from the shower whenever we emptied the bath; we didn't complain about this however. Also, the craps dealers in the casino have some serious bad attitude. After being chastised snottily by a dealer for making a mistake I politely pointed out that I was a customer, to which I was told &quot;there's no such thing as a customer in a casino&quot;. Nice. The dealers in the Bellagio and the MGM Grand are really friendly and a breath of fresh air compared to the Venetian's.Overall, it's a very good hotel. The canal and shopping complex is very impressive, as are the range of bars and restaurants. The Venetian is also linked underground to the Palazzo, so you can explore both easily. For non-smokers, the air conditioning in the casino is so advanced that you rarely notice the smoke, unlike some of the other casinos we visited. I'd also recommend doing a helicoptor tour with Maverick tours (booked through the hotel), it was really good fun.	
Sep 30 2009 	bigger than bigger	Incredible city, incredible hotel...The location is good, you're on the Strip, close to everything (also the monorail!).The suite are really impressive: huge and clean! The hotel has a lot of services, restaurants and shops but this is quite normal in Las Vegas resort. If you stay in Vegas don't miss to visit the Grand Canyon!!!	
Sep 30 2009 	Amazing fist time to Vegas!	Wow! Our first time to Vegas and we wanted the best we could afford, so we got a great deal at the Venetian. Rooms- suite's are great size, we even got upgraded so that we had 2 beds in our room and we got a view of the strip! We were on the 14th floor in room 141 and you get to see the other Venetian building (where one of the pool decks is and the Bouchon restaurant) and across the road to the Mirage and Cesaers Palace- not bad!. You do look down on to the back of the Casino Royale, but in the dark all you see are the amazing light shows.Facilities- massive casino, plenty of places to eat (first breakfast at Bouchon- nice to be outside, but limited menu), 3 pool areas, the canel shopes and of course direct access to the Palazzo hotel and casino.Service- read reviews about check-in, no problem if arriving at night. Good service at bars and restaurants, only had one bad experience at Grand Cafe Lux . For our last breakfast we chose the buffet- not good, limited choice and long wait and over crowded- v popular.Overall- Fantastic experience, read some reviews that commented on the smell (perfume in hotel main areas), yes it was a bit weird, but you can't smell it in the rooms or corridors, just the casino and canel shopes.Reccommendations-must have a meal &quot;at the top of the world&quot; (Stratosphere Tower), use the Deuce bus to get up and down the Strip, must see inside New York, New York, Luxor and Bellagio Hotels, go shopping at the outlet shops, have breakfast at First Bar (near Barneys) good range of options and most of all just enjoy the experience of being in Las Vegas, where anything can happen!	
Sep 29 2009 	Disappointed this time around	My husband and I go to Las Vegas every year and like to try different hotels each time.Last year we stayed at the Venetian and loved it, so we decided to stay their again this time around. But sorry to say we were disappointed. The rooms are very nice, large with a big bathroom. But the housekeeping is not that good. They always forget to leave us handtowels, just wash cloths, no shampoo etc. No more slippers in your room.Also they have the trays with snacks and the refrigerator with drinks.....don't touch them unless you want to be charged a fortune for a small snack. Also the tray with the snacks on them had things missing and the tray itself was covered with dust with expired dates on the gatorade and candy! Very disappointed. This is a beautiful hotel but it seems likeno one cares anymore. Overpriced everywhere inside the hotel also! Two cups of coffee cost us $7.00 ....I know its a vacations spot and everything costs more but $7.00! Just regular coffee, nothing fancy like cappucino or anything. Last year we also had beautiful fresh flowers in the bathroom, this year no. As for the casino, everyone was complaining that the machines just weren't paying off. Didn't even let you win little bits to keep playing....just put your money in and its gone....you at least like to keep playing awhile before they take all your money. We spend two weeks there and next time it will be at a different hotel. But do go inside the Venetian and look around, its beautiful inside.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Room Great Service but it's Vegas after all.	I recently stayed 4 nights on a business conference. First the good: The room was much more tasteful and luxurious than I anticipated, particularly after my initial reaction to the over-the-top faux Italian lobby. The Staff was amazing...quite energetic and helpful in all aspects. Room service was great, and a complaint I had about a neighboring room's ever-rining alarm clock was addressed immediately on several occasions. Now the bad: the gym is an extra $40/day if you wish to use it, and the public spaces are a little tacky, unless you like fake, paste-board opulence. High speed internet service comes with a fee. Elevators seemed a little slow during rush hours and the line to check-in/check-out was quite long. Oddly they don't have a means to check out electronically or automatically. They do feature an old-fashioned drop-box, which I used and my statement was emailed to me later that day, which was faster than I anticipated. The pools seemed nice, but I never had a chance to use them.	
Sep 27 2009 	Awesome	This is a beautiful hotel to stay at .perfect location on the strip , Rooms are great big clean very roomy .	
Sep 27 2009 	Amazing Beautiful Gorgeous Hotel 	My husband and I chose to stay at The Venetian, Las Vegas as part of our honeymoon last year and it was amazing. We arrived at the hotel at night after a stretch Hummer tour along the strip. All of the hotels looked amazing but The Venetian definately stood out for us. After taking in all of the strip in one go we realised that The Venetian was very central and there were plenty of other hotels all within easy walking distance.We booked the standard suite but it was absolutely amazing, the bed was massive and there was a huge sunken sitting area looking out the window onto the strip. The bathroom was huge too, it had a shower, seperate bath and toilet then double sinks and a dressing table with mirror and lights around it (very Hollywood!). We got slippers, dressing gowns and other little bits'n' bobs (all gorgeously packagaged) which I love in a room. The room was so opulent - I loved it!The shopping area is gorgeous and the gondola ride along the canal is great and lovely to watch - plenty of singing going on! There are plenty of resturants to choose from, we liked the Grand Lux Cafe as it was quite informal, on the casino floor (great for people watching) and is open until very late. There was a vast menu and everything we tried was delicious. It's sister restaurant 'The Cheesecake Factory' is a must too! We have been back to Vegas again since our honeymoon and although we stayed elsewhere this time we returned to our favourite casino game at 'The Venetian'. We tried other games in different hotels but realised that the staff at 'The Venetian' were much friendlier and eager to help beginners. We also found that the actual casino floor was much lighter and brighter than many of the other casinos. My only downside to 'The Venetian' is the pool area. It is a stunning patio area with numerous pools but it is on a roof of one of the buildings. I burn easily and struggled to find any shade at all apart from the shadow of another building which moved as the sun moved round. Luckily the pool was quiet so I was able to move sun loungers easily. I did ask about parasols as I saw some scattered around which people were using. The attendant sid that I could have one if I saw a free one but they only had 5 for the whole of the hotel! I realise that the pool is perhaps not the reason why people visit Vegas but it did influence our decison of where to stay the second time as we knew we wanted to relax by the pool in the day.Overall, Las Vegas is amazing and The Venetian is stunning! We will be returning to both.	
Sep 26 2009 	My stay was only okay.	The hotel was okay but not splendid. i.e. two massive flat screen TVs in the room but they didn't work properly. Nice bathroom but the shower leaked onto the floor and the bathroom door handle was broken. Large sitting area but the sofa was dingy. The hotel style was palatial but gaudy instead of classy. IMPORTANT TO NOTE: there are 3 pools but you have to PAY AN EXTRA $30/DAY TO USE THE GYM.	
Sep 25 2009 	Absolutely incredible experience - a must stay in Vegas!!	This hotel is incredible!! We spent 2 nights in a basic room but wish that we spent more time there!!!The check-in, check-out was fast and efficient and the staff were very friendly and helpful (given that it was extremely busy over the Labour Day long weekend).I signed up on the web site for internet offers and we paid approx. $540 USD for the 2 nights which included other offers (ie pokie credits, dining discounts). I would also recommend that you sign up for a Grazie membership (free) which gives you other benefits.I would recommend this hotel for all travellers to Vegas who are wanting a little luxury during their stay.We can't wait to get back to this hotel again sometime in the future!!!!	
Sep 24 2009 	Beautiful Resort With Everything You Need - We loved it.	We booked this hotel on our own, on—line and got a great rate as it was summer season. What an incredible room!! Really big, clean and very comfortable beds: sunken living room, several plasma tvs and incredible view. Everything you could ask for and more!??We ate breakfast at the Grand Lux Cafe every day. Great food, friendly service, quick and efficient.??The hotel itself is enormous - you could spend all your time there enjoying all the great things it has to offer. It is probably the most beautiful hotel in all of Las Vegas.??The Blue Man Group show is excellent, very fun and entertaining and well worth it. Highly recommend. We also went to see Cher at Caeser’s - she was just outstanding. A Very Enjoyable show, she is the consummate entertainer. Highly recommend. ?It was nice to Gamble in the Casino and I did walk way with a lot more than when I started. It was fun playing craps and it was fairly crowded, lots of lively people and they all seemed to be having a good time. When we go to Las Vegas again in the near future, this is where we will be staying.If you had to spend all your time in Las Vegas at One Hotel/Resort, you picked the right place-there is no need to go anywhere but the Venetian. ?This Hotel is everything one would expect from Las Vegas. Reasonably priced, Excellent facilities.Bottom line -- if you want a Premium Destination, you found it. I can't imagine doing any better than Venetian/Palazzo.	
Sep 24 2009 	Large Wonderful Room	Great room size (750 square feet). 2 pillow top queen beds or 1 king (harder to get). Huge bathroom with separate shower and tub, double sink, separate make up mirror and stool, separate toilet area and small flat screen TV. Livingroom with remote control curtains, separate computer desk (w/fax), large sectional couch area, flat screen TV in both bedroom and sunken livingroom area and ample clothes storage. Skip the expensive mini-bar and get what you need from the Walgreens next door or small store at room elevator area on main floor. Suggest getting a room close to the elevator as hallways are very long (42 large rooms per hallway) and extra walking exercise not needed in Vegas. Great location in the middle of strip area. Very good restaurant variety and hours. Did the night flight helicopter with HeliUSA which I would hightly recommend. Book it for $70/person ($100/person otherwise) on the internet via 2nd party tour group ($10/day in room) . Recommend the premium outlet for a shopping day (even for the guys). Going to the premium outlet website before going with give you better savings coupons. Fitness center is all inclusive with fitness classes, etc. at a steep $40/day. Book shows before going to Vegas for best seating and go directly to hotel websites for the best prices (usually $20-$30 cheaper).	
Sep 24 2009 	magnificent	service was excellent, stayed in a suite as it was my birthday,staff were very helpfull,concerge booked all entertainment for us.	
Sep 24 2009 	Fabulous Hotel and Wedding at the Venetian - Just Perfect!	I stayed at the venetian for a week from 1st-8th September 2009. We booked the Venetian Luxury Suite which is the cheapest suite available. On arrival we were dealt with promptly and politely and were offered various upgrades at a discounted additional cost, however we decided to stay with what we had and it was amazing! The rooms were very good size, perfectly clean and had all extras you could need. There was a free safe in the room which you set your own passcode for, a fax machine, wi fi internet (which there was a cost for $10 per day), there was free wi fi around the pool and downstairs in the hotel. Mini bar, electronic curtains, massive bathroom with toiletries, Maids came every day. Room service was prompt and polite with a good selection on the menu for food and drinks. I had my wedding dress sent for steaming and they collected and returned it within the allocated time and it was perfect.We were married in the wedding chapel at the Venetian and it was perfect too. The wedding co-ordinator was excellent and everything was as I asked, flowers were very good standard and pictures of highest standard. Everyone made us feel like royalty!The pool area is amazing and has lovely gardens stretching around to the Palazzo and their pool areas are the same and all can be used. The pool areas are clean and service is very good for drinks whilst sunbathing.I used the spa service and although the spa and gym are very clean and nice it did not warrant $40 admission for a sauna and steam but the beauty salon side of things was the best I have been to although this again was reflected in the price.The one and only fault I have with the Venetian is the smell they pump through the casino in order to mask the smell of tobacco etc...this is only downstairs in the casino and really is only noticeable when you first walk through the door but it is a bit overpowering - not a big deal though and I would defiantly return to this beautiful hotel.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great hotel but room location is important if you want to sleep	A very nice hotel and have many good things to say, however I would like to warn people about chosing your room location. If you get a room overlooking the pool, you will hear the boom, boom, boom of the base from the TAO beach club which is located by the pool. We could hear the music from our 19th floor room. Music starts at 9 am and goes till 2 am. Makes it real hard to enjoy an afternoon nap or going to sleep at a normal time. At the pool, there is nice music playing all around, but the boom boom from this stupid beach club drowns it out. For a high class resort, It's hard to imagine that someone thought this would be a good idea. TAO has been around for 5 years and hotel staff saying they get the music complaint often. Too bad they don't do something about it. After 3 nights, we asked to be relocated and got a room across the hall, which now faced east towards the airport. Not the best view, but much quieter.	
Sep 23 2009 	Fantastic stay	My wife and I had a four night stay in September - check in was very quick, within five minutes and although the hotel is very large and we had read that there may be a long walk to the room and it was easy top get lost we only had a five minute walk to our room and found it with no problem at all - all you have to do is read the easy to follow signs.The room was large and clean with a total of 3 TV's (including one in the bathroom) - the bed was extremely comfortable and the remote control blind and curtains was a cool touch. We had a strip and pool view which was only ok but we didnt go there to look out of a window. The Bathroom was also large and clean. Housekeeping in the room throughout was faultless.The hotel is impressive and really clean throughout - all of the staff are really freindly and helpful.There are several restaurants in the hotel together with a coffee bar near the elevators which was handy for a coffee and croissant in a morning, and there is a food court near the casino with a variety of snacks on offer.The canal and St Marks square area are impressive and worth visiting - there is a venetian style show hourly which is also worth a look.Overall we had a brilliant stay and it is really difficult to find any fault with the hotel.	
Sep 23 2009 	Too exhausting	Sorry but we really didn't like this hotel. Just checking in took 30 minutes after following the Disney style queue up and down the reception area. It was here that the nausiating smell that invades the entire hotel was first noticed. As a sufferer from Chemical sensitivity this was just not appreciated, nor was the swollen throat, irritated nose/eyes and lungs that accompanied my stay.On a busy time it took 20 minutes to get from our room in the Venezia tower back to the street. Not just was this hotel too big but there was a bottleneck where you were forced to change lifts. At check in times this meant a long wait. I saw many people walking round and round looking totally lost and wondered if they ever found their room. It also took over 30 minutes for our luggage to arrive at the room, where we felt we had to wait until it arrived.In fairness the room was lovely and the breakfast room for the Venezia guests was a little gem, but you don't go to Vegas to stay in the room. The restaurants and shops were extremely expensive compared to other hotels on the strip, yet the service was worse in those we tried. The only highlight was seeing 'Jersey Boys' in the Pallazia theatre - best musical ever!	
Sep 23 2009 	What's that smell?	It's the smell that will literally take your breath away. They call it &quot;Seduction&quot;. I called it &quot;Smother&quot;. If you have allergies stay FAR AWAY from this place. They pump in the most obnixious smell. It smells like a 90 year old women's perfume. They also bleed you dry for anything and everything. The pool set-up is horrible. If you want a chair in the sun, get to the pool by 7a.m. Otherwise be prepared to sit in the shadow of the building all day. Other &quot;services&quot; include a fitness center that costs $40/daily. If you want to use one of the other pools (with sun) that's $20/daily, internet that is $30/daily. Another, &quot;ammenity&quot; is a charge or fees that total over $500, they never tell you about that. That's a surprise you find out about once you get home. We also were supposed to have a &quot;smoke free floor&quot;, that also was bogus. The ventilation is shared in the hotel, so the neighbor must have sat on the toilet and smoked because our suite was bombarded with that smell. Also our room view was one of their dumpsters, tractor trailers and another wall of the building. All and all even though the staff seemed nice, I would NEVER stay here again for the smell alone.	
Sep 23 2009 	Five Star Service and Hotel	Checking in, Courtney at the front desk, was exceptional. Friendly, cheerful and efficient. Stayed in a charming suite the Venezia section which was very clean, as was everything, and a nice comfy, quiet home away from the clamour of the Strip. The hotel itself is a trip. Italan archictural grandeur eveywhere. Everyone was so freindly and helpful. Service was fast. Never had to wait more than about 30 seconds for anyone by phone. The toothpaste came in about 2 minutes. Astounding! Also, all the staff throughout (helping the many lost patrons, (it's big) and everyone we encountered in restaurants) performed to a very high standard of customer service. And not stuffy; genuine.	
Sep 22 2009	Don't believe anything negative about this place	My son and I went to the Venetian for 5 days and 4 nights. Actually, his girlfriend broke up with him right before the trip so I took her place. We arrived at approximately 1pm and check in took less than five minutes. Once we threw our luggage in the room we went down to enjoy some gambling. The room was perfect except for the view but since the only time we looked out the window was to see what view we had when we first got the room, it did not matter. The biggest difference from the last time my wife and I were in Vegas to today is that the Venetian usually will have a $10 table or two at all times. A few years ago, $25 was the minimum. What that does, is it allows me to stay at the Venetian and not look for other hotel properties for a $10 table. The employees were all terrific. Friendly and helpful. The place was spotlessly clean and the only things we never tried were some of the on site eateries. There were no negatives and as long as you understand that you are in the Venetian, you accept the prices. The Sports Book was large and there was a large selection of table games and slots. Jersey Boys, Phantom of the Opera and Wayne Brady were the headliners. We needed to use the Business Center and was charged $$7.50 for 15 minutes for computer use. The hottest nightclub in Vegas, TAO, is also at the hotel and if you need any eye candy, this would be the spot. I would recommend this hotel highly.	
Sep 22 2009 	Check your bags before you leave - No longer happy with the Venetian	As a repeat guest of both the Venetian and the Palazzo, I returned last week for some well needed relaxation time. I was booked at a super rate in the Venezia Tower of the Venetian - definitely not as nice as the Palazzo, but a spacious, clean room - and at a good rate - although the view was horrible. My stay was uneventful, the pay per view movies did not work on the bedroom tv, but it was fixed promptly, housekeeping was good, as usual. Overall another enjoyable stay.At check out came the problem... The bellhop came for my bags, I went downstairs, checked out, retrieved my rental car from the valet and my bags from the bellman. I drove to another property (I could not get a decent rate for the weekend) checked in and unpacked my laptop - which had been dropped. I opened it up and powered it on - to find that the screen was broken. Long story short, since I had left the property without checking my bags - who opens all thier bags when the bellhop picked them up in your room 15 minutes ago - they wouldn't even talk to me about trying to rectify this situation. &quot;Hotel policy states...&quot; was thier stock answer. Needless to say, if they are unwilling to rectify the situation, I will no longer be staying at either the Venetian or the Palazzo, nor will I be able to continue to recommend them to anyone else. If you don't want to be stuck in the same situation, I highly recommend checking ALL of your bags before leaving hotel property.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Hotel!	Great, clean room! Great bed. Nice features like 3 LCD tvs in one room. (including one in the bathroom) Full bathroom including separate shower and tub. Automatic window blinds controlled by a remote switch. Good service at the pool bar, great pool as well. (did not have room service so I can't comment on that) The shops attached to the casino are nice and the inside canal is a neat feature. Only gripe, the sofa in the room was bit worn, but that's just looking for something negative to say. There wasn't much negative about the hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	Nice Room but few amenities	Everything comes at a price. Tick tack. It's $40 to use the fitness room. Local calls are $1. There is no coffee machine. It appears impressive, but the amenities are worse than a Holiday Inn Select or a Courtyard. The music from the pool was so loud I could hear it in my 20th floor suite.Would not stay there again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Absolutely Beautiful Resort with Questionable Service	First of all, the Venetian for its beauty, grounds, suites, restaurants, convention facilities, etc. is truly a FIRST CLASS resort. My suite(s) were WONDERFUL and very spacious...so you say, why did you have mulitple suites in the same stay?My original suite was one of the standard suites; however it was much more plush and swanky than the upgraded suite where I spent my final night. In my original suite, there was an unpleasant odor emitting from water closet in the salon bath. I simply tried to mask the odor with room spray on day 1, but the odor became unbearable on day 2. I placed a call to guest services who continually put me on hold for a total of about 15 minutes; the call ended in me leaving a message. My message was returned within about 10 minutes, and I was told that maintenance would be up shortly...maintenance never came on day 2.On day 3, I dialed the Guest Services HOTLINE (for &quot;IMMEDIATE&quot; service); again, I was put on hold and tossed around until I had to leave another message. This message was not immediately returned so I dialed the HOTLINE again and was tossed around but finally spoke with a very apologetic lady who understood my problem and vowed to send Maintenance to my room right away. I waited for Maintenance for approximately 30 minutes before I had to leave. When I returned, Maintenance had pulled the toilet from the wall with a note to contact Guest Services.My fourth call to Guest Services again resulted in being placed on hold until finally I reached someone who put me on hold and consulted a manager about my problem. I was told that I would have to be moved to an upgraded suite for my troubles.The upgraded suite was HUGE with a truly MASSIVE master bathroom; however, the decor was rather bland and traditional compared to the rest of the resort.All in all, the place is simply gorgeous and well positioned on the Strip particularly if you have work to be done in the Sands Convention Center.	
Sep 20 2009 	It was the bomb(In a great way)	Ok, first of all lthis was not my first trip to Sin City. This place is on another level! It was so nice. You have to show your room key to the guard each time you want to go up to your room, so don't loose it, It's a long walk throught the Resort. Then once you get to your room, you will be floored. There is a big bathroom, as soon as you walk in, tub, shower, bathoom with a door, double sinks, a flat screens, and a make-up table. Then when you come out you have the best bed and you will sleep so well! Carry your self down 3 steps and you have your living room. The only down thing I can say about the room was that they have goodies and a fridge, but PLEASE DON'T TAKE ANYTHING OUT OF THE FRIDGE, YOU WILL PAY FOR IT, THAT THING GOES BY WEIGHT! THE WHOLE RESORT~When you go down to the shoppes, you will get lost. I'm telling you right now. Then don't ask for all the free drinks you get when you are gambling, that makes finding your way around 10'x worse. You can get a drinks every where u turn your head of course, go up stairs in the food court and try the ice bar and get a drink, just go back down stairs and order a free shot and put in the drink to make it stronger.Gambling~ DON'T GAMBLE HERE YOU WANT REALLY WIN ANY MONEY, I went down to casino royal ( I think thats what it's called,1 door down) I did a Black Jack table min $5, I put down my girl $5 and I won $100!!!!!!!!!! Oh they have a 4 free spin Slot outside of this place, but dont be trick, you will not win a thing off of the slot inside(it will say $100 free slot play) No wins there,trust me!Getting Around~Please don't rent a car. I did feel like I walk my legs off, Even with my bus pass! Just take the bus where ever you go, it's cool, clean, double decker, and it's what every one uses. Althought it does make a million stops. Get a pass, I think one way is $3pp, 24hr pass $7pp, so on so on. I did use a cab one night going and come (to freemount street, and don't let the driver take the interstate it was $23 coming back, where as going the girl took the strip all the way down and it was about $11, either way it's pretty to see the strip with the lights! You will do a load of walking but still get a bus pass no matter what.Things to do~Be smart! Get every single book you can from downstairs, take a couple of hours to read the different things to do and get the coupons, 2 for 1 specials/shows/dinner what ever. YOU MUST GO TO THE WAX MUSEUM IN FRONT OF THE VENETIAN IS SO GOOD, YOU WILL GET TO TAKE DIFFERENT PIX WITH REALLY GREAT STARS LIKE 2 PAC,SNOOPY DOG, OBAMA, PRINCE ,BEYONCE,PLAY BOY MAN HIM SELF, SO MANY MORE. LET ME KOW WHAT YOU THINK! ALL SO GO SEE THE WATER SHOW IN FRONT OF THE BELLAGIO IT'S FREE, COOL, AND VERY DIFFERENT. I'm not going to tell you what else to do, you know what you like, it's alot of different things to do thought. Shopping~Go down town to Freemount street! The shopping is so much better/ and cheaper. THE FOOD IS ALL SO CHEAPER Plus don't leave Vegas with out getting a fried oreo, it was the BOMB!!!!!!!!!! In All~It's a great place, very high end. Watch out for when the club opens/closes(TAO) it's a bunch of half dress girls, and some men waiting in line to get in there. When I say it's maddness, it's maddness!!!!!!!! Make sure you checkout the store that MJ went on a shopping spree in. It will be in the shoppes down stairs in the Venetian. You can't take pix inside of the store(But they can't tell you what to do from the outside! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~GOOD LUCK AND HAVE A BLAST~~~~~~~~~~~~	
Sep 19 2009 	Fabulous accomodations	Our trip was this summer was the first to Las Vegas with our children-ages 11 and 14. We had several other hotels booked before deciding to go with the Venetian. We had stayed in this hotel years prior and were impressed with the room size and location. When we arrived, checkin was quick and courteous, We were well informed not to touch anything in the honor bar unless we were willing to pay for it-our children were also informed. We opted for a room without a strip view-we'd already seen that. Our standard view was beautiful with views of the mountains, UNLV, and planes landing at Mc Carran. Worth the $40.00/nt, savings. The staff was friendly, rooms large and clean, and a wonderful location on the strip. We plan on returning in December. Be aware, though, the valet parking can take a while. Sometimes it's easier to take a cab.	
Sep 19 2009 	Wow you definitely have to experience the Venetian!	We celebrated our wedding anniversary with a trip to Las Vegas and stayed at the Venetian. The pictures on line simply do not do the hotel justice. It is so beautiful and simply over the top! A great experience for a first visit to Las Vegas.The rooms are lovely. The oversized marble bathroom, the large, cozy king size bed and the sunken living room. The rooms were cleaned very quickly every day. Be sure to ask for extra towels. Our room, on the 23rd floor of the Venetian tower, overlooked the expansive pool complex. The only challenge was the halted construction. Once down at the pools, the music, the drinks and the very comfortable lounge chairs make up for it. The pools are so refreshing.You never need to leave the hotel. There are more than enough restaurants to choose from. We went to Delmonico's for a special dinner. The service was lovely and we had a special treat from the restaurant to honor our anniversary. The food was served timely, was so delicious and was hot. We have been to Emeril's in New Orleans and would recommend Delmonico's in Vegas. Everyone should go to Bouchon for breakfast. We did and it was out of this world. The service was a little odd for we had another tables meal attempted to be served to us. As we hadn't ordered, we knew it wasn't ours. But once that confusion was cleared up the service was focused. It wasn't the waiter but their assistant delivery the food that seemed to be having an off morning. I don't care for eggs, but tried my husbands cheese frittia - oh my was it good. The french toast was over the top.We also had breakfast at the spa. They have the BEST coffee. Try the spa in the Palazzo for breakfast it is healthy and so tasty.Go to the spa for attentive service. It is worth the long trek over from the Venetian. You can take a short cut over the pool desk on the fourth floor. It is a lot faster and less winding then going through the hotel.We would highly recommend the Venetian and would go again in a flash.	
Sep 18 2009 	Wow! What a beautiful resort....I'm missing it right now!	My first impression of The Venetian was the Wow factor, the facilities, service and restaurants were wonderful, especially the Grand Lux Cafe great food and service.The pool area is absolutely beautiful the entrance to The Venetian is stunning and the beautiful paintings on the ceiling.The suite was huge and just fabulous, no complaints at all. It is central to everything and just across the street from the Volcano and Pirate show as well as a 5 mins. walk to the Fashion Show Mall. I would definitely go back. Thanks Westjet for overbooking at the Bellagio and putting me up at The Venetian.	
Sep 18 2009 	Fantastic Hotel but takes time to find your way round.	With over 7000 rooms and joined to The Palazzo it is a HUGE complex . Both of us got lost once and ended up in the wrong tower. Loads of restaurants all about the same price and two food courts mainly burgers and Italian. Plenty of chairs round the pools and staff bring you cold towels, cucumber for your eyes ans sliced orange. Room was twice the normal size with three Televisions including one over the double wash basins (don't ask me why). The Hotel is at the top of the Strip in a decent part but we walked down to Planet Hollywood about half an hours walk. All the way on every block were lines of Spanish speaking women and men with 'Girl in 20 minutes' T shirts pushing cigarette card pictures of semi dressed women. The pavement was littered with discraded cards. Two pole dancers could be seen and people with microphones were trying to get people in bac ked by loud music. . The whole thing looked tacky and sordid. For really good bargains go to the Las Vegas Outlet mall near the Airport. (Taxi $19.).Good Hotel, Helpful staff. Excellent food. Unfriendly fruit machines!.	
Sep 17 2009 	Amazing stay at the Venetian	Stayed at the Venetian from 9/13-9/16. The whole experience we had was simply amazing. We stayed in a Bella View Suite, which had a semi-decent view of the strip, but more of a view over the pool areas of the Venetian/Palazzo. The rooms were very spacious and well appointed and were simply gorgeous in every way, shape and form. We got very lucky at check-in on Sunday, because we only had to wait in line for about 3 minutes. Later during the day, I noticed that there were over 100+ people waiting to check in, so I could see how some people could complain about the check-in queue. The location of the Venetian is perfect, because it is close to everything and the Monorail boards @ Harrah's/IP etc. . .) However, in regards to gambling, I found myself only to be lucky at the Venetian! Not only was the gambling good, but the drink service is off the charts. You can get any free cocktail while gambling made with top shelf liquor( we had grey goose white russians and patron margaritas on the rocks). This is the only casino that treated me well on the entire trip!!! We got our room for ~$150 per night, which is a great deal and I would highly recommend staying at this hotel if you can get a room at &lt;$200/night. The only negative that I can think of was that the battery was low on the in-suite safe, so it took a little bit of time to lock our money up.P.S. The &quot;perfume smell&quot; of the hotel was not over-bearing to us, I actually liked how it masked the smell of any lingering cigarette smoke.	
Sep 17 2009 	Fantastic Stay!	WOW, that is what you say the minute you see the Venetian Resort Hotel and Casino both on the outside and the inside! I saw previous posts of lack of customer service but I did not experience any of that, in fact they were quite prompt to my needs in many ways. My wife traveled with me and was in need of a refrigerator for medications and when we asked it was brought right up. The place is beautiful, I saw again from other posts that the place is starting so show age, again I saw none of that, my room (21-235) in the Venetian Tower was quite impressive the cleaning service did a good job each night. As mentioned all of their rooms are suites, ours had two queen beds a sunken living area with a large curved couch, dinning table and computer desk. Three TV's and one of the largest restrooms I have seen with separate Shower, Large Tub marble double sink, sitting area for the ladies and best of all separate room for the toilet!I was there for a medical conference and the meetings rooms are HUGE and very well designed. They have 5 floors of rooms, my conference had around 3000 in attendance and we only filled 3/4 of their large banquet hall, and with all the breakout sessions the Venetian was a perfect choice.Some have posted that they don't like the Venetian Fragrance that is put in the casino and the hallways, but again it did not bother me, I found it refreshing. If you choose to stay at the Venetian must sees are:Phantom of the Opera, I am not an Opera fan but this show was magnificent! Wax Museum (don't remember the name) we had a great time going thourgh this and it was worth the price of admission.Pool City! They have at least 6 pools to choose from with lots of space and nice gardening all around. Venetian Shops, you have to experience this, they have a river going through it and gondola rides available with drivers who will sing to you during your ride.Restaurants, you don't have to go anywhere else to eat, they have Several places to eat from fine dining to quick eats. The place is HUGE, I was there for 5 plus days and did not get to see all of the Resort I will definately stay there again in the future. Thanks to the Venetian for making our stay so wonderful, I have NO complaints, I am one that does not give out much 5's but you earned this one.	
Sep 16 2009 	Wow what a hotel resort - if you like glitz you have arrived!	If you had to spend all your time in Vegas in one hotel/resort why would you go past the Venetian. From the rooms which are exquisite, 3 plasma per room/suite, the San Marco Square, canals with singing gondaliers, shops, Shows.This Hotel is everything one would expect from Vegas. Reasonably priced and with excellent facilities	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice facility; large deluxe rooms	we enjoyed the Venetian -- check in was a little slow but the desk agent was pleasant until she advised me our room with a view we'd reserved was downgraded to no view but with a courtesy pro rata refund - I insisted we receive the room reserved and then after a discussion the agent had with management we received the room reserved at the rate reserved; I assume they have a yield algorithm and we didn't make the cut but insistence was met with agreement and we received the room booked after the hassel; the room itself was nice and expansive; furniture was not new but tvs were and there was no uncleanliness or other defects; the facilities of the resort were beautiful and pretty amazing including the enclosed St Mark's square where we had dinner and nice strolling opera singers etc for free entertainment; more than 20 restaurants, tons of marble and a central location for strip access makes this a recommended choice	
Sep 14 2009 	You get what you pay for	The room was expensive at ~ 317/night for Fri &amp; Sat nights, and was even their cheapest room. Restaurant prices were not cheap etc. BUT, the place is great, and we will almost definitely go back.Stand out features: Food (almost ridiculous quality and array), staff (attitude &amp; staffing levels were strong everywhere), very nice room, even if expensive, beautiful setting etc., free valet (though I think other properties have that as well)Minor weaknesses: The Venezzia wing/tower where we stayed is a bit confusing to get around in, most of the main pool (not Tao Beach) is in mid-day shade, which isn't bad in summer but no tanning, and other pools are a tad tight on lounge chairs, but we got a pair after a 10-minute wait - not bad.Had fun going to the Tao night club, which was quite a scene, but we had 0 wait &amp; 0 cost, due to being guests, and my wife-date (would have been $15 w/o fem). Definitely a younger crowd, but in mid 40s, we had fun anyway.We went to Wynn to the Le Reve (Cirque style water show, which was great), and Wynn was also very nice, but we seemed to like the look/feel of Venetian better, and the limited interface we had w/ Wynn staff said that Wynn's folks are 'average', vs top notch for Venetian.Bottom line -- if you want a premium destination (with matching pricing), I can't imagine doing better than Venetian/Palazzo.	
Sep 13 2009 	gorgeous close to everything	My son, daughter and I booked this hotel through our travel agent. We got a great deal on the price because it was summer rates. What a room!! Big, clean and comfortable beds, everything you could ask for and more!We ate breakfast at the Grand Lux Cafe every day. Great food and service is friendly, quick and efficient.The hotel itself is so huge you could spend all your time there discovering all the beautiful things it has to offer. It's clearly the most beautiful hotel in all of Vegas.The Blue Man Group show was awesome and worth every penny. We are not gamblers but did have fun playing the slots a little bit.When I go to Vegas again this is where I'll be staying.	
Sep 13 2009 	Venetian is not your answer	Ok , It is not your answer. I looks nice when you enter the amazing lobby. My room was very nice. But we you see in depth, you can see many stupid things. 1- It took them ages to bring our luggage to the room. 2- The room lacks many basic things like slippers, laundry bags, 3- The toilet has no shower spray. I mean this is very basic thing in a 5 star Vegas resort. 4- The pool is very very dirty and not clean at all. Very disappointing!! 5- No body bother to ask you if wish to have a drink.	
Sep 13 2009 	Beautiful rooms great strip location	The rooms were fantastic, if I could have packed the bed I would have. They were cleaned daily and just great! Wold really reccomend. The pool area on 10th floor was a hidden gem for peace and quiet.	
Sep 12 2009 	As good as it gets	The hotel gets better and better. This was my 2nd visit and I have to say this is probably my favorite hotel on the strip.The hotel itself is beautiful of course, but the room gets even better. The standard suite we stayed at (the hotel is all suites) is the size of a studio apartment. It has the bedroom area and a step down living space. The huge bathroom is probably anyone's fantasy, soaking tub, mini TV, and all the bells and whistles. Our room had total of 3 TVs and we ended up watching them all.The resort itself has tons of dining options. I was able to get pastries for breakfast at the pastry stand (multiple locations on the casino floor) and gelato is to die for at the food court.Worth every penny***I highly recommend &quot;Noodle Asia&quot; by the casino. Its your &quot;Dimsum-Chinese-Asian&quot; all in one combo casual dining. For Vegas the price is reasonable, plenty of options, and the food is actually good. I highly recommend the shumai and any of the noodle soups.***I personally didn't love &quot;Blueman Group&quot; show. We had the cheapest tickets and I'm glad we did. I was expecting more extravagance but it was a bit too animated and too interactive. Not bad, just not great. I did enjoy some of their stunts like with the drums and digital props.	
Sep 11 2009 	WoW!	Fun hotel, cool things to see and doGlitz galore!Centrally located, gondola rides are fun and a must do.Lots of shopping inside the hotelBe sure to walk thru the entire hotel very beautiful	
Sep 11 2009 	Have to go there for class and style... Bring your wallet...	This is my most favorite Hotel in Las Vegas.. the 1st hotel, not the new one. I have been back 4 more times and stayed in the suites 34~36 floors. Great staff, very professional, and clean! At your beck and call! The Venetian has everything you would want! Entertainment, shows, great food, especially the Delmonico restaurant! A must stop for the hungry for good tasting food! Large clean rooms, quiet, clean, all around excellent experience! No pets, but that is the case for any classy hotel! Highly recommended!	
Sep 10 2009 	Nice and friendly hotel.	Flew to Vegas on Southwest on Sept. 6th. Wanted to avoid the outrageous charge for a Sat. night stay. Stayed from Sun - Wed. in a Bella Suite in the Venezia tower for about $80 a night. Joined the Grazie players club on my previous trip and even though I only played slots briefly, I received an e-mail with this great rate offer. I tried to book on line as there was a rate of about $50 per night, but it wouldn't go through, so I called the Venetian. I'm glad I did because I learned that the lower rooms in the Venizia look at the parking garage. The room we had was on the 12th floor and had a great view of the airport and the mountains. We checked in at about noon. It did take about 45 minutes for the bell hop to bring our bags to our room, which seemed a bit long even for a big hotel. You do need to be in the room to receive your bags. The bell hop was very friendly with regards to giving tips for getting around the hotel. The hotel and casino were relatively easy to get around if you read the signs. The room was beautiful and clean. The bed was comfortable, but not great. The staff we met were very friendly and their is security everywhere. Make sure you have your key with you as they ask to see it all day long before going to the halls that lead to your room. The casino was nice but drink service was slow and the slots were very tight, which was expected being Labor Day weekend. This seemed to be a reoccuring theme at many of the casinos on this trip. We did not use the pools, but walked around the main pool area. There are a lot of chairs, but many were not getting sunlight at 11 am. The Venetian seemed to have a large number of kids, but the hotel was quiet with regards to not having kids screaming or hearing people partying in the hallways. As with most hotels in Vegas, the walls between rooms are thin, but it's not bad.We did see Zumanity, which I booked before I left for Vegas and the show appeared to be sold out, so I'm glad we booked before we left. The show is very good, but is an adults only and you need to be open minded and not offended easily as it is very sexual and the performers do get the audience involved. We booked tickets for Wayne Brady and Legends though tickets for tonight, which is a great place to get discounted tickets for the shows that day or the next. Wayne Brady was very funny. Legends has good impersonators, but it was only ok. I will say that none of the venues appeared to have a bad seat as the theaters were small. We also saw Titanic at the Luxor on the last day of our trip. We both enjoyed it, but do not think it's worth the $30 per ticket that was paid at the box office. The box office at Luxor by the Titanic exhibit was also very slow. They has 3 people working it, but only 1 seemed to really be working.I usually only eat at one buffett per trip, but on this one we ate at three. The buffett at Treasure Island was descent. The buffett at Paris was very disappointing as the it was about a 45 minute wait to get in for lunch and the food was bland. The Spice Market buffett at Planet Hollywood was excellent as always. With regards to to other restaurants; Margarittaville was great as always with regards to food and drink and the atmosphere. BLT at the entrance to the Mirage has good BBQ nachos and shakes, but the hamburgers are not worth the price. Happy hour at the Cantina in the Shops at Venetian had good drinks and food.Before I left for Las Vegas, I paid $10 per person for the early bird check in on Southwest, so I could make sure I would sit next to who I traveled with and not be in Vegas having to make sure I'm at checking in exactly 24 hours before my flight. The early bird worked out well as we were A20. The concierge at the Venetian checked us in and printed our boarding pass and it did not cost anything, but I did tip her $5. Next to the concierge desk at the Venetian is a company that charges $20 per person and you can check your bags there if you are flying Southwest and I forget what other airlines. They will also print your boarding pass when you check in your bag. The next time you see you bags is when you get off the plane at your destination. I feel the service is worth it if you are flying out of Vegas late because then you do not have to worry about going back to your hotel just to get your bags before heading to the airport. We checked our bags in at the Venetian, and then took the monorail to MGM and and explored the south side of the strip. When we had to go to the airport we took a taxi from Mandaly Bay, which is where we happened to be and the taxi ride was cheaper.Overall, Vegas was fun as always and I would stay at the Venetian again if I could get a good rate on the room.	
Sep 9 2009 	it wasn't bad	The hotel was packed everywhere at the hotel all Labor Day's weekend. The pools were packed. There was a beach party at Tao Beach (which the room faces), so the partying blasted from 6pm-4am both friday and saturday night.I like that it's conveniently located on the Strip. The casino isn't bad. The pools would be nice if there're not that many people at it.The reservations desks are packed but they work fast. We didn't feel comfortable checking our stuff at the desk after we checked out because there were so many people.I would come back, but not when it's a holiday's weekend.....	
Sep 9 2009 	Hated the Venetian	We booked the room directly with the hotel and was told that the cheapest suite that could accomodate our family (including 3 kids) was the Rialto suite for $359 per nite!We received a room by the elevators which due to the noise of guests getting out of the elevator (and screaming, no matter what hour) kept us awake until 6 am the next day. We asked to be moved the next day and were moved to a Bella suite which had the same number of beds but without a foyer for $50 less!!!!!!!!! Why didn't they offer this to me to begin with??? The beds were very uncomfortable so that when 1 person turned over the other person felt it.Perhaps due to the sheer size of the place, the hotel was a zoo with an average age of 19 of the guests and the type of people that you wouldn't want to be around your kids. Would definitely stay somewhere else next time.	
Sep 9 2009 	Remove the Under-aged Girls Exploiting Themselves	1. Check-In was good2. Lost our luggage bringing it up to the room which delayed us over an hour.3. Rooms are above average although the lighting is very poor4. Grand Lux Cafe, B&amp;B Restaurant and Dos Caminos in the Pallazio all delivered with great food.5. The casino was average; although, not for the frugal gambler.6. The hotel is large trying to service a lot of guests so if you are driven by customer service basically don't go to Vegas and don't stay at the Venetian. It took 2 days for the maid to provide full-service to our room.7. Canyon Ranch Spa was lucsious and an experience to remember; although, the pick-up service in the spa was poor8 The Venetian needs to seriously consider having an outside entrance/exit to Tao Beach and other pool scenes. The hotel was inundated with trashy, obnoxious, drunken, scantily clad, under-aged teenagers and young 20 somethings obviously there without adult supervision or any display of respect for themselves and those around them. This included guests and non-guest (identified with green armbands) alike. There was no apparent intervention by the hotel or security. I find this irresponsible of the hotel to allow this behavior to impact paying patrons. At least they could enforce a dress code throughout the inside of the hotel.....a bathing suit cover-up would be a start. 9. All in all the Venetian was a total dissapointment....see #8. Some things worth doing is to visit the Minus Five Degree Bar at the Mandalay Bay, dine at MIx at the Mandalay Bay, take a Sundance Helicopter Tour to the Grand Canyon as early as possible, Roller coaster ride at NY NY, Canyon Ranch Spa at the Venetian and take Limo rides vs. Taxi rides....it's worth the extra money.Stay at Palazzo vs. the Venetian...the issue stated in #8 seemed to be controlled there. If you are getting married or renewing your vows like we did then do not book your event at The Wedding Bells Chapel. Go to www.aboutvegasweddings.com and check out my review.My last parting words for the Venetian.....get some class and put your clothes back on!	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent 5 Start Hotel On Strip	This is our favorite hotel out of any place we've ever stayed around the world. It is a beautiful resort with pools, a large casino, and more. DO NOT BRING YOUR KIDS! :)	
Sep 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel but no extras included.	Stayed at the Venetian for three nights at the start of September. Room was amazing, 28th floor, view of the strip, bath &amp; seperate shower, 3 flat screen HD TV's, massive very comfy bed and large corner sofa. We were in most of the hotels and the Venetian was the nicest we saw.Pool area was great and ample towels and covers provided. Our suite rate included two tickets to phantom, which cost $166 each so this made the room cost of $149 a night seem very reasonable. Phantom was good although it is the abridged version.There are however no extras included in the room. There is no fridge or any room in the digital mini bar. WIFI was free at the pool and lobby but $9.99 per day in the room. Breakfast also not included.We checked in at 1 and they said they would call us as soon as room was ready. After we had done all our things at 4 with no phonecall, I went to check and the room was ready. Not what was needed after a long days travelling.Overall hotel is stunning, rooms amazing but due to the size is a little impersonal (all Vegas hotels will be) and you will end up paying for all the extras.	
Sep 7 2009 	Fake place - but the service and comfort is genuine	I enjoyed this far more than I ever expected. Our suite was lovely - comfortable beds, lots of room, amazing bathroom. Every member of staff we spoke to went out of their way to be helpful. My 19 year old nephew was thrilled by this place and loved the Vegas experience. The whole place is fake, but there is plenty of fun to be had and the Venetian Resort is a great place to stay. It was recommended to me and I recommend it to you.	
Sep 6 2009 	Have to thank the Venetian . . .	Honestly, my overall impression of Las Vegas was one of horror -- it was just too fake for me (and my daughter as well). The Venetian was the only bright spot of our stay in Las Vegas. We had adjoining Venezia Bella View Suites, and they were spectacular. The beds were sooo comfortable, the a/c was great, the sitting area was spacious and comfortable, the bathroom was huge and luxurious. It was convenient to have shows and nice stores/restaurants right downstairs, as well as a couple of pools. But here's the big Thank You Venetian: after we checked out, my daughter discovered that she left her ring in the bathroom in our suite. Given the size of the hotel and the number of guests coming and going each day, I didn't think we'd ever see the ring again. But I emailed the Venetian when we got home, and the next day I got a phone call from the Venetian telling me that they located this little ring, in all the hundreds (thousands?) of rooms. My daughter had the ring back on her finger within a week. Thank you, Venetian Hotel, for wonderful customer service! I'm recommending the Venetian to everybody I know who's going to Las Vegas!	
Sep 5 2009 	LOVED THE VENETIAN	We stayed for four nights Aug 25-29th. Had a mountain view room, with a king sized bed on the 28th floor. THe room was spotless, very large and comfortable. Check-in had a long line, but only took about 10 minutes. Many restaurants to eat in, loved the Chef Lux, had breakfast there two mornings. It was large, but really not so hard to find our way around. Thought the pools were too small for the amount of guests. We would definately stay here again. Got a great rate thru Expdedia, but could have also gotten the same rate on the hotel web site. The hotel was mid strip, so very short walk to other casinos and Fashion Mall. Very romantic place to stay also. Loved our stay. Ordered room service one morning, it was delicious and very elegant.	
Sep 5 2009 	Delightful!	Broadly speaking, we no longer stay in Vegas hotels, as we now own our own condo just out of town. However we decided in June to have a couple of days and a night in town to enjoy The Strip and be able to have a drink or three without worrying about DUI police!We had had an e-mailed offer from the Venetian, one night for $118; as extras it included $50 free slot play, £35 off the bill at Woo Restuarant, upgrades on Blue Man Group tickets etc etc.So, I rang them up and booked it. We took the 10 minute drive from our place into town, and valet parked the car. It seemd a loooong walk from the valet desk to the front desk,but we got there, and checked in, at only 11am, although we officially we couldn't do so until 2pm.On entering our suite, our reaction was &quot;Why have we only booked for one night?&quot; ......it was lovely, and - as we later found out - the bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in. We tried calling the front desk to see if we could extend our stay, and got nowhere, so eventually we trolled back to the desk, stood in line for ages again (grrrrrrr) but managed to secure a second night at the same rate - but without the extras.We loved the Venetian, and the Palazzo, the casinos seemed less frenetic than some others on the strip, although they (strangely) were also very busy. Our meal at Woo was scrumptious, with some seared scallops they can serve me in heaven! We were moderately successful in the casino, and overall were well satisfied with our $236 worth.On checking out, we went to the Grazie players club desk, as we had been told that as new members ( we had joined to claim the $50 free play) we wouild be entitled to a 'free gift'. As it turned out, our gift was a further $50 free play. However the really great bit was that although by no means high rollers we had clocked up enough Grazie points to have our second night comp'd free to us, whuich halved the cost of our stay.On the way out we stopped to play our second run of $50 free slot play. We were losing i, slowly - didn't matter it was free play after all! - and in fact were down to $0.58 - yep, fifty eight cents.My wife then started winning, including a progressive jackpot. We cashed out at $247 and some cents. On checking our cash when we got back home to our place in Paradise, we were about $80 UP on what we had gone out with - so we had two nights in the Venetian and gret food and drink, and lots of casino play and came home in profit!	
Sep 4 2009 	Amazing but consider Palazzo instead!	After researching the internet for advice on where to stay in Vegas, we choose the Venetian to get most out of our stay. We ordered a &quot;king size, luxury suite&quot; but when we arrived we could only get a smoking king size, or a two-queen size non-smoking. We had made reservations for the Venetian, but we got the two-queen suite in the Venezia Tower, which (if i am correct) may not be exactly the same... But I am not sure about that one. It was a loooong walk from the lobby to the room because the Venezia Tower is located adjacent to the venetian. (I have no experience in tipping the check-in person to see if you can be upgraded, but maybe this is what you should do... or so i've heard)But all that was forgotten when we saw the room. It was EXTREME. Enormous and very luxurious. I would definitely stay there again!BUT... The Venetian is very very popular and there was a LOT of people. If I should stay in Vegas again I wouldn't stay at the Venetian but rather at the Palazzo, where people seem a bit more down to earth. The staff at the venetian was very helpful and pleasant, but the target audience at the venetian are the posh and all the wannabees. Some of the cocktail-waitresses at the Venetian was very arrogant, and didn't even appreciate the tips we gave them.Be sure to get what you pay for. Don't settle for less - They might try and see if you do, but I am sure you will get what you want if you are persistent.PS - Be sure to check that your mini-bar statements are correct. Apparently, they use weight-triggers, so if you use the minibar-fridge to cool down your own personal beverages, they'll charge you because of the weight difference - FYI.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great resort with everything you need and more	We stayed for two weeks in the Venetian in a very spacious suite overlooking the main pool area. As Vegas destinations go, the Venetian is definately one of those to have on the list to visit - excellent shopping ranging from 'high street' through to 'designer', huge range of restaurants to choose from and an excellent Chinese restaurant off the casino floor that is open quite late into the night, superb facilities from the pool areas through to the helpful and very knowledgeable concierge service. Madame Tussaud's is good fun aswell!With the canals and gondolas, the experience in the Venetian can be a little over the top but it is fun and it made going to buy my afternoon Chai Latte quite entertaining.We really enjoyed our stay and the Venetian was a great base for a holiday that was full of concerts and excursions, as well as relaxing by the pool and a little bit of gambling.It isn't cheap to stay in the Venetian but if you are looking for great facilities, a large suite with a tv in every room (bathroom included) and everything Vegas can offer on the doorstep then this would be a great hotel for you.	
Sep 3 2009	Trip Report Aug 25-29th	Heres my trip report from Aug 25-29th.I found a pretty good deal thru Expedia for 2 from Orlando to Vegas, Price included 4 nights at Venetian, airport parking and transport from airport to hotel and return. We flew Delta, we liked it there was quite a bit of leg room. The cost was just over $1000. together. I went thru venetians web site, the room rate would have been about the same either way. Everything went very smooth and we happy with our choices.I found a great link thru TA for a discount on &quot;O&quot;, it was using the code summer and I got very good seats, first seat at $125 and second for $25.00. We really enjoyed the show and felt it was well worth the money.We arrived at the Venetian around 4 pm. there was a long line but only ended up waiting for about 10 minutes to get checked in. Very friendly check in, no problems. We got a mountain view room on the 28th floor. It was wonderful. We loved having all the room to spread out in. It was very quiet,. I had read about slamming doors all night, but we heard none of that. Loved the 3 tvs. The bathtub was huge I was wondering if there would be enough hot water to fill it. There was and it filled quickly. We did not find the hotel so hard to find our way around, just remember some landmarks to your room. I thought the pools were kind of small for so many people, but did not have any trouble finding chairs. We were kind of tired the first night so we ate at Dos Caminos in the Venetian, we had a coupon for 25 off 50 or more. The food was very good and fresh tasting. We stayed in the casino there as it was pretty empty. The Grand Canal was alot of fun to explore. There are so many places to eat in the Venetian it is hard to decide.The next morning we ate at the Cafe Lux in the Venetian.I had the banana pecan pancakes, they were delicious and 3 people could have gotten full off my plate. DH had the strawberry french toast, it was excellent as well. We liked the food so much we went back the next morning too.We went and explored the strip after this, took lots of pictures. We hadn't been to vegas in about 15 years so there was alot to see. Went in most the casinos to look around. I don't think any of the big ones pay out any kind of money. Didn't see anyone winning big in 4 days. We wandered down to the fashion mall and ate at stripburger. The shakes were yummy. Had a restaurant.com gift certificate and had no problems using it.The casinos and streets were not too crowded on Tues, Weds, but by Thurs and Friday it started getting crazy crowded. Went to see Jersey Boys Thurs night,, I went directly to Pallazo and bought the tickets, figured it was about the same. Came out to around 100 each, they were good seats and we really enjoyed the show. Went out to see Bellagio fountains and Mirage volcano after the show. It was not too bad, couldn't get up front but could still see pretty well. We wandered down to TI to try and see the siren show, but that was crazy packed so we left. We also went to Cafe Reba for the tapas, had another gift certificate which we used with no problem. The food was good but priced a little high. I had bought a few other gift certificates from restaurant.com that we didn't get around to using, but they will refund them if you call customer service.There were other things we wanted to see and just ran out of time or thought they just cost too much. It is not the old vegas with the cheap drinks and cheap food. We really liked the Venetian and would stay again, it was a great location.	
Sep 2 2009 	Best room ever eventually	We were able to check in within 10 minutes of arrival. When we got to our room, we found that only one light in the entire suite was working. So, we called the front desk, which took 7-8 minutes until we could talk to a human after going through the prompts, and were told that either they would send up an electrician or we could change rooms, and they would send up security to let us in and also someone with our new room keys. We decided to change to a room down the hall. We waited outside the room for 30 minutes and no one showed up. A maid went by and was kind enough to call for us. After another 10 minutes security finally showed up to let us in. Still no room keys. While we waited, we started to put things away and found that the safe was inaccessible. So, we called the desk again, waiting another 7-8 minutes to talk to a human, and explained the situation. We were told that someone would be sent up. After 10 minutes, someone did and fixed the safe in no time. Still no room keys. Again we called the desk, again waiting 7-8 minutes for a human, telling them we felt we were being held hostage in our room. We were told that they would send someone up (OH NO!) or we could pick them up downstairs. We decided on the latter. After all was said and done, we loved the room and the hotel. Largest and most comfortable room we ever stayed in - very clean, 3 nice tvs, remote controlled curtains. The smell in the lobby was quite pleasant. A pain that we couldn't use the fridge because of the sensors on their stuff, but we used one of the 2 sinks, filling it with ice to keep our beverages cold. The best perk we received was the $50 slot credit, and we came away with $55. We did the outdoor gondola ride and loved it. Madame Tussaud's was fun. We had dinner at the hotel and it was very good. The pools were great, and there were plenty of lounge chairs and towels.	
Sep 1 2009 	Not Impressed	I expected an outstanding hotel, but it was mediocre at best. Stayed in the Venezia Bella view suite which was really just a very large room with a sunken living room. The 1st room we were given was very dirty with used pillowcases left in the room. The 2nd room was better but not perfect. The view was supposed to be of the strip but the hotel is set back from the Blvd. so when you look out the window you can see The Mirage and Treasure Island along with ugly roof tops of other buildings in front of the hotel. There was a mini-bar fridge in the room with no space but you can rent one for $25 per day, which is outrageous. The pkg. came with cont. breakfast that was pretty basic-breads, coffee and juice. It was average but ok. The hotel was pretty with painted ceilings and marble everywhere. It has 2 food courts and restaurants that are pricey. There are 2 pool areas that are nice but not fun like some other hotels. There’s a lot of walking, just to get to the casino or food court from the room is a hike-had to take 2 elevators just to get to the lobby. There is nowhere to sit either. The only places to sit were at the slots, card tables, bars and restaurants- anywhere that you can spend money (like all hotels in area.) We got a good deal booking through Expedia because we went off season but it’s never cheap to go to Vegas- food, drinks, shows and attractions are all expensive year round! Not to mention the gambling. Bottom line- this hotel is nice but nothing special.	
Sep 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	A fabulous hotel with great rooms. Plenty of space and quality fittings - the bed was amazing! The hotel is just unbelievable and it is quite easy to get lost in as it is so big. You have to walk through the casino or the shops to get out to the street, so it is a 10 minute walk just to get outside. Tao Beach is on the pool deck (4th floor) and is very nice but the drinks are extortionate - 2 beers and 2 frozen soft drinks = $46!1 minor downside was that security bang on doors of people who fail to respond to a wake up call, which meant we had 2 early wake ups without asking for them. The phones are loud enough so I don't know why they couldn't respond to the wake up.All in all we were glad we chose this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Unbelievable hotel - loved it!! Definitely one of the best	We stayed here last year on the final leg of our honeymoon and we couldn't have been more thrilled with our choice, particularly as it ended up being cheaper than some of the 4 star hotels on the strip as (and here's a tip for the brits) this hotel didn't (and hopefully won't) add a supplement for staying over a weekend, where virtually every other hotel did.In a short ride from the airport we knew the minute we arrived this was something spectacular and whilst i wasn't hugely impressed with vegas as a whole, the stay at the hotel was just fantastic.Granted, this is a massive hotel - what isn't in Vegas, and if you are used to what we would consider a 'normal' hotel, you'll be shocked - it's huge. But in our opinion, this was no bad thing, it's all part of the Vegas experience. Check in takes a while unless you arrive very late and it's quite trek to your room through the casino, and the many floors, but it's worth it, the rooms is amazing. This is fairly priced luxury, with plush furnishings, excellent equipment and wonderful facilities. Set on a double level, you have two plasma screen TV's within 10 feet of each other, a bed to die for, and a corner sofa. The only downside was the view from the enormous windows, which inevitably looked out over building work - but this would probably be the case at any hotel as there is constant building work all over Vegas.The hotel is well placed, and if you get the chance take in the resident show - Phantom of the opera during our visit, which was fantastic. It has everything you could need on site, including designer shops and and the famous gondolas.Try, if you have time to take a helicopter out to the Grand Canyon, this was definitely the highlight of our stay, the Bellagio fountains are great too, the operate about every half an hour and definitely worth seeing during the day and at night.The Venetian, also has the Pallazo next to it, which was almost finished when we visited, as the Venetian's sister hotel, i'm sure it will be amazing, and we would definitely stay here again and recommend it if we ever returned to Vegas.Go and enjoy!! It's fantastic!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Fabulous stay	Just returned from a 5 night stay Aug 23-29. Our second trip to Vegas. Much preferred the Venetian to the Bellagio. The Venetian connecting to the Palazzo is huge. So many restaurants. We had a great fish tacos at Dos Caminos. The Grand Lux breakfast buffet was not as big as the Bellagio buffet but was a good meal with more than enough choices. Yummy risotto from the Canaletto Ristorante. Our room was quite large with a nice view of the pool area and the north strip. We kept the blinds open all night and from the raised bed area the lights were beautiful. I have read other comments about the rooms cleanliness and lighting. Our room was perfect. Housekeeping visited daily and if you follow the directions and place any towels you want replaced on the floor they always left fresh ones. Everyone we encountered was extremely pleasant and helpful. The pool is crowded but we never had trouble finding a lounge. We saw the Rat Pack show at the Plaza and Beatles Love...I would recommend both. I wish I were back there now and we liked the aroma. I was always glad to step back into the Venetian after being out on the strip.	
Aug 31 2009 	loved it!	enjoyed every minute of are stay! stayed for 10days would of stayed longer. staff helpful. hotel is very central to every where. good restaurants in hotel good value for money. loved it	
Aug 30 2009 	Definately a 5 Star Hotel	My fiance and I recently traveled to Vegas for a long weekend. We have been to Vegas before and stayed at Treasure Island. We opted for the Tower Suite at Treasure Island and weren't disappointed. However, for those of you who are familiar with the hotels on the strip, the venetian is almost directly across the street from Treasure Island. It caught our eye so when we decided to head back out to vegas we decided to try the venetian. This resort is definately 5 Stars from the staff to the room. We usually like to get the &quot;upper tier&quot; rooms in hotels where ever we stay but our basic room at the Venetian was better than some of the nicest rooms we stayed at other hotels. This resort was clean, the rooms... well even the basic room took our breath away. We liked the air freshner they must have put through the vents. The location is nice, its convenient to most other attractions on the strip but still quiet. The only draw back to this resort is that it is very expensive. Long island ice teas were 12 bucks a pop but were great. The nice thing about being expensive is that it excludes some of the other people you really don't want to be bunking next to. Tip: if you're not all about gambling take day trips. Las Vegas is a great starting point for a bunch of short drives to some great places. We went to Lake Havasu, AZ (beautiful drive), Death Valley, and Area 51 (definately get an Alien Burger at the Lil Ale' Inn. Something quirky but still a lot of fun.	
Aug 30 2009 	Super nice except for the check in	Checked in for 3 night stay Venetian room 9138. Was promised a high floor with a view of the Las vegas Strip, but got the 9th floor at the end of the hallway (long walk to elevator) with a view of the pool that was okay with me so I didnt complain. The suite was comped.Pros: Clean, Friendly, Good food.Cons: Bad Vegas economy = tight slots!TIP:Walk next door to Casino Royale for $1 Michelob beer in the bottle.	
Aug 30 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	The Venetian is an amazing hotel! Check in was not a problem, probably because we arrived at 1:30am because of a delayed flight and a wait to pick up our car rental. They said I was getting a view of the strip, but got a view of the pool instead. I had no problem with that. How much time in total is spent in the room anyway? The room was very clean when we arrived and never had a problem with housekeeping. They probably could have left more then 2 towels though. I found nothing broken or damaged in my room, everything was in working order. I've read reviews about people not liking the flowery smell in the hotel, I actually didn't mind it. It's very strong when you first walk in I will say, in fact you can smell it well before you enter any of the doors to the hotel. After a while though you get use to it and don't even smell it anymore. There was no noise from the halls. Just be careful the room doors are very heavy and close hard. The one thing that could use improvement is the valet service, it's a little on the slow side. Another thing is the casino pulled a David Copperfield and made my money disappear, it's an amazing trick. Ha. I would absolutely stay here again in a heartbeat. I also got an amazing travel agents rate of $99/night which couldn't be beat. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Aug 30 2009 	what a room	The hotel room was very luxurious. 3 TV in the room, a very big sofa, very good and big bed Also the outside and insite of the hotel is unbilievable	
Aug 29 2009 	Venetian great hotel! Way better than Bellagio!	My stay at the Venetian was top notch. We were treated first class as soon as we arrived to the hotel from the airport. Staff took care of our bags as we were directed to the line for checking. Although a long snaking line was infront of us we were at the counter in a matter of minutes. We asked for a room in the Venetian tower (More modern decor than the Venezia) that was as high as possible and close to the elevators (nothing worse than being on the outside of the builiding and having to hoof it to and from the elevator every time you need to leave your room). We got a room on the 24th floor only three doors from the center cooridor (and no we could not hear the elevators at all). Although we did not pay extra for a strip view room we did get a nice partial view.The room was amazing. Large, beautifully decorated, very comfortable bed. One of my best sleeps on vacation! We did most breakfasts at the Grand Lux Cafe just a few steps from the elevators on the main floor. They have a wonderful Express Breakfast for $15 that has lots of choices (Omlettes, baked goods, cereal, fruit, coffee and juice included) that was all you can eat. A very good value. We also the shows at the Venetian seeing the Phantom and Jersey Boys (Palazzo). I would recommend both to anyone.The question I always get asked? How did it stack up to the Bellagio? I would recommend the Venetian without hesitation. I've stayed in both the Venetian and Bellagio within 3 months of each other and found the Venetian far superior. The Bellagio public areas are always so crowded with gawking tourists that always seem to be in the way. The Bellagio rooms, although very nice, were not of the same luxury as the Venetian. Also, the shows offered at the Venetian/Palazzo are second to none... It was so nice not having to travel up and down the strip to take in such wonderful entertainment.If given the choice, try the Venetian. You'll be glad you did!	
Aug 29 2009 	Most beautiful resort	This was my first visit to Las Vegas, my husband chose the Venetian Resort for our anniversary.We stayed at the Venezia Tower in the Venezia Bella Suite. I was a bit surprised when first entering the room, very large and beautiful but more outdated than I expected after viewing the suites online. To me the room looked more like the Venezia Luxuary room does online.Other than that, the suite, hotel &amp; pool is gorgeous with excellent service &amp; amenities...theres nothing more you could ask for, this resort has it all &amp; more!	
Aug 28 2009 	Venetian with a view of the Mirage Treasure Island and Trump Hotel.	We read all the comments from other travellers on tripadvisor what and what not to do during our trip and it was very helpful. For instance we did ask the taxi driver not to take the freeway to our hotel, so therefore from the airport to venetian hotel cost $22 excluding tips. We were advised on the tripadvisor from other fellow travellers to tip $1/bag for the taxi driver. We did noticed a difference in fare when we were going home from the venetian to the airport on Thursday August 27th, 2009, the husband deliberately didn't ask the taxi driver to avoid the highway and the fare ended up $29 excluding tips for the baggage handling. So now we know the difference and we will definately insist the driver to talk the alternate route other then the freeway.The husband signed up for the players club membership at the Venetian in order to have the early check in. We did the $20 sandwich between the photo id and the credit card and we asked for the highest floor possible with a beautiful view. The front desk clerk quickly says &quot;of course&quot; with a big smile. Our original reservation at the venetian was for a suite type: Venetian Rialto Suite - 2 Queen beds and after the $20 sandwich we got room#15-205 which was high enough to see part of the Mirage hotel, all of Treasure Island and all of Trump hotel and the hotel pools downstairs in the courtyard.Our room was next to storage rooms so it was very quiet all the time and plus we didn't see anyone coming or going during our four day stay here at this hotel on this particular floor. I quess either not many people know about the sandwich bribe or don't want to pay that extra money. On the print out reservation sheet it listed the suite types and it says that the &quot;Venetian Rialto View&quot; would cost -+$80 more per night because of the view, so i quess it was worth it.We room was very nice and spacious for my three kids to run around in, there were two 42&quot; or 50&quot; flat screen TV in the suite and one small flat screen TV in the bathroom. A remote control for the window curtains which is cool.The bathroom is bigger than an average size bedroom and the suite itself is approximately 1,300 SQ FT give and take.Our first night there, I insisted eating at Treasure Island cost us $66 and it's not worth it because the selection of food was not much to choose from.The next morning we decided to try the all day buffet at Excauliber, we thought it was 24hours buffet but it's only an all day buffet. So we paid and got the braclet at 10am and we can come back anytime to eat until 10pm that day.Travelling back and forth from the Venetian to the Excauliber took roughly 40 minutes each way even though we took the monorail as well. The monorail cost $13/person for 24hours unlimited and kids under 5 ride free.We got lost in Excauliber and a sales person approached us and asked if we were interested in buying one of the shows and that he would give us a good price for it.The catch was that we had to attend a 3-4hours timeshare presentation 15minutes outside of the strip. We were promised four tickets to see the &quot;Tournament of the kings&quot; for $50 upfront and we will receive the show tickets after we completed the presentation for the timeshare. If you buy the tickets at the Excauliber ticketing booth it would cost you $65/person which includes taxes. We thought it's a bargain, and I thought we were probably scammed or something. The sales agent asked a series of questions such as: are you a homeowner, are you married to each other, what family income, what citizen you are, if you read and write english and a few other questions. We showed up the next morning to get on the timeshare bus at the Exclauliber hotel and there were many other people that signed up too.When we got to the Grandview timeshare preview center we were each assigned to a sales agent, they were pressured to make the sales pitch.the mirror image side A and side B suite would cost $41,000 US and the monthly payments would be $2700/month. The next person they pass you onto was the sales manager and then another Co-op and then four hours later after you reject their sales pitch you wait out in another waiting room. Another person will ask you to fill out a questionaire before they issue you the tickets for the show that you wanted.Even though attending this timeshare presentation saved us $200 for the show to see the &quot;Tournament of the Kings&quot; but it was time consuming and you feel like the sales managers are very pushy and they make you go through so many people before you get the tickets. So if you don't mind wasting four hours of the vacation time and saving some money on the show otherwise don't go.The Tournament of the King was a dinner show set in med evil time in an oval arena where everyone sit and eat and enjoy the one and half hour show. They serve mugs of pop drinks, the entre is one small chicken with a few fries and a piece of brocoli and a sweet pie for dessert. The show overall was just okay but i wouldn't pay $65 per person to go see it.	
Aug 28 2009 	World Series of Poker Tour 2009	Superb Hotel... nice Suites, good Service... perfect Pokerroom	
Aug 28 2009 	This Hotel captures the essence of Vegas	Very good Hotel. We looked at most of the Hotels on the Strip, one of the best.Positives: We were in a family suite for 4: a spacious and well designed room. In the 'right' part of town, it is on the famous 'strip', and has in-house entertainments a plenty, as well as many entertainments nearby. Family friendly.Negatives: Qs for check/out but the same all over Vegas, we suspect. Phantom lift musak drove us potty by end of 5 days! Fridge one of these where you are charged when you lift an object, so unable to use for own things. Could hire one but at a cost. Fitness centre costly ($40/day)	
Aug 28 2009 	Never again - there are better places on the strip	The rooms and pool are gorgeous, but not worth the poor service.The first night everything was fine.The second night our toilet broke and they told us we were being upgraded to a different room. After waiting 30 minutes for someone to call us back we ended up calling the front desk a few times and they finally sent someone up to help us with our bags and take us to our new room/bring new keys. The room was NOT an upgrade and you could tell the hotel did not normally rent this room out to guests. It was dirty, old, worn and there was even a Dora the Explorer sticker stuck to the sink. We refused to stay there and called the front desk to switch rooms for a 2nd time. They told us it would be just 30 minutes and they would call us back. No one called us back and after 45 min we called the front desk and were told our new room wasn't ready. They told us they would give us a call on our cell when it was ready. After waiting around another hour we went out. At 2:30am we arrived back and went to the front desk. FINALLY someone helped us and found us a new room for the remainder of our stay. We were very upset that they had lied to us about being &quot;upgraded&quot; and that they never called us back that night.Upon checkout we mentioned our ordeal and they offered us a free night at the Palazzo the next time we came back to Vegas. We refused. There are better places to stay on the strip.This is supposed to be a five diamond hotel and we expected much better.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good location and great accomidations	Stayed with friends while attending a wedding. Good choice for a home base. Great location and comfortable accommodations. A bit pricey but deals can be had.	
Aug 27 2009 	Best Hotel ever	This is one of my favorite hotel I have ever been to. One of the most luxury hotels, all the rooms are in the form of suite, and located on the strip in Vegas . It also offers the best shows in Vegas and includes a huge mall and numerous bars . I love this hotel its the best. The Suite is huge and extremely comfortable.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent in many ways	Fantastic location, very spacious and nicely decorated suite. The only problem is as it's a very busy hotel, room occupancy turn-around is obviously quick therefore our room was not very clean. Unfortunately we noticed this after we'd settled in, therefore it was too late and we were too tired to request a different room.	
Aug 27 2009 	Beautiful but noisy outside airconditioning	Undoubtedly the Venetian is a beautiful and classy hotel. As a treat, my husband and I decided to spend one night there (having saved money on the previous night at the New York, New York Hotel, which was perfectly acceptable), but I was very disappointed when I realized that the room was fastidiously noisy from the outside casino airconditioning. I called the front desk and was immediately and efficiently given another room on the opposite side of the building which was better, if not really quiet. But really, who wants to pack up the suitcases one more time? In my opinion a stay at the Venetian is not a great value for money, I couldn't spot any really dramatic differences with the quality and service compared with a much more affordable hotel like the New York, New York. Moreover, you can enjoy all the sights of the Venetian also whithout sleeping there, and admittedly the fake Canal Grande, Palazzo Ducale, Ponte di Rialto and Campanile are a great fun to visit, especially if you're from Italy like me.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great fun !	This was our first trip to Vegas and so elected to stay in what we thought would be a luxury hotel and we were not mistaken.Check in was fairly simple - took about 20 minutes - we were allocated a room on the 25th floor with a view of the strip - however when we opened the curtains the first thing we saw were two cranes and a building site...not what we expected at all !We called to the reception and after explaining that we had booked a room with a view of the strip they sent a bellboy up with a key for an alternative room....however this turned out to be on the 10th floor with an even worse view than before (I think the staff may not all be aware of the location of the rooms). I then had to go back to reception where a very pleasant staff member (with a floor plan) found a room with a view of the strip and not an oppressive view of construction) on the 24th floor.If this construction is going to be there for a while the hotel management should take a look at what is done in Venice when unsightly construction work is in progress....they put up a decorated tarpauline which for all intents and purposes completely transforms the view - and it would no doubt make the receptionists jobs a lot easier...and the guest experience much more pleasant. The room itself was spacious with a seating area, work desk, 3 flat screen tv's and a great bathroom (no fighting over who was going to shower first !). We had a great king size bed which was very comfortable and we slept great without any disturbance from guests on the same floor. Fairly peaceful. A nice touch was the electronic controls for the curtains and roman blinds. There was a charge for internet connection in the room whilst it was available free of charge in the public areas - don't quite understand the logic of that as anyone could walk in and use free whilst paying guests had to pay to use it in their rooms - very inconvenient especially for people living in different time zones ???The on-site facilities are amazing....the shopping area with canal and gondola rides running through it and a permanent feeling of dusk was very relaxing and really meant there was no need to leave the hotel unless you wanted a change of scenery.The swimming pool area had lots of sunbeds although most were laid out so you felt you were one large shared bed !! Luckily we managed to find beds with some space on either side which were better. The pool reception staff were very good and explained where everything was which was a nice touch. We had breakfast in the poolside restaurant one morning (eggs with chorizo was very tasty but at 17$ not cheap). My husband asked for more toast and after about 10 minutes was told &quot;so sorry, we can't provide that as the mobile toaster has been moved to another restaurant in the hotel - ???&quot; He was however provided with some bread. Very strange response for this level of hotel......We asked for some herbal tea...which they did not have .....so asked just for a cup of hot water ...and was astonished to find a 0.25 cent charge on the bill.......The waitress poolside service was welcome and the mojitos went down very well...There was a lot of interest in the Tao section of the pool with queues to get in most days and the Tao restaurant at night was jam packed. It was fun watching the shapes and posturing of the girls and boys in the queue.!!Quite liked the Duelling Pianos (which was a new concept to us) We received 50$ slot credits and restaurant discount vouchers upon arrival which were useful although a 30 minute queue to convert the slot credit to a Club Grazie card was a bit much...Overall a great stay...the hotel location is perfect and within a stroll of the show at Treasure Island, the Bellagio Fountains and across the road from the Mirage Volcano....also Cesares Palace offers an alternative shopping experience.Walked down to the Stratosphere but found that end of the strip was not as enticing....Make sure to pay a visit to the Fremont Experience...it was great fun and a highlight of our trip !All in all...well worth staying at this hotel and we look forward to returning soon.	
Aug 26 2009 	Simply the best!	What an experience! What a hotel! Be prepared, however, for the experience - it does take you by surprise - well, it did me! Never stayed in a hotel as luxurious as this. Room only. Beautiful suite. There for 5 nights but wanted to stay longer. So comfy. Massive! Biggest in the world, apparently...	
Aug 26 2009 	Lovely stay	Our family stayed in two separate Bella Suites with a beautiful pool view. The room was large with an area for two queen beds and a sunken living room area. There are three TVs ... one in the living area, one in the bed area and one in the bathroom. The A/C in one of the room was not working but a call to the front desk resulted in a technician responding quickly to fix the issue.The beds and comforter were very comfy but the pillows were not as fluffy ... this is very noticeable because of the huge difference between the comforter and pillow. The housecleaning staff did a good job throughout our stay, although I did find a stray grape in the living room when we first checked in. The bathroom and toiletries provided is very nice.There are definitely lots of pools in the Venetian. There are couple of smaller pools by the Venezia Tower and couple of bigger pools in the main hotel. We used the bigger pools by the main hotel and found them very nice. There are also a few hot tubs but we did not use them. The towel service was good too. We had lots of fun playing in the pool and lounging by it.We hope to be back again soon.	
Aug 25 2009 	Deceptive advertising and the hotel is too big and confusing	Reserved the &quot;Suite Life&quot; package, which contains several included items. One is &quot;One American breakfast for two from In-Suite Dining.&quot; The hotel thinks that means, &quot;Only 1 breakfast, but you can share it with as many people as you want&quot; - even the one cup of coffee and one glass of juice! Was charged for the 2d breakfast; complained to front desk, which agreed with a laugh that this is silly and promised to delete it, but then the charge was still there when I checked out. Didn't try most of the other items, thank goodness. Who knows what deception may be in the others? Such nonsense from a hotel that otherwise has a decent rep for a big place on the strip.Oh, yes, it is big - Venetian, Palazzo, plus a third hotel called Venezia. The layout is very confusing - I've never met so many lost guests before in my life. Other issues - no tissues, no laundry bag, loose toilet seat/cover.All in all, I would say go to some other big resort. The deceptive advertising reveals a mean spirit that underlies the hotel's attitude toward its guests - &quot;There's one born every minute, let's take advantage of all of them.&quot;	
Aug 25 2009 	An Amazing Experience	We recently returned from a wonderful 3 night stay at the Venetian and were extremely please with our choice. We have previously stayed at several other resorts (our favorite being the Mirage), but decided to switch to the Venetian as this was a &quot;special&quot; Birthday trip for my partner. We booked under the special Summer promotion, receiving a rate of $149.00 per night. Check-In was not the lengthy process described by others. We arrived at 2:15 PM and the roped off check-in line was full. Every position at the front desk was manned, and our actual wait in line was 12 minutes. Our staff member, Jonathon James, was professional. courteous and had a great sense of humor.We had 2 rooms on the 20th floor (King/Non-Smoking) 3 doors from each other. Both overlooked the pool and Strip.Everything that has been said about the rooms is true. They are beautifully decorated, spotlessly clean, and huge. We especially loved the remote controlled electric shades and large bathroom.Maid service was never a problem, and our rooms were always cleaned before noon.Elevators were fast and plentiful. Rarely had to wait.The pool area is huge, and finding 4 chairs together was never a problem. In fact, people arriving at the pool around noon were still able to find chairs, even though the hotel itself was quite full.Yes, the hotel is crowded. Yes, you need to walk quite far to get anywhere. But, there is so much to see the time and distances pass quickly.Food and drinks are very expensive at the hotel, so be prepared to find some alternatives. For breakfast, there is a Denny's directly to the left of the hotel next to Sephora. Our 2 breakfasts cost as much as 1 omelet at the hotel.Our only complaint was the hideous perfume smell which permeates the Lobby as well as several areas on the ground level. It certainly is not subtle.We will certainly return to the Venetian and will highly recommend it to all of our friends. There is no reason to stay anywhere else.	
Aug 24 2009 	Bravo	Just walked in the door from driving back to Simi Valley CA from Vegas. My wife and I stayed at the Venetian for the first time. Our suite was in the Venezia Tower, which is actually pretty difficult to navigate your way to; everyone in the various elevators we were requited to take seemed to feel the same way. However, no one seemed particularly upset about the overall experience of being lost in the Venetian. The staff is immediately helpful and, this is just a guess, of course, are all on Effexor. The level of courteousness and good vibes that comes off the property’s staff is worth the price of admission. Then throw in the suites and all around convenience of the on-site amenities and there is just nothing to complain about. The only thing I might not want to do again room-wise is the “strip view.” Our view was across the breathtakingly beautiful condenser and tar covered roof of Bill’s Gambling Hall and across Las Vegas Blvd. to the Mirage, where, even from a bird’s eye perch on the fifth floor, the volcano looks like a questionable use of gas. I think there are pool veiw rooms and we may go that way next time.The bed was great, the pillows a little harder than I like, but now I’m just nit-picking. The bathroom was bigger than some entire rooms I’ve stayed in (but I'm paroled now and I'm clean - kidding of course), and was very nicely appointed (I’m not even exactly sure what “nicely appointed” means, but if they were giving this room away on a game show, I’m certain that’s what they would call it.)We didn’t see any of the shows on the property, but both “Love” and “Mystere” from Cirque Du Solieil are walking distance across the street. We’ve seen Mystere twice and saw Love last night. Both are unthinkably good. And, consider this while you’re watching; the casts of these shows don’t change from performance to performance or even night to night; they are the SAME people performing these spectacles twice a night five nights a week! It's mind blowing. And since the Phantom playing at the Venetian is the Hal Prince directed staging, which I’ve seen elsewhere, I can tell you that’s great, too! We don’t really gamble, but I can tell you that the Dean Martin one cent slot has the best music.Since we caught a mercifully cool if cloudy day and didn’t feel much like being inert, I can’t report much on the pools, save to say that the Venezia Tower has its own small pool/garden and it’s great. And, right there with its outdoor seating area on the deck of the pool, sits Bouchon, which is THE place to have breakfast or on Sundays; brunch. They serve other meals but we didn’t try them so I can’t comment. Breakfast however, rocks. The pastries are key to an enjoyable visit and, if you just want to grab a sandwich and some amazing deserty something, there’s a Bouchon bakery at the Casino level in the Venetian. Such great stuff!&quot;Zine&quot; the inventively decorated Chinese restaurant at the Palazzo doesn’t use MSG. That’s about all I can say about it. It was pretty mediocre for us though in their defense, we were only having Dim Sum appetizers. Overall, our visit to the Venetian was great and we would not hesitate to stay there again. I am checking my email for some kind ‘invite you back’ promotion right now!	
Aug 24 2009 	Another world	Amazing hotel with fantastic attention to detail in creating its theme. Lovely large rooms. If anything the hotel is too big as it takes 10 minutes to get from the Lobby to your room, assuming you can remember the way. Otherwise very good.	
Aug 24 2009 	Fantastic	I stayed at the Venetian for a few days after a work conference at the Mandalay Bay resort and I must say I was impressed. In Vegas 5 star doesn't really mean 5 stars, but then again they are not charging 5 star prices either. So that in mind I think the Venetian offers a great value with a bit of luxury thrown in. Service is ok, quite impersonal and a bit slow but with hotel this size I think it's not unexpected. The room is nice and spacious with a sunken lounge area, perfect for hanging out with friends before or after a big night out. Bed was very comfortable. The bathroom is brilliant! It's really big with two sinks a bath tub and a gigantic shower cubicle that could easily fit in 4 people, fluffy bathrobes and slippers are also available in the room. The toilet is separate. Pool area is lovely and doesn't get overly crowded like some other hotel pools on the strip.I ordered room service breakfast on the first day. It took almost an hour to arrive and was quite expensive, so having wisened up I just went out for breakfast after that. I will definitely stay at the Venetian again.	
Aug 24 2009 	crazy spot	loved my stay in the venetian, would highly recomend it. the size of the hotel is absolutely nuts and it's in a great place to explore the strip. went to see phantom which was only ok but jersey boys was brilliant. the smell in the casino is noticeable but i wouldn't let it put me off. the suites are fab, massive. would definitely recomend. enjoyed the casino as well.	
Aug 24 2009 	Stunning room	As with most hotels in LV, The Venetian is simply vast. The bedrooms are probably the best we have ever stayed in and the beds the most comfortable. Extremely spacious and well equipped - apart from the irritating but growing habit of not providing tea and coffee making facilities in the bedrooms. Also, the minibar is stuffed with overpriced goodies that are electronically tagged - so, even just moving them to put your own things in incurs a charge. Housekeeping was excellent, front desk and concierge good too but try and avoid the principal booking-in times when you can queue for half an hour. Starbucks and other restaurants in the foyer. Location is great, Phantom is showing (excellent) in the hotel theatre and Cirque du Soleil is just next door at the Wynn. You can even take a Gondola ride outside - cheesy but why not - this is Vegas after all. Try and get Strip facing rooms.	
Aug 22 2009 	Superb hotel Vegas-over-the-top experience	Stayed at the Venetian during VMWorld 2008 in one of the tower suites (Venezia).Hotel is fantastic, clean, modern, service is superb. Suites are *very* large with separate/two level living room and bedroom.Concierge and tower lounge are first class.Pool in the courtyard is perfect as it's away from direct sun exposure, yet *very* pleasantly warm in August - quite relaxing with very few people attending VMWorld interested in pools - felt quite private :-)Nothing to be added or taken away - leaves one wondering if The Palazzo is even better, but that's hard to imagine.Only two downsides:1) perfume pumped throughout the hotel &amp; casino may or may not appeal to you (as with art, some people just like it while some don't) - in my opinion the fragrance is not subtle, but not offending either - just noticeable2) when large conventions such as VMWorld are happening, internet connection seems to overwhelmed and slow at times - again, understandable issue, as nobody designs their hotel connection to handle a hotel full of geeks. Good news is that even at peak loads it still worked, just slow (I guess we're all spoiled from broadband experiences at home and work)All in all - great hotel, great experience...	
Aug 21 2009 	Just Another Typical Mega Vegas Resort	I have been to Vegas tons of times. I thought the Venetian was just - o.k. and nothing more. It was typical of the mega casinos in Vegas. It is so large that service is unable to be warm and personal (unless your dropping some serious $$). Don't think I would break my neck to stay here again. First timers in Vegas would love it. There are too many deals to be had in that city to stick with the Venetian.	
Aug 21 2009 	Not recommended	We have just come back from USA, after a great trip.We expected the Venetian to be a GREAT hotel, but once we arrived we have been given a dirty room (not made at the 20th floor). We tried to call the concierge with no success at all. We had to go downstairs again with all our luggages and check for another room.Our suite was not perfectly clean, and we asked for the laundry service ..... suprise.... we got also another guests laundry...... :-( I don't think this is a luxury 5 star hotel at all.BUT the TAO restaurant inside the Venetian is FANTASTIC!!!! Great food, great service!!! Annalaura from Italy	
Aug 20 2009 	Good but could do better	Lets start with some improvements that could be made.Check in was a nightmare, we arrived at approximately 16:00 and joined a massive checkin queue. Took 45 minutes to check in, then once we checked in, waited another 35 minutes for luggage to be delivered, phoned to enquire about the delay and was informed that they had no record of my request for luggage, although I had the yellow slip given to me by the bell-hop. Eventually luggage was delivered 15 minutes later.No Tea or Coffee facilities in the room, with this class of hotel I would have expected better.Pool Areas are excellent with very comfortable loungers and plenty of them.You would not need to leave this hotel complex with loads of shops and eating houses.Rooms are very spacious and comfortable.Excellent Hotel but I wonder if I had to queue for 45 minutes to get into the casino, I think they would do something about this as they would lose a bit of money, so why not improve check in????	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Hotel	I'm leaving this review quite a while after my stay but I just looked at my profile &amp; realized that I never left a review for this place I stayed.Hotel is Beautiful, clean, friendly. I had a kinda funny embarrassing moment when I checked, I get to the front counter &amp; asked the receptionist if they can upgrade my room to a suite, she tells me: &quot;Honey, all our rooms are suites&quot;, needless to say I wanted to run &amp; hide !!!. rooms are really beautiful &amp; spacious, Pool area is magnificent (the upstairs pool on the roof is the nicer one), Spa was very nice, we made the mistake of requesting a deep tissue massage instead of a swedish one, we couldn't move for a day, lol. It really is a majestic hotel &amp; well worth the few extra dollars for the luxury you get here. Casino is beautiful as well. we went to the Cirque Du Soleil Zumanity show, very cool &amp; funny, we had tickets to the blue man group but we sold it (glad we did). the hotel strip was beautiful from the wynn down to the luzor (pyramid) hotel, the other side was like AC/Coney Island, not sure what they did there in the past couple of years maybe it's nicer. Overall, great place to get away from reality for a couple of days.	
Aug 18 2009 	Awesome as usual	I have stayed here three times and each time I have not been disappointed. While the price is high, the rooms are very large and beds fantastic. Great location and resturants. My only complaint was the cocktail service was very slow. I usually stay here and gamble next door at the Casino Royal which has 20X odds on craps.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful Stay at Vinzia	Had a wonderful stay and ready to go back! Excellent staff, from valet, bellhop, maids, checkin, and service at food court and restaurants. Very pleased with the service that couldnt be better!The hallway noise was a bit to deal with, but as someone else said, &quot;Hey, it's Vegas!&quot; The noise was people having fun! (you know who you are..just keep it down in the wee hours ok?) Security did a great job verifying and assisting guests to insure they were going the correct direction and that they belonged in that particular area. Job well done!I was disappointed with no in room coffee, we used the fridge for food storage, and returned the cola's at the end of the stay, the desk clerk removed the items from our bill with no issues. Would rather have a fridge we could put the left overs in from the enormous meals we couldnt finish, and yes a microwave would top it off.Room was very clean, maid service excellent, extra towels no problem. There was NO wireless internet, and only a short ethernet cord supplied requiring computer work at the desk.All in all, we WILL stay there again, I can work around the lack of fridge, nuker, coffee maker, and wireless. THANKYOU Venetian	
Aug 14 2009 	Nice hotel in Vegas but look for the true 5's elsewhere in town	We've here stayed twice. The first time, early 2009, we assumed we were put into a 'comp' room. Where the room was in fact spacious, with the marble, vaulting and trim work, and the 'finer' furnishings that you'd expect, we found that there was an immediate detraction due to the stains, rips, tears and nicks that took over the look and feel of this 'luxury suite'. This room had clearly not been maintained since it was completed, and housekeeping hasn't been helping either. Original selections for decor, furnishing, and some hardware were not of any real quality to begin with.These rooms are probably the very best for a free or very inexpensive place to stay while partying in Vegas. The resort is certainly nice enough.We stayed again in May 2009, with friends who also had comped rooms, and decided to pay for an upgrade to see if other rooms were better. Same condition problems. Don't expect a 5 star, and it'll be fine. I only recommend this hotel to people who are looking for a nicer 4 on the strip.	
Aug 14 2009 	A Great place to stay	The room was fabulous, nice and luxiourious. Loved the remote control window coverings! Bathroom was spacious, loved the deep tub for a bubble bath. A little curious as to why one really needs a phone in the toliet-as it was separate from the rest of the bathroom. If strong perfume smells bother you...this is not the place for you. All though the hallyways and esp when you first enter the hotel, there is a very strong perfumey smell, I assume to help cover up the smoke smell. It is very strong. It does not permeate into your room though.The shopping area was lovely with the canal, gondolas and painted sky. The $50 slot credit we got was great too!	
Aug 13 2009 	Beautiful hotel but there were problems	My husband and I arrived at the Venetian ahead of the rest of our family. We had requested a crib, a refrigerator and a cot. They were not there when we checked in. We had only two towels per room and three hangers. It took several calls to get this straightened out. My daughter and her husband reserved a spa package but the reservation was totally screwed up and the hotel wanted to charge her extra for everything. Since she made her reservation by telephone and they record all the phone calls, they made her wait while they verified the information. She lost several hours waiting for them to respond. I made my reservations on-line and the room charges were incorrect. The hotel wanted proof of the rate I was quoted. So I had to wait in line with my paperwork to reach an attendant to get the rate corrected. My son was with us for three days out of our five day visit. The hotel charged extra for him for the entire five days. Since I had added his reservation by telephone and had been assured we would be billed for him for only three days, this was an unpleasant surprise. This required another call to management (which was not returned) and another trip to the front desk and another wait while they verified the information by listening to the phone call. They refunded the overcharge and credited my account and my daughter's account and aded an additional $75.00 for the time wasted. The hotel was beautiful and spotlessly clean except for the mold around the bathroom shower. We enjoyed out stay over-all but the hotel process of mistrusting guests and verifying information was insulting and tedious.	
Aug 13 2009 	Disappointing	We had high hopes for this high end hotel. Unfortunately the rooms, while very nice in size, were very disappointing from a cleanliness point of view.When we checked in the floor had garbage on it, bathroom had not been cleaned properly, no soap etc. We had 2 rooms - adjoining. Each had a different cleaning person. One room would get cleaned with various amenities,the other would not.Part of crown moulding fell off the wall blocking the entrance to the bathroom - took 2 days to get that fixed. One room did not get made up at all !It's too bad as we had heard lots of good things about this hotel. We wouldn't stay there again !	
Aug 13 2009 	Wonderful stay	After reading all the reviews on TripAdvisor and having been offered some very good deals from my Travel Agent, and with not much difference in price between the Bellagio, Caesars Palace etc., we chose the Venetian. From leaving Scotland via New York with Continental to checking out after 8 glorious nights, everything was near perfection. Hotel location, staff, housing keeping, restaurants, pool etc could not be faulted. Our only complaint was that the beds were not very comfortable and the bed linens could have been more luxurious. We have stayed previously at Planet Hollywood and their beds &amp; linens were heaven - like sleeping on a cloud! We upgraded to a very spacious Bella Suite room in the Venezia tower, with two double beds and a step down to a large sitting area with great views of the strip. Never heard a noise at night from each room on either side of us, or from the corridors, but perhaps they weren't occupied. Really glad we chose the Venetian and can't wait to return.	
Aug 12 2009 	not up to usual standards	Just spent 3 nights at Venetian with adult family members. This is 3rd trip To Venetian/Palazzo in 18 months. We were so disappointed. Rooms not comprehensively cleaned and replenished. Luggage temporarily lost - we had to call 3 times and never got the status report call back we were promised. Ashtrays overflowing in casino. Forget beverage service on the casino floor and expect to pay $9 for a drink that comes in a slightly large glass thimble from the bar. Across the street at the Wynn, it was clean and the casino floor was well serviced. I don't know what a drink costs at the Wynn because I was so well taken care of I never had to buy one. We might just stay there next time.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Vegas Hotel	This is a beautiful hotel, located right on the Strip, close to the Wynn, Ceasar's and other hotels. The staff was friendly and helpful, as well. Expect some scratches or nicks in the rooms, but in general, the suites are lovely. Also expect some noise and rambunctious activity, that's what Vegas is known for. A friend of mine stayed in the adjacent Palazzo while we were in the Venetian. It is newer and very nice, but there is definitely more excitement at the Venetian. Tao Beach is an amazing pool party area on the pool deck, and Tao nightclub in the Venetian is also fun. I also recommend Zeffirino, a charming Italian restaurant overlooking the Grand Canal in the Venetian.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Me and my husband stayed at the Venetian 7/26-7/29/09. The suite we had was very nice. Our room had a view of the strip and the pool. We were on the 29th floor and we had no problems with checking in our room. I will admit there very expensive but i also expected to see high prices at a 5 star hotel. there was a less expensive eatery that we found our last night of our hotel located in the mall of the venetian but i would stay here again in a heartbeat. This is the best hotel on the strip.	
Aug 11 2009 	Overall great...awful sound insulation from hallway at night stay at Palazzo instead!	Stayed at Palazzo last Spring (&quot;same&quot; resort, just newer and nicer/bigger rooms) and loved it. Just got back from 5 nights (3 comped and BMG tickets as well) with my wife. We stay up late and are pretty easy going but two things bothered me during the stay. First, two times during the trip we came back to the room to find our door not closed all the way after housekeeping had been in for the day...the doors are super heavy but don't close right (need to be shaved or shimmed...something) as 24hrs a day you can hear the doors along the entire hall closing...and I mean 24 hrs a day. The door not being closed all the way with our personal items in the room is troubling and the sound insulation inside the room from the hallways were surprisingly bad. Don't get me wrong, this is a fabulous resort...loved the food (ate at TAO and got bottle service there one night and ate at LAVO in Palazzo lobby and that was banging). Pool is nice and if you are into DJ's and Hip Hop vs. blah music go to TAO Beach during the week right off of the Venetian pool deck...no cover during the week and you can escape the kids at the Venetian pool which there were a lot of. Have fun!	
Aug 11 2009 	Wish we'd stayed elsewhere	From the moment you arrive and follow the bizarre and lengthy trek from the parking garage to the front desk (go to this elevator bank, switch over, walk here, walk there - is there not a better way?! Obviously this is not an issue for those who are cabbing it to and from the front doors, but what about the rest of us?), the stay goes downhill. First, you are allergenically assaulted by the most vile, cloying, syrupy-thick, fake &quot;floral&quot; scent you'll ever experience. Be prepared to cough, sneeze and wipe your watery eyes while you wait 30+ minutes in the lobby to check in. Once you finally arrive at the desk, the disinterested, &quot;hurry up, I'm bored&quot;, lackluster demeanor from the folks behind the counter really make you feel unwelcome, as though THEY are doing YOU a favor by &quot;allowing&quot; you to stay at their property. We did not have the same issue concerning the key as many others have, but I could see others around us at the desk complaining about that. Never were we greeted by name or shown any appreciation for our business. I can excuse a LOT of oversight in lieu of good service experiences at a hotel; unfortunately, the Venetian lacks service wholly and completely. Once we dragged our bags down the long hike through the casino, around to the elevators, and up to the 9th floor (no bellhop was ever offered), we found the suite to be clean and in fairly good condition. However, we discovered items missing from the minibar and called the desk to avoid being charged. After 7 mins. on hold (really?! 7 minutes to reach a human?!) before even speaking to anyone, we requested that the items be removed from the account. We were assured our account was noted. Flash forward to check out, not only were the items NOT removed, there were ADDITIONAL items charged for which we had to argue over to get taken off the bill. In any event, the suites are spacious and well-appointed; no complaints there. They are not real big on providing you with even 1 extra towel or a bar of soap, however. You have to ask. And then wait a long time for the towels to arrive. The common areas are of course smoky - I'm a smoker so it didn't bother me, but my husband is not - but more so, they seem to have a &quot;dusty&quot; feel to them. I don't know how else to describe it. At no time during our stay did any Venetian staffer greet us, show any kind of interest in our business or exhibit even the most basic friendly courtesies. The same included for Club Grazie. Why existing members have to wait in line AN HOUR to pick up their card behind new sign-ups is beyond me!! How about 2 separate lines, folks?? In any event...we went to other hotels on the strip for various activities and shows, and the services there were stellar - and they knew we weren't even guests at their properties. As for navigating this mammoth property...understand that the Venetian/Palazzo is ENORMOUS. It would take you days and a guided tour to figure out where everything is. That's fine, but it seems they could have laid out the floor plan a little better and more efficiently. Nonetheless, the service issues were the big problem for us. And PS, what's with no coffee makers in the rooms?? That's just BASIC, Motel 6 kind of stuff!! And the business center...$7.50 to print a boarding pass??? Really?? As for the CROWDS...if you like loud, cackling, *extremely* intoxicated 20-somethings falling down around you and dumping their drinks in the Casino and restaurants, generally causing a spectacle, then you will like the vibe in the Venetian. I certainly wasn't expecting a church retreat and I like late night partying as much as the next person, but I was indeed expecting a higher class of people at the Venetian. Like I said, I would overlook a lot of physical shortcomings at a hotel in lieu of service-oriented care and/or a property that seemed to give a damn that we were paying guests. The Venetian may look pretty at the outset, but the experience is sorely lacking. Would not recommend or stay there again. Next time, we'll do the Bellagio, which is where we were originally booked. I wish I hadn't changed the reservation.	
Aug 10 2009 	It's a casino hotel -- what else can you say?	I don't want to be unduly harsh toward the Venetian -- I'm actually not inspired by any of the hotels on the strip. It's designed to hold hoards of people for gambling and other fun activities. It does have a nice location on the strip -- but the bottom line is price. If you can get a relatively inexpensive room here, go for it. If another of the newer hotels on the strip win out on price, go for that.My only beef with the hotel was the check-in process. We thought we lucked out because we were number 2 in line and 3 people were checking guests in.... at a painfully slow pace. Not exactly a model of efficiency. It probably took us 20 minutes to get our room key. Bizarre.	
Aug 10 2009 	Venetian going down hill	My husband and I stayed at the Venetian August 4 - 9. We have stayed there before and always been very pleased with the accommodations. This time our room (Floor 6, Room 230), was definitely not up to their usual standards. Many of the walls had chunks of chipped out drywall and paint, the bathtub rails gold finish was worn off, the exhaust fan above the bathtub was COATED in a thick layer of dust, the carpet was dirty/stained, there were dust bunnies in the room, the fruit on the dining table was rotten, and the bathroom sink drains made a horrid noise after running any amount of water. After this horrible room, we will definitely not be so apt to stay at the Venetian in the future. Additionally, we did quite a bit of gambling in the casino and trying to get a waitress for a drink order was next to impossible. We would be gambling for up to two hours before we would even see a waitress. One time, I ordered a drink and the waitress did not come back for 30 minutes, and when she did she did not have my drink. I reminded her of the drink I was waiting for, and she basically accused me of lying and said that I must have worked with a different waitress -- which was not the case.	
Aug 10 2009 	Luxury and elegance	The suites at the Venetian are huge and luxurious, and furnished traditionally, but the decor is bright enough for them not to feel too old fashioned. Nothing is stinted on, except perhaps lighting, but you don't go to Vegas to read in your room. It will take you the first 24 hours to find your way around the hotel. It becomes easier when you realise that there are three parts to it - the Venetian Tower, The Venezia Tower, and the Pallazio. We arrived around midnight and were checked in within minutes. Be prepared for a long queue if you check in during the day. Checking out during the day was very quick and we were offered storage for our luggage, which we declined because we didn't have long to wait for our pick-up. We sat out the time in the casino food court. There was a charge to our account for phone calls but the receptionist noticed that these were local and removed it.Many of the hotels on the Strip have their own theme, and our main reason for choosing the Venetian was to experience its canals, shops and gondolas. We don't regret our choice, and will always carry with us the memory of the fake sky, perpetual dusk and sparkling blue water that can't be the least bit reminiscent of Venice itself but are a good make-believe substitute that typifies the whole Vegas experience. Go with a sense of fun and you'll love it.	
Aug 9 2009 	Dissappointing for the most part!	In celebrating our 15 yr. wedding anniversay, we made reservations over a month in advance to see Wayne Brady &amp; have our anniversary dinner at David Buke. Our dinner was fabulous (although noisy) but, to our huge dissappointment, Wayne Brady cancelled with no warning at all. We were told when we walked up to the theatre. The only way we got our money back was a week later when we called after we were told that our money was already being credited back to our acct. &amp; it wasn't. My husband was told that when people call, their money was being returned. Nice! The hotel has an air freshener piped thru the entire place which is sickening. No matter where you went you inhaled this constant floral scent. That really could be toned down a bunch. This will keep me out of there in the future.	
Aug 9 2009 	We loved it but it's Too crowded.	Yes it's Vegas and we loved our stay at the Venetian...the casino is great! The pool upstairs is real cool...did that! While we did not stay at the Venetian because of the cost this year...we did do the restaurants and shows. The two Malls the Venetian and cesars are an adult's disney version of a mall.- Phantom is cool...in a VEGAS way!- They took out the art Galery....well the Belagio still has theirs...worth the few dollars.-The rooms are two levels and dark.The Price is the only problem here...over priced? Go to Priceline or other online sites to get a packge price...considering the other older...aging ..properties at the same price...I would pick the venetian!	
Aug 9 2009 	If you like noise - and lots of it..........!!	We were there at the weekend and the line to check in was long. Its all very impressive but the noise levels are something else. Take earplugs.Room impressive but you could hear everything going on in the corridor - 24 hours a day.First night went to Mexican restaurant - happily forgot the name - spent the hour shouting at each other to make ourselves heard, food was average, and bill (check) heavily in the hotels favour!! Second night found an Italian restaurant which is on the upper level looking over the piazza and this was excellent - good bar with lovely staff, great food and excellent service - in this case did not mind paying for the quality.Gambling Hall a totally soulless place, did not part with a $, but the bar with the 2 pianos great (do not take the kids!). One afternoon went to the pool - it was hell and we did not tarry!Other stuff - brunch at Bellagio brilliant (and for extra $5 you get unlimited champagne), Hoover Dam just amazing (and check out the new bridge/road), valet parking at Venetian free - as are trolleys at LV airport. Not much else is free in LV! Fraid Las Vegas is not for me - unlike Gen McArthur, we will not return. But if you want a couple of days living on adrenalin, not bothered about sleep then the Venetian might be a reasonable bet. But, it is HUGE!!! So, my recommendation below has some caveats.	
Aug 9 2009 	The Venetian is not just a hotel but an experience	To finish our &quot;fly-drive&quot; holiday to California and Las Vegas we decided to stay somewhere special and &quot;The Venetian&quot; did not disappoint.This is probably the best large-scale hotel we have ever stayed in from the opulent reception area with it's fountain and frescoes to the huge suites with their lounge, huge beds and marble bathrooms. The swimming pools are large and beautifully designed giving the impression of a Roman baths rather than hotel pools and the evening pool is lovely being lit up for an evening dip at night. The public and pool areas are sumptious and spotlessly clean and coupled with the hot climate make this an amazing place to stay.The Gondola rides are really worth doing although we'd recommend that you pre-book in the evenings to avoid disappointment as the rides do get fully booked. The Gondoliers are nice and friendly and make the experience really pleasant.Walking around &quot;St Mark's Square&quot; the painted ceiling really seems alive with the clouds appearing to move as you walk - truly an amazing place.We were also impressed with the restaurants and bars as we were not really too bothered about gambling and found them to be both lavish and up-to-date.For those who want to shop there are fashion outlets everywhere although the prices were high compared to UK prices.Outside the hotel, the replica &quot;Campanile&quot; and &quot;Doges Palace&quot; are beautifully recreated and when lit up at night offer a spectacular sight.We thought that we would find Las Vegas slightly &quot;tacky&quot; but the thought, effort and huge amount of investment that has gone into the hotels in this area and the Venetian in particular really wins you over.Las Vegas is an amazing place and the Venetian is the very best place to stay and enjoy the experience, being probably one of the best hotels anywhere in the world.	
Aug 8 2009 	Wish check-in had been as nice as rest of stay	I was traveling with my husband when we, 7 of his associates and another spouse (attempted to) check-in to attend an annual Directors Conference. We were all tired after our long flights, but when our leader attempted to check in with confirmed reservations, there were &quot;problems.&quot; Basically, a manager walked away and left the clerk to try and sort it all out. We STOOD at the front desk for an hour! There was no offer of a beverage, no place to sit, and when we finally left to eat, no offer to store our luggage. It was finally resolved with us being checked into rooms in Palazzo (that's where the positive reviews above really go), but with no apology and just an attitude of &quot;who cares?&quot; I had stayed at the Venetian myself at a huge conference 2 years ago and was mystified because I never felt that level of total unconcern before. In this slow economy, Venetian is hurting itself with this POOR service.	
Aug 8 2009 	Are there really 17 better hotels in Vegas???	Incredible. This place is absolutely amazing and I cannot believe that there are 17 better hotels in Vegas. The king suite was very plush and spacious with a view overlooking the Mirage. I had stayed at Paris the night before and i thought that was good, but this place blew it away. It is quite a way up the strip, so location is a little further north than ideal, but the room made up for it easily. I have stayed in some pretty nice hotels but none like this - beautiful marble bathrooms with mirrors everywhere, the most comfortable king bed i have ever slept in, a huge L shaped sofa and dining table in the living area and 3 plasma screens, including one in the bathroom! The staff were helpful and friendly and the swimming pool(s) were great with really comfortable padded loungers. Although some guests were unhappy about having to show their room key to get to the elevators for the room, and also for the pool, i think that this increases security and it isnt exactly hard to take your key out as you walk past.I cant find anything bad to say about this place, and was even given $50 slot credit when I arrived and some restaurant vouchers (ate in Dos Caminos, a very good Mexican restaurant) as well as free entry to the lavo club and free drinks, all which I made good use of. I'm not a big gambler but enjoyed a quick game with the complimentary $50 (and $50 does go quickly!) and managed to take $70 out so was very happy.If you are going to stay anywhere in Vegas and want real class and top quality accommodation, this is it.	
Aug 7 2009 	Excellent location service rooms amenities	Stayed for 5 days over Christmas 08 and can thoroughly recommend this hotel. We had a self-imposed challenge of looking at every hotel on the Strip, managing about 16, and it only served to confirm that The Venetian is one of the best. Rooms are huge, with separate sunken lounge area, large bathrooms, very clean. Excellent location in one of the nicer parts of the Strip. Noticeably shabbier at the other ends! Only VERY slight downside was that the gym/spa was pricey to use but I believe this is typical in Vegas hotels plus the Business Centre was mediocre - slow connection, often crashing and expensive.	
Aug 6 2009 	Very Glam	Beautiful! No coffee maker &amp; no associated hotel gym. For the athletic type, gym/spa passes are $40 per day.	
Aug 6 2009 	Very nice hotel with a few problems.	Very beautiful hotel, we checked in after midnight had a very short wait. We did have a hard time figuring out how to get to our room as we were in the Venezia tower and you have to take two elevators and walk across a bridge to get there. The room is huge, the bathroom was the best I've ever seen in a hotel. The beds were surprisingly hard, the bedding was old fashioned and the pillows were either lumpy or too flat. Odd stains on the curtain but I appreciate that the curtains overlap as most hotel room curtains always seem to have a one-inch gap that lets the light in too early. Housekeeping was just ok. Lots of choices for restaurants in all different price ranges. Ladies should take a wrap or a sweater with them as the ac can get a bit out of hand. Great location on the strip and we definitely appreciated how close the Walgreens was to the hotel since we ran out of sunblock the first day. We loved the pool, they have more than one the pool at the Venezia tower seemed to be more for quiet sunbathing and the larger pool was more of a party pool but we didn't see anyone get out of hand. I was also surprised at how quiet it was in our room despite being near an elevator and having a bachelorette party across the hall. All in all not a bad hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Fabulous	The only suite we've stayed in was the Piazza (so I can't speak for the smaller rooms) and it was huge! Really, it was a lot more room than we needed but it was lovely and luxurious and comfortable, tastefully decorated (though very traditional, if you're looking for a modern feel this is not the place) &amp; the view was fantastic. I especially loved the large bathroom, plenty of space for 2 people to get ready for a night out without getting in each others way. Plenty of conveniences you won't find in an 'economy' hotel like a formal dining room, lighted vanity in the bedroom, and (though their website doesn't mention this) a second bathroom off the foyer. There are great restaurants downstairs (I would recommend &quot;Cut&quot;) and the spa is more than just a place to get a massage, it's an experience. The only downsides to our visit: at check-in we had to wait in line for about 30 min, and for room service we waited about 70-90 min. All in all we would definitely stay again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Beautiful hotel	I stayed here for a week in December.The hotel was absolutley amazing, the rooms were lovely, very spacious and with every luxury you can imagine.The marble bathroom was almost as big as a standard hotel room.The facilities in the hotel are great too, just a little hard to find your way out of the hotel as it is so big.I would have no problem recommending this hotel to a friend.I booked with expdeia a few months in advance and got a fantastic deal for my flights and accomodation.	
Aug 3 2009 	Luxury hotel with affordable prices	Their standard suite has enough luxury to impress most people. Their rooms are spacious and has flat screens everywhere. The place cost more than the average Vegas hotel but well worth the extra spending.	
Aug 3 2009 	Totally Amazing	We got a good deal for this hotel but were amazed how how excellent the rooms are. Regardless of the price is is an amazing hotel. Highly recommended.	
Aug 3 2009 	Beautiful hotel services understaffed	Went for hubby's 50th birthday. The lobby is spectacular. We arrived around midnight and they had an accordian player still in the lobby. Check-in was about 10 min. probably due to the late hour. (Note: A visit to the Luxor revealed the horror that Vegas hotel check-in could have been. I strongly recommend you arrive off hours.)The check-in service was OK, if a bit rushed. All staff behind the desk were young, maybe early 20's. The girl that checked us in told us 10th floor, room 408. She neglected to mention that the elevator from the lobby to the Venezia section arrives on the 10th floor, evne though it's only 1 floor up. So, as a result, we went up to what we thought was the 10th floor, only to discover someone in that room already. Back to the elevators, where we checked with a guard. Turns out, we were on that 1st(?) level. The rooms in this wing are beatuiful and large. There were some minor imperfections, such as a missing cacbinet handle, hooks missing/broken from the curtains due to misuse. The mattress was a bit hard, so we asked to look at another room. They gave us a look at the other tower (Fogrget the name), but we did not like that room at all. The decor was more modern instead of classic, the roman shade couldn't be raised, and we hated the dark and dreary color scheme and modern lights. So back to the 1st room and the hard bed. Turned out it wasn't that bad.The garden pool is beautifully designed, lots of shade. I assume other reveiws about misbehavior at the pool referred to the large pool. Everyone here was well behaved, with the exception of one couple on their honeymoon in the small hottub, which everyone avoided due to potential embarrasment. The concierge on our floor was most helpful, and there wasn't a line. We purchased the resort package - $20 food coupon, spa/gym use, free wax museum entry (cost - $25), and $15 credit in slots - for $30 a piece. Used everything but the gym, so was a good deal. Ate at Bouchon twice and enjoyed the food. The sit down resaturants are pricey, but servings are large. There is a food court, and a McD's within walking distance if necessary. There is also a Walhgreen's pharmacy right next door. Patrons: There were what I assume to be a lot of bridal parties there. Most of the young women were thin and dressed in short dresses and high heels, but not tacky. The rest of the patrons were fairly normal, but slightly higher class dress than across the street at the Mirage or T.I. The table minimums seemed to keep a good deal of the riff raff out of the casino, although there are a few penny slots. We did notice some rather roudy girls trying to get into our hallway, but the guard would not let them through. There were plenty of guards around the hallways and even the shops, more than I've seen at other hotels. This seems to be the one area of staff that the hotel is not skimping on, thank goodness. A couple of the patrons were drinking at the garden pool with alcohol they brought form their minibar (I assume), but they did not get out of hand. Shopping: Had a blast here. The inside shops on the way to the Palazzo shops run along a fake canal, where you can do the inside gondola rides (Too hot to do the outside version during the day). Most of the casinos now have these Oxygen bars = $22 for 15 min of O2, and you get a back massage, short scalp massage, and some electircal stimulus. OK, so they are trying to sell their gadgets, but for us, the massage helped, and the scented O2 cleared our sinuses. Plus it was a chance to sit down and relax, so we didn't mind the cost. The hotel version of St. Mark's Sq has several restaurants, and usually has a few street performers in period costume. If you continue to follow the hallway along the left hand side of the square, you will come out into the Palazzo shops, an entirely different mall. Eventually you get to the Palazzo's casino.We didn't see any shows at the V this time, but have seen Blue Man Group before, which I recommend if you like general sillyness and don't take yourself too seriously. Checkout was online. I made a small error and blew through the screen too fast, but when I called to ask for a detailed breakdown, they were happy to emial one to me, in addition to telling me the prices on the phone. Yes, there was a bit of a wait each time we called the front desk. Also, they were kind enough to give us a late checkout of 1pm. We used the concierge for airline check in, and were informed that the USAIR desk downstairs could check our bags directly to the flight for a fee. Of course, the $20 fee is on top of the airline's baggage fee. We were going to use it, but when we talked to the young man at the desk, he neglected to mention that his desk closed at 3pm - our flight was at midnight. So, we saved some money. The bell stations held our bags for us until we were ready to leave.We visited the T.I. and the Luxor this trip. I wouldn't stay at either, but I'm getting to teh age where I'd rather pay extra for shorter waits.So, overall, we liked the hotel. The decorations are wonderful and were the highlight of the stay. Loved the Garden Pool. Would stay at the V again, but only if we could stay in the same section of the hotel near the Garden Pool.	
Aug 3 2009 	Venetian is not/not a 4 or even 5 star hotel	- there were 3 individuals registered, however, only ONE bathrobeNO FREE GYMPOOL AREA NOT AS GOOD AS EVEN FLAMINGOS OR OTHER HOTELS- not enough towels were placed in the room for THREE people- no info about surrounding attractions in the area found in room upon checkin - instead guests were told to go and wait in line for the concierge to ask him/her- the ironing board was broken in room- sofabed was UNCOMFORTABLE, springs can be felt thru the mattress - and this is a 5-star hotel??????- again, the room was supposed to hold 4 people COMFORTABLYguests were not / not told about the sensors in the refrigerator; guests expect to be charged for items ACTUALLY USED and not JUST 'touched'- no discounts were provided to us in the Rialto Suite, AGAIN, we had to go down to WAIT in the Concierge line to find outCustomer Service SUCKS at your establishment and that is what I will rate it at	
Aug 2 2009 	Amazed	When we arrived at the Venetian around 4pm we had no problems checking into our rooms &amp; only waited about 5 minutes in line. We were even given an upgrade for free to a strip view room because we were getting married the next day. The suite was large &amp; more than we expected. We had 3 tv's in the room &amp; a DVD which gave us the ability to watch our wedding CD when we got back to our room after the wedding. We just wished they could have provided free internet service &amp; had some movie channels on the tv as we were relaxing in the room. As we were trying to get the DVD player set up, we accidentally hit an item in the mini bar on the counter &amp; we were charged for it but when we checked out, they did remove this charge when we checked out. When we checked in, we are also given a $50 casino great &amp; ended up winning about $500!! We enjoyed the atmosphere of the hotel &amp; the gondola ride as well. As we were walking to our limo to go to our wedding ceremony, a guy playing an instrument came by &amp; played here comes the bride which was great! We really enjoyed our stay &amp; would recommend the Venetian for your next trip.	
Aug 2 2009 	Hero to Zero in 12 months	Having visited Las Vegas several times and stayed at various Hotels from the downright awful to truely fabulous we thought we had found our Vegas Hotel Mecca 12 months ago in the shape of the Venetian Hotel having spent a fantastic week there on that occasion with absolutely no problems and nothing but praise for the Hotel and its staff and indeed its clients, giving this we couldn`t wait to return and spent a long 12 months planning our vacation that would take in the first 5 days at the venetian then to LA for 5 days then return to our beloved Venetian, Great ! or so we thought. We arrived midweek for our first 5 day stint, and it was like saying Hello to an old Friend usual great standards and service although slightly quieter than I had remembered I put this down to the intense heat in Vegas at this time, this was now looking back, the midweek lull before the storm !  The storm began to arrive on Friday afternoon in the shape of what appeared to be thousands of young twenty year olds from what I would class as middle Americas youthHaving previously had only good things to say about Americans and indeed their children this was about to drastically change. There were warning signs in the check in line, with the majority of these big kids (the only nice descriptive phrase I can think of) obviously completely drunk and already rowdy, the presence of security said it all, and waited to see these drunks turned away, but alas none of it, they were welcomed by the once choosey Hotel staff with open arms- I now know this is the norm and standards had dropped dramatically it was the start of weekend wars that goes on throughout the summer months in the Venetian and revolves around the night scene and the Monster they have created in the shape of Tao Beach an adults only (Big Kids) pool/nightclub connected to the main pool area of the Hotel.Don`t get me wrong I`m here to enjoy myself and can drink and party as well as the next person but what myself and my Family experianced over the next two days I have never seen in all my Holiday years and have stayed at some poor places, this surely can`t happen at the Great Venetian Hotel which must rank within the top Twenty Hotels in the World! This list is not exhaustive and will only state what I saw myself, alas other guest did tell me more. On the build up to the big saturday night. Vomitting in the pool, Drinking alcohol in the pool, Nudity in the pool, throwing beer bottles in the pool etc etc the list goes on, This was not the same place surely that had told an adult with a small child the previous day not to allow the child on his shoulders in the pool,  The Saturday pool scene quickly got out of hand and most rational customers quickley beat a retreat from the area and allowed the riot to continue, staff and security did nothing to dampen the party, quite the opposite indeed, lets turn the music up even louder and carry on serving the big kids alcohol, it doesn`t matter that they cannot stand they are that drunk, what a disgrace! I have witnessed behaviour by what we call UK lager louts they are angels as to what I witnessed that afternoon. I was not looking forward to what may greet me that night and wasn`t disappointed the pool scene closes at dusk and spills out within the hotel before these kids continue their party to the nightclubs . The Hotel was full of Drunks who could not walk unaided were aloud to run amok through the hotel and casino in no more than Bikinis and Shorts with very little being said to them and indeed a blind eye being turned to them by staff and security,  We retired at midnight to what we thought would be the Haven of our suite, we had paid a premium for a large rialto suite which are excellent and very oppullent, what we didn`t realise that due to the Hotel configuration these suites are all near the lift areas-DisasterWe were soon awoken all the way through the night by these drunks who wished to carry on their party, in the lifts, in the lift areas in the corridors or anywhere they could make noise including in my entrance to my suite, resulting in myself exchanging words with several groups, although polite these people were beyond reason and were simply falling over in their drunken stuper, we called front desk and security several times and these people were eventually escorted to thir rooms or out of the Hotel if they had no key (don`t asked me how the got past Suite entrance security as they ask for all room keys to be shown or did they turn a blind eye again) end result no sleep for us and lots of complaning to Front desk in the Morning by my wife (I was to tired to care) She eventually got to speak to a manager whom was very good and decided to move us further up the Hotel to an area where there wasn`t much traffic as he put it, after packing that am and after a lot of irrate calls we eventually got moved at 6.30 that evening spending most of the day in our suite we were far from happy and the Manager did give us that night Complimentary -Thankyou! The new suite was no better awoken several times by loutish behaviour even found someone asleep in the corridors! still Sunday was our last night the only thing that was going to remedy our problems was the end of the weekend and sure enough as we were checking out Monday am to go to LA the Stiil Drunk big kids were checking out too and still partying in the check in areas, I did ask the question to a check in staff as to why they allowed this behaviour and why standards had dropped so dramatically and was told it was being addressed but the recession was biting into their bookings and wouldn`t be corrected until things picked up, inbetween times they are going to encourage this type of client-Great. I don`t really understand the ethos of this they are not spending in the casinos which is where we all know Vegas Hotels aquire their wealth, they are looseing good punters like me due to their relaxed standards, where will it end ?Vegas or Bust I presume. Spent a lovely week in LA (at the Hollywood Renaisance Hotel a lovely Hotel in the right area for sightseeing etc) a welcome break from the Venetian but knew we had to face the return to it for our last 5 days and guess what we checked in again (on our saturday return) and same old same old, living hell throughout the weekend come Monday it was the same old Venetian. The moral of the look story being give the Hotel a wide berth at the weekends or else join the Drunken party.	
Aug 1 2009 	Not Impressed	This hotel was just okay. The room was large and comfortable, but the walls are fairly thin that you can hear everyone walking by your room. The one thing that really annoyed me about this hotel was the fact that people are walking in the hallways and elevators with their alcohol drinks - drunks and doesn't know which floor they should get off.If you use their valet parking, beware. The valet forget to write on the ticket what floor and space they park my car. It took them an hour to look for it.	
Aug 1 2009 	Enormous and clean hotel.	We stayed here for 5 nights at the start of our holiday. Been to Vegas 2 years ago...stayed in the Mirage. First impressions were impressive, the check in area is ostentatious, check in was smooth and quick. Very happy with the venetian suite which was a strip view room. Spacious, clean and very comfortable. Bed enormous and very comfy. Bathroom massive with 2 sinks...large walk in shower, lovely soap products, plentiful supply. 3 TV's, but didn't use the bathroom one.Lounge area in suite was lovely...great suite, large dining table and work desk with fax etc...everything you needed really! Probably the most spacious and well equipped room/suite I have stayed in. Cleaned regularly and to good standard. Good choice of restaurants, plentiful in supply, never seen so many. David Burke...excellent food and service. For breakfast, excellent croissants, OJ and coffee from La Bouchon kiosk...take back to the suite and enjoy. Concierges who we encountered were extremely helpful and knowledgable. The venetian felt very safe with a good atmosphere. Very busy though particularly around the Grand Canal shops and the Square. If you tire of restaurants there is also a fast food court. The pool areas are very clean with many sunbeds although in some areas they are very very close together. Poolside food very good. Yes the lighting in the suite was subtle, and the furniture a little dark, but the hotel is supposed to recreate a traditional italian hotel, not a contemporary, modern chain! The venetian for us has barely any negatives...it has basically everything you need from a hotel and more. However, as this is a review, i will mention the few we experienced! No coffee maker, was a downside...but we bought 1 from the very close Walgreens which practically in the building. The thumping beat from Tao beach was a bit repetitive and irritating after several hours...we could clearly hear it in our room which was 33 floors up...but we got used to this. We booked a &quot;suite life package&quot;...I would say don't bother as it is a little misleading. The breakfast deal states &quot;1 breakfast through in-suite dining&quot;, but never in a million years did we imagine that would be 1 for 1 person. we thought, 1 breakfast each as the suite was booked for 2 people! So we ordered our &quot;paid for&quot; breakfast...which did take a while to get the phone answered. Have to say though, when it arrived at the suite, the service was amazing...the staff set the table like we were in a top restaurant and the breakfast was awesome! On checking out, we realised the coupon was for only 1 breaky. Bit strange that a suite package for 2, gives only 1 breakfast. We pointed out the misleading coupon, but this got us nowhere...we had to pay! The other coupons are seemingly for 2, barring the $25 slot coupon which is obviously for $25 and you have to join club grazia to get this and the line is massive...they don't tell you this when you order the package! Anyway, this was the only bit of dissatisfaction...so if you avoid the package or are prepared to pay, then you should have no problems. We popped in2 the Encore and Wynn, for a look around and oh my god...amazing. So although we would def stay at the venetian again if in vegas, after seeing these hotels next door, we may give them a go. This is by no means due to any fault at the venetian.	
Jul 31 2009 	Amazing Hotel - Best hotel ive ever stayed in	The Venetian was the best hotel ive ever been to. It was amazing. Ive been to Vegas a few times and have previously stayed in the Luxor, Golden Nugget, MGM Grand and hard rock and the Venetian was the best by far. The rooms are unbelievable - their standard rooms, which i stayed in had two 32 inch flat screen tvs, one in the bedroom area and one in the living room area, there was also a 17 inch tv in the bathroom. In the bathroom, there was a separate roman tub and shower and in the living room, an l shaped couch. I loved the fact that there was a remote control to open the curtains - pue luxury, i felt like i was a celebrity. The hotel itself is beautiful and like most hotels in vegas - absolutely huge. The only downside is that i could only afford to stay here for one night - it is extremely expensive!! I moved to a different hotel after. If it is something you can afford, then its well worth it. I didnt find the service bad but expect to tip or they will hang around and wait until you do but i suppose if you can afford to stay there then you should be able to tip for everything. I didnt get a chance to check out their pool area but from what ive heard, its meant to be great. its location is great, right in the centre of the strip across from the mirage. I would definitely recommend staying here for a bit of pampering and luxury	
Jul 31 2009 	ITS all hype	Hello to all globetrotters everywhere,My friend wanted to celebrate her birthday so she decided that a trip to Vegas will do. Because of my flight delay, I arrived at the hotel at 1am. The next day, I noticed that our suite was dark.So I mentionned it to my friends and we realize that some of our lights were not working. So I decided to call the front desk. It took me a good 20 minutes to get someone on the phone, a receptionist who mentionned that they will get to the problem. To their credit, we came back the lighting situation was better. The service at the venitian SUUUCKS.. To say the least. You cannot not get anybody on the phone if you want to.. On the other hand, I love the fact that they have some beautiful restaurants, like the Mario Batalli and Emerial Lagassi and they have something called in Europe a square that reminded me of Italy. It is ok in terms of decor but the service SUCKS.... Go At your own risk.	
Jul 29 2009 	Five Diamonds? I don't think so.	After returning from a recent weekend visit to the Venetian, I can honestly say there are much better five diamond hotels on the Vegas strip. For the same cost, the Bellagio and the Wynn are much better alternatives to the Venetian. And unlike the Venetian, those hotels treat you like a valued guest. If the Venetian was a three diamond hotel, it would explain the condition of the rooms and the disrespectful way in which we were treated. For a five diamond, there is no excuse.Highlights of the things that soured our experience are as follows:1. Cattle call check in and pure chaos when we arrived – It was clear that the desk attendants were trying to get everyone through the line as quickly is possible, which I appreciate, but not at the expense of making your hotel guests feel like they don’t matter.2. Newly programmed key cards that don’t work on the door – We had four keys. Two of them worked.3. Worn condition of rooms – The rooms have definitely seen better days. There were stains on our couch and missing buttons. The lighting was so dim, even with all the lights on. We found face wash cloths from previous guests hanging on our door, and the bathroom door wouldn’t close.4. Disrespectful staff – My husband and I are in our twenties, which is the only reason I can think of that would explain why we were repeatedly treated by hotel staff like we couldn’t possibly be guests there. The funny thing is, the Venetian isn’t any more pricey than the Bellagio or the Wynn and both those places make us feel welcome. I don’t know why the Venetian is so full of themselves. They required we show our hotel room cards before charging to our room and before we could enter the elevators to go up to our room. I understand and appreciate security measures, but there is a nice way to do it, and there is a mean way to do it. They consistently approached us like we couldn’t afford to be guests there until we flashed our card. I was even ID’d before I could charge to our room for breakfast. The funny thing about that is that at that particular restaurant, you HAVE to be a hotel guest to even get into the restaurant!5. Being charged for “free” breakfast – Our package included daily complimentary breakfast for two. We called to confirm it was for two people prior to placing our order. They assured us it was. Then they charged us $27 for our free breakfast. We had to dispute the claim during check out, which meant standing in the long check out line instead of being able to use the television check out. While the front desk attendant was nice, she couldn’t/wouldn’t take the charge off and made us file a complaint with guest services. Two weeks later and we still haven’t gotten a response from them. 6. Waiting on hold – Waiting ten minutes on hold just to reach someone at the front desk is not acceptable for a five diamond hotel.None of the above-mentioned complaints ruined our weekend, but knowing that for the same amount of money, we can stay at a hotel that truly makes us feel like guests, there is no reason to ever return to the Venetian. What a disappointment!	
Jul 28 2009 	Amazing	This was the first stop of our honeymoon and boy was it the best start! There was a small queue at reception to check in but it was worth the wait as the room was fantastic. The bed was really comfortable, bathroom was huge, and it had a seperate living area. (this was a standard king suite).The hotel has a graet choice of restaurants and bars. We dined in the Canaletto the first eveing and becuase I booked and mentioned it was our honeymoon they gave us our own priviate dining room without extra charge. Very nice.It also has a great romantic ambeinece about it. The whole experience was excellent. Definately recommended.P.s. The casino was good too!	
Jul 28 2009 	A nice stay	We stayed in a &quot;Venezia Bella View Suite&quot; Saturday and Sunday nights. Overall it was a pleasant stay, and we enjoyed the Venetian quite a bit. On the upside: -------------------A) The interior of the combined Pallazo/Venetian is very nice. There are numerous places to shop/entertain/dine within the complex, and it is a very pleasant (if not a bit Disneyland-ish) environment. The hotel service was good, timely, and friendly. B) The room was well appointed, spacious, and very comfortable. C) Tons of good dining options abound in the Ventian/Pallazo. On the downside: -------------------1) Going anywhere is a real effort. Leaving your Venezia suite involves **a lot** of walking and a chain of elevators. The walking distances to go anywhere are just absurd. I'd swear I walked less when I worked in downtown San Francisco taking public transit everywhere. 2) The hotel info lists the Venezia pool as a private pool for Venezia tower guests. There's nothing private about it. Anyone can go there. During our stay the pool deck wasn't overcrowded though. I suspect that it doesn't get overrun by outsiders because of the afore-mentioned walking distances and chain of elevators. The pool area is nice, but it is misleading to refer to it as private. 3) Hotel checkin at the Venetian is grossly understaffed, and the directions for Venezia guests are incorrect. When I arrived, there was a checkin line that looked like a line for Space Mountain. There were at least 100 people in the line. As I scanned the area and began to seethe in anger, I noticed the signs that directed Venezia tower guests to another lobby. After a bit of a walk and an elevator ride to get there, I found an empty lobby with a concierge who politely told me to go back downstairs; that Venezia checkin was combined with Venitian checkin. I almost lost it. I asked the concierge if she really expected me to stand in the ridiculous check in line. She recommended I go to a &quot;special&quot; line. I did, and there was one person in front of me. From there, check in was snappy. BEWARE though... if you are a Ventian guest, be prepared for an abusive checkin wait. The line was full nearly every time I walked past it during my stay. 4) My room type was a &quot;Venzia Bella View Suite.&quot; The view was of the air conditioner fans and the McCarran Airport. Yay! There are 6 possible views, 5 of which are decent. I had the crap one.	
Jul 27 2009 	Fabulous	I have stayed at virtually every hotel on the Strip (and off) and until now my favorites had been in order of favorite Caesar's, Bellagio's, Palazzo,Mandalay Bay,The Hotel and Paris.. Now top of the list is the Venetian. My suite was perfection in every detail. The bed was beyond comfortable and the bathroom and its amenities beyond luxurious. Also the casino is a lot more fun than most of the others and the choice of restaurants fantastic. I can't wait to go back!	
Jul 26 2009 	The Place to Stay	All I can say is WOW!!! We went down to Vegas for our first time to celebrate our 10th Wedding Anniversary. They allowed me to register from home before we left as we would be checking in really late. The girl on the phone gave us a free upgrade to a Luxury Suite with a View of the strip and the airport and mountains. Although there was a stain on the couch, they replaced it with a new cushion. The bathroom was gorgeous!! All the employees from front desk to security to casino staff were very helpful and friendly at all times. The restaurants, shops and shows are all top notch and exceeded our expectations. We were able to see Blue Man Group and Wayne Brady during our stay.It was also nice to be able to use, although we didn't need to, the Palazzo amenities.We had a fantastic experience at the Venetian and plan to stay there on our next trip to Vegas.	
Jul 25 2009 	wow!	having read the reviews on tripadvisor chose this as a special place to stay as part of a 3 week trip around vegas- canyon- San Diego and LA-the rooms were WOW! - massive - we booked 2 standard suites - and they were enourmous! seperate sunken lounge area tvs in the lounge, the bedroom and the bathroomluxury everywhere in the room, massive desk with fax machine etc high speed wifi - hotel is enourmous, pool areas on the 4th floor - was really too hot to sit out - 115degrees plus!! so went to the pool around 5pm on most days - found chairs easily at that time, but it was very busy - loads of places to eat in the hotel - the cafe lux is great - loads of choice and massive portions - you have been warned!! would stay again and would recommenddid get free slot credits to play with of $50 per room that was the only gambling we did the whole time we were there! (10 days!) one big dissapointment - my son had to train (gym) most days - and the gym there is not owned by the hotel - but sublet and charges $40 per day - ludicrouswe found a local BJJ school for him to train at instead!	
Jul 24 2009 	Customer Service at its Finest	We arrived at The Venetian 10hours prior to our scheduled check in time. We were greeted by a bell hop with a smile and was asked if we would like to check our bags untill we were able to check in to the hotel. She then told us that we should probably go through the check in line because the hotel often allows early check ins as rooms become available. I would definately reccommend for anyone who arrives early to try this, from what I hear they will call you as soon as one becomes available for you. We actually got lucky and there was one waiting for us. The queue to check in was only 3 partys deep when we got in line but by the time we had checked in it was backed up pretty far. When we got up to our rooms we were amazed. All the pictures do not give this place justice. Our room was pretty clean except for this one sticky spot in the toilet room that my wife couldnt avoid. I tried cleaning it myself with a towel and some water but it just wouldnt come up! Everything else was immaculate and I felt very comfortable with how well everything was maintained. About 5 minutes into being in our room we heard a single knock at the door and a man from houskeeping barged in he apologized profusely when he saw us in the room, apparently it was just a quality inspection of the cleaning service. Within 5 more minutes of the first knock we heard another one and this time a woman came in for the same reason. We then put the security latch on the door as to avoid any other confusion. After another 5 minutes we heard knocking for a third time and this time it was the bell hop with our baggage. This was nice becouse we didnt want to spend our whole morning in our room.We found all the other ammenities this hotel offered to be top notch if not alittle pricey. I would highly recommend the Razul Ceremony at the Canyon Ranch Spa for all the serious couples or married folks like myself. My wife and I got very intimate in there and it would be one of the hottest experiences of your life, well worth the $200 for 1 hour. I also recommend the couples massage. Nothing great as far as massages go but it was relaxing and you can enjoy the other co ed enviroments the spa has to offer for free afterwards. Pool was nice not overly crowded but we went in the morning. After noon can get pretty noisy due to the club enviroment of Tao Beach. It was like 112 degrees during our stay and we where offered an umbrellas almost as soon as we sat down.As far as restraunts I would not recommend Dos Caminos I simply did not like the food. They do have this awsome tequila tasting on the drinks menu.... that was definately good haha! Grand Lux Cafe is good for a value meal and the food courts in both the casino and the shopping area are good. If your interested in some fine dining Cut, Valentino's. and Aquanox are all excellent but pricey. One quam with the food faire, weres the buffet?!?! We had to walk over to the Wynn to eat at one. Overall a good experience, when we called the concierge to get reservations or tickets we always got what we wanted withing a few minutes. Blue Man Group was awsome.The best part of this trip I think were the comps which we got about $550 worth taken off our bill at the end. Ive never had this happen to me but then again I never knew to ask for them. Im no high roller but I would definately say that if your not bringing $500-1000 a day for entertainment, food, and gambling then your probably in the wrong place. Stay somewhere were you can have more fun enjoying your moneys worth and were youll be more appreciated.	
Jul 23 2009 	A great deal a bit crowded at check in but overall...very good	The only complaint that I have is that the check in took 30-45 minutes around 5PM. The line had close to 100 people yet there was only 5 or 6 staff working. Quite a few running around doing nothing. After that the room was spacious, comfortable, clean, well decorated and designed. The view was so so but I did not mind. The bathroom was tremendous and complete with a large tub and separate shower. The staff was friendly and responsive (other than check in). The casino does not have a buffet. (Go to the buffet in the Paris Hotel). Overall one of the better LV hotels.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice Rooms - Scary Environment	Just returned from a 3-night stay at the Venetian with my elderly mother and her friend in mid-July. Even though rates were low (it was mid-July after all) I expected a luxury hotel experience - I couldn't have been more wrong.We had two rooms, and both were nice in size and furnishings. My mother's room had a broken safe, however. I asked that it be fixed when we arrived...it was never fixed. Fortunately we could all use the safe in my room, but I do expect better from a good hotel.Cleaning was another issue. My room was cleaned properly every day. My mother's room (a more expensive room) was never properly cleaned, and cleaned only when we asked a maid to clean it. The beds were never made. We had to ask for clean towels from the housecleaner's cart. And this room was only 4 doors away from my room - another issue since we had requested adjacent or adjoining rooms and they were unable to accomodate us.The staff in general was rude and unhelpful. Checkin involved a half-hour wait in a Disney-style snaking line; not a luxury hotel experience. Check out was worse. There was no electronic checkout available via TV, no ability to view your bill. So I went to check out at the front desk at 6:30 am to avoid the crowds. There were 10 people in line, and only one person at the front desk. This for a huge hotel?? One person in line called the hotel on his cell phone to request more help...after about 15 minutes another person showed up at the front desk. By then it was 7am and the line was much longer. Really inexcusably bad.But the worst part of the hotel was the scary environment and clientele. We were staying in the Venetian tower, which is adjacent to the Grand Canal food court and self-parking garage. This might be the reason for the bad crowds we encountered. There was a security guard posted at the elevator entry on both the casino level and the Grand Canal/food court level. I was grateful for this - although the guards paid little attention to who came and went, at least they were there as a deterrent. There were large crowds of rowdy young people in this area. Now, I know Las Vegas has lots of rowdy young people everywhere...but many of them here were people I would certainly not want to meet alone in a hotel corridor. Drunk kids are an inconvenience....these were not just drunk kids...they were the sort of people I'd expect to find in 'bad' areas of US cities, hanging around in groups. Perhaps it's because the tower is adjacent to the free parking garage, but I was very uncomfortable walking to our rooms, particularly with my elderly mother. I've stayed in lots of Vegas hotels - Mandalay, Monte Carlo, MGM, Mirage, Caesar's- and once had the misfortune of getting stuck in the Excalibur when there were no other rooms in town during a big trade show. The Venetian rooms were nice, but the crowd in our area of the hotel was worse than I've ever experienced at any other Vegas hotel - even the Excalibur. I should add that crowds in other areas of the hotel did not seem to be the same type of people...but it was scary around the Venetian tower. If you do decide to stay at the Venetian, suggest you request a room elsewhere.	
Jul 23 2009 	Almost Perfect	We visited Vegas over the Juy 4th weekend with friends for a wedding. We decided on The Venetian because we got a great deal and we heard so many positive reviews. We booked a Luxury View Suite. Our stay was nearly perfect in every way: quick check-in, superb accommodations, excellent service, great food and just about everything you could want in a hotel. The staff were friendly and we had absolutely not one problem; however, our time in the hotel was almost unbearable due to the floral fragrance. I had read about it and thought it a silly complaint. When we stepped into the elevator in the parking garage my husband started coughing. He coughed nearly the entire time we were in the Venetian for 5 days/4 nights. He was highly allergic to whatever they are pumping throughout the entire hotel. He hasn't had anything like this happen to him before. It bothered me as well, but I had no physical reaction. We bought cough syrup at the Walgreen's, which helped him sleep at night. It was almost comical each day as soon as we stepped out of the Venetian he was fine and the moment he returned it all started up again. Our friends couldn't believe it! He had no issues at any other casino we visited over the weekend. It is such a shame because the hotel is perfect in every other way. If we return to Vegas we unfortunately can't stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Venetian - The Good and Bad	VENETIAN HOTEL &amp; CASINO (July 20-23, 2009) THE GOOD The Offer: We stayed at the Venetian Hotel Casino, July 20 through 23, 2009, for a $129.00 special rate per night that included a luxury suite at The Venetian or Palazzo, two tickets to Phantom of the Opera, 20% off on several fine dining restaurants, 2-for-1 drinks at one lounge, $50 of an 80-minute spa service and $25 in Free Slot Play. We usually stay at Mandalay Bay in the regular deluxe rooms or one bedroom suites for $99 a night but could not pass up the Phantom tickets included with the Venetian stay. The Room: We stayed in the Venetian Tower. We were on the 14th Floor near the end of a very long hallway. The room was just like it was advertised. There was a pedestal type bed in one semi-loft section followed by a second area two steps down that included an L-shaped couch, desk, and table and chairs. It was 110 degrees outside and we set the thermostat to 65 and it kept the room chilly. Amenities: The room lacked amenities in the bath, so when we called for bar soap to be sent up to the room. We were sent a full double package of amenities with four soaps, two shampoos and conditioners, and two lotions. (But we should not have to ask.) It arrived within ten minutes of calling which was exceptionally quick for any hotel service to the room, plus there was a follow-up message on the phone making sure it arrived. That’s good customer service. In Room Dining Card: There is an in-room dining card for breakfast (similar to hospital cards you fill out for your meals for the next day) hanging on the inside door knob. You can fill it out, leave it on the outer door knob and breakfast can be ordered in advance for delivery the next morning by simply selecting your breakfast, delivery time and hanging it on the knob prior to 1:00 AM. The pricing is similar to other hotels. Bath: Like most of the newer or remodeled hotels, the bath has a separate shower and large size tub, which is nice. Shopping: Just outside the elevator area to the rooms, there is a coffee kiosk that has the best mochas I’ve ever tasted. It’s pricey but good. They also carry sandwiches which they will heat for you ($10.99) and an assortment of gourmet breakfast rolls, fruit cups, brownies, donuts, etc (about $4-$8 each) that are absolutely delicious. The Grand Canal Shoppes and Shoppes at Palazzo are close by (just up the escalators from the room elevators on the ground floor). The shops are pricey and geared for anorexics, but if you shop the discount racks you can find some deals. They have some wonderfully unique shops if you are looking for something special including a Brookstone store. They also have another Food Court and some Coffee Bean Tea kiosks. THE EXCELLENT The Phantom Tickets: Since two tickets were free with the room, I expected the tickets to be in the nose bleed section where everyone looked like ants on stage. I was greatly surprised to find we were offered a seating chart and large choice of seats that included both side areas with seats all the way down to the stage in addition to the mezzanine above. The seats we chose usually sell for $137 each. I expected to pay an upgrade charge for anything other than nose bleed seats. Our tickets were in Section 3, Aisle L, seats 63 and 64. That’s stage left near the aisle between the left and center sections about 11 rows from the front. So cool! It cancelled out all the little negativities that we experienced. In Room Office: In the desk area there was a combination fax, scan, copier and printer. You need to bring your own paper, but this was an exceptional extra. The biggest bonus was a power strip with five empty plugs right beside the desk. No hunting for a place to plug in your laptop or cell phone chargers (Yay!). I couldn’t figure out the free internet but didn’t really need it so I didn’t bother calling down to get it hooked up. Two Phones: There were two wireless telephones in the room with stations by the bed and the desk. You could keep a phone beside you and you didn’t have to jump up to answer it. Wake-Up Calls: The Wake-Up Call is a live person not automated. We were awakened by a very pleasant female voice which told us the time, temperature outside and asked if there was anything else they could do for us. THE BAR  Bell Service: When we arrived about 1:00 PM, we parked in Valet as we usually do and waited for a Bell Hop to take the luggage. The Valet Ticket Handler called several times for bell service. After ten minutes of waiting, a Bell Hop came over, told the Valet Ticket Holder that he was leaving for lunch and he left. No one else came. The Valet apologized and we dragged our luggage in ourselves. Check-In: The line for check in was about 25 people long (but went very quickly – maybe 10 minutes) and the lobby was overfilled with noisy people waiting for “something.” We told the check in rep that we couldn’t get Bell Service at Valet. She apologized, gave us our room keys and but still did not call Bell Service to the desk to assist with our luggage. So we dragged our luggage through the casino to our elevators, and then to our rooms. It was a very long walk and our arms were about to fall off by the time we arrived at our rooms. It was very noisy in the lobby during check-in and we could not understand hardly anything the check-in rep said even though we asked her to speak up. She just continued to mumble and look downward as she spoke. She handed us our paperwork including a keyholder card but forgot to place our room keys inside it and had to call us back. Recommendation: Always ask for rooms close to the elevator. Amenities: We were told the room was ready but when we arrived there were no amenities like hand soap. We had to call down to the Front Desk and ask for some hand soap to be sent up. Prior to that, we attempted to get a bar of soap from the housekeeping staff who were still cleaning rooms on the floor, but not one of them spoke English and didn’t have a clue what we asking for even though we pantomimed in addition to asking. Lighting: My biggest complaint would be the lack of lighting in the room. I’m older (56) and need some bright lighting to see well. Even with all the lights in the room on and the blinds completely open the room was still darkened. Plus it took me a while to find all the light switches. Food: All the food was terribly over-priced, even the Food Courts. In the Casino Food Court: a slice of pizza and drink was $15; a sandwich with fries and a drink was $22; and the Shoppes Food Court: two rice bowls at the fast food kiosk without drinks was $16. If you ate at the Café it was about $40 for two people. We purchased some snacks at the Walgreen's store close by (which was also way over-priced) to offset food charges and paid $5.99 for a 12-pack of Pepsi and $5 for chips. The other restaurants ranged from $25 to $150 per person so the small discount coupons were practically useless. Player’s Club: It’s called the Grazie Club, and new players can get $25 in Free Slot Play. The cards come with pretty gold chains attached that are short and completely useless for remembering to take the card with you from slot to slot. The line for cards was always 20-30 people long each time we checked throughout the day. We finally just got in line and endured the wait. There were four reps working, but it still took 35 minutes to get the cards. Recommendation: Ask for four cards and put the extras in your wallet or purse so you don’t have to stand in line again. Slot Play: The slots are so tight they squeak. I’m a local and we play at a different casino almost every month. Recommendation: Stay at the Venetian but play slots across the street at Treasure Island where the slots are loose. Do not stay at Treasure Island, it’s a dump and the workers are rude, but the slots pay pretty well. Room Layout: The room has two large screen plasma TVs but the TVs are only 15 feet apart with no dividing wall, so if both TVs are on, they have to be set to the same station or hearing them is impossible. Also, a good change would be track drapes for the bed area to close off the bed area from the livingroom area so early sleepers can go to bed and not be disturbed by the lights and TV. Bath: They only leave a few towels and rags, not really enough for even two people. Plus there’s no where to hang up a wet rag or towel to dry and the counter space is minimal for setting up hot hair setters and make-up. Window Coverings: This is probably just my bad … but it took me 20 minutes to figure out how to open and close the window covering. I finally realized there was a remote control on the wall in the bedroom area, 20-feet away from the window, by the thermostat, which controlled the curtains. Ice Machines: The ice machines are located behind a door with a small “Ice” sign just off the circular lobby on each floor. It’s kind of hard to find if you don’t know where to look. If your room is down the hall, and ours was way down the hall, it’s a bit of a hike just for ice. Recommendation: Carry some gallon size Ziplocs in your purse and grab ice as you travel back to the room. Valet Car Pick-Up: We retrieved our vehicle about 1:00PM to go to another casino to gamble for better slot payback. When we gave valet the ticket, we were told it would be a 20-30 minute wait for the car. That is a ridiculous amount of time to wait for a car. No other casino has ever made us wait that long. It was a full 25 minutes waiting in 106 degree heat with 55% humidity before the car arrived. Recommendation: During the summer months, carry a personal mister with you while in Vegas. OVERALL: Since we were comped tickets with the room offer, it was a great deal. But if the tickets had not been included I would rather stay at Mandalay Bay THEhotel in a one bedroom suite for their ongoing special price of $99 a night weekdays. You get more room for a lower price (two queen beds, separate livingroom area and two bathrooms), valet offers you a bottle of ice cold water when you check in and out, the service is always exceptional and the slots are looser. We’ve stayed there a dozen times or more and have been very pleased. Even the deluxe rooms are large, the beds are divine, and the deluxe rooms have two large closets and a huge bath area, plus the food court and some of the restaurants are reasonable.	
Jul 22 2009 	excellent	it is a great hotel, the service is outstanding, the rooms are huge, it has 24 hour rooms service, furniture great taste, overall, one of the best hotels I have stayed in, and I am very, very picky	
Jul 22 2009 	Enjoyable and surprisingly relaxing	Stayed for 3 nights at end of 3 week trip to experience Vegas. Chose Venetian as we wanted 2 interconnecting rooms for wife and I and 2 teenage daughters. Valet parking on arrival was great as we never used the car in Vegas and only had a 15 minute wait at check out which didn't seem to bad.Check in was busy but only took 10 minutes. We had requested Piazza suite with connecting Bella, non smoking and over looking Strip and when we checked in early it seemed there may be an issue as no equivalent rooms were available. However receptionist quickly contacted the manager and within a couple of minutes 2 interconnecting rooms on 32 floor overlooking the strip were sorted out. Rooms were excellent, Piazza suite was huge and although not upgraded yet was clean and comfortable. Rooms were quiet and we never heard noise for the other rooms.Pool area was excellent with 14 pools to chose from including Palazzo and we were spoilt for choice in terms of sun beds etc. Breakfast at Wolfgang Pucks beside pool was one of our highlights as prices were reasonable and great location.Staff were all very friendly and professional. Location of hotel is great and we enjoyed basically walking everywhere from there. Great choice of restaurants and while many are expensive it is possible to eat inexpensively or visit the Dennys and Walgreens just outside the hotel. Check out was a breeze with only a 5 minute wait and bill was exactly as agreed.Overall we had a great time and we would certainly reccommend if you are a family and want the convenience of interconnecting rooms, good pool area and good strip location.	
Jul 21 2009 	Wow!!!	This was the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed at! The suite is incredible! When you walk in, the HUGE bathroom is on the left. There's a bathtub and a seperate shower stall, two sinks, a vanity, a flat screen TV, and a little room with a toilet. Then you step into the bedroom where you find the beds, nightstands, closet, flatscreen TV, and dresser. There is a rail near the side of the bed and steps down to the living room where you'll find an L shaped couch, coffee table, armoire with another flat screen TV, desk, table, and chairs. Incredible! And you HAVE to check out the spa. I've had many massages but, this was the BEST one ever!!!My friend and I aren't very big gamblers, but spent quite a bit of time walking around the magnificent shops. We walked up and down the strip, checking out the different hotels. We saw a show, had dinner at a great restaurant, and took a helicopter ride to the Grand Canyon.	
Jul 21 2009 	A Beautiful hotel however.....	I had stayed at the Venetian a few years ago for business and was impressed with the gorgeous rooms and fabulous service.The rooms are still breathtaking (all are suites and there's so much space that one person can watch TV on one side of the room and another can sit in the &quot;living room&quot; and watch another show on the other TV!&quot;) and the service is still perfect--you won't find an unfriendly employee at this hotel. That being said, there are a few things to know.1) The hotel is enormous. And I mean, I stopped in at the walking store here to get a comfortable pair of shoes because unless you're wearing sneakers, your feet will hurt. It's great for a convention but frustrating when you're with family.2) The concierge desk is always busy and not enough people are on staff. I waited 25 minutes to have them print a boarding pass. There was always a line, always a wait and in Vegas there are better things to do, you know?3) There is a food court right at the entrance to the swanky Grande Canal Shoppes. Why anyone would put a low-class food court next to a shopping venue with a Barney's is beyond me. And that food court brings in some unsightly characters on the weekend. Saturday was a rough day for me, trying to avoid the sloppy college-age young men with baseball caps worn backwards and gangsta-type girls &amp; guys hanging out in the Casino. They made me nervous. They looked like drug dealers. They don't belong in this five-star hotel. And I really think it's because of the food court.Overall, we had a positive experience and would stay at the Venetian again, but only if the Bellagio is booked!	
Jul 21 2009 	Wedding and honeymoon all rolled into one - can't beat it!	Spent 7 nights in Las Vegas, maybe just a few days too long as moved on to San Francisco which I could have spent more time in, Venetian gorgeous hotel, worth a one off stay just to see it	
Jul 21 2009 	Incredible Amazing. Romantic. Wow.	Ive stayed at this hotel three times over the years including on my honeymoon and all I can is, for a splurge and when you want to treat yourself, life doesnt get much better than this. Its the most luxurious hotel Ive ever set food in and it boggles my mind 1) how people go to Vegas and stay anywhere else or 2) how the Bellagio beats it in terms of romance?!I could go on and on about why its the best, but I wont, I'll just say STAY HERE. Its incredible.	
Jul 20 2009 	Professional staff made stay relaxing.	When we checked in we were sent to a room that was still occupied. Naturally the pass card didn't work so I left my wife and headed back to the front desk. The clerk who checked us in recognized me and motioned for me to step up and inquired if there was a problem. I told her the story. She quickly checked her computer, then housekeeping and graciously apologized. She stepped back and spoke to her supervisor, came back and upgraded us to a beautiful VIP Suite with an incredible view of the strip. She then sent a bellhop with me to retrieve my wife and help us move to another floor and our upgrade saying, &quot;You folks carried those bags the first time, we'll do it the second time.&quot; First class in everything the Venetian does. Great three- night stay.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel	me and my husband stayed 4 nights at the Venetian on end of JunRooms are amazing, if our room was the &quot;standard&quot; one I can't even imagine what the other rooms looks like. It's HUGE and beautifulCasino is great, restaurants are great, Pool is great, location pretty good....excellent hotel!The only bad thing I can point out is the long waiting to check in and out from the hotel, took us about 45 min to check in on Friday afternoon and another 30 min to check out on Tuesday morning.I was bit disappointed that the guests also needed to pay for gondolas tours, but i gurss that's the way it is in Vegasnot cheap but worth it	
Jul 18 2009 	Best suite value of our vacation. Exceptional amenities.	We had a Rialto suite for our family. Very spacious and well appointed. One of the top resorts in Vegas.	
Jul 17 2009 	Out of this world!	We arrived here for the first hotel of our honeymoon, travelling around the US. We chose the hotel primarily because we had got engaged in Venice 2 years previously. After some intial problems due to our flight being delayed and missing our first nights stay, we eventually bargained our way into a newly refurbished room. The room was amazing, very large with a lovely living area, bedroom and bathroom with his and hers sinks. TVs in all three rooms. And everything can be operated with remote control, which we found quite a novelty!The hotel itself could have amused us for a full week although we only stayed for 3 nights. It was like a resort on it's own. It includes a theatre, madame toussaurds, a mall, leisure centre, casino and the main attraction-a grand canal on the second floor! Although it could not compare to Venice, sitting outside one of the coffee shops in the mall, gondolas going past on the water and the clouds moving on the roof that imitates the sky, it came quite close.The location was great for all the Vegas attractions, there is so much to do that you could never get around everything in 3 nights, however for us this was enough time to get a glimnpse of Vegas and satisfy our curiosity about what it was like.	
Jul 16 2009 	Absolute top	The best suite ever. The most exciting location on the strip - simply in the middle of all the action.	
Jul 16 2009 	Best hotel on the strip - wouldn't stay anywhere else!!	I recently stayed at the Venetian for 3 nights with my husband for our anniversary. It was the first time in Vegas for the both of us. After walking the entire strip and seeing all of the other hotels I'm definitely glad we chose the Venetian. To me it was by far the nicest hotel and had a mixture of everything. Nightclubs, shows, restaurants, shopping, beautiful gondola rides, it's a hotel for every age (unlike some of the others that are definitely geared towards certain ages). We had a basic suite and I thought it was beautiful. Our view of the Mirage was nice b/c we could see the volcano eruption at night. The bathroom was insane. I wanted to bring the entire bathroom home with me, it was huge.The only con would be that the hotel is huge. We kept getting lost trying to find the elevators to get back to our room or to try to get back out to the strip. Postrio was excellent for dinner, as was Tao. We also did the gondola ride and went to the wax museum, which was a ton of fun.	
Jul 16 2009 	Tacky Splendour	The first thing we noticed when we arrived was the awful smell in the hotel. It's a nasty chemical air freshner smell that wafts around the whole hotel.Once we had got over that we checked in and made our was through the casino to our room. it was incredibly noisy in the casino and we were worried about how loud it would be up in our room.The room turned out to be beautiful and very quiet! We had two queen size beds which was more than enough for the 4 of us. the bathroom was enormous and we had a view of the 4 swimming pools on the deck below.The room was not clean when we arrived. there was a &quot;bachelorette&quot; banner hanging on the top of the bed and bits of paper on the floor under the cupboards. we called housekeeping and they came and sorted it out immediately. The sloppy cleaning continued during our stay, but it was mostly just lack of vacuuming around the beds, the bathroom and sheets were spotless.We had three tvs, two in the room and one in the bathroom - how do you watch two tvs in one room? The kids loved it and were able to each watch a different show at the same time.The pool deck is fabulous with two big pools, one smaller pool with loungers in the water and one whirlpool. we hung out mostly at the big pool and only for a few hours each evening. there are virtually no sun umbrellas so it's very hot. we waited till the first shade in the evening to go out. they have a drinks service at the pool although it takes ages to get served, so it's best to go and get your drink at the bar. The pool is definitely for adults and not set up for kids, but ours had fun anyway.The service in the hotel was wonderful at all times, but the waiting time on the phone is way too long.I would also expect a hotel like this to have free wireless.	
Jul 16 2009 	Beware of Valet Parking	We loved the Venetian. It was elegant and the rooms very, very spacious, but beware of the valet parking situation. We waited approx. an hour and half for our bags to be picked up from our room and our car to be brought around. It was a mad house at checkout time and we were lucky we weren't trying to catch a flight. In hindsight, we would self park and not have to wait for the bellman or valet. Also, as others commented the smell in the hallways can be strong but our room was fine and there is a long walk to the rooms with multiple elevator rides but once you figure it out, it isn't too bad. The huge rooms and easy access to the shoppes made this the perfect location for our family.	
Jul 16 2009 	Beautiful room 	The room is not your ordinary hotel room. It has a split level as you enter and was decorated nicely. The bathroom was elegant and spacious. The only negative was I made reservations well in advance and asked for a non-smoking room. At check-in...although I had a confirmation number it did nothing to assure me of the room I wanted. The desk clerk told me the only room available was a smoking room. When I asked how could that be, I was told the hotel was booked due to a convention. They could not explain to me how I got bumped...never offered any deals and was pretty much a 'take it or leave it' situation. They didn't much care if they lost my business. Other than that it was a beautiful hotel.	
Jul 15 2009 	Huge comfortable great value and overall 5 stars!	I really loved this hotel. The rooms are very large, comfortable and beautiful. The bathrooms in their Bella Suite...well lets just say Im going to work really hard to be able to have one just like it in my own house. The hotel is very well ventilated which helps but what I noticed the most is that it had A LOT of security. You had to show a room key to go up to the elevators, you had to insert your key to press the elevator button, after 11pm they had a security guard checking cars coming in and out of the hotel and even had security around the pool. I felt very safe. Our room was big enough for 5 girls to stay comfortably. We also got a great rate wtih a promotion and stayed two nights with tax for $370. The service at the front desk, bellman and conceierge were great. I had no complaints at all. They have a couple pools, Tao Beach for the hipsters and cabanas which we heard are $400 on the weekends for the day. They even escort you to find a spot to sit and lay your towels down for you. I cant wait to go back and soak in their in room bathtubs again.Easy walk to the Palazzo and nearby Wynn / Fashion Show mall. I will definately be staying there again and recommending it as a little splurge.	
Jul 13 2009 	Beautiful Rooms!	We stayed at the Venetian March 5 - 8 and really enjoyed the hotel. The rooms were beautiful and extremely large. Some complain that the hotel is too big and it takes forever to walk...it's Vegas, you walk everywhere!! My only complaint was the perfume that was constantly being pumped through the air vents. It was a bit nauseting but we could not smell it once in our room so that was nice. Great restaurants/bars at the Venetian. Skip Madama Toussad's though, overpriced and pretty lame.	
Jul 13 2009 	OK hotel not the best	We stayed at the Venetian from the 3rd to the 10th of July. This was for our honeymoon and we had come via San Fran. Initially we were looking for somewhere to chill out a bit and in hindsight Vegas may not have been the best choice. The Venetian was certainly not the best choice for a chillout. I was surprised by how many children were around the swimming pool. Vegas is meant to be for grown ups and there seemed to be a lot of kids who were not really being looked after, i had heard in the past that the Venetian was really not kid friendly - there are only so many times you can hear &quot;Marco&quot; &quot;Polo&quot; without going mad!!! Also getting space around the pool at the weekends was a nightmare. They have about 6 pools but the problem is that you get different music blaring from all different angles which means that it is just noise. We were there for July 4th so i suppose you have to expect the crowds. The rooms were OK, house keeping knocked at 8:30 am everyday which was annoying. The restaurants in the hotel are all good, you cannot argue with the quality of the food at either the Venetian or the Palazzo. All levels of restuarant from casual to fine dining were amazing. The casino floor lacks the atmosphere of other casino's in particular the Wynn/Bellagio and those up on Freemont and the waitresses are a little slow in getting around. Whilst there we went to see Phantom of the Opera - i think this was a subconcious decision as they played the music in the lifts all the time. I would recommend this show to anyone, best show we saw, the others were LOVE and Peepshow (Holly Madison playing bo peep - i think she should stick to her day job)The big thing i would say is that the Venetian is expensive, even for Vegas. This is in terms of food and drink but it did not help that the pound is weaker than when i last went to the states. We really wanted to go to TAO whilst there but was put off by the look of the crowd - imagine 1000 21 - 25 year olds on a mission to get wasted!!!! The clubs in the Wynn we a lot better, i especially liked the music in Blush and bumping into Dolly Parton was a bonus in Blush.I think if I go again i would stay at the Encore or the Wynn or maybe Planet Hollywood. The best thing about Vegas is that you can get round to see all the hotels/casinos so i suppose where you are staying is just a place to lay your head.	
Jul 12 2009	The Venetian	Recently I stayed at the Venetian in Las Vegas. I called the day before to ask if it was alright for me to check in two hours early as I was going to arrive early, the person I talk to said that would be fine. However when I arrived I had to wait two and a half hours before they paged me to let me know that my room was ready.The room itself was wonderful. I was on the 33 floor with great views of the strip. The room was the Rialto suite. Originally I had asked for a smoking room and when I got to the room I found out it wasn't. When I called the front desk they said they could move me to a room on the 9th floor. I said no and say where I was at. Note: I found out that most smoking rooms are on the lower floors now and the upper floors are for non-smoking, so you'll need to decide which is more important, smoke or a great view.The hotel itself was wonderful and the choice of restaurants were amazing.I enjoyed my stay so much that this Tuesday I am returning and staying at the Palazzo to compare the two. Hopefully the Palazzo is as nice as the Venetian (I'll write about that experience when I return).Even with my two issues, checking in early and a smoking room, I am still giving the Venetian and Excellent rating.	
Jul 10 2009 	Warning- Stay Away...	My recent stay at the Venetian was one of the most disappointing and frustrating hotel stays in my life. As someone who travels consistently, I have never experienced a more arrogant and offensive staff. I would implore everyone considering a stay here, go elsewhere.On the night of my stay, I returned to my hotel room only to find that my key card would not let me into my room. While my sick girlfriend curled up on the floor in front of the door, I was forced to run to the front desk to figure out what was going on. At the front desk, Miguel Quintanilla indicated to me there was a $357 outstanding balance to my account, and consequently the hotel locked me out of the room. To be locked out of my room for a $357 balance is unbelievable to me. Why could it not be addressed in the morning? This is the Venetian, not the Holiday Inn… and $357 is NOT a meaningful amount of money. And while I'm not a multi-billionaire, I'm fortunate to have a meaningful disposable income, which I displayed repeatedly on the casino floor. Furthermore, Miguel the front desk manager had the audacity to accuse me of not picking up my phone when the Venetian called me about this outstanding balance. This was an out-and-out lie, because no such phone call was ever made. After running the charge through, I was given new keys, that DID NOT WORK. While my girlfriend shivered on HER KNEES on the FLOOR, I had to run back to the front desk AGAIN to get new keys. At that time, Miguel indicated to me that upon check-in, the front desk clerk improperly swiped my credit card. I did not receive an apology. I was never contacted… just locked out of my room for their stupidity.This staff needs to be held accountable for treating people without respect. Stay elsewhere. Teach these large money grubbing corporations a lesson and spend your hard earned money where you will be treated properly.	
Jul 10 2009 	Five Diamond no more?	Just returned from a four- day stay at The Venetian in Las Vegas. I make it a point to review comments on Tripadvisor before staying at any hotel, and I must admit I was a little nervous after reading The Venetian reviews. First, I am glad to say my experience was better than expected, but not necessarily excellent. Let me qualify that I travel a lot for work and fun, and spend a fair amount of time in Las Vegas, so I’m not new to the market. My room was 27-366, a 1,300 sqft+ Piazza Suite on the 27th floor of the hotel, for which I got a great rate; so nothing to complain about. The room was spacious with a large foyer and powder room, a dining room, large living room, bedroom and master bathroom. It had 3 LCD televisions, 3 phones, a fax and printer, a mini fridge and a mini-bar (Be aware that when you move anything around in the mini-bar you will get charged. There is however a very clear sign on the fridge to let you know that), a safe, a wet bar and a cd player/clock radio. The room appears not to have been updated since the property was built in 1999 and it showed its age; however the room was clean and adequately stocked with fresh towels and wonderful toiletries.My arrival experience was nothing special. I pulled up to valet at a very busy time. The valet attendant was friendly but it took about 15 minutes for my car to be moved. It took that much time also to make it to check-in. Not a big deal; I sort of expect that in Las Vegas. While waiting however, another valet who was stiffed on a tip walked by me and loudly stated a profanity, which was a bit shocking to say the least. Check-in was very busy but it took only about 15 minutes to get checked in. The front desk staff was friendly and no issues there; although at check-out we realized they had overcharged my credit card (more later). They offered an additional upgrade to a larger suite, but since I already booked a larger suite I declined the offer. Finding your room elevators can be a bit of an adventure when checking in for the first time. The Venetian and Palazzo complex is I believe the biggest hotel in the world with 7,000+ rooms, which makes the property a monster. It took us about 20 minutes to make it from the front desk to our room. Getting to your room you have to pass through a “security station“staffed by a “costumed” security person checking to make sure you have a room key. Even though this gives you a certain sense of security, the attitude of the guards are not necessarily the best. I can’t recall a single time walking through the area and receiving a friendly “hello”; most of the times you get the image of an annoyed person passing the time doing a job. Speaking of room keys; our door was really hard to open. It took several times each time to open our door. Sort of annoying! I had read many horror stories about housekeeping on Tripadvisor; we really didn’t have a big issue. I can only imagine the challenge of keeping a hotel of this size up to par. In general housekeeping staff was friendly, saying “hi” in the hallways and when servicing the room did the job right. My first day there we went to breakfast around 9am and there was a note on our door already that housekeeping had already stopped by and if we wanted them to come by later we had to call, which we did. It seemed a bit early. On our last day we had removed the “do not disturb” sign from our door. In general housekeeping knocks before coming in, here the person simply opened our door and walked in while we were getting ready. The bed linens were clean and crisp, however one of the sheets on our king size bed had a hole in it. It was not replaced during our stay. We also did not have a laundry bag in any of the closets in the room. If you have an opportunity to see a show, see “Phantom of the Opera” at the resort. The setting is beautiful and the show is worth every penny. From the sets, the costumes and especially the talent, hats off. Prices for refreshments at the show are Vegas high with a small bottle of water costing $6 and a diet soda $5. I had read some horror stories on valet parking. Aside of the earlier mentioned experience valet staff was friendly and efficient. My shortest wait was about 10 minutes, my longest 20. Due to the size of Vegas hotels there is always a bit of a wait at valet, as long as you know that, the wait isn’t bad.Usually I check out in my room. This process did not work for us and we had to go to check out in person. The line was long but we were able to check out in about 10 minutes. The reason I was not able to check out in the room is that a mistake was made upon check-in. My credit card was overcharged and a refund had to be processed in person. The front desk person was surprised by the mistake but managed the check out process and refund with a smile. We also learned the reason we were not able to charge anything to our room. At check-in our information was entered incorrectly resulting in errors when we tried to charge.We had an issue with the in-room safe. It would not lock. We called service and within 15 minutes a service person showed up and fixed the issue. Turn-down service seems to be included but it is not; if you require the service you need to call. All in all my experience at The Venetian wasn’t a bad one, but I expect more from a 5 Diamond property in service, room style, attention to detail and overall experience.	
Jul 9 2009 	Too Big	Hotel is all you would expect from the high standard in Vegas, however the venetian is dare i say this too big!! Most of the hotels are not just hotels but whole areas filled with shops restaurants and their own casinos, it could take you hours to wonder through, however the venetian is the biggest of the lot boasting over 7,000 rooms (now has the pallazo adjoining) making it the biggest hotel in resort. Unfortunately makes it much more difficult to get around and can take up to 15 mins just to get from your room to the street, by the time you negotiate which lift, what floor and move through a very busy casino. Its also is the by far the busiest hotel on the strip, we were there for 4th July celebrations and unfortunately it felt like the whole of California was too!! We struggled to get a bed round the pool for 3 days it was only when people started checking out around the 6th did we get a sun bed. 4th floor pool is noisy and 10h floor is small. Bedrooms are as you would expect for the price per night very nice suites. the bed was very comfortable and the room very cool even without the air con on. However you can still hear noise from the next rooms and hallways. Also when we arrived we found the previous guests clothes still in the cupboard, and bits of fruit on the carpet which leads me to assume hat it was a rush job to clean the room. Also the hotel brags about being environmentally friendly and allows you the choice of having your towels and bed linen changed daily, by leaving your towels on the floor or in the bath and by placing a green card on your bed indicates to change, however we did not leave the card on our bed once and all 5 nights are bed linen was changed and instructions totally ignored. Always place your privacy notice on your door before going to bed as if you forget the maid could be knocking on your door from 8am. Tha canyon ranch (spa) is very expensive compared to the other hotels, facial 50mins $175 massage $250 etc. If you are ahving a treatment you do get use of the spa for the day or you can pay $40 o go in without a treatment - no pool.We have stayed i the Wynn, Bellagio, and MGM, if you are going to pay the price of the Venetian consider the Bellagio first due to its location on the strip and if your not too concerned about being slightly further down the strip then the Wynn is the best hotel in Vegas by far!!	
Jul 8 2009 	My Las Vegas Choice.. Everytime!	HOTEL. Whether traveling with friends, family or a significant other, the Venetian is always our choice of stay. Great location, great rooms, great restaurants, great everything. STAFF. The staffs are very accommodating.ROOM. The rooms are all suites-- spacious and clean. There's a mini living room space in every room. The beds are big and plush. The Rialto suites are even better! Like a mini apartment. Great for traveling with groups of people.SHOWER. Nice and big with a touch of luxury. LOCATION. Centrally located right on the Strip. ATTRACTION. Don't forget to roam around the canals and shops. TIP(S). Use the pool facilities. Tao Beach is very small but it's where all the young hippie people hang out-- string bikinis, loud music and flowing alcohol.	
Jul 8 2009 	Worst weekend I ever had in Vegas	Hotel service is non existent. Caters to the masses. Must carry photo id and credit card wherever you go. Employees are not EXPERIENCED. I was injured in shower by part falling off and hitting me in eye. No medical care. No manager attempted to rectify anything. I am still under a Dr.'s care. Lines wherever you go. Concierge, check in, restaurants, tables, spa. The hotel caters to a young crowd with little travel experience. The Encore is the place to go.	
Jul 6 2009 	Get over the smell! Fantastic stay!	My wife and i took this trip over the 4th of July holiday and were very impressed. To put it into perspective we booked it through hotwire at less than $100 a night which was a steal. The rooms were HUGE and very clean. Our view was from the 33rd floor overlooking the pool and the strip.They have thought of everything at the venetian. Parking is a breeze. No matter if you self park or valet. And, even though it was a busy weekend we never had trouble finding a place to park.I have read plenty of reviews that complain about the smell in the hotel. Yes, it smells like flowers but even I found it to be very pleasent and not over-powering at all. The casino was small compaired to others I have been in but it certainly fit the bill. The highlight of our trip was the pool scene. The lifeguards were very friendly and made sure you were welcome and had anything you needed. And, my advice is to use the pool on the &quot;right&quot; side. Even though it's a little smaller it is almost certainly not as crowded. And they do have &quot;seats&quot; built into the side of the pool that are great for taking a load off.We found that the resturants weren't as expensive as we expected. And, in the room there is a 25% off coupon for the Wolfgang Puck resturant in the town square. It's worth a shot!	
Jul 6 2009 	Great hotel!	This hotel is great! The grounds are beautiful. It's a huge place and you could get lost easily walking through. The location of this hotel is pretty decent. It's not in the center of things but it is very close to the Fashion Show Mall. It seems like all the hotels on the strip are designed to keep you on the premises at all times. This hotel all the shopping and eating you could take. It's twin, the Palazzo, was the extact same way.I like the fact all rooms are suites. So it's plenty of room so you will not be cramped up and on top of the other person in the room with you. The bathrooms are a nice size and very nice. Now the perfume that is in the air smells like some bad dollar store potpourri. Thats about the only thing wrong with this hotel.	
Jul 5 2009 	Nice Hotel but watch out for their bait 	I was there for a software conference and I liked the hotel. It was a great place over all and I will return. However it seemed to me and others on our business trip that the hotel will run a rate bluff on you if you're in town for a large convention and the rest of the town is full. Again this is a great hotel with great service and a good rate. I can't imagine a better overall place to stay in Las Vegas. I will stay there again but I will also be very cautious of their front desk. :-)Nevertheless this is a great hotel and if you stay there you will be very happy, just make damn sure that you show then written booking information and that you get past their fake flim flam con artist desk managers. They are nice though not rude and I was polite and calm I just wanted the rate I had a reservation for. The fake rate they were intially trying to bill me and several of my collegues was in fact higher than the walk in off the street rate by several hundred dollors per night so this was just maddening. I felt like they thought they had you over a barrel and extort whatever they could shake a customer down for and they spent 3 days trying before finally giving up and giving me the rate I had in fact booked.I was booked in through my office, a Fortune 1000 software company and everything was a paid expense so I had no reason to try to scrape pennies off the check. Here's what happened: We all had great rates booked through our corporate travel office. The Venetian refused to honor the rate that I &amp; others of our company had booked. Then they spent 3 days hiding to try to avoid having to honor the correct rate. A suspicious person would think that this is much like the shady car dealer trick of wearing down the customer so that they'll take any price just to leave the lot, or in this case give up and go home a just let the hotel pocket the difference. However when I arrived at the hotel (we all traveled separately) the hotel tried to charge me OVER $500/night for most of my stay. The rate we had booked was about $139/night. At first I thought maybe it was just a snafu with me but then I saw a couple of my collegues walking past and they told me and the desk that they'd had the same issue. When I called our corporate travel office they gave me the correct rate but the hotel desk &quot;manager&quot; at first hid from the call and then when I persisted told me he'd fix it. He dodged me for so long that 1st evening that my iPhone battery ran down as the travel office waited on the line as the rest fo the desk staff would &quot;try&quot; to locate him and get him on the call. eventually out of exhaustion and with a dead battery I checked in and they charged my card the FULL amount for the week. He just kept ducking me and our corporate office for almost 3 days. Eventually the Venetian backed out the fake charges but I had to spend over 3 hours on the phone with everyone involved to get it fixed. I asked for nothing but the rate I booked and told them I wanted no comps or anything I wanted very much to be respectful and make the point that i was going to have none of their Las Vegas Shenanigans. I was there to work and wasn't looking for a handout all I wanted them to do was get their act together and it was painful. Even though I took no comps or other discounts they did send me a $100 food and beverage credit for the frustration. I still feel I'd have been ahead giving the front desk the $100 if they didn't make me spend 3 hours onthe phone. They are nice folks but are a stubborn lot on the rate mistake issue. i realize that they get a lot of drunken con artist customers trying to take advantage of them but I would respectfully ask that they be a little more willing to not force their convention crowd who's companies are spending millions of dollars/week to rent their facilities to get worn down by this sort of thing. It can leave a bad taste. I like their hotel and their staff in general could not be better or nicer. But to be more successful their staff &amp; their custoemrs deserve a better rate validation policy.	
Jul 3 2009 	Amazing place to stay and play!!	My husband and I just returned from a week's stay at The Venetian hotel in Las Vegas. We have been married for almost twenty years and wanted to get away and spend some time together alone. This hotel delivered just what we needed. We had a basic suite in the Venitia Tower on the 31st floor. The room was amazing and VERY CLEAN! I love the spa products provided. They smell wonderful. Except for one rude girl at the Club Grazia booth, every single employee was nice and very helpful. The casino was fun (although we lost at the blackjack tables...) and we rarely waited for a cocktail. For those traveling on a budget, the Canal Shoppes offer a food court with great salads, sandwiches, burgers, and more. Of course, the shopping was excellent, as well. If you can't find something you like within this hotel, you may want to rethink Vegas!! I am already planning our next trip.	
Jul 3 2009 	Wonderful stay at the Venetian	We just spent 4 days at the Venetian and thoroughly enjoyed it. The room is a beautiful, 650 sq ft. tastefully decorated suite with a supremely comfortable pillow top king bed with a sunken living area with sectional couch and dining table. 3 flat screen TV's. The bathroom is all marble and the provided toiletries were top quality. The hall corridors from the elevators are not too long by Vegas standards. The room tower was quiet and elegant. The staff was very friendly,helpful and courteous. The restaurant choices are amazingly diverse, 22, I think, in all. There were choices from inexpensive food courts to super luxe gourmet dining, something for every taste and budget. The shopping at the Grand Canal shoppes is great fun with lots of stores, not just super luxe ones. The strolling muscians, gondolas and Venice atmosphere makes for a delightful experience, even if one doesn't like shopping (like me). The casino at the Venetian is very busy and crowded, but the adjoing casino at the Palazzo is much quieter and more elegant. Having the choice is nice. There were lots of families with children staying and they all seemed to be enjoying themselves immensely. We certainly did. There was so much to do and see at the Venetian, one could just stay there and not leave!	
Jul 3 2009 	The Glory Days of the Venetian May Be Over	Two days after we stayed the Venetian/Palazzo announced massive employee layoffs. That explains some of the problems that we had. The rooms were still nice by any standards but some of the &quot;small&quot; things that the Venetian was once known for were no longer being done in the way they had been done in the past. The bell service was VERY SLOW at check in. We asked for a new shower curtain due to mold on the old one and although two people came to look at it a curtain was never delivered. I know these aren't particularly earth shattering events but it does seem to support the prevailing theory that the Venetian is in trouble (isn't everyone?). I believe that the newly reduced rates make it a good deal but the Venetian is no longer the strong 5 star hotel that it once was. But the location remains unsurpassed.	
Jul 2 2009 	very nice	stayed 4 nights had a great time! kids had a ball at the pool if your traveling with children who like to swim spend the extra money and rent a cabana at the pool and spend the whole day . The parent can sit in the shade with A/C and TV and also watch the kids in the pool.	
Jul 1 2009 	Not so good	We arrived as invited guest to find a dirty room. Upon inspection we found an empty soda can under the bar area, holes in the sheets,empty bottle of champagne in the bar and someones dirty shirt on the back of the door.All this made us wonder if the room was really clean.In addition the television in the bedroom area didn't work. Hated the long of more than 20 minutes at the invited quest desk and even longer at the conceriege. One night coming home from dinner there was a drunk man passed out on the floor of the lobby. The hotel has really gone down hill.Oh and my god can they please get a different airfreshner the smell is horrible.	
Jul 1 2009 	Wonderful Hotel 	This place was awesome from the time we checked in until the time we checked out. Long line at check-in, but went really fast and was able to check in early with no problems. Had a huge suite on the 25th floor with a great view. 4 Star hotel all the way.	
Jun 30 2009 	Fabulous	This is a great resort. It's large and beautiful with lots to do. The rooms are amazing (they only have suites). The staff is very friendly. We had one small snafu- had to call about 3 times to get the sofa bed made-up. Other than that no issues. Went into some other hotels on the strip and were glad we picked this one. It's fairly new, which helps. Didn't visit the pool, but there were several. The only drawback is the food in all the many shops and restaurants is on the pricey side. Oh, and no free internet. $10 a day for access. Plan to spend a good bit if you do all your eating in the hotel. We would love to stay here again.	
Jun 30 2009 	One of the best hotels in Vegas!	This is an absolutely wonderful hotel. I purchased a three night trip as a gift to my husband for Father's Day. I love the Venetian! You never have to leave the hotel if you don't want to. Everything you need is right there. They have entertainment, several restaurants as well as a food court if you are looking for a quick snack. The rooms are quite so that the sounds from the street doesnt filter into your room. I honestly would not stay anywhere else. The rooms are spacious and provide enough space to stretch out and enjoy yourself.	
Jun 29 2009 	crAzY-cleaner robbed my BALMAIN watch though turned me right off.	okay, we were in venice the christmas before and now in the venetian this year......this hotel is huge!!food courts, shopping, venetian masks, caricatures being painted, gondolas, art displays- twas mental the carpark was ginormous!the rooms were gorgeous. outside pool was freezing!cleaner nicked my Balmain watch though which was so crappy. getting to the bottom of that was very tough...i'd have preferred the bellagio, was overwhelmed by the hotel but staff robbing ain't good enough,.	
Jun 29 2009 	Beautiful room and great room service	We spent two days at the Venetian after our wedding in the Grand Canyon and a very serious butt kicking honeymoon of hiking and climing.When we got to the hotel we just wanted to relax in luxury and thats exactly what it offered. Beautiful huge suite, great room service, pretty nice spa, great location. I am more of a B and B, or boutique hotel or historic hotel lover, but we definitly enjoyed ourselves. We just had a couple hours after all of our spa-ing to check out the strip, so being at the Venetian offered an awesome prime location to hit all of the hotspots.	
Jun 28 2009 	Loved this place	Venetian was 5 star all the way. We had no problem with service. Pool area was very nice. What I liked about this hotel is I did not have to walk through the casino to get a coffee in the morning. Coffee and pastrie place was right by the elevators. Nice and convienient. Also the pool was on the 4th floor and you did not have to go through the casino to get to it like some of the other hotels we have stayed at. The rooms were beautiful. We did not touch anything in the fridge because as said before if you even touch the stuff it will send message down to the front desk that you have used it. Everything is on sensors. There is a ABC drugstore on the front of the hotel on the strip were you can pick up pop and snacks. I paid 3.50 for flavoured water at the hotel and at ABC it was 1.99. We truly loved this hotel and will be back.	
Jun 27 2009 	A Very Massive and beautiful place to stay	I &quot;heard&quot; the Venetian is the largest resort/hotel in the world. After staying there for a week I would say, if it isn't, I don't want to see the largest. It is impressive in size, service, and amenities, but plan on getting lost. I heard someone try to use their key to enter my room late one night. No worries, I thought, I have done the same thing. A few minutes later house keeping tried to enter my room, but thank goodness I had the door latched. I assume, because it would have been so far to get to the front desk, and it being close to 2 am, this person called and house keeping used their master key to help this person get entry. The door did open, the latch caught, and I heard an accented, &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; The exercise facility is as impressive as the casino. The shopping plaza/mall is something to experience. I couldn't affort to shop there, but it was extremely well done. If someone else was paying I would stay here again. The rooms are large and the beds are comfortable. With my own money I don't thing I would pay for a room here and then make my normal contributions to Vegas at the same time.	
Jun 27 2009 	Romantic Get Away	We reserved the Venetian as part of a package through Alaskan Airlines. Our stay was from Mon-Wed. Check in was quick and efficient. We were offered upgrades to a more spacious suite, we did not accept, and did not feel pressured. Instead we stayed with the &quot;standard room&quot; which was anything but standard. Our suite was absolutely beautiful and very comfortable. The bathroom was luxurious and the toilitries were delightful. Whether it was the housekeeping, conceirge, or waitress, all staff was attentive and we had a wonderful time. The only concern/suggestion to fellow travelers is the hotel does not provide a list of items charged upon check out (most hotels slide this information under your door). Instead you have to get in line and make a request. We did not have time to do this and opted for &quot;express check-out&quot; which made me a little nervous. However, this did not deter from our stay and we would go back to this hotel again. Last note, I've read some reveiws regarding children in Las Vegas. Las Vegas is a place for adults and is not recommended for children.	
Jun 26 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Just returned from 4 wonderful nights at the Venetian. The standard rooms are spacious and beautiful. I visited my friend's room at the Bellagio and it seemed so much smaller in comparison to the Venetian. The staff was courteous and professional. I was always greeted with a &quot;good morning&quot; when I passed a staff member in the hall. They go out of their way to please.	
Jun 25 2009 	A good place to stay in Vegas	We stayed at the venetian for 5 nights. At the time, the price was very reasonable for what we got from the hotel. The rooms and facilities are incredible, just like most of the hotels in Vegas, and the Casino and the food court were OK, nothing special. The services could be better. The only setback happened when we left the hotel. We checked out from the hotel, paid our expenses and when we got back to Brazil my credit card bill came with almost 100 dollars in beverages that we did not drink at all. Anyway, besides that, we had a great experience.	
Jun 25 2009 	Very Romantic Suites	We stayed at both Bellagio and Venetian during this trip to Las Vegas, and both of them have very luxurious rooms. Venetian has a more romantic setting though, but the room I got is really far from the main lobby and entrance (there are more than one towers) so I always have to walk very far. But other than that I'm very satisfied.	
Jun 25 2009 	You wont get better value for money	I have just returned from my first trip to vegas, I can not get over what you get for your money, I stayed at the Venetian hotel and booked through lowcostlasvegas.com, they were doing a special offer on a stay of 4 nights or more. This hotel had everything, it was ideally located on the strip, food was good in the restaurants and the check in very slick. I would recommend this to anyone, I think they have so many big hotels in Vegas that they must be trying to shift rooms as for the same money you would have a job to stay in a Travellodge in the UK!	
Jun 24 2009 	The best combination of a classy and beautiful hotel filled with Vegas-style attraction	I was blown away with the beauty of the Venetian from the suites to the public rooms. The restaurants were lovely and modern and even the casino was pretty. The meeting rooms and ballrooms were fabulous too. The staff were professional and very accomodating and did a fabulous job of hosting our company's annual event. The only two areas for improvement would be the overuse of fragrance used in certain areas of the building and some of the hotel-catered food choices. For a sensative nose, some areas within the hotel were overly fragrant. Also, some of the food items catered were underwhelming. The actual restaurants were terrific though. I would reccommend this resort for any personal trip or company-sponsored event. I would definately stay there again.	
Jun 24 2009 	outstanding service	I was very pleased with the service. I just hit the priority button on the phone and my request was met. The only problem I have with the venetian is that all of the good chairs at the pool are gone by 8 - people come and put towels on them to hold. This shouldn't be allowed.	
Jun 24 2009 	Stay away! A hotel well past it's prime	We went to the Las Vegas for our annual family trip and that was mistake number one. There were young children with us on the trip and the noise and odd smells really threw off my nieces. Mistake number two was choosing the Venetian... It started off badly as soon as we stepped into the hotel. There was an odd smell about the place. It was like we were nuzzling the bussom of some skanky rich elderly lady. I don't know what scent they were trying to cover up but whatever it was, when mixed with the perfum, it just plain STANK! Our family requested that our rooms be close together, and they said they could do that. When we went to our rooms we found out that although the room numbers were close together they had put us in different towers! We then called the front desk and they told us that we had to go back to change rooms. We had two kids that were already cranky and hot from all the traveling, but they didn't care. They told us to leave our luggage in the incorrect rooms and let their concierge deal with it for us. We were moved into the older tower which stank even more. The beds were lumpy and the carpet condition rivaled that of a motel that charges by the hour. After waiting for the concierge for 5 hours we called them and that was when they told us we had to go and get the bags ourselves! A security guard had to come with us to make sure that we didn't nab the toiletries that were provided to guests in the new tower, but not to guests in the old tower. It was difficult to sleep at night due to the noise level in the hotel. You could hear doors banging and drunkards staggering back to crash in their rooms at all hours of the morning. During our second night in the hotel, my brother had had enough and opened his door at 4am in the morning to tell them to please be quiet. The first words out of the noisemaker's mouth was, &quot;Don't call the police.&quot; He then proceeded to ignore my brother's request. I felt like I was back living in my college dorm-- except for the perfumed smell. In the three nights we were there, I managed to see vomit, blood pools, and discarded food in the elevators.The swimming pools were AWFUL!!! The main pool was packed with people and debris from the poolside cafe could be found in the pool. The Venezia pool was much quieter, but it was teeny-tiny. Again, there were lots of debris to be found in the pool, but at least in this one it was just natural debris such as leaves and drowned insects. The hotel description of &quot;idyllic Venetian garden&quot; and &quot;gorgeous&quot; just makes me laugh. Because the nightclub Tao is located in the Ventian, every night the hotel gets an influx of scantily clad jail bait and men so oiled they practically slipped and slid into the hotel. Security for the hotel guests consisted of a security guard in the hallway checking for room keys. So, anyone who picked up a room key could theoretically be allowed to wander around the hotel! I don't want to know if they did. It was a terrible experience and I would not recommed it to anyone.	
Jun 23 2009 	A Faded Beauty with Housekeeping Issues	The first time I went to Las Vegas around seven years ago, I stayed at the Venetian and had never seen a more amazing hotel. About 4 years ago, I went back and was also awed. I just went back a third time and while the common areas are still gorgeous and dazzling, my suite was showing signs of wear. The bed skirt had a few holes, the lamp shade had a tear and one of the electric outlet wall plates was broken in half. The sofa was also pretty worn to the point that a small area had unraveled. We did not stay in the most expensive suite, but it wasn't the cheapest either. Housekeeping was inconsistent. Only on our second to last night did they place a wastebasket in the bathroom. The last night we were there they took my used bathrobe (DH never used his which was left hanging) and did not replace it. Did they not replace it because we were leaving the next day? I bathe in the evening before dinner and like to put on my robe while I put on my make up, dry hair etc. so I told DH that I would just take his, but he said no that we were still paying for the room and I should call and ask for mine. They were apologetic and delivered one immediately, I also had to ask for soap since they took our used soap without replacing it either. My shower cap was also taken and not replaced. The next day (our checkout day) around 9 a.m. housekeeping opened our door without knocking. Granted I did not have a do not disturb sign, but to me do not disturb means do not disturb by knocking or by making any attempts to come in. A lack of a sign to me means I don't mind if you come in, but have the courtesy to knock first. Since we were checking out, they would not have attempted to make up the room until they knew we had left, so this pre check out intrusion made me feel they were hurrying us to leave, that coupled with the removal of ammenities the night before. Either that or they were disorganized, not having knowledge of who had not yet checked out The hotel guests were mostly young people who looked and acted like they were on spring break, but that was all over Vegas. I've never been there in the summer so I don't know if that's indicative of the season. Overall, the hotel is still a dazzler.	
