Nov 10 2009 	Great Dealers!	Loved the dealers on the grave yard shift! They are so much fun! This is just a relaxed and fun place to enjoy yourself. You save your money and then you have some to spend on the tables. Thanks for such a fun time!	
Oct 5 2009 	When only the finest dump will do...	Jeesh. I can't decide if it was either the 7-11 next door with people hanging out drinking, the guy who decided it was a good idea to tie his 2 pit pull dogs up at 2am in the parking lot, the stained carpeting and couch in our room, or the paper thin walls where you hear everything.Spend whatever money you think you're saving and stay somewhere else other than here. The rooms may be large, and sure you may be getting a &quot;suite&quot; with two rooms, but don't be fooled.I voiced my complaints to the front desk clerk, but he didn't seem too interested in making me feel much better.	
Sep 29 2009 	Best bang for your buck	If you go in expecting brand new top of the line furniture or a bellboy to carry your luggage, then you're in for a disapointment. But if you go in with an open mind and knowing what a 2 star hotel looks like or should look like then there will be no disapointments. The hotel has large rooms. The pool is pretty small but clean and you will have it to yourself most of the time. There's 2 security guards walking around the property 24 hours a day. There's a good size casino with 5 restaurant options including a daily breakfast, lunch and dinner buffet. The hotel is about a 10 minute drive to downtown and about a 15 minute drive to the strip. The room was clean everyday when we got back. My wife and I were impressed with the service and room for the price and we will definetely be staying here next time around. When my wife and I travel the only thing we use our room for is to sleep and store luggage the rest of the time we are out and exploring. If this sounds like you, this hotel will not disapoint you.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great experience both times!!	Unbelieve prices and good accomadations! I have family in Vegas whom my parents visit monthly. Arizona Charlie's boulder is their hotel of choice and I see why. On the 2 trips we have been able to take with them, we have really enjoyed our stay! The price is unbeatable ($25 a night!!) I was pleasently shocked on our first stay that the second bed was in the living area, it was nice to have our privacy. My husband is 6'2 and over 200 lbs, his feet hung off the full size bed, and we had t cuddle some, but we can't complain too much because the price was so amazing! On both trips we took the room has been a little dirty, well, not dirty, just had some cobwebs on the ceiling and black shoe prints on the ceiling as well (weird that both rooms had the show prints.) I recommend this hotel to anyone! Very spacious and accomadating and the price is amazing!!!	
Sep 14 2009 	Very good hotel and casino	If you think this place is not a great value, you are just a hater, and probably always complain .....We stayed here this past weekend, and everything was perfect......NO ROACHES anywhere.....The staff was very friendly and couldnt have been more of what we wanted them to be like....The rooms were very clean---big----and the price was right....$50 Friday and Saturday for a 2 room suite....The buffet was also priced right and the food was very good...We will for sure try to come back here next time when we go to Vegas and also tell our friends the same.....	
Jun 30 2009 	Roach Heaven	Check in - paid for a suite - No bellman to help with luggage, after carrying in the luggage found 2 dead roaches. We reloaded the car and checked out - they did not refund the charge for the room.	
Jun 22 2009 	more than I expected	Just returned from a 3 day trip. This hotel/motel is a nice place. Rooms are 2 room suite. We had a double and king bed. Court yard was pretty with palm trees, flowers and a fountain. Only fault was the fan in the bathroom was loud. Check in and out was easy.	
Jun 19 2009 	It was quiet and pleasant especially for the price.	I stayed her with my spouse for a weekend getaway in Vegas. It was great everything was in order, no foul play anywhere as stated in other reviews. I also found it more pleasing that the casino folk and the people actually staying in the hotel we're no where near each other. It was a quiet and pleasant stay. We had a blast and will stay there again and again. Especially for that price. oh the only thing is they have a deposit of $35, which you get back upon check out, but it was unexpected for me-just caught me off guard, seeing as how it was prepaid.	
Jun 10 2009 	Good Room Cheap Price	Everyyhing went Aok . Hotel was quite clean and at a good price	
Mar 20 2009 	There are better places to stay on a budget	This hotel is located 5 miles east of the strip on Boulder highway- the rooms are tired but really big and cheap. Almost no soundproofing so you hear every step overhead.Awful tv in the rooms and no in room coffee service and cheap ice buckets made me feel like I was in a cheap roadside motel. The food in the upstairs restaurant was cheap and filling with their gamblers card and the casino is running a rebate on your losses up to 100 bucks so you can gamble for a longer time- but no need to stay here. Do expect lots of smoke in the casino so do not wear your fanciest duds.	
Nov 12 2008 	Not fancy bit very reasonable prices.	The Hotel Casino is not on the strip.... a fair drive from it, but much quieter. Parking was a bit confusing, so the best place is in the garage behind the casino, where you can take the elevator to the main floor. The hotel desk is best reached, however, from the valet driveway. When we arrived, there was no sign of a parking valet, however.The place is more of a motel than hotel, with multiple buildings and floors. The room was VERY inexpenive (only $34.99 less a $10 discount for a Nevada resident) and was actually a two room &quot;suite&quot;. The room was clean but somewhat old, but for the price, it was well worth it. If you are on a budget, this is a good choice. The buffet on Monday was 2 for 1 and the food was fairly decent. Not bad for a couple at $10.17!	
Jul 27 2008	By golly spend the extra $10 and stay elsewhere.	Abandon hope, all ye who enter here. This may go down as one of the worst hotel experiences I've had. Here are the facts, ma'am:1. The air conditioner - on full blast - struggled to keep our room temperature down to a sweaty, toasty 76 degrees. 2. The television - which looked like it was from a closeout special a decade ago - had a snowy picture.3. Thug types run amok in the complex.4. While #3 happens, the yellow-shirted security guard clips his fingernails. No, I'm not exaggerating; I (unfortunately) saw it.5. The ice machine on our floor did not work.6. I asked for a room with two beds, and while I did get this, there were two ROOMS as well, which only compounded the air conditioning problems.7. We had plenty of hand towels but no wash clothes.8. Because I booked a room for two consecutive nights but on under two different reservation numbers, I returned after my first night to find myself locked out of my room. I had to go to the desk and RE-CHECK IN, then MOVE TO ANOTHER ROOM! Hello? Hello? Anyone home? Common sense? When I initially checked in, the woman simply said, &quot;Two beds, three nights.&quot; She did not say, &quot;Two beds, three nights, three different rooms.&quot; Good grief.9. Much of the staff seems paranoid. This is one thing I don't have hard evidence of; call it a general feeling.10. The carpet was dirty.Now, don't get me wrong: I do not expect much when I spend $60 for a Friday night in Vegas. But I do expect a clean room with a working air conditioner (Vegas in July, people...) and some iota of common sense from the staff. But you won't get that.I try to find the good in everything, so I'll say that when I found a working ice machine, the ice was cold.I can't stress this enough: Do not stay here, even if it is cheap.	
May 29 2008 	Pleasant Surprise	As we wanted to stay away from the high weekendrates in Vegas we booked this hotel for 3 nights (fri-mo), paying 98euro in total through Expedia.Location:Though on the Boulder Strip it's location is ok really. It's a 15 minute drive from the Strip if you take Flamingo. Close by are Sam's Town and Boulder Station. There's a new Walmart Supercenter across from Sam's Town.Hotel: The hotel has several buildings. We think they are in good condition. We had a (big) corner room facing the (cold) pool. We were pleasantly surprised as this room turned out the a two room, two bed 'suite'. Though there's not a lot of furniture in the rooms..there's a sofa and two tv's. The bathroom is ok, but the fan is really(i mean REALLY) loud (goes on when you turn on the light).The carpet was brand new and we noticed they were replacing carpets in other buildings to.Icemachines are not located on every floor so prepare to hike...Pool : Small, but has a hot tub as well. Plenty of good seats and beds, both in shade and sun. Towels are provided, but we found the box empty most of the time. A call to housekeeping was enough to fill the box again though.Parking: Though quite a pain at night, during the day there's enough parking availabe. At night just use the free valet service if you don't want to wait for a free spot.Casino: We didn't gamble here, but found the casino a bit cramped and smokey. Registration is in the Casino. The other reception they used to have south of the hotel towers is closed now.Buffet:We were pleasantly surprised. We had breakfast here and the quality of the food is good. They cook eggs to order and have fresh donuts. Price was less than 4 bucks with Players Card which is really cheap.If you are looking for a cheap, clean room this is a good place. if you are in vegas as a tourist and you have just a few days here....you better choose a hotel closer to the Strip. I suggest Terrible's which is within walking distance of the Bally's/Paris corner of the Strip.	
Apr 9 2008	Nice Hotel Good Location and Great Price	We drove from Wisconsin to Las Vegas. The hotel was easy to find, right off the highway. We booked our room online about a month before we arrived. For $40 a night you can't beat the price, especially for a King Suite Room.We returned each night to find our room was cleaned, beds made and a seashell fan made out of the roll of toilet paper (that was a nice touch).There are two Arizona Charlies in Las Vegas, and while this one did not have shuttle service (The one on Decatur does). We ate at both and ours (on Boulder) had much better food.	
Mar 17 2008 	Great value!	This was a quick stay of two nights on our way home from California. I had to visit a LV emergency room and needed to rest after receiving medication, but we ended up in Las Vegas several hours ahead of our original plan. I called Arizona Charlies to ask if we could check in early--this was just after 9 a.m. They got us a room right away. It was large, very clean, and non-smoking. yea!The next morning, after heading to an early breakfast in the Wild West Buffet inside, the lady behind the counter was very kind in giving myself and my two children the cheaper rate...if you held a casino gambling card. They have no children's buffet rate, and I was happy for the kind discount. The buffet had a great choice and was good food. We waddled out contentedly.:)We were gone just under an hour, but upon returning to our room, it had been made up and cleaned---all before 9. That was nice!The only problem was checking in and out. The air quality in the casino itself is terrible. I had to breathe through my shirt while at the hotel registration desk. When I mentioned it to the lady behind the counter, she agreed, stating, &quot;I have to sit in it all day, and my lungs are terrible.&quot; I booked through Expedia---having used them for years. We paid $35 a night and I feel it was a great deal for the money. They no longer offer the shuttle, but we had our car with us anyway. :)	
Mar 5 2008	Problems with this hotel which is really a motel and casino.	This hotel is really a multi-stored motel behind the casino. Management is very oriented to casino customers and does not seem to care much about overnight customers. First, there is no indication of where registration is located or where to park to register. Finally, valet parking man indicated to park on red curb area (fire lane location?) in the &quot;Thru Lane&quot; in front of casino. There were parking spots in front of motel rooms, but these were mostly occupied by local gamblers so sometimes you are forced to park far away in garage. No indication spaces near motel were reserved for room guest. The room was humblely furnished, had a big living room and a nice size bedroom. However, the bath room smelled awful from mildew/mold. Nearest ice mache did not work. Had warning that all items in room were inventoried so do not steal anything. Also, be sure to secure main door with lock device when in room. Prices of food and room were cheap, but I would not stay there again. There are other better place for about same money in Vegas.	
Dec 27 2007 	Cheesy trailer trash style but we loved it!!	We were in Vegas for 10 days. We stayed here for about 5 of the 10 , both weekday and weekend. We found our suite to be clean and the cleaning staff, front desk staff to be friendly, very helpful. We needed extra towels once but had to go to front desk to get. The rates ofcourse change dramatically from weekday to weekend but that is typical Vegas. We gambled here , had a great time, and found weather you are at one of the big hotels or the smallest out of town casinos, winning or losing is the same. We actually preferred gambling at this hotel/casino because of itssmaller size and pay outs were more often and more $$$ than the big glitzy hotels/casinos on the strip. The food at the buffet was great,,, I mean a buffet for $5.99 or $7.99 is a great value,,,and the food is good!!!! The most you waited in line was maybe 15 minutes with about 20 people in line. We saw lineups at the Paris hotel with 200 people waiting to get in to eat a $12.99 breakfast. Hello!!! Tired of buffet?? Try the Yukon Grill, which is in the Arizona Charlies ,upper level, this restauant is first class, food is fantastic and the service is #1, the Chef even comes over to talk with you.... You must try this gem , and the prices were reasonable... Other thing I like about this place was no waiting for a slot machine there are plenty to go around,,,lots of payout machines to get your cash/winnings...Downside, well yes the neighbourhood is a little seedy, and yes there were punks hanging out on our stairwell once , but a quick call to security and they were chased away... There is plenty of security on bikes here, which I had never experienced before but I guess there is a reason for them , to keep the place safe, and keep the gamblers safe...I learnt in Vegas Always be aware of your surroundings.....The pool was clean and refreshing on a hot afternoon.	
Dec 25 2007 	Why Bother?	I'd gambled at Arizona Charlie's Boulder previously but never stayed at the hotel until my most recent trip. Friends had traveled with their RV and this happened to be close to the RV park where they stayed. Trust me, this hotel is as close to the end of the line as I want to be,The room was large but really threadbare and had cigarette burns all over (despite being a non-smoking room.) It's not a convenient trek from the room to the casino. The rooms are comparable to a Motel 6, only larger. There is also no Internet access.The casino staff was very friendly but the place seemed a lot smokier than I remembered. I couldn't play for long periods because of thoke, so I often went elsewhere.Others have complained about the neighborhood; it obviously isn't high class but I encountered no problems. I did have a car, though, and didn't rely on shuttles or public transit.If everything else is booked or if you're on the thinnest of shoestring budgets, this place is OK, but really, there are nicer places to stay for only a few bucks more which are quite a bit nicer.	
Dec 9 2007	Stinks!!!	Could not breathe because of stinking heavy cigarette smoke. Owners should install some sort of clean air machine or something. Would have stayed longer if the smoke hadn't been so bad	
Oct 16 2007 	Great for a basic accomadation for a low price.	We stayed here one night. We are a family of 4 adults, one tween and a toddler. This afforded us reasonable and convenient accomadations for a very reasonable price. The rooms are large -- consist of a sitting area and a seperate bedroom and bath with a very large closet. It is great in that way because the rooms afford a lot of privacy.The rooms are also convenient for coming and going because they are outside rooms with free parking. This is both good and bad -- you also have to walk outside to get to other parts of the motel/hotel -- such as the casino, pool, dining, etc. The food at the buffet (as well as the service) was really good.This would be a great place if you are coming and going -- or adults who care little about hotel features and more about Vegas attractions. You would definately want a car since the strip is about 8 to 10 minutes away -- and it is an easy drive.For families looking for more inclusive atmosphere -- just a mile away is Sam's Town -- a better location with kids and just a little more money.	
Jul 24 2007	Great bargain for a suite	Stayed on a very busy weekend 7/7/07. Booked the suite since we would have our 6 year old granddaughter with us. Surprised at how big the suite was. Had a small couch, coffee table, end table, TV in a cabinet and a full size bed in the main room and a King in the second room with a bathroom. Nice to be able to close the door between the rooms. It was clean and comfortable. Sink is outside of the small toilet, tub area. Entering from the parking tower to the casino we were confused as to were the check in desk was so we asked an employee on the casino floor for directions. With a smile she had us follow her all the way through the casino to the check in desk. The staff at check in was also very polite and helpful. Good value in the buffet and cafe with friendly staff also. I would only stay here if you have your own car. It's a bit far from the strip or downtown to take a taxi which might get expensive. Two night stay on Sat/Sun. was only $109.00 booking weeks in advance on the hotel web site. We plan to try the Decatur location even though it cost more just to see if we like it better but will stay at the Boulder location again also. I was worried that it would be a dump because of the low price but it was fine. Yes we have stayed at nicer places and some not so nice and paid a lot more.	
Jul 24 2007 	Unfortunately this is where you end up staying when the strip is booked	I think we stayed here 1 or 2 nights with another couple and we were not staying at Cheap Charlie's because we wanted to. You get what you pay for and the rooms actually aren't that bad, just not well maintained or cleaned.If we could have afforded the suites on the strip we would have stayed there instead. But Oh well Hotel served us like it should and no one ended up dead. Just be aware that this is not the Las Vegas Strip and the clientèle over here is not the same either. So in brief this is not a place to plan your trip around, but if you need to find a room at the last minute, this will do, just be aware of your surroundings and keep a light on.	
Jul 22 2007 	Good enough!	Room was &quot;worn&quot;, but as expected for $30 a night. Had to walk &quot;aways&quot; to the casino, and the parking filled up quick in the evening.Had issue in the casino as I wanted to take advantage of a highly publicized promotion &quot;Re-imburse the first $100 of your losses on the first day&quot;.I had signed up for the A.C.E. Rewards card on-line when I made my hotel reservations two months ago, and I was informed that I was &quot;ineligible&quot; for the $100 re-imbursement as I was not considered a &quot;new customer&quot;. I had just received my membership card that day, upon my arrival. I couldn't get anyway to help me or budge, so they've lost me as a return customer and I'm telling everyone I know and about my experience.	
Jul 16 2007 	All that and a bag of chips	Arizona Charlies is a small casino on Boulder highway. We ( a family of 5 with two teens) stayed 4 nights here for a BMX race at Southpoint .  The location, off the 215 at flamingo, was easy enough to access for all of Las Vegas. Access to a vehicle is a must, esp. in the summer. The temp. was triple digit teens the whole time we we there. A few large Casinos are nearby but everything is a drive. The Rooms- They are as the other reviews state; nothing fancy.We rented two King Double suites. Two rooms,Two beds, T.V.'s couch,table and ample storage for clothes. We kept Three bicycles in one suite with room to spare. The corner suite was a little bigger. And the sink in the room was funky. I tried to be critical of everything knowing that I would write a review, and really could'nt find anything wrong. No mystery stains, comfy beds and sanitary toilets. Tokeing housekeeping got fresh towels. We paid rack rates , thur arrival and Mon. departure and it came to $400 total for both rooms! Such a deal. If you're a family traveling on a budget, this is a very good value for your hard earned cash. The Casino- Plenty of Penny and Nickle machines. Lots of video poker and keno. Most are older (1 or 2 years) It was never crowded, and finding a machine was pretty easy. A small but decent Race and sports book. It closed early though, so if you like to play Harness, go to Sams Town down the street. Bingo can be had 24-7. We played a few times. Games called rather quick Payouts were good. Table games were small and a seat could be found even at peak times. Only two crap tables. Lounge act was rather silly but better than the drone of slots. No live Keno. Not too smokey. Lots of locals.The food- Basic eats. The Buffet was inexpensive, Hot food, Fresh and plenty of it. We ate at least one of our meals of the day there and everyone walked away full, even the picky teens. Same for the 24 hr.Sourdough Cafe. Try their Strawberry shortcake. If you eat the whole thing and get sick, it's your fault.The Staff- I did'nt find a single Grouch. Everyone was happy and helpful. A rare thing indeed. Overall- Because the Hotel is separate from the Casino, One must walk outside to and fro. This creates the problem of walking around at all hours with large sums of cash in hand. the staff has provided Armed Security Guards on bicycles roaming the property. I saw no less than three in one morning while throwing all the equipment in the truck. I felt safe at all times, and that's not an easy thing for me. Because the rates are so reasonable, There were quite a few traveling workers here.They work long hours and just want to sleep when they get back. Our rooms were on the ground level, and I did not hear unneccesary noise from abouve, although the kids did in their room.  There are valid reasons not to stay here, But for us, it fit well and We will be back.	
Jun 15 2007 	Scary! Run Away!	The only reason we stayed here was: We had a large group, and a lot of hotels were booked due to NASCAR weekend or totally over priced.This place is scary! There are scary locals creepy around the casino. Hold onto your purses! Seen some gang bangers lurking around the hotel. Thank god for the security guards riding their bikes around...but they were on the weird side as well.Maid service came in and made our beds even though we had the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; on the door. I wasn't very happy about this considering I thought I made my bed just fine and I don't want strangers in my room. A guy staying down the hall said when he got out of the shower there were 2 security guards standing in his room. He asked them what they wanted and they said they thought they smelled smoke then walked out.??Weird!We spent soooo much money taking taxies to the strip from Arizona Charlies. This is when we were lucky to have a taxi come by. NO TAXIES COME BY AZC!!!! You have to walk WAY up the road to another casino, soooo girls wear comfortable shoes!Hell hole! Don't do it!	
May 23 2007	Not a good location or safe place	Well we just needed a place to stay as we were visiting family in the area. We had no intrest in the casino so the fact that it was not close to our room was ok. The eating cafe was ok, nothing fancy. Smoke is the smell of everything in the casino areas. The room was ok, clean enough for the price. The area is not safe. There was a fight in the parking lot one night but security was there to break it up fast. The noise was high as many that use this hotel are workers in the area. Police activity is very high in this area as well as drunks, bums, and pimps looking for activity. If you stay in your room after 10 and pile stuff in front of the door to feel safe this is your place to stay. The staff was ok but you have to ask for everything you want such as hair dryers and coffee pots. I would guess many walk off the grounds. Don't be fooled by the good price. This is a beware place. It is erie and I would not go there again if it was the last place on earth. I shook in my pants every night. If you are looking for a family hotel try the chain hotels, much better areas and even the higher price is worth it. Better safe then sorry. Unhappy Camper	
May 16 2007 	Remember this isn't "The Strip"	First of all, remember that you aren't staying on the Las Vegas Strip. If you are staying on the Boulder Strip, your focus should be cheap gambling and cheap hotel rooms - because that's what you'll get. That is what I was looking for and Arizona Charlie's delivered. The hotel was cheap, but clean. The dealers were friendly. They had $3 craps, $5 paigow, and $5 blackjack. My husband and I were looking for a place to gamble where we weren't going to spend $200 a night to stay at the hotel and that's what we got.Also, while we were there, the bar at Charlie's had a band that was a lot of fun and added to the overall gambling experience.Don't expect a huge casino or luxury rooms - it's basic. I wouldn't recommend the buffet there and you should totally get a car so you can visit Boulder Station and Sam's.	
Mar 30 2007 	Not Great Not Terrible	The good news is that it was a two room suite, near a very nice pool area and just across the driveway from the casino.The room was tired, could use some upgrading.If you aren't paying too much, it isn't terrible for a few nights.	
Feb 14 2007	Your typical LV low class hotel	Booked and prepaid my reservations via Expedia. From the website, I thought the hotel was part of the casino. It's not. It is a seperate building and looks exactly like the other cheap motels along the Boulder Highway. Check in was inside the casino, by the gift shop. Because I prepaid the room, I didn't want to put down a credit card. Instead I was forced to pay $35. in case I &quot;lifted something from the room&quot;. The next morning, I had to get my deposit back. By the time they made up the room, I would have been long gone. Don't understand this policy at all. Both check-in and check-out personnel were indifferent. Both tried to sign me up for their &quot;player's club&quot; card.The rooms were suppose to be &quot;suites&quot;, bywhich, you had to seperate rooms. Although spacious, they were both small and sparse. The bathroom was tiny and difficult to use.Both Expedia and the Casino should clearly state that this is a motel and not a hotel by any means of the word. Also, their check-in policy should be made clear at the time of booking.Would not stay at this location again, only because there are other motels on the Boulder Highway just like it.	
Jan 9 2007 	not good but not bad either	There were LOTS of ANTS on sink. We have to kill them all before brush our teeth. The bed sheets smells a bit, you can hear voices from other rooms, the parking lot is ALWAYS FULL, some people take 2 spaces for one car, the security was there but didn't say anything.However, the front desk was friendly, the housekeeping too. It's not too far fron the strips, the price is reasonable. We would probably stay there again but will request a room without ants =)	
Dec 11 2006 	Friendly people great deals	We've stayed downtown and played at Arizona Charlie's for several years so this time we decided to stay there. We recieved a coupon deal that resulted in us paying $ 20 per night for four nights. Since we played there our comp earnings covered all of our food as well (not a high roller). The staff, from dealers to the check-in lady to slot personnel were the friendliest I have seen in over 20 years of visiting Vegas. They smiled and said hello whether I did or not! Meals at the buffet are terrific and most reasonable. They are making a huge effort to make the landscaping and grounds look very sharp....and it shows. The grounds are clean and neat. The only odd thing I encountered was the room layout. There's lots of room in the 2-room suites, but the layout makes it look rather sparse. It really needs more furniture and larger TV's...but these were minor drawbacks to us since all we do in the room is sleep. This oddity was more than overcome by all the other pluses. I'll be back.	
Dec 9 2006 	Basic but clean	Basic accommodation. Don't expect anything fancy, but it was very clean but looking a bit worn around the edges. At $31 C per night mid-week in early December including taxes it was a bargain. If you book through Travelocity the rate is about $15 less than on the Arizona Charlie web site. A bit of plumbing noise from other rooms, and in the morning the cleaning staff were noisy outside on the open corridors. Sign up for their Ultimate Rewards card on the internet before you go and you can get discounts and a free buffet after only a bit of play. The buffet was barely adequate, but for the price was OK.	
Oct 11 2006 	Great!	Just returned from another great trip to Vegas. I had stayed at the other Arizona Charlie's location on Decatur a couple of years back and it was great, so I figured I couldn't go wrong with the Boulder location. I am a member of their Ultimate Rewards club (the players club for both Arizona Charlie's locations as well as the Stratosphere) and responded to a direct offer I had received from them which gave me an upgraded suite for the price of a standard room.Check-in was very rapid and I was especially appreciative of the check-in clerk, Elenora. I was having a problem with my debit card - it turned out the company had put a temporary block on it for suspicion of identity theft! Fortunately I got it all straightened out, and Elenora swiped that card about 10 different times over the course of an hour without even frowning. That takes alot of patience - you don't often see much of that in the customer service industry anymore. Thanks again, Elenora!The property differs slightly from the Decatur location as all of the corridors and buildings are outside vs. being enclosed. The decor of the rooms is a little more Mediterranean vs. southwestern, as the Decatur location is. The suite (I believe it was a Standard King Suite) was very spacious, two televisions, extra cold air conditioner, very good water pressure, and lots of closet space. The casino was great as always and the Sourdough Cafe was teriffic. Be sure to check out the $2.99 Steak and Egg special, it's the best you'll ever had and has won several awards in Las Vegas magazines.Overall, a teriffic stay and I'd recommend it to everyone. Remember, you won't get the glitz and glamour of the Strip in some of these off-strip casino hotels, but it's been proven that places like these are far superior in customer service and higher casino payouts. The room prices and friendly employees can't be beat. Give it a try!	
Jun 30 2006	Terrible	Following is a list of overall impressions:1) The facade is under construction, making it difficult to get around the front of the hotel/casino. Trucks and workers often impeded clientele traffic.2) We had a heck of a time finding the hotel check in desk. Only one sign hinted at its location, then we finally had to ask the valet guy.3) Overall, the exterior is filthy. The sidewalks are ugly with air conditioning, gum and grime stains. Some portions of the exterior were repainted, with overspray on the walkways (no tarps used), The walls and air conditioning units were grimy.4) We booked a &quot;deluxe&quot; suite with a king bed. There's one big, stark room with a tiny TV in the amoir. Grimy old carpet and dingy walls greeted us. The &quot;ball/hook&quot; door lock was broken off. The bedroom had another tiny TV/amoir, with a fair mattress, and the sink (single) RIGHT NEXT to the bed. The pillows were small, and the linens were stingy (only two bath, hand and wash towels).5) We called the front desk to get some additional pillows around 6PM, and no one ever came. When we called again to inquire, they said &quot;housekeeping&quot; was hard to reach. No one ever called back, and we never got our pillows.6) The bathroom fan did not work. Use your imagination after an evening out eating.7) Service at the Sourdough cafe was abysmally slow. Even after the restaurant manager visited our table to &quot;check&quot; on us, our meals took another 10 minutes to arrive.Bottom line, this place is the WORST hotel I've visited in over 10 years (Motel 6 does a better job), and I travel extensively. We felt unsafe walking the grounds gazing upon what looked like gang bangers. Avoid this place at all cost.	
Jun 9 2006	AZ Charlies Boulder we will be back Next Year	This is only our 2nd annual trip to Las Vegas (Mom, Aunt and I). First hotel we stayed at, was AWFUL. So yes Arizona Charlies Boulder was a welcome step up. We had a nice deluxe room which was plenty big enough for us. We loved that the sink and mirror are separate from the shower. Since 3 women trying to get ready at once can be a scary thing. We had an excellent spot, parked right next to elevator and went right up to our room. Great view of the Pool which was nice the one day we got a chance to get in. We ate at the Buffet and the Sourdough Cafe, must say my preference was the Cafe, not the Buffet. Our first impression was not the best because the check in lady had NO Personality but every staff member during our stay after was very friendly, helpful and had a smile for us. You definitely need a car if you are staying here and wanting to go to the Strip or anywhere else. The only downside we did discover was the carpet was stained in some places but the room and bathroom itself looked clean and maintained. We are already planning our 3rd trip and Arizona Charlie's Boulder (East) will definitely be on our list to stay at. For the price and the location, it is a great deal...After reading all the reviews here, I was abit afraid but for the price for 3 of us, it couldn't be beat and thought OK lets do it. I am glad I didn't let the mixed reviews detour me from booking a room and staying here. Also, lastly, the air conditioner in our room worked great which is a big must have.	
Apr 11 2006 	Not Great But not THAT bad	We stayed here only because it was the only room we could find when my BF had to attend a convention on last minute notice. Almost all the rooms were sold out in Las Vegas for the days of the convention. The few that were available were going for $400 plus, so this seemed like a good deal for $39 (through hotwire) a night during a busy convention week. We stayed Tuesday-Friday.LOCATIONThis is on Boulder Highway, far off the strip, and they do not have shuttle service to the strip. We had a car, so location wasn't that big of deal, but don't stay here unless you have a car. Boulder Station and Sam's Town are on either side (long walk or short drive).CHECK-INWe checked in about 11:30 AM. The clerk first told us they were completely booked, and all we could get was a double room, and no rooms were ready yet. We slipped her a $20 and she found a King/double smoking suite that was ready for check-in.Note that the front of the hotel is under construction, so you need to go through the casino entrance and check in there.ROOMThe room was barely adequate, but can't really complain for the price we got. First, the good. It was spacious. It was close to the pool, but looked out on the parking lot and the 7-11 next door, but was pretty quiet with little road noise. Fairly clean, with a stain here and there on the carpet. Also the windows open up, which is nice for fresh air and a breeze. It had two rooms. A large front room with a double bed w/end table, sofa w/end table, coffee table, armoire with drawers, and small tv (reception was clear for us, but only 8 channels, no HBO, etc. you could order movies.) The second room was a bit tight with a King bed, a corner unit with another small tv, and a sink stand. It also had a large walk-in closet. I found the bed to be fairly hard, and the pillows were very uncomfortable. The bathroom was tiny with a toilet, and a tub/shower combo. It was dingy and old with some mildew in the tile caulking. Shower pressure was ok, but not great. Shampoo and lotion for products.Be aware that the rooms have no amenities except for an alarm clock. There is no hairdryer, iron, ironing board (although i guess you can request them, although they don't make this known, but i did see one housekeeper removing one from a room), coffee maker, fridge or microwave. There is only dial-up internet access, with a 75 cent per connection fee. Also, there was only one ice maker that I could find and it was at the opposite end of the complex, there was no ice maker near the pop machine at our end. THE GROUNDSThe units all surround and open up to a courtyard. There is landscaping and paths to the casino, with a courtyard sitting area toward the casino end of the courtyard, a fountain in the middle area, and a pool area w/hot tub at the far end. There is always security around on bikes, so the grounds seemed safe.We used the pool twice and it was very uncrowded considering the place was full. They have lots of deck chairs that you can use in the sun or in a shaded area they have. The hot tub wasn't very hot, but was ok. (I noticed the reviewer below said there was no pool, but I think she must have been in the wrong area of the courtyard, because there most definitely is a pool).CASINOWe were in the unit farthest away from the Casino, but I didn't find the walk through the courtyard that long to get there; I have walked farther to get to the casino in large strip hotels. The casino was fairly small by las vegas standards. But gaming is cheap and it was never super crowded. Video Poker makes up the majority of the machines. There aren't that many tables, but I rarely saw them all full. We won some, and were up a couple hundred on our second day there, but managed to lose most of our gambling money by the end. Cocktail service was good and friendly. Lots of locals seemed to game here, and they were all friendly and fun.RESTAURANTSThere is the Wild West Buffet, The Sourdough Cafe, The Yukon Grille Steakhouse, and a deli for sandwiches and fast-food type stuff. The prices for food are extremely reasonable, and friendly service.We ate at the Sourdough Cafe for breakfast several times and a couple other meals. The ham and egg special for $2.79 is huge. They also had a steak and egg special for $2.99, the steak was a little tough, but had good flavor. My bf's favorite was the chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes he had one night for $4.99.We also tried the Yukon Grille Steakhouse one night, it was reasonable, but underwhelming. I had the small filet medium rare, which was overcooked and tasteless, and my bf had prime rib, which he didn't enjoy at all (I have a feeling you could do the prime rib in the studio cafe for $7.99 and would get the same thing). Each entree was about $18. With a bottle of wine, salads, two entrees, and a shared dessert, the total was only $75, but I would rather spend more for really good steak. Overall, I wouldn't stay here again unless circumstances required it. But if you are doing las vegas on a tight budget, it is not a bad value for your money.	
Mar 17 2006 	RUN FOR THE HILLS	Please do not stay here.I live in Minnesota and my sister is in California. I am getting married in Vegas this April and found it just a little too difficult to plan EVERYTHING with out seeing anything. My sister and I went to Vegas to check out this hotel and the wedding location. This hotel was recommended to my by a friend. I was told it was great for he money. My ENTIRE family is planning to attend the wedding obviously including my mother in a WC. Now on to the bad stuff.First of all the hotel was under construction. The front of the building was missing! You couldn't even figure out where to park to check in. Valet was no help at all. Check in was another story but it took way too long. One of our first observations was that the hotel was NOT connected to the casino which is something we definitely did not want. Once inside it's your typical casino but SO SMOKEY, and I’m a smoker!!! I could hardly stand it. Our room also smelled so bad. In the middle of the night it smelled like somebody was smoking right in our room. Keep in mind I had already booked 30 rooms for my wedding in April. As we are on our way to the room we noticed there was concrete where the pool was supposed to be. We did not feel that this hotel had adequate accommodations for people in WC. There was an elevator but all the buttons were broken and I really do not think it was large enough to hold a WC, luggage, and another person. This was by far the most unacceptable situations. We try to make the best of it, for the night.Do not believe the pictures on the website. No pool. There is a total of 9 tables and 1 roulette table. One the website it looks like the tables go on for miles. If you like to play tables keep this in mind.The Next MorningWe realize there is no coffee pot, no ironing board! Apparently you have to special order them. We I highly doubt they have 30 WORKING coffee pots and ironing boards at there hotel.We have an appt at 11 to pick out my flowers. After showering in a tub that made you feel that you 100lb body was going to break through the floor we were ready to dry our hair. The outlet blew up our hair dryer!!! We had to run to a Big Lots with wet hair to buy a new hair dryer. Can you imagine if that happened to me on my wedding day?Needless to say we checked out that morning with nowhere to stay. It did not feel safe. Everyone would have to rent a car as there is no airport shuttle or strip shuttle. It did not look like my mom could get around easy and it was NO place for kids. I would never lay down my baby niece on the bed with a fear she would be poked with a needle. YES, it was that bad. It was a step up from a crack house.Luckily the wedding location was beautiful, Kudos Rainbow Gardens and Thank you to Ron at Bloomers for suggesting the hotel we are now all staying at Palace Station.	
Mar 7 2006	Run to Another Hotel!	We stayed with my daughter's soccer team and it was awful from the beginning. We got there late Friday night and when we checked we assumed we were getting a non smoking room but when we went to our room , it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches in the room. The TV was from the 1980's and had only a few channels and ghost image on one of the channel's. Try watching Jay Leno with a ghost image of him in the TV. I called to change room and the from desk stated that no room were available until the next day. I stated to the from desk that I wanted a non smoking room and the from assured me they would be room available. I called three different times , the next day and they told me to call later. That the room were not availAble yet. I went downstairs, by elevator which has no up button , you can only press the button to down The front desk person got a non smoking room for me. I walked back to the room with the smell of fertilizer and view of dead grass. The suite's bathroom was the size of a closet and i had to dry off in the bathtub for more room. Need I say more. Save your money and go somewhere else.	
Jan 3 2006	I love Arizona Charlie!!	The only thing I found wrong with this hotel was the distance to the Strip. I stayed here with a friends family, the grandma had booked all the rooms so we had no choice. I later found out the rooms were 29 dollars a night, you can't beat that! I stayed in one of their suites, it had been recently remodeled. It was spotless, spacious, and comfortable. Breakfast everyday in the Sourdough Cafe, everything tasted fine. The casino served it's purpose. The bartender was friendly as well as the cocktail waitresses. I didn't play on any of the tables but that's only because I'm cheap. It cost about 20 dollars to get a cab ride to or from the strip, the only drawback. All in all I would recommend it to anyone!!!	
Sep 20 2005	Better than I expected	My husband, daughter and I stayed at Arizona Charlie's Boulder Hotel and Casino September 4th, for 1 night. Our flight arrived very late Sunday night and we needed an inexpensive place to stay. I was very skeptical due to the reviews that I have read, but we decided to take a chance. I booked the room on the AC website, $49.00 for a Deluxe Suite King/Double. The hotel is undergoing rennovation on the outside. The room we received was very clean, but in need of an upgrade. The front room had a double bed, TV, and sitting area with a sofa. The bedroom had a King size bed and another TV,which was a bonus. The bathroom was small, clean but did have old fixtures. The hotel is more like a motel setting, the rooms could not be reached through the casino, all on the outside as best as I could tell. Check in was very quick but, the lady at the front desk did advise us to make sure we checked out by 11:00 AM. The beds were comfortable and there was not alot of noise. I was concened that there would be alot of noisy people and car doors slamming with the rooms facing the outside. Check out was easy and since we prepaid there was not a hassle. We were pleasatly surprised and got a good deal for the money.	
Sep 1 2005	Perfectly nice motel	I just returned from a 1-night stay at AZ Charlie's Boulder. I was a little worried after reading some postings for this, but I had a nice experience. I arrived before check-in -- around 11:30 am -- but the clerk was nice enough to find me a clean room -- and by the pool, which I requested. The room was basic - 2 beds, bathroom with noisy fan, vanity/sink area, TV, table &amp; chairs. Plenty of hangers in the closet area too. The property's kind of like an apartment complex -- lots of units and a pool area in the middle. I spent about an hour by the pool and, besides being open to guests only, I saw a bike security man ride by at least 3 times. Makes you feel safe. I ate at the breakfast buffet -- no complaints for $4.60. I got my fruit, coffee, juice, eggs and oatmeal. They even have an omelet station. And let's not forget, Charlie's is CHEAP. I would stay there again. It's very convenient to be able to check in and out very quickly, unlike the huge hotels with long lines.	
Jul 14 2005	What the hell!!!!!!	Paid $49.99 for a deluxe,completely reurbished suite.Yes - probably 1933!What a dive.Checked out after 6 hours and went to Sunset Station as all others were full -weekend.That was about 2000% better.Give this place a very wide berth - lurking in those carpets and linen are bacteria that Grissom on CSI could spend a lifetime studying.The only place worse than this must be a Turkish prison.Their buffet is worse than the throwaways in the overflowing dumpsters outside.	
Apr 29 2005	Nice off-strip hotel w/Casino close to transportation etc.	We stayed most recently at Arizona Charlie's Boulder in mid-January 2005. The property has standard rooms as well as mini suites. The property underwent a rennovation in 2004 and the rooms are nice, new southwest pastel decor, new furnishings, the bathrooms had tile or marbl-ey type counters.We've stayed in both. The standard rooms are what you'd expect - two beds, bathroom, TV, side chars and table, no coffeemakers or mini fridges. The suites we have stayed in have two rooms, with a door in between, 1 bed in each room, as well as 1 TV in each room. There is only 1 bathroom in the suites we have stayed in.ACB rooms are spread out on the property in 6 or 7 separate buildings. The higher the number of the building, the closer the building is to the casino. There is a pool and spa as well as a guest Laundromat. All of the rooms face open air corridors. It's never been a problem for us, but you need to note that if someone wanted to, they could walk off the street and up to anyone's room door. Again we've never had a problem; there is ample security and a bike patrol.ACB is on Boulder Highway and it lies between Sam's Town and Boulder Station. We've walked to Sam's Town from there, but Boulder looks a little far. There's a 7-11 next to the hotel and a gas station/convenience store across the street as well as a Wells Fargo Branch. A couple of minute's drive in either direction will bring you to various fast food places, drug stores and supermarkets.There is a small casino with a 24-hour Bingo parlor (that's why we go there), a standard 24-hour coffee shop, a buffet that's small but surprisingly good, and a higher-end steakhouse that we've never been to. Sometimes the hotel runs a shuttle service to other properties, ask when you get to the hotel.The staff is so-so, they can be friendly, but they've also been brusque especially at check-in. Cocktail servers, waitstaff, etc. are always nice.All in all, if you want to have a chance to gamble and have a decent room without the crowds, this is the place to be.	
Feb 22 2005	Mixed Feelings	We stayed at this hotel Feb 18-21, 2005 and paid a hefty $60/night. This was, however, the cheapest we could find over a holiday weekend in Vegas. First the good points: We stayed 3 people (1 couple and 1 single) and the room set-up was great. The room has plenty of room for lots of people -- it has 2 rooms a bed in each and a couch. With an air mattress you could easily sleep 6. Beware of the beds, though -- calling htem even a double is being generous.Now the bad -- big time electrical issues!! Every time we turned on the light in the bathroom, we got zapped -- and not just a small zap! Our room only got made up once in 3 days -- despite calls to the front desk and they never did send anyone to fix the electrical issue.If you don't have a car, forget it. This is a good 20 minute drive from the strip with traffic and no shuttle is available. Hated the lunch buffet -- it was terrible. The casino is almost all slots. Not sure if we'll stay there again. Pay the extra money and go somewhere else.	
Jul 17 2004	You Get What You Pay For	We booked Arizona Charlie's because of the special room rate of $29.00. So for that price we were willing to be happy with whatever we got. However, our stay was somewhat disappointing. It would have been okay in an average city, but not for Las Vegas. First of all, potential visitors should know that the rooms are nice enough but they have no amenities. By that I mean, the room we stayed in had no hair blowdryer, about 8 channels on the tv, only two towels, and a noisy air conditioner. We asked for a toothbrush from the front desk and were told we would have to buy one in the gift shop. The bathroom was smaller than average and had a very loud ventilation fan. The rooms are in separate buildings away from the casino so you have a somewhat lenghy walk to get to the casino. (Not that lengthy walks are unusual in Vegas). The casino is relatively small and the odor of cigarrette smoke is quite obvious. (An odor which tainted all of our clothes). There is no shuttle service to or from the airport or strip. The pool is small. They have three beautiful outdoor fountains in an outdoor courtyard but they were sitting dry and idle.We booked our rooms online and did not know until we checked in that there was an additional $2.50/night energy charge AND a $35 deposit (which is returned if you don't incur any additional charges during your stay.) Basically the ONLY reason you should want to even visit Arizona Charlie's East is for the food. The quality and pricing is unmatched anywhere in Vegas!! My advice is to stay somewhere else, but drive over to Charlie's for the meals!	
Apr 28 2004	Way Too Smokey!	When you walk into Arizona Charlie's from the outside, the first thing that greets you is loads of cigarette smoke. Wow! They should have a sign that tells people the upstairs is non-smoking rather than have customers endure the smoke. My clothes &amp; hair reeked of smoke when we left. We also didn't win even a nickel in the slots! I think they need to update their ventilation system and make the slots looser.	
Apr 18 2004	Good Buffet	My husband and I stayed at Sam's Town and asked a guest there where to eat breakfast. He said they always go to Arizona Charlie's. It's cheap and good. He was right. We were quite surprised that the breakfast buffet was only $4.29 and it was good. We went back the next day but was too late for breakfast and the lunch buffet was being served and it was good. The room was full of customers too. The first day a group of 4 waitresses were arguing there in the restaurant but the next day our waitress (not there the day before) was very nice and helpful. The bathrooms on the same floor as the buffet were not clean though.	
Nov 14 2003	Mixed Bag at Arizona Charlies	The room was okay, bed was comfy. The shower was antiquated and hard to get decent water pressure or prolonged heat from it. However, the staff for the hotel and the casino are very friendly and their Sunday Champaigne Brunch at $6.99 was supurb for the money. Overall, good for the price.	
Aug 3 2006 	Arizona Charie's war super		
