Oct 8 2009 	Excellent value off the strip	Very nice hotel if you are looking to stay off the strip. We were there for just one night before our early morning flight so worked fine. Nice included breakfast which is nice.	
Sep 7 2009 	If Just Passing Through: STAY HERE	We were on a canyons tour (which was spectacular by-the-way, and stayed here only one night for an easy trip to the airport. It was great. Comfortable, quiet room with a mini fridge and a micro, easy courteous check-in, and the usual breakfast bar. The bed was very comfortable. Best of all they have a shuttle, and they picked us up at the airport after we returned the rental car and delivered us back in the morning. Also, within easy walking distance were many nice restaurants. We avoided all the crazyiness of the strip - but it's not far away if that's what you're into.	
Aug 9 2009 	Clean nice lobby 	Hotel was clean with a nice and helpful staff. We had to check out of South Point Hotel Casino &amp; Spa for two days during our trip due to them being booked solid, so we chose this Fairfield Inn. I may just be spoiled by the rooms/facility at South Point, but I was pretty disappointed when we came here. The rooms with double beds were very small. The double beds almost seemed as though they were twin beds. The bathroom was very tiny too. There were only one set of elevators that at one point only one was working. I would pay a bit more money to stay somewhere else. The lobby and the breakfast was also nice.	
Jul 5 2009 	Short stop-over	Pre-booked this as we needed a stop-over on the way to California. The hotel was easy to find and had good parking, it is about a mile from the strip and in the temperatures here walking is out, so we were pleased to discover that the hotel has a free shuttle. The shuttle runs on demand to and from the strip, just ring them when you need to return. It runs until 11pm after that a taxi costs abut $9 from the strip.The hotel did NOT inform us about the shuttle on check in, it was only when I asked what was the best way to the strip that I was told about it! Also on the website it says the hotel has a laundry IT DOES NOT you can however use the laundry in the adjacent Mariott free of charge. The pool was small but OK and the brekfast was also typicall of Mariott, nice clean place to stay. Baham Breeze within walking distance	
Jun 30 2009	Even at 5:30 a.m. we were greeted with a smile	We came to Vegas for a basketball tournament with a team of teenage boys and their families. This was the perfect location, as it was just a short drive to show the kids the lights on the Vegas strip at night. To avoid a lot of the Vegas &quot;riff-raff', I recommend a visit to the Circus Circus amusement park and their all-you-can-eat buffet for the kids...they loved it, and didnt have to see all the more &quot;adult-oriented&quot; Vegas sights. Coming back to the Fairfield was comforting as we were always welcomed back with a friendly &quot;hello&quot; by the front desk staff. The rooms were very clean and had just what we needed..nothing fancy. There was always coffee available, and the &quot;egg-sandwiches&quot; and freshly made waffles were a hit with the boys. Early in the mornings another Mom and myself would head out at 5:30 a.m. for a brisk one hour walk to the Strip and back, and we were always greeted with a &quot;Good Morning!!!&quot; and a smile by the front desk staff. I would definitely return!	
Jun 9 2009 	Perfect if you don't need the Strip buzz	We have stayed in Vegas on previous occasions. To be in the centre of things and soak up the whole &quot;Vegas Experience&quot; we recommend staying in one of the large Strip hotels. However, this time we were flying in and leaving next morning for Southern Utah. This was a perfect hotel for us - a few minutes from the Airport car rental place. Large and very clean bedroom and bathroom, comfortable bed, perfectly adequate continental breakfast and efficient desk staff when checking in and out.	
May 12 2009 	very clean	us air had to pay for us a room so they sent us to fairfield inn.i was surprised at how clean this motel was.we were way off the strip. we went to mcdonalds for burgers. the 7-11 for beer.back to the room to (veggie out)watch tv.next thim we come to vegas we will stay here and rent a car.the staff was great but they need to remember everyone dont drink coffee so turn on the juice mach.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Staff and Nice Stay	We stayed only one night as I had a free night on Marriott Rewards. The free shuttle from the airport was perfect and the driver was really accomodating. After checking in, he took us to the Strip for free. The front desk was quick on chekc in and gave us free bottled waters. Great service. The next day they called a cab for us when checking out, a very short wait. Their location is not too bad, there are a couple of smaller casinos close by and restaurants.	
Dec 20 2008	Friendly Front Desk	It was a nice clean hotel with absolutely friendly front desk and hotel personnel. This is one of the few Fairfield Inns that I stayed at that I can really rave about the friendliness of all of the personnel. The only two problems I saw are the water from the sink and bathtub drained very slowly in my room, and the guest computers down in the lobby area had problems loading up files, so one would sit waiting a few minutes for each display to come up.	
Dec 5 2008 	Nice stay off of the strip	This hotel was off the strip, on Paradise Road, and the traffic was much easier to negotiate. We stayed only one night. The hotel and room were very clean and comfortable. The ladies at the front desk were very helpful, and answered all our questions and concerns. Breakfast was good, and it was nice to have some meat items in addition to pastries, etc. We didn't get to use the fitness room, but it was filled with many aerobic machines - treatmills, bikes, etc. The only thing that I noticed that I didn't like was that the jets in the outdoor hottub were not very forceful, and the tub was shallow. Those are small complaints. The stay was nice, and we would stay again at this Fairfield.	
Oct 20 2008 	Loved staying at Fairfield Inn Las Vegas Airport	Stayed at hotel during EMS Expo convention for five days from Duke University Medical Center. Staff was very friendly at desk and always said hello when passing the front desk. Housekeeping staff done an outstanding job in making sure the room was neat and cleaned. The older gentlemen who shuttle me to the convention center and airport was very friendly. He made me feel welcome in Las Vegas. I would stay there again if visiting Las Vegas again.	
Aug 31 2008 	Can't ask for more	As the previous 10 reviews say, it is clean and comfortable and worth more than what you paid for. There is none of that unpleasant cigarette smell as Marriott hotels are smoke free. I love the unlimited free breakfast which has already thinned down at the La Quinta which is in the same category as this hotel. The room may be a bit cramped but it is still OK. The hotel is a bit older compared to the other Fairfield Inn at the other side of I-15.	
Jul 9 2008 	Quiet Clean Close to Strip INCOMPETENT front desk workers!	I liked everything about this hotel except for the front desk staff. The breakfast was delicious and always had a hot special (not just cold cereal and donuts). When I stayed it was apple cinnamon waffles and they were great. The room itself was quite comfortable and clean. The whole stay was very quiet with no loud guests or children in the hallway. There was a pretty, clean pool right outside our window, but nobody was ever swimming in it. The hotel was very close to the strip, but not so close as to be annoying. It was a quick walk across a nice palm-tree lined street. There were also some good restaurants between the hotel and the strip: Bahama Breeze and Cozymels. The shuttle drivers were friendly and prompt, but that was where my happiness with the staff ended.The front desk workers almost made us miss the second half of our trip (which was a bus ride to Los Angeles and two days at Manhattan Beach). We packed our things on our last day, called down to the front desk almost an hour before our bus was set to leave and asked them to call us a cab (believe me, we would have called ourselves, but the hotel staff TOLD us that they prefer it when the hotel themself calls--as they know the proper coordinates to go to, etc). They said they would call them and that we should come down about 10 minutes before we needed to leave to wait for the cab. Well, we came down when they told us to and they hadn't even CALLED the cab yet. They called them THEN when we needed to LEAVE then and they told us to wait outside for them. So we go out in the 100 degree heat and wait...and wait...and wait some more. I went back in three times to ask if they had any info on where the cab was as we waited for FORTY FIVE minutes! When the cab finally arrived we were pretty irate, both with the desk workers and with the cab driver for being so late after the first call, but what really got us was when the bus driver told us that each time we went in to tell the front desk that we were still waiting, they would call the cab company and request ANOTHER cab! Not call and ask them where our cab was. So they were just causing confusion and suspicion at the cab company as we were moving down and down and down the list. The cab driver said that all they needed to do to get them to come straight to us was to SAY that we had a bus to catch and were in a hurry. But did they do that? NO! They just kept calling and making NEW requests for cabs! Not emphasizing the need for the first cab.Basically, the hotel stay was nice, it was LEAVING the hotel that was the problem. If you stay here, just call your own cabs and don't listen to anything the front desk staff says!	
Apr 10 2008 	Great Value good service	This hotel is off-strip, quiet and comfortable. A good place to relax after the hustle and bussle of the major attractions. The hotel was clean and well kept, the staff were friendly and very helpful. The complimentary breakfast, internet access, bus service and local phone calls were an added attraction. Very good value for money, would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 1 2007	Good place to stay	Stayed here for two days while on a little birthday celebration trip. Opted for the Fairfield instead of a Strip hotel because I booked two rooms and wanted my Rewards points for spending the money. The lobby and adjoining breakfast room is nicer than most Fairfield Inns. Although the free breakfast did not have any eggs or bacon, it was very good with a variety of selections and an attendant who constantly insured an ample supply. Food serivce area and tables were very clean.There are two computers with large flat screen monitors and a printer in the breakfast area for free use by guests.The rooms are nicely furnished-a bit nicer and more substantial than mosty Fairfields. Free internet in the room. Room was quiet and comfortable.There is a courtesy van for the Airport and the hotel is 5 minutes from the Strip so if you want the excitement of the Strip and the casinos, it is very close by.Bottom line-if you are looking for a room less costly than the Strip or want the quiet of a non-casino hotel, you can't go wrong staying here. There really was nothing negative.	
Aug 8 2007 	A very nice place to sleep - nice breakfast.	This is NOT a resort. It's a very nice place to sleep with comfortable beds and a very nice breadfast included for what we think is a reasonable price. We had a king room on a Thrusday night for $110, senior rate. Far from the strip? What, were you walking? It's about 4 blocks - drive over to the strip and park in the free parking that all the resorts offer. Easy check in - no lines. Same with check out. Close enough to be convient but away from the noise and crowds of the strip. A very nice breakfast including &quot;do-it-yourself&quot; waffles if you'd like. Its called &quot;airport&quot; because there are 2 Fairfield Inns in Las Vegas and it's the one that's nearest to the airport, but don't let that concern you for one minute. It's NOT that close. It's parallel to the main &quot;going&quot; area of the strip, just about 4 blocks south(?) - I always get my directions mixed up there. It's in a nice area and we think it's a good choice for an overnight stay in Vegas. Fairfield Inns are primarily designed for business travelers, but we often choose them and have usually been very happy.	
Apr 17 2007 	Nice Hotel	Nice hotel but far from the strip. Great staff. So so breakfast. Do yourself a favor and stay on the strip	
Feb 13 2007 	You can do better then this....	The first thing I want to mention is that the Fairfield Inn is a clean, nice place to stay. Ok.That's all the nice things I can say about it. Now here goes. The Fairfield Inn is BORING with a capital B. No restaurants, no bar, no casino, no nothing. The hotel has only 4 floors and has no views. As with most Las Vegas hotels, it has limited TV selections and expensive Pay-per-view offerings. But in the hotel's defense, it does have a daily continental breakfast .(Yawn)I spent 12 days there while working at the Las Vegas Convention Center and I couldn't even get a refrigerator in my room. They kept tellng me that I was first on the list to get the next available one. After 7 days of that, I realized that I was being lied to by the staff. It is very difficult to stay at a hotel for 12 days and not be able to have any snacks or drinks in your room. I can't believe that the Marriott Hotel chain can't afford to add a few more refrigerators to their rooms. To me, this is an absolute neccessity.By the way, this hotel has no King beds. (according to the staff) All rooms come with 2 double beds. Another wierd thing about this hotel is that it is all completely non-smoking. (All Marriott Hotels have gone 100% non-smoking) I don't smoke so that does not bother me so much. What does bother me is the extremes that this hotel goes through to keep people from smoking in their rooms. They went to the extent of screwing shut the windows, disabling the bathroom exhaust fan and the worst thing is that the room door has a gap at the bottom of the door at least 1 and 1/2 inches high. You can see and here anyone that walks past your room. That is bordering on paranoia if you ask me.The Fairfield Inn is not real inexpensive either. The rates are comparable to a lot of the casino hotels that have much more to offer.It's not that I don't recommend this hotel but certainly you can do better for the price. If you are going to Vegas, find a hotel that allows you to have a little fun and won't lie to you.	
Nov 9 2006	Not bad	Clean and comfortable room. Staff was friendly. Nice business center. Typical chain breakfast buffet - nothing to get excited about. A bit pricey for what you get.	
Nov 3 2006	Nice alternative to the strip	Stayed here vs. the strip due to expensive rooms because of a large conference in town. Not far from the strip. Room was very nice, although SMALL. Bathroom was a bit cramped with not much counter space. Smoke-free hotel. Free internet. Adequate parking. Only complaint was no restaurant. If you're unable to stay on the strip, this is a good alternative.	
Sep 25 2006 	Great quite off the Strip	What a nice find in Las Vegas. If you want a quite proptery, off the strip. This is it. The property was small and quite. Nice free breakfast. The bed was amazing, complete with down pillows. The bathroom was very nice with plenty of towels. The room also had free internet. The staff was very nice and friendly. There was also a free shuttle to and from the airport.Will stay here again!	
Jun 30 2006	A refuge!	We spent a night here after our connecting flight home to Denver was cancelled and it was truly a refuge for weary travelers! A $10 cab ride from the airport. The room was plenty big enough for 2 adults and 2 teenagers, comfortable beds, nice and quiet location. The breakfast really impressed us as we are used to continental breakfasts that consist of little more than donuts and coffee. We feasted on the waffles, bagels, cereal, boiled eggs, pastries, Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches, great coffee, and fruit!The free internet station was invaluable to us in our efforts to get home. Just wish we'd had time to visit the Strip. Maybe next time. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 22 2006	A good stay	I stayed at this hotel for two nights over a weekend. It was a good stay. The breakfast was the typical Marriott Fairfiled standard- with cereal, bagels, yogurt, milk, chocolate milk, juices, make your own waffles, and more. The room was nicely sized, and I loved how the bathroom was laid out. The only thing I noticed ws the the TV seemed to have fewer channels than most other Fairfield Inns have-- (ie: no Comedy Cental, but still more channels than most other hotel chains seem to offer). Since I wasn't in Vegas over the weekend to watch TV, it did not bug me at all.The walk to the strip is about a mile each way, which was fine for me since I like to get exercise and it was 74 sunny degress outside during my stay. If you want to spend most of your time on the strip, this hotel is a good choice so long as you aren't planning on doing the walk during the hot summer months (or if you have a rental car anytime).For a cheap lunch, be sure to go to Pennytown @ the Riveria casino. Just about everything is &lt; $1, including foot long hotdogs, giant cookies, cheesecake, etc.We had dinner one night at the Bahama restaurant a few blocks directly South of the hotel, and that was really good.Overall, I would stay here again.	
Mar 28 2006	Great stay exceeded expectations!	I was looking for a hotel near the Strip, but without the astronomical Strip prices. And since Fairfield Inns are marketed as the Marriott for the budget traveler, I was expecting something along the lines of motel-like accommodations and service when I booked my stay at the Fairfield Inn Las Vegas Airport. Fortunately, I was pleasantly surprised by the experience.The lobby area is newly updated with a contemporary feel, next to a divided eating area where breakfast is served. The receptionists were polite and greeted us whenever we passed by the lobby area.The rooms are a bit on the small size, designed for the business traveler rather than a family with kids in tow. Nevertheless, my room was very clean (the most important criteria in my book!) and the rooms make efficient use of space with a wardrobe instead of a closet, a corner sink in the bathroom with cubby holes for towels, and a curved shower curtain rod that gives the impression of more space in the tub. My one complaint about the bathroom is that there are no towel racks since I like to reuse my towels to save water. However, housekeeping replenishes towels daily. Other postings have mentioned a large gap at the bottom of the door that lets noise in. There is indeed a half inch gap, but I was not bothered by any noise at all—it must have been a quiet night.Like the lobby area, the rooms are simply but stylishly redone in warm yellows and greens. The beds were decent to sleep on and feather pillows are provided. And while the beds are made very appealingly using a three-sheet setup, the hotel does not use standard bedspreads-- only a &quot;table-runner&quot; sized bedspread that lies at the foot of the bed. I didn’t quite “get it,” but the hotel was nice about providing an extra blanket when I asked for one.Other nice amenities the rooms provide are coffee, a hairdryer, an iron, and best of all, free wireless internet--all I needed to do was called the receptionist for the access code for the internet. Contrary to the previous posting, I thought that the free continental breakfast was quite good and had a nice selection of items that included danishes, muffins, donuts, French toast, English muffins, Quaker oats, Yoplait yogurt cups, individual sized cereals, hard boiled eggs, fruit, coffee, tea, milk, and several juices. The make-your-own waffle station was easy to use and an especially nice touch. A &quot;breakfast attendant&quot; was also on hand to restock items that were running out and was very helpful. Lastly, that Las Vegas airport is in the name of this hotel is misleading. It's not that close to the airport, but very convenient to the Las Vegas Convention Center and the Strip (by car), which is one of the main reasons I chose it after looking up the location on Mapquest. The hotel is located near the back of the golf course of the new Wynn Resort.Overall, my experience at the Fairfield Inn was a good one. I believe that you get what you pay for at most places, but having stayed at many budget hotels like Best Western, Ramada, and Travelodge, I can honestly say that the Fairfield Inn exceeded my expectations for a budget hotel and I’d definitely consider staying here again in the future.	
Mar 3 2006	DON'T STAY HERE	Stayed here in January, this has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. DO NOT STAY HERE. The staff were UN helpful rued and in polite,The rooms ok put the doors had huge gaps so not only you could here every one walking down corridor but also your neighbors.Breakfast was nothing to be desired, with moldy bagels.Was not impress at all would not stay here again.	
Aug 11 2005 	Exceeded expectations	I was very pleased with this hotel. I'm a total snob, and this place went beyond my expectations. Keeping business hotels under $100 a night is sometimes scary, but I will definitely stay here again. It has just been remodeled, so everything is very clean and the hotel staff were always very nice. The front desk people addressed me by name and the housekeepers were always polite when I saw them in the hallway. The hotel also provides free highspeed internet access in every room and has Wi-Fi in the lobby. Getting cabs is a total pain since it is off the strip (45 minute wait) and the cabdrivers pretty much refuse to reply when dispatchers ask them to leave the strip. They also pretend to be lost all the time in a city the size of a very small town. But if you ask very nicely and are appreciative (I suggest giving a generous tip to get them to do it more than once), the hotel's airport shuttle drivers will take you pretty much anywhere on the strip for free. Much better than the ridiculous cab rates that make NYC rates look dirt cheap. Honestly, even if you give the shuttle driver 10 bucks you'll have spent less than you would &quot;getting lost&quot; in a $20 cab. This hotel and their employees truly went beyond the call of duty to make sure I got to my trade show on time every morning. Highly recommended for business travelers!	
Jul 6 2005	Fine	I stayed here for one night. Paid $80 for a room.Bad: This hotel is not near the Las Vegas Airport, and it is about 1.5 miles from the strip. Impossible to walk there in the Las Vegas heat. Budget for cabs.Good: Clean rooms, new amenities, solid free breakfast, nice staff.There was rennovation work going on at the hotel during my stay, but not near my room. Other guests probably suffered. Once rennovation is complete this disturbance will be moot. I think the Hard Rock hotel is within walking distance, but not too nearby.	
May 1 2005 	Great Convention Hotel	This is a great location if you are attending an event at the Las Vegas Convention Center, which is a 12-minute walk north of the Fairfield. (Also, there is a Monorail stop across from the Convention Center to take you to the strip for $3.00). Clean hotel, friendly staff. Hallway was just finishing renovation - room was already finished. Has ironing board and iron. Rooms with 1 bed have a couch and more room; rooms with 2 beds - no couch. Rate includes high-speed Internet, and buffet breakfast (pour your own batter into waffle iron to make your own waffle). Hourly free trip to/from airport. In April 2004, I paid $129/$98/$169/$169 ($169 was the Special Event Rate because of the Convention - otherwise is the cheaper rates). I will stay here again.Note: If you are looking for a Convention hotel, the Best Western Mardi Gras is also very nice, usually a little cheaper than Fairfield, and is only 5 minutes south of the Convention Center.	
Apr 8 2005 	Great Value Great Location!	After reading the Dec. 2004 review of this hotel, I had to respond. I have stayed at the Fairfield Inn Las Vegas airport at least a dozen times. I travel to Vegas twice a year to attend a trade show and love the location because it is only a fifteen minute walk to the Sands Expo Center. This is a typical Fairfield Inn. It is an economy business hotel. I have always been treated well by the staff and the upkeep of the property is exactly what you would expect from Marriott. The hotel rooms were being updated when I was there, but it appeared they had the entire third floor closed for the rennovation so there was no disturbance in my first floor room. When the rennovation is complete it will make the Fairfield an even greater value. I suspect the individual who wrote the &quot;Just Say No&quot; review just had a bad experience, something that happens even at the best hotels occasionaly. I highly reccomend the Fairfield Inn on Paradise to those who hate casinos as much as I do and want a smaller quieter property off the strip and near the two major convention centers. In closing let me add that my bed came equipped with a nice bedspread, despite what was written by the earlier reviewer.	
Dec 9 2004	Just say no......	I have to tell you, I just returned from the Las Vegas Fairfield, and about all I can say, is that it was one of the worst hotels I have experienced. The floor I was on was under renovation, and had all of the wallpaper pulled down, and smelled of paint or some other chemical. Needless to say, it was dirty due to the construction. My room, was in dire need of renovation and was dirty as well. One of the strangest things was that the hotel did not have any bedspreads on my beds while some of the other rooms did. I inquired about this, and they said that they don't offer bedspreads anymore, only a &quot;3-sheet setup&quot;. My bed had only two sheets and a thin blanket. I have never stayed in a hotel in my life that did not offer a bedspread. I find this unacceptable, especially from a Marriot hotel. I believe that the hotel should have offered a discount due to the disruption and lack of cleanliness from the construction, but when I asked, none was given.	
