	Nice Room	This was my first time staying at Treasure Island and I found the rooms quite nice - the location is not as good as Bally's, but the rooms were nicer. I did have an issue with housekeeping ignoring the Do Not Disturb and knocking on the door anyway - I did have the security latch on but by the time I raced to the door, she had already unlocked it and was pushing up on the security latch. This happened both days..not sure if staff cannot understand the door signs or what the issue was. The 'free' in room safe was nice, updated bedding for an extremely comfortable bed and a plasma television. Check in and check out were on the slow side with only two desk clerks on duty. As has happened in almost every hotel we've stayed at in Vegas, people don't seem to be aware of the resort fees they get charged on check out. This ties up the lines a bit on check out because people spend time questioning these charges that they missed on booking. TIP- Get the room for the lowest price possible and don't bother paying extra for a Strip View - spend that money on a show instead.	
	Nice Hotel with decent price.	I stayed at Treasure Island for 4 days and 3 nights. When we got to the Hotel the smell of flowers and smoke mixed together in the hotel lobby was a bit of a turn off but it wasn't too overwhelming. We check in at about 12noon and spent about 10-15 mins in line. The clerk we had was very nice and told us that the resort fee is optional since we books before it was implemented in October. We opted to take it anyway just in case we wanted to go to the club. The hotel is much small than the others on the strip and it was very easy to navigate to the elevators that never too more than 30 secs to arrive. Our room was located on the 27th floor and we had a view of the Siren Cove. The noise from the show is very loud and can be annoying if your trying to sleep but we were never in the room long enough to be bothered by it. We also never got a chance to see the show so I can't comment on if it's good or bad. The room was very nice, clean and large. The bathroom had a large tub which was big enough to soak in. The bed was very comfortable for me but not for my partner since he doesn't like soft pillows. The only draw back to the room is that it is very dry and there is no fridge to put beverages in. The casino was decent but the smoke smell was way too much for me after awhile but the staff was very friendly and helpful. As far as the restaurants we only ate at the Coffee Shop because we got it for free from gambling in the casino. When we looked at the prices they were out of this world and thank goodness it was for free. We ate at other hotels. If you want cheap breakfast head over the the Denny's across the street near Harrahs. Also, the weather was nice but not nice enough to enjoy the pool. It was pretty empty from what I saw from the lobby. The location was great because we were close to other larger hotels. We were able to get to the Fashion Show Mall through Ti. We were also able to get the Train to the Mirage from inside TI. Walgreens is across the street which is good to pick up little stuff. If you don't mind walking it about a 30 min walk to the other end of the strip where the Luxor is located or you can take the bus. We decided that it's just better to walk because the bus was way too slow for the speed us NYer's walk. The check out was fast and only took 5 mins. All in all we had a good stay at TI and would stay there again if we got it at a good price. Another con was if you want to use the internet in the lobby to print something out you have to pay 5 bucks and then its one dollar per page printed and thats even if you pay for the resort fee.	
	Fabulous location!	TI's location on the strip is unbeatable for the price. So close to the Wynn, Mirage, Venetian plus accross the street from the Fashion Mall and a short walk away from Ross Dress for Less which turned out to be our favourite shopping destination! I very much enjoyed our stay. The beds were so comfortable and the hotel staff were polite and professional. The only downside was the long wait to check in. But as soon as that was done, the rest of the stay went without hiccup. The maid was absolutely lovely, we enjoyed tipping her! Would definitely be back at TI.	
	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at Treasure Island in mid October 2009 for 7 nights and we also got married in the Treasure Island Chapel.The location of this hotel is fantastic, and the hotel is good size unlike some of the massive hotels in Vegas where it takes you so long getting out of your room onto the strip.The rooms are a decent size and a big bathroom and all the amenties stocked up daily.There was a hairdryer, iron and ironing board, a safe in the wardrobe and an ipod docking station.We only ate at one restaurant which was Kahuaville we visited a couple of times and the food was excellent both times.The men also liked Breeze bar a good feel to it and the barman were nice and polite.Only had little gamble but the cocktail waitress service was good. Mainly for breakfast most days we walked over to The wynn , 2 mornings we visited Cafe Pointe terrace highly recommend going there for breakfast.The vibe to Treasure Island was good too unlike some hotels we visited and would highly recommend anyone to stay at this hotel	
	Super Location Solid Hotel except for New Resort Fee	I stayed at TI over Thanksgiving weekend. TI's location is really good, right in the middle of the strip, walking distance to the Wynn, Mirage, Venetian, etc. As stated in other reviews, the smaller size of the hotel, as compared to Bellagio or MGM, is nice because you can walk from the front door to your room in 5 minutes or less. The casino is also less smokey compared to the Wynn or Mirage.The one complaint I had was the wait to check in. There was a long line, which is a first for me after staying at Bellagio, Venetian, MGM, Rio, etc. TI had the worse line. The only other thing that would prevent me from staying here in the future is the $20 mandatory resort fee per day. This is just ridiculous and TI is going to lose a ton of customers. Even Bellagio, MGM, Wynn, Trump, etc., have lower resort fees. Luckily for me, when I booked, they didn't have this.Other than that, the rooms were clean, and the beds were comfy. It was also pretty quiet.	
	Poor 	At check in time (3pm), they had only 2 staff working the front desk - took us 45 minutes to get our room key. They charge a $20 per night MANDATORY resort fee. However, most of the benefits you get from this gouging were not available - the night club was not open (wednesday night), they did not have any newspapers left, the Sirens of TI show was closed for repairs, and they still put internet access on our bill. (They removed this last charge, but only after we pointed it out). They will not give you a break on this resort fee, even if they do not provide the services it promises. We did not feel like we were staying at a hotel that wanted our business, only our money.On the plus side, Mystere was fantastic.	
	Clean reasonable place	For those on a relative budget but need a clean, comfortable place with good amenities and centrally placed in the strip, this is the place. Their Deluxe room is nothing fancy, has modern decor, a basic bathroom, and is not large but fine for the price. The view from most rooms is great, we had one of the strip. Our bathroom didn't have a bathmat which was annoying (but placed later), the receptionist is polite and pleasant, the casino is of medium size, the hotel is clean, we did not eat at the hotel. You get free internet (included in resort fees), but do note that although free access to the club is included, the Christian Audigier club is closed most weekdays, opens Thu.The cleaning staff do not do a great job at cleaning, the lamps were dusty all throughout our stay. The bed is comfortable, pillows are alright, the mattress could have been softer and more plush.Clean, basic and affordable.	
	Very bad service aging rooms? and poor customer service	Please do yourself a favor and do not stay at this hotel! Stayed at hotel for one week over thanksgiving, spending almost a $1,000. Very bad service. Housekeeping did not clean the room for 3 days in a row even after repeatedly asking for it. Shower handle brook off on hotel took over an hour to fix it and would not provide another room to take a shower in which made us late for our thanksgiving plans. Every time we called the front desk they said someone would be up within 5 minutes, which was lies. Repeatedly asked for another room to take a shower in and was denied. When called front desk and room service they lied and said they did clean the room.The only positive of the hotel is its good location and their show Mystere. Would highly recommend people to not stay here. Every time complained to front desk, they were rude and dismissive and did not care that they did not meet our expectations.	
	Great location terrible service	Just got back from a ladies getaway, Nov. 22-25th, 2009.The hotel is terrible for it's service, it took 30 min to check in and despite having emailed them and called them 3 times prior to our arrival, they did not take care of my special requests (flower arrangement for my mom's 70th birthday, adjoining room with family, champagne glasses). Every time we called down for something, they put us on hold for 10 min. In a city that is all about service, TI is a huge disappointment.The Sirens of TI show was also canceled Nov. 22nd (our arrival date) until Dec. 25th. Funny, there's no mention of this on their website... The spa is also under renovation, talk about a complete let down!The only redeeming feature of this hotel is it's location and the coffee shop, we had a bad experience at the Steak House, where they screwed up our order but didn't bother to tell us until we enquired as to why other people were being served before us.We saw Mystere while we were there, the show was great. The only problem is getting in and out of that theatre, it's a nightmare, definitely get there early, and hopefully they don't ever have a fire, because there only seems to be one way in/out.If you just need a place to sleep, TI is fine, but if you're looking for a special getaway, definitely stay somewhere else!	
Nov 23 2009 	Loved It!!	We absolutley loved TI! We stayed there for 4 nights and would highly reccommend it to anyone who wants great accomodation in a fantastic location. We loved Kahunaville and the Sirens of TI was worth watching more than once. The staff were fantastic and always very willing to accomodate us, even when we wanted to chek in early and check out late. Loved it!	
Nov 22 2009 	Great hotel - great location	Easy check in - room very clean and roomy. We were there for 3 nights for our anniversary. Bed was extremely comfortable (I think it was a pillowtop mattress). Bit of advise for 1st timers - don't upgrade your room to a &quot;strip view&quot; unless you are going to stay in your room and look out the window. Save that additional money for a restaurant or a show. You'll see plenty of the strip when you are walking. This was our 5th trip to Vegas and we upgraded once - wasn't worth it. Treasure Island is a great strip location - tram from TI to Mirage, cross the street to Harrah's for the monorail. Signed up for the TI Player's Card on arrival and earned enough points to get a comped buffet breakfast - food was very good and plenty of it. Coffee and danish service at the bar in the morning - no need to find a Starbucks. Would definately stay here again	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent!	This hotel was clean, comfortable, and a value for the money. There was a free safe in the room, the linens were nice, and the common areas were beautiful. The only complaint is that there were no coffee makers in the rooms. When we called the desk to inquire, we were told that it was because they were a fire hazard. This is not a valid excuse though, because there was a hair dryer and an iron in the room, which are both more of a fire hazard than a coffee maker. In a city like Las Vegas, the coffee maker is VERY important! Otherwise, we were delighted with this hotel. (The options for coffee were $5 starbucks or $2.50 from the bar)	
Nov 20 2009 	We had a great time.	We had a great time, but food price.(--)	
Nov 20 2009 	What a great hotel!	My wife and I sent last week in TI on the Las Vegas strip. What a great hotel! We arrived after travelling for 18 hours. Being a sunday my wife decided to ask if there were any upgrades available. With no fuss the girl at reception immediately upgraded us to a strip view room, a view which was incredible at night when Vegas lights up! The room itself was a very good size for a basic room. I know everyone says it but the beds in TI are the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever come across! The hotel itself is a perfect size. It is big without being a sprawling maze like other huge resorts on the strip. The choice of food in the hotel is excellent. Italian, vietnamese, pan-asian, a good buffet, simple american in the coffee shop and the excellent steak house! Add starbucks and a great bar in the Breeze Bar and your needs are well covered.It's location on the strip is perfect for walking to nearly all the strip resorts but for trips to the far end of the strip the monorail is only a five minute walk away with a station at Harrahs/Imperial Palace. Las Vegas Premium Outlets provided a great days shopping at fabulous prices for branded clothes, particularly for men.The highlight of the trip was a driving experience at the Las Vegas speedway with the Mario Andretti driving experience. I highly recommend this to anyone. 146mph in a rev limited indy car is quite the thrill!	
Nov 19 2009 	OUT OF THIS WORLD GREAT WAY TO GET AWAY !!	I love to escape ,I don't gamble ,but Vegas is like going to another world bright lively while you are there you do not have time to think about anything else .Great place to escape to !	
Nov 18 2009 	Enjoyed great location good value nice room.	My husband and I just returned from a four night stay at TI. I was very pleased with the location of TI. Easy to get to most places, very central location. Nice value for the $129 room. Very updated room, contemporary decor. THE most comfortable bed, so soft a cozy. The staff was efficient at check in. There was a staff member monitoring the elevator at night so that no one was allowed upstairs in hallways without a room key. Our halls were so very nice and quiet, no extra hall traffic.The sports room was great when we wanted to watch the college football game.The Breeze Bar was a nice place to relax at the end of the day. The Kahoonaville Bar was lively, great bar service, not my favorite music.There was a handy Starbucks in the lobby, YEAH! We ate at the buffett one morning, it was very nice. $14 for a wonderful selection. Made to order omelets, pastries, salmon &amp; bagels, lots more. Too much food to eat every day, but we certainly enjoyed it. Casino was very nice. My husband and friends gambled, I had more fun shopping. Oh, the Fashion Mall is right next door. Very handy with emormous selection of shops.Overall, a great stay. No complaints. I did request extra towels from a staff member in the hall and towels arrived right away. So, enjoy the TI! We did. Off the strip, we booked a hike of Red Rock Canyon Conservation Area. It was my favorite day of the trip! Check out my review, if you want an outdoor adventure, I recommend a hike with Neil Soberson and Hike This!	
Nov 18 2009 	fantastic hotel and trip	have just returned from a five night stay and TI. Hotel is excellent and cannot fault it in anyway. Arrived at 9:30pm on Wednesday night and checked in right away, Staff were very friendly and helpul. Our room was on the 32nd floor and had fantastic views of the strip. Looked onto the Mirage hotel so had great views of the volcano erruption and also of the dancing fountains at the Bellagio. Hired a car and done trips out to Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and Red Rock Canyon. Eat in three of the restuarants in the hotel. Food was off good quality and not over priced (by Las Vegas standards). Would recommend hotel and would certainly go back.	
Nov 17 2009 	Treasure Island decent hotel modern 	Good hotel, one of the larger hotels, great location, we had a great view of the strip [ask for it though], Bellagio Hotel is nearby. Decent sized room w/good television &amp; channels. Check in took over half an hour in long queue, probably a hazard of the mammoth size of hotel. Pillows were high &amp; 'puffy' &amp; they had no other type so my poor neck was a bit stretched. Presumably like many others, you come straight out of the elevators into the gaming area so if you're not a smoker, move quickly, the smell sets in pretty quickly [even picked up whiff of smoke in hallways around our room]. Also very cold in hotel's general airconditioning, takes a while to adjust your own room's setting.	
Nov 17 2009 	Best hotel around for the price	I love TI! I have stayed at Treasure island before the upgrade a LONG time ago when it was more family oriented and now its totally redone. Its great for 21-35 i would say depending how you want to roll in LV. Flat screens in the bathroom, a lot of mirrors and lots of room in the bathroom, which is essential for a girls weekend in LV. Tangerine was fun and overall the hotel is just great.	
Nov 17 2009 	Wonderful Visit	We stayed at TI for the 2008 NASCAR race. The rooms were great, clean and comfortable. The beds were awesome and the view was wonderful. The security was good also.	
Nov 15 2009 	Good Value and Location	The location was great, good quick eats next door at the Fashion Show MAll. The Greek place with the Gyros was a grea lunch.The beds were comfy (standard 2 queen room) and the shower was large and spacious.The only think lacking was the cocktail servers (who may be indepentdent through a union as I was told). They were SLOW. I would order a water and wait for 20-25 minutes to get it (and yes, I was even tipping for water). One time I waited a half hour at same machine and she never returned! The location to the Mirage and tram was great. Kauhunaville had great food. Ate there twice. We also liked the size of the hotel was easy to navigate but not to big. We went across to the Venitian which was beautiful but so busy and hectic I felt stressed. Overall I would definitley stay again. Hope to go back soon.	
Nov 14 2009 	Out of date!	This hotel is one of the least Glitzy on the strip, Centrally located but no where near as glam as The Venetian just accross the road, The point being that if your going to pay top dollar for a room, choose a hotel with a lot more appeal. downstairs in the casino area it seems to have all the same type of eateries and bars etc that you would expect , although i couldnt find say a starbucks for a simple coffee. i did eat twice in the Buffet section and although there is a wide selection of different dishes to choose from, i think Cardboard Boxes have more taste. All the staff seem to be Mexican and i was wondering if Spanish was becoming Americas Official language.The Room was Comfortable and clean, although it makes me laugh when i see signs in bathrooms and bedrooms extorting that the hotel is water consious and only washes sheets and towels on request or every third day or whatever. upon getting out of the taxi the door man lifted on bag out of the boot of the car, Wrote me a ticket to have the bag sent up to my room. and then Proceeded to tell me &quot; I am not the Person who will bring the bag to your Room&quot; I know he wanted a tip but i hate it when its thrust in your face, i thanked him to which he Responded again &quot; Sir just so you understand, I am not the Person who will bring the bag to your room&quot;. I left him standing there. Not a hotel i would race back Too..	
Nov 14 2009	TI Met All Our Needs	We have just spent 4 nights at TI in Vegas. The hotel rooms and pool area have all been renovated and the spa will reopen after its major renwal in Dec. 2009. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. An easy walk to awesome shopping, the most popular shows in Vegas and a very safe area of the strip. The breakfast buffet is AMAZING and will cost you $14.00. The evening signature show Sirens of TI is a lot of flash and bam and for free, it is good. Lots of cabs availible at all times of the day and night without the wait time of several other hotels that are neighbouring.	
Nov 13 2009 	The quiet horse	We loved this hotel! When I booked it it was for the location and the price and expectations were not too high as there are grander hotels along the strip. However, we have the best view of the strip from our room, the buffett was one of the best we had (price not bad either), and the hotel felt more intimate the the others in Vegas. The other hotels are fantastic to look around but we were always happy to come back to T.I.	
Nov 12 2009 	great location with everything you might need	Treasure Island is perfectly located in the centre of the strip between the Wynn and Bellagio and right next door to the shoping mall.The room was spacious with every thing you would need.We checked in on a Tuesday, about 3 pm and went straight to the desk with no wait.We were given a strip view room on the 21st floor at no extra cost.On the last visit we stayed at the Venetian, TI is not as luxurious but not nearly as expensive pound for pound i thought TI was the better value.After all you dont go to Las Vegas to stay in your room,so i would not hesitate to book again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent hotel superb location	TI is perfectly located at the centre of the strip between Wynn and Bellagio. The hotel itself has very comfortable rooms that are well furnished and decorated. Better than other LV hotels which have more dated rooms. The size of the hotel is well judged as it is easy to get to know the casino and restaurants. Casino staff are very helpful particularly when explaining card games you may not have paid before. The check in can take time but that is the same as many other LV hotels due to their sheer size. Smoking is common across LV casinos, so TI is not different on that front. Canters is a good snack bar with excellent hot dogs ! Stay at TI and you will not be disappointed, book in !! The resort is fair and other LV hotels have gone down this route.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great Choice!	This was our first time to Vegas and we loved TI! It was in a great location on strip across from the Venetian and connected via tram to the Mirage. There was a Dennys across the street where we ate breakfast every morning. The pool bar was good for snacks and drinks. TI was smaller and easier to navagate than some of the mega hotels. The rooms were nice and modern and very clean. We got upgraded to a strip view room which was awesome. We could see all the way down to Paris! We also rented a car and drove to the Hoover Dam about a 45 minute drive from the hotel. we didn't do a tour we just walked around. The price was right and we would definatley stay again if we go back.	
Nov 11 2009 	There's positives and negitives	Lovely rooms that are new, clean and comfortable. Facilities and staff were also good.Gambling floor wasn't exciting and we gambled elsewhere.Location is at the top of the strip so it is a long walk to some of the other casinos.Probably a good casino if staying with family.	
Nov 11 2009 	Never again!	What a disappointing trip! We arrived around midnight Saturday morning after traveling from the east coast and had to wait in line over an hour. We then realized the problem, they were completely out of rooms. We had called prior to the trip to let them know of our late arrival, I guess it didn't matter. The hotel staff was rude and barely apologized. We were then shuffled over to Trump's hotel (very nice but no casino). The rest of the trip was great, no thanks to TI. It is impossible to get a drink in their sports book but very easy at the tables. The Coffee Shop was extremely slow and the food was adequate. We could not get over the rude service we received the entire trip. Even most of the dealers were unfriendly. This was our second trip to TI and definitely our last!	
Nov 10 2009 	Would never stay at TI again!	First of all we had to wait 40 min. in line to check in. Casino ceiling is low making it a lot smokier than other casinos. Complimentary drinks in casino not drinkable were horrible that is when you could get a waitress to walk by. Room ~ while blow drying my hair upside down I noticed vomit from the previous guests on the toilet with hair stuck to it. Mystere box office then charged us additional $ on our bill when our tickets were included in our room price. CHECK your BILL! Listen folks for the same price minus the Mystere tickets we could have stayed at the Bellagio! I will never again sacrifice my experiences at the Bellagio just for free tickets at the TI. I have already told my friends not to stay at TI	
Nov 6 2009 	Second Time Around	My wife and I stayed at TI for the first time in May so we brought her parents out for this trip and decided to try TI again. The experience was much like our first visit. Quick and easy check-in, clean, comfortable rooms, friendly staff, and WAY overpriced food (coffee shop, buffet and Isla). This is a great hotel for price, location, amenities, and staff. We would stay here again.	
Nov 6 2009 	We loved that TI was in the center of the strip!	We had a great experience staying at Treasure Island and would definitely stay there again. Besides being a great hotel and a nice casino we liked it that there were so many things to see and do within an easy walking distance.	
Nov 5 2009 	Another great experience	Spent three nights at TI and it was another great experience. The room was nice, and it has one of the best mattresses ever!	
Nov 5 2009 	what a experince	totally different to the rest of the world you must go to las vegas before you leave this planet	
Nov 4 2009 	Oct Stay w/hidden fees	I booked a room in September for Oct 30-Nov 3. I was not told that there would be a $20 per night charge, as they didn't implement it until Oct 1st, and didn't exist when I booked the room. I did find out about it via TA , and called TI before our arrival. Reservation at TI assured me that we wouldn't be charged. At check in nothing was mentioned, but upon checkout I was told I owed $80 in resort fees + the room and tax! After discussing this with the font desk agent, and then her supervisor who was rather frigid. I had to threaten to take this further before they actually were willing to reverse the charges. I didn't like the fact that the management wasn't upfront regarding the fee's. I will not be staying here again. Clearly the change of ownership at TI hasn't been for the best. There are much better hotels in the area for the same price as TI now that they charge the resort fee.	
Nov 4 2009 	Awesome value great service perfect location - First Class!	I read a lot of reviews of hotels on the strip before deciding on TI. It seemed like the best deal for the location and amenities. But we were SO PLEASED AND IMPRESSED with this hotel! We recieved 5-star service and quality for what turned out to be a great price.The location is perfect, right across the street from Venetian and Wynn, and just a brief walk from Mirage, Bellagio and all the rest of central strip. Walgreens conveniently located across the street was huge. Our room was beautiful, super comfortable beds, a fantastic view of the strip.The pool was clean and well-maintained (not always the case with other hotels) and offered great waitress service. The food options - especially the buffet - were delicious, and very reasonably priced.The Audigier nightclub was a lot of fun. Not too big, not too small, an outdoor patio to chill on between dancing in the club. We got free cover for being hotel guests and the DJ and dancers were great. Even the bartenders were friendly and poured great drinks..But I just want to say -- the service was impeccable, from check-in staff, to bellhops, to the great buffet service and especially the dealers at the card tables.. Everyone who worked there made us feel so important, and that's what really made this such a great trip. TI, you guys were awesome. Thanks for helping us have an unforgettable trip. My girlfriend and I look forward to going back!	
Nov 4 2009 	Annual trip to VEGAS	This was our 6th visit to TI. Stayed from Oct 12-16. We are Players Club Members and had an offer for 3 free nights 250$ Free Play and 75$ food and bev credit that expired September 30th. I booked for 4 nights at the on line rate but decided to contact Rosemarie, my Executive Slot Host from last year about another matter and she happily offered us the same deal that expired in September. I should have contacted her first and will remember for next year. I have always enjoyed this hotel because of size, location, and generally the staff are great.  We received a standard room on the higher floors and needed to use our room key to operate the elevators ROOMThe room was clean and I am glad we are earlier risers because the maid was at the door by 8ish every morning!!!!. The beds are amazing and comfortable. Internet access is available for a daily charge. Since no fridge in room we improvised and used the garbage can and filled with ice and purchased drinks and snacks across the street at Walgreens and could by alcohol at the Fashion Show Maill at the ABC Store. Eventhough the rooms have been updated I found the bathroom was looking a bit worn. There were chips and scratches all over the vanity. But it was clean and that is what counts.CASINOI am a total slot girl and found some new and fun machines to play but I find there are more diverse machines at other casinos we visited that included the Mirage and New York New York this year. POOLFinally visited the pool and everyone is right....it is small. Plus the water is kinda scummy like a vat of sun screen was thrown into it.We went early around 10 and found a good spot. The sun beds are jam packed together and hard to find a spot in the sun so we did some rearranging to take advantage of as much sun as possible. Ordered drinks from Kahunaville bar. 2 drinks with double shots came to 40$$$$$. But you can keep the tacky plastic test tube glass and smaller testtubes that hold your liquor of choice. Gummy worm is optional!!!!.SPAwas closed this year so no annual massage.Cirque du Soleil LOVEPurchased tickets on line and took advantage of the buy one reg price and recieve 2nd for only 25$. The show was out of this world. My head was spinning with all the activity going on. I have only been to one other Cirque show and this one did not have as much acrobatics but I love the Beatles and the music and visuals were enough for me.We were offered tickets to Mystere one night but we were out when we received the phone call and invitation so did not get a chance to see it.SHOPPINGwe usually go down to LV in December and find great deals at the outlet malls. This year I was disappointed and did not find too many bargains. HOOVER DAMThis year met up with my cousins and they had a car so we drove to Hoover Dam to look around. I think anyone who goes to Vegas should at least do this once. It is an amazing sight. and only a 45 min drive away. It was a nice drive thru the desert and get out of the city for a few hours.We are already planning for next year and hope to have more people join us.	
Nov 4 2009 	Defo would stay here again ...	Myself and 6 friends stayed in TI in mid-October for 3 nights. Upon arrival (Thursday 9pm-ish) myself and my room-mate tried the $20 Trick to see about a complinmentary upgrade - this worked brilliantly and we got a room on the 28th floor with the most amazing of Strip views! Any pictures i took did not do this view justice, it really was superb! We also got a bottle of champagne sent to our room (upon request)!! The rooms were absolutely fantastic, with extremely comfortable and soft beds. The TVs are flat screen and set up for HD programming. The room was very clean and the room service always did an excellent job. The bathroom area was also nicely set out. The pool was nice as well, if a touch on the small side. After staying in other hotels in Vegas, i prefered the size of TI as (although still a BIG hotel), everything is quite close and its not like you are going to get lost at any point. I would have absolutely no hesitation in staying here again, and certainly i will be recommending it to people who enquire about Vegas hotels.	
Nov 4 2009	Treasure Island Better Than Expected	Took a group of 20+ to Las Vegas early October. Stayed at TI. Upgraded to an 830 sq ft Executive Suite. Everything was wonderful. Room service quality was good and prices were less than expected. Canter's Deli (in the hotel) was great. Was a bit concerned as I had heard that TI was no longer a part of MGM / Mirage. TI is still a part of the MGM / Mirage Players Club. Lots of destinations within walking distance. Fashion Show Mall, Wynn / Encore, Venetian / Palazzo, Mirage, Caesars, etc.	
Nov 3 2009 	The most comfortable beds EVER	I was both nicely surprised and disappointed with TI. I thought the whole downstair /casino area was dimly lit which made it seem old and tired. Also disappointed with the nightly 'Sirens of TI' show which just had a load of scantily clad dancers miming. Nicest surprise was the room which was very clean and the beds and pillows were the comfiest I have ever slept in. The bathroom was also big and roomy with a big tub for nice long relaxing soaks after a long day walking. There's a walkway to the Fashion Show Mall which has MACY. We found quite a lot of bargains here and my daughter bought a couple of beautiful cocktails type dresses for young teen discounted from $69 to $12 for one and $24 for the other. She also got a pair of Apple bottom jeans rduced from $69 to $47. On the other side of the hotel is a free tram to the Mirage which runs about every 5 minutes.We only tried the breakfast buffet but nothing spectacular to write about. We ate at the coffee shop a couple of times. Staff was very courteous and friendly and the food was good with large portions. My daughter said their ceasar salad was one of the best. However, disapointed that when we went ther after seeing the Cirque du Soleil show found out that they had a different reduced and more expensive menu obviously aimed at the all night gamblers.Overall a good hotel in a good location opposite the Palazzo and Venetian and great views down the strip	
Nov 3 2009 	This hotel is a rip off	As mentioned byprevious travellers, when you check in there is no mention of a RESORT FEE. I asked the checkin staff for complimentary internet to which the reply was 'no there isnt any but you can have access for $15 per 24 hours. In the rooms there are flyers next to the internet connection that stipulate this cost. We were there for two days and did not use the internet, did not go to the nightclub and did not receive any newspapers.Upon checkout we were advised that we owed the hotel $20 plus tax per day for a &quot;RESORT FEE&quot; when I asked what did we get for this fee we were told that it was for internet access, free nightclub access and daily newspapers - all complimentary - NOT.I requested to see a front of house manager. Whilst waiting for this person to arrive I noted a staff member checking in a new guest, well guess what he forgot to mention or explain the &quot;RESORT FEE&quot; and what you can expect for it.When the manager did finally arrive she knew fully well what the problem was about as she had encounted this before, she explained that this had been in place scince the new owners took over on October 1, and that we should have been told about it by the checkin staff. When I raised the fact that a new guest had just been checked in less than 5 minutes beforehand and was never advised all she could do was blush and say sorry - BUT the charge still stood.All in all this place is a MASSIVE RIP OFFFFFFFFFFFFFF. WATCH OUT.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.	
Nov 3 2009 	Brill hotel	Great value breakfast buffets with loads of choice. The rooms and bathrooms are lovely and clean - and the beds are the most comfortable I've ever slept in! Nice pool area though not huge. Overall a great place to stay	
Nov 3 2009 	Great hotel fun and good location on the strip	We stayed here for 4 nights and enjoyed every minute of it. Check in and check out were fast and the staff were friendly. We stayed in a strip view room which was great. Comfy bed, good views and a good size room too. Quiet rooms, well maintianed. Internet available but not free. No fridge so if you have a family and are wanting to store some breakfast items or snacks etc than this isn't the hotel for you. Room was clean and we got daily maid service. The hotel itself has lots of eateries and bars. We ate at the pizzeria which was my favourite, kahunaville which was fun with bar staff juggling cocktail glasses etc, and the coffee shop for breakfast which was good. Staff were all really good, service was prompt and the prices weren't too bad either. Went to Mist bar and the nightclub too. We saw Mystere, which I can't recommend highly enough. It was amazing. We had great seats too and if you are in the military you get your tickets half price. My husband loved the show too, it's got comedy and amazing acrobatics so is good for men who don't normally like shows ;) Fabulous show.The location of this hotel on the strip is good. You can get the free tram to the Mirage, there's a bus stop pretty close for the Deuce (highly recommend getting day passes for this to save your poor feet from too much walking or if you are wearing heels out at night!). It's right next to the fashion show mall which has awesome shopping. If you are an international visitor you can get a discount card from Macy's which makes the bargains even better. They also have fashion parades daily. TI is near the Venetian which is my favourite hotel. I also recommend Toby Keith's bar and grill at Harrahs for good entertainment. Also at Harrah's we watched dueling piano's with 2 blonde twins. They were awesome, had such a good time there. Bellagio is a must see for it's artwork and displays inside the casino and also the fountains outside set to music. The patisserie inside Bellagio is also one of my favourites.For more shopping I highly recommend the Las Vegas Premium Outlets, it cost us about $15 each way for a taxi but I think you might be able to get a bus there somehow. Excellent bargains, we bought heaps of things.We also saw the SIrens of TI show, free to the public. If you are a hotel guest you can get front row viewing on the platform. It was entertaining, not bad for a free show.Overall a great time had here, would recommend this hotel, was good value for money and good location.	
Nov 1 2009 	Best hotel ever if you can afford it!	This was the most comfortable, cleanest hotel I've ever seen- and I've traveled the world. We went for our honeymoon for 6 nights/ 7 days. We spent about 150-300 per night on the jacuzzi suite (wedding money!) and it was worth it. We ordered delicious room service- spent alot of time in the room because it was SO comfortable. They gave us a bottle of wine. Check in was ok, but they didn't have our room ready until 4:30 because we had requested a high floor to be away from noise. The TI show was ok, but basically dancing girls in bikini's which was kind of wierd for kids to be watching. Looked like a bikini bar to me. We did the time share thing and it said it would take 2 hours, it was 3.5, but in the end we got free VERY good seats to Mystere- which was awesome in so many ways. There were acrobat moves and pole tricks, stories, just amazing. We would pay to see that again. We went to Kahunaville about 4 times- the food was decent, but the bartenders do that bottle flipping show. We didn't gamble much on this trip because we spent our $ going out to dinner at the Paris, room service and booze! Only thing about TI is it's far from the other side of the strip and cab drivers try to charge alot. I went to the spa and got a wrap- it was a little expensive for what it was and the sauna wasn't hot enough for me. So I went to the HIlton Spa to try that out and it was awesome and cheap. My husband actually won $150 at the wheel of fortune slots at the Hilton while I was at the spa.TI is great and I can't wait to save the $ to stay in one of those beds again. The suite was huge, 2 bathrooms, robes, the whole thing. Very cozy and romantic. We bought drinks for our fridge- I think they charge for it though, always have to ask because some places are ridiculous and weighted- so be careful!	
Oct 31 2009 	Free Parking Doesn't Compensate for Undisclosed Resort Fees	$20/day resort fees were never disclosed yet charged upon check out. That's poor business practice. Parking is free however. Located on north end of Strip with easy access to other casinos and show venues. TI standard rooms are pretty nice, surprisingly quite, and we had a great view of the pool and strip. No coffee maker in room. Casino is very smokey compared to others - enough to make my eyes sting and water with each passing through. The &quot;fitness center&quot; was a converted closet with a tread mill, eliptical, and too many dumb bells. Staff friendly but prone to pass the buck. Sirens of TI is an over produced, lip synched, mayhem hardly worth your time. Go for the clean, comfortable rooms but take along a hot pot and instant cooffee. See Mystere. And don't forget to plan for the extra $20/day.	
Oct 31 2009 	unfair business practice!	A great location and new rooms give this place no excuse for bad business practice. We got in on a Friday afternoon and checked in. After meeting up with friends and family we decided to grab something to eat from the cafe. Poor choice, the food was so bad we decided it wasn't even worth going back for breakfast. It's certainly a bummer when you can't take a hotel that charges over $200 a night up on it's dining options. That's manageable. On Saturday night after the wedding (where we had drank premium tequila) we went back to the breeze bar to wait for everyone to meet up again. While waiting we ordered a few shots of premium tequila and was served nothing short of jet fuel. It pretty much damaged my esophagus. After paying for the first round of about 8 shots the bride and groom arrived and two more were ordered for them (after I made a comment). The bride didn't want hers so we all tried and deciphered it was yes indeed, premium tequila. After talking about my displeasure about my experience, a guy that met up with us said the same thing had happened to him the night before. They ordered premium tequila and weren't served what they were asked for. Having been a server and bartender before, I'm no fool to what restaurants are willing to do to cut costs, not because I've participated but because I've ran the circut and have heard stories. The waitress told us it was poured from the premium tequila bottle, but I guess that's what funnels are for!	
Oct 30 2009 	Great place central location	TI is a perfect location, on the strip and in the middle of the strip! The hotel is a great value for Vegas.	
Oct 30 2009 	All in all pretty good for a first Vegas experience.... no complaints	Like many others I read all the Tripadvisor reviews and selected TI based on them..... this is a good Vegas hotel in my opinion - I asked the travel agent for mid-price, mid-madness level, good position and it was exactly that. VERY comfy room on 33rd floor, good quick check-in despite a queue. Reasonably good staff. Fab buffet like a lot of the Vegas hotels, pool area not very big and quite crowded but I hadn't gone for that. GREAT position on the Strip, but be warned - the Fashion Show Mall its near ain't no High Street, we're talking Prada, DKNY, Cartier, Chanel etc etc. More reasonable shopping at outlet malls within a taxi ride nearby. Shows also all v expensive but if you are a Vegas fan, this hotel will not disappoint.	
Oct 29 2009 	well located hotel at a good price	2nd time to las vegas. 1st time we stayed at the beautiful expensive bellagio which had rooms like TI. So we stayed at TI and walked to visit the beautiful hotels nearby - voila !brought my coffee maker since i love coffee while getting ready in the am. i liked this hotel because i never got lost like at the venetian, bellagio, pallazzo, etc.. we did love, mystere, bronx tale, premium malls, valley of fire, red rock canyon, shopping at fashion mall, walking the strip and visiting hotels. 3 nights of fun fun fun. what more do you want ?oh, buy the 50 percent off tickets at fashion mall for same day shows.internet is 15 dollars per day. fitness room is xtra.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Hotel for the Price and Location	We stayed at the Treasure Island hotel for our first trip out to Las Vegas. We checked several different hotels in the area but decided to stay and give Treasure Island a try. We booked a Junior Deluxe Suite for our room and arrived on a Thursday afternoon for our 4 day weekend. We were immediately greeted by the staff who were very kind. They held the door for us and helped us with the luggage. The hotel is very nice and was very clean. As with most hotels on the strip, the lobby floor has a casino which there is a lot of smoking but once you get out of that area the hotel is very nice and smells fresh. We got to our room and were very pleasantly surprised. Our room was huge and amazing. We had two bathrooms and a very large bed and sitting area. The view unfortunately wasn't of the strip but we did have a nice view of the city and the surrounding mountains. The location on the strip is fairly decent with most of your big attractions (bellagio fountains, eiffel tower, etc) being only a short walk away. We also saw the Cirque De Solei Mystere at the hotel which was a great show. They also have a pirate show with the ship out front which we missed but heard others complimenting. Overall, this hotel was definately worth the money we spent. The rooms were great and very comfortable. If you plan on renting a car, I would avoid renting it at the hotel itself as it is much more expensive. Also, try to eat within the area as a cab is very expensive. We learned the hard way as the fare was over $7 before we even got off the hotel property. Another tip for anyone who doesn't really gamble, take day trips out to places like Hoover Dam or Red Rock Canyon. It is close enough to the city but still far away enough that you don't have the crowds. Las Vegas is definately a vibrant city that never sleeps so make the best out of your stay. One last tip: eat at the Bellagio Buffet, its the best!	
Oct 29 2009 	Nice renovated rooms.	We stayed at TI for 3 nights and was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are clean and modern, nicely renovated. We got free voucher along with our package for free starbucks which is a bonus. Beds were comfortable after a long day of walking on the strip. It is close to Fashion show mall for shopping.The cons were the fact that after house keeping, they forgot to replace our towels which meant that we did not have any towels to shower. When we called housekeeping, they said that they won't be able to provide towels till 3 hours after. Another downside is the long lineup when checking in. I would still recommend staying at TI as it is worth the amount that you pay. Comparing to the price you pay for pricier hotels, TI is cheaper.	
Oct 28 2009 	We had an exellent experience.	Last Feb. was our first trip to Vegas and we had no idea what to expect. I told the wife and the others we travelled with that this probably would be more of a learning experience and we probably would wish we hadn't done some things and that there would be some other attrations we would miss and wish we could have taken them in. We began to ask questions to friends who had been there before and asked where they would recommend to stay or not to stay. We also visited our local travel agency and questioned them also. Our travel agency recommended TI. Also a doctor we know told us he has visited Vegas several times and his favorite place to stay was TI for several reasons. We decided to go with the flow and we booked our stay at TI. What we were told was exactly what we found. The location was exellent on the strip. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. I really was impressed that they have a small safe in each room for your use. It also seemed to me that TI had a lot quieter casinos and a very friendly staff . Some restaurants were more expensive than others but we quickly learned that there is something available at TI or nearby for everyones budget. The location is perfect on the strip and if you want to travel the &quot;DUECE&quot; bus stop was directly in front and would take you downtown or most any other place you may want to see.  I have to tell you I really enjoyed the &quot;Sirens of TI&quot; show which runs nightly and is FREE OF CHARGE&quot;. We are planning a return trip this year to catch more attractions and entertainment. We have told many people of our experience at TI and strongly would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good value good location	Room was good, amenities good. We didn't realise that you could smoke when gambling and as these areas went into the restaurants we didn't like eating there. Always busy though and once again concierge staff very helpful.	
Oct 27 2009	Great location fantastic bed and modern room - I definitely recommend it!	I stayed at this hotel based on the good reviews on TripAdvisor and also because it was within budget. We paid a bit extra to have a room with a strip view. Our non-smoking room was on the 30th floor in the West Tower - Room Number 30-0099. The check-in was quick - we were in queue of about 8 people and it quickly cleared. The hotel has been recently renovated and is really plush. The room was large with an LCD TV screen on the wall, and had the most amazingly large and comfortable bed. I slept so well - I'd love a bed like that. The room was a lovely temperature and very well soundproofed - we couldn't hear a thing from any neighbours. The only improvement to the room would have been the addition of tea &amp; coffee making facilities.TI has a swimming pool which was great - the water was so lovely and warm, and the pool wasn't that busy. They provided free loungers and towels. The beer from the pool bar was on the steep side - $7 - but I was on holiday so I didn't really mind. The hotel has a Starbucks in it, and a shop near the car park entrance which sell Krispy Kreme doughnuts - heaven! We only at at the hotel once - we had a dinner buffet there. The price of the buffet was a lot and wasn't any better than Harrah's which was about $5 less. In fact, although the surroundings were nicer at the Treasure Island Buffet, the choice of food on offer was better at Harrah's. The location of the hotel on the strip is fantastic - it's located midstrip and opposite a big Walgreen's which is really handy as you can buy sandwiches and bread and fillings etc if you want to eat cheaply during the day and save your pennies for the evening meal or gambling!The hotel is also attached by a walkway to the Fashion Show Mall which has a great range of shops including a Hello Kitty shop - magic! The number &amp; choice of slots and within the hotel is fab - I love the games 'reel'em in' and 'goldfish' - but that's a different story! There was a show outside the hotel called the Sirens of TI - it was one three times every night and lasted about 20 minutes. It was good fun, and if you showed your TI room card you could get right up to the front to get a better view where only TI residents can go.To summarise, I definitely recommend Treasure Island - the hotel has a really nice fell about it, is extremely well located on the strip, was clean, very comfortable, modern, and had a quiet spacious bedroom room with a lovely bathroom.Well done Phil Ruffin - you've got a good hotel. Keep up the good work.	
Oct 27 2009 	Best hotel for low rates and great location	Don't even consider paying the big bucks for the other name hotels. Treasure Island is right in the heart of the Strip and convenient for walking to most attractions and shopping. The rooms are spacious and clean with large baths. The staff is very helpful and at no time did we feel unsafe. Particularly convenient to the Fashion Mall as there is a walkway from the hotel to the stores.	
Oct 27 2009 	good hotel	stopped at the TI for a friends wedding. rooms clean and spacious, good view of the strip. lovely chapel. small but nice pool would recommend this hotel to otheres	
Oct 27 2009 	A perfect location for walking up and down the strip!	We visited Las Vegas back in May of this year. It was the first time we stayed at Treasure Island. I was impressed with the rooms and especially the location of the hotel. I'm not a gambler, but my husband is. He enjoyed the poker tournaments in the poker room at 10:00 each night and playing craps without having such a high minimum. I enjoyed walking next door to the Fashion Show Shopping Mall, walking up and down the strip within walking distance to many casinos, and I laying out by the pool. I felt the food at Kahunaville was a little overpriced with not much of a selection, but the bartenders were entertaining and friendly. The rooms had just the right amount of room for two people and our room had a beautiful view of the pool and strip. And if you have never caught the Sirens of TI at night outside, it's something to see. Just get there early for a good spot.	
Oct 27 2009	Birthday in Vegas	Date: October 2009Where: Treasure Island Hotel Las Vegas, NevadaWe flew out there (as a suprise) to celebrate my nephew's 30th birthday. The hotel was beautiful! There was a problem with the room we were promised and the room we got. It wasn't a big deal, but, we were told &quot;it doesn't matter what they tell you when you call reservations it is first come first serve to get the room you want&quot;. That bothered us but it didn&quot; ruin our trip. The rest of the hotel was great. The location of the hotel was perfect.We enjoyed everything on the strip. The hotels offered free shows outside. Treasure Island had the sieren show, the Mirage had a volcano show, and the Venetian had a fountain show. We had an excellent time at the Madame Tussau's Wax Museum. They allowed you to pose with all the wax figures. They were set up in such a manner that you got right in the action with the &quot;celebrity&quot;.We walked the entire strip. We did take the monorail back on the second day.My only regret is that we were there for just 2 days. We will definetly go back again and stay longer!	
Oct 27 2009 	The worst stay ever in Vegas!	Although the rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable, be prepared for the worst service ever. The staff is rude and short staff. They also will not honor any promotions (if you book with a different service like book it. com). When we first got to the the hotel I waited over an hour to check in. Then when you finally check in, they are rude and have no idea what they are doing. It went downhill from there. I woudl never recommend that anyone stay here. I have stayed at the Paris, The Bay, New York, New York and stay at any of these places but not here. This hotel changed hands in April (at least that what someone told us). My advice DON'T STAY here!	
Oct 26 2009 	Average but wouldn't stay there again.	Neither I nor my traveling companion had stayed at TI, although we had both visited. We had a good experience during our previous trips so we were eager to see what TI had to offer. However, we weren't overly pleased with our stay. We checked in at around 10pm. The man at the front desk was not very pleasant, and he informed us that we had to stay in a room on a smoking floor. My friend let him know that she is horribly allergic to smoke, yet he did very little to accommodate us. We were understanding, as it was very late at night, however, he told us we just had to try in the morning and didn't seem concerned with her allergy. Upon our check-out, the lady we spoke too let us know that there were several things he COULD have tried to accommodate us (check if there were any rooms that just needed a cleaning &amp; make us wait a little while, etc.) however he did not. Neither of them apologized. We did end up getting our room changed the next day after very little sleep, and luckily the girl we talked to on the phone was very helpful. However, we weren't impressed with the front desk staff. We also found the restaurant staff to be rather average, as it took a while to get re-fills or place our order. My friend had the Champagne Buffet Breakfast, and she only got 1 glass of champagne, while she saw that they brought the bottle to another table.Mind you, our stay wasn't totally negative. We found the Bell Staff to be super polite and over-all delightful to talk to. The rooms were very clean and well-kept.Perhaps we just happened to catch a bad day, but we weren't impressed enough with TI to stay there again. My friend is heading back to Vegas for New Years, and was planning on staying at Treasure Island, but has decided to stay somewhere else.	
Oct 26 2009 	Nice room poor customer service	My husband and I arrived for a quick weekend trip on a late Friday evening. We had called ahead of time to make sure our reservation for a Petite Suite would be honored, even with a 10:30pm check in time. When we got to the hotel, there were 70 people in line. Yes, 70! We had ample time to count them. And there were two, count 'em, TWO people working the check-in desk. I called the main number to ask them to get more help to the desk, but was told that since it was late, there were no more staff and there was nothing that could be done. Less than a minute after I hung up, four people came from the office behind the desk and started helping- why couldn't they have just done that when they saw the insane line? It took over an hour just to check in. I had requested a non-smoking room but had to settle for a smoking room. It didn't smell like smoke, luckily.The room was nice- large and clean and had decent amenities. The TV didn't work but we didn't care, except for the automated check-out (which they allowed us to do by phone). The casino is decent- craps runs about $10, lots of slots and video games, a nice off-track lounge. The food at the restaurants is pretty good- the buffet is expensive on weekends (about $27 per person, drinks from the bar are $10 each), but the food is good and fresh and varied. People working in the buffet were a little brusque and the waiter (yes, they have a waiter for a buffet) was a little rude about our questions.The place was full of college-age people, and the pool was packed with folks in their 20s who were drinking and yelling to the sounds of a poolside DJ playing house music. Not good for us (in our 40s, wanted some poolside quiet) but the people there looked like they were having a blast.TI is within walking distance of lots of other great places, across the street from a Walgreens, and the bell-desk people are very gracious. All in all, this was just an okay stay- I had expected a little more pizazz and friendliness for a $280 per night stay, and I'd probably stay elsewhere next time. Guess I'm not the right demographic for this hotel anymore- probably better for those in their 20s who like a little more rowdiness.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic!!! Wonderful!!! Well Worth IT!!!	Super soft beds and the rooms are quiet!! Service was excellent...not as expensive as the others, but well worth it!!! The restaurants inside are really great...liked the buffet with the different nationalities of food...the Steak House....Vietnamese Food...Pizza.... I know not as hugh as Ceasars or the others, but still super big enought for us. We did not stay at Circis Circus...glad we didn.t...the local kids and gangs hang out there are school hours...very icky and scary in the evening. My teen ages enjoyed going to the Arcade, the Mystrie Show there...my husband and I went to Bette Midler and it was GREAT!!! What I liked, call me silly, but right across the street was a WALGREENS and the souveniers there were very reasonable...also instead of playing $3 a bottle for soda at the hotel....we just went there and got our soda, snacks, maybe a sandwich for a very reasonable price...and then saved our money for the expensive meals for evening...also a McDonalds in a very short walking distance. There was a Denny's, but you had to wait in line forever and McD's we didn't have to....also took a tour to the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, etc. The tour bus picks you up right at the hotel. And if you want to tour the city really well...just take a bus for $7.00 for a 24 hour ticket. Just buy the ticket right on the bus (with correct change) the hotel told us we has to go down to a special place to buy yhe ticket...they were wrong. And we walked forever until we realized you can buy them on the bus. Well, that's it....but Walgreens really saved us on the snacks and soda prices. Hope you all have a GREAT TIME!!! Oh, also, my husband and kids really liked the show Treasure Island gave outside they're hotel every evening...the Sirens of the Pirate Ship.....lasts about an hour and then fireworks....and it's free! Gotta g0o finally...huh? Bye!!!!!!!!!!!! Oops, sorry guys, but only one pool, but nice as well as a hot tub for 50 people. My kids still enjoyed it!	
Oct 24 2009 	Wonderful Stay!!	We loved our stay at TI in Las Vegas. The hotel is pretty much centrally located on the strip and is next door to the mall, which I loved! We arrived before check-in time and did have to wait about 40 minutes to get our room. Our room was a king room on the 20th floor facing the strip--what a beautiful view. The room decor was very nice, it was spacious, and the bed was VERY comfortable. We also ate at the buffet, which was ok, but really not worth $26 on the weekend and we ate at the Big Kahuna at TI as well. It was also ok. You definitely have to see Mystere at TI-it was an awesome show and well worth the money. There is a 1/2 price ticket place very near TI for buying show tickets for the same night, but I had ordered mine previous to our visit. I do have to say (ladies) wear comfy shoes because you will be doing a lot of walking--I saw many women carrying their heels around-myself included. The attire in the casinos is very casual as well as at the show, but I did notice that people definitely dressed up for the clubs.	
Oct 24 2009 	A great experience	The hotel was clean &amp; had everything we needed. The restaurants were pretty high priced - I guess that was to be expected. Everything we ate their was delicious. The Buffet breakfast and Isla were our favorites. The Siren's Cove show was corny but something to see. Good walking distance from most of the strip. We had a nice view of both the mountains and the strip. It was my husband's first time and he had a BLAST!	
Oct 24 2009 	Okay I would probably stay again for a little less money.	Not the top of my list of &quot;places to stay&quot;. To qualify this statement, When I spend $200+ a night for lodging, and then go down in their casion and loose there also, guess I don't view it as a wonderful place. We checked in late at night (12:15AM), so had no line to stand in; checkin went quickly. Checkout is like any Vegas hotel; just get in line (the long one) and wait your turn. Upon arrival to our room, it appeared clean, pretty much blaugh compared to the nicer hotels on the strip. The room was clean, but just not what I would describe as memorable. The room was &quot;okay&quot;. The only reason that we would stay there again would be if we had a better rate on the room, and the parking for the self-parking for the hotel is one of the easiest I've seen. You do have to drag your own bags through the hotel to get to your car though. Trying to valet-park and get your bags to the vehicle would be a little difficult; self-parking works much better here. Yes, with slight reluctance, we would stay here again with the above mentioned provisos. One final item I better mention, when we checked in, I ask if the hotel honored my month early request for a smoke-free room. The clerk indicated that the smoke smell would &quot;depend on how much the previous occupant smoked&quot;. They hotel does not care if you requested a smoke-free room or not. They don't had such a room. The room smells like a smoker lived there. Not real happy in this area of accomidation. Your whole wardrobe will smell like a smoker.	
Oct 23 2009 	Fun time at TI	This hotel had a great location, wasn't too expensive, great location on the Strip.The rooms were nicely decorated, and the beds were comfy. We visited the buffet which was good. Loved the Isla restaurant, and had fun at the Christian Audigier nightclub. HINT: If you go out on the balcony there you can see the &quot;boys&quot; pirate ship with a very good view for the SIrens show. The pool was little, but nice.All in all, we had fun and would stay here again if the price was right.	
Oct 23 2009 	Decent place...would stay there again!	I've just returned from a 5 night stay. Because I was traveling alone, a central location and a feeling of safety were prerequisites. Both of these needs were met at TI. I arrived quite late at night so check in was problem free. When checking in, I asked the clerk how much extra for a strip view room. His response....&quot;40 dollars a night&quot;...to which I replied ...&quot;ok thank you ... it's not worth it to me&quot; He then gave me the upgrade for free. I have to admit that I am afraid of heights and was not even sure I would enjoy being on the 23rd floor overlooking the strip, but quite honestly, the view was MAGNIFICENT. Even better, I had the view that did NOT overlook the pirate show, so I didn't have noise, fire and smoke emanating from the show, to deal with. While searching for my room the night of my arrival, there happened to be a security guard patrolling my floor which gave me some added comfort. I should add, I've not had too much experience traveling alone. As well, the elevators are guarded at night and you must show your hotel key.The hotel size was something else I appreciated. I had no desire to stay somewhere where it takes half an hour to walk to your room (and that, in case you've never been to Vegas, is really not much of an exaggeration)The staff were all extremely pleasant and helpful, which was something I wasn't really expecting after some of the reviews I'd read.The beds are amazing at this hotel.... without doubt, the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The rooms are a nice size and the bathrooms, with deep soaker tubs, are huge. The hotel was immaculately clean. There are a few2 negatives as well, although they would not prevent me from staying here again. There are no coffee makers or fridges in the room ...which seems to be endemic to Vegas. Obviously if you are in your room, you aren't spending enough money. However I didn't appreciate having to go downstairs every morning for a much needed cup of coffee which, while excellent flavour, was $3.75 for a medium, at Starbucks.The slots were very tight and the casino is quite dark and smoky, with abnormally low ceilings. Another thing I didn't like was the scented air that is piped through the entire hotel. I can still smell it. I noticed a lot of the hotels pipe perfumed air through the premises....presumably to try and cover up the smoke smell. It doesn't work. I will say that the scent used at TI was not nearly as offensive as at some of the other hotels.If mall shopping is your thing, this would be a good location as it is a 5 minute walk to Fashion Show Mall .. which is quite a nice mall.The prices in Vegas truly are ridiculous for &quot;necessities&quot; such as coffee, bottled water and snacks. A bottle of water in the hotel store is 3 bux for a small. The shops in TI are quite disappointing but it's not like there aren't a billion other places one can shop.One final thing..... the pirate show is complete rubbish. All it is is 20 minutes of scantly clad women (sirens) gyrating around the stage, strutting their stuff. They can neither sing or act. My advice would be to give this a pass.The bottom line ... I would most definitely stay at TI again. In my opinion, the positives considerably outweigh the negatives.	
Oct 23 2009 	Not Bad	My wife and I stayed at TI for 4 nights for our 1st anniversary. The room was nice. We requested a high floor and got it, with a nice view of the north strip. Check in took about 20 minutes. We got a really good deal. Under $100 per night on a holiday weekend seems like a good deal to me. The casino was ok. I couldn't figure out why they would have empty tables with limits of $15-$25 when they would be full if the limits were $5-$10? Anyway, I didn't gamble much here except for placing some bets in the sports book and playing some poker, won in both areas by the way. I did my other gambling at the lower limit casinos. We booked massages from the spa that were not very good. We ate at the cafe and pho place and wasn't impressed. Over all, it was good for the price, but I would only come back if I got another good deal.	
Oct 22 2009 	well worth the stay	My husband and I have just returned from an eight day stay at Treasure Island Hotel Las Vegas. Check in was great, it only took ten minutes from arriving at check in to stepping through the door of our hotel room. We booked a deluxe room, I asked at check in for a strip room on a high floor if possible. We did not get an upgrade as it would have cost an extra 30 dollars per night, but we got a room on the 30 th floor overlooking the pirate show and the Palazzo and the Wynn hotels....we were well pleased. We can recommend the Coffee Shop for eating, was always nice and very good service. We loved the hotel, it has a nice friendly atmosphere and staff were always friendly to us. It is in an ideal place on the strip, very easy to get around.	
Oct 22 2009 	OK Hotel	I chose this hotel because of price consideration only. I couldn't afford the big hitters like Ceasar Palace, Venitian or Mirage. But I felt more like being in a Hilton with casino than a LV resort. The treasure island theme is cute but pale in comparison to Paris LV or the New York-New York. My room was simple but clean. The small pool is very crowded on the weekend. This hotel is OK for a short stay but if you want to live the true Las Vegas experience set more money aside and chose the Ceasar, Venetian, etc instead.	
Oct 22 2009 	Good hotel	Clean, great rooms, comfy beds, excellent restaurants and nightlife. Awesome location! Stayed here twice and we'll go back. Good value for the money. It's got a good vibe to it. Nothing fancy but clean and quite for the price.	
Oct 21 2009 	TI has gone downhill since my last stay	I always liked staying at TI and have stayed there twice. It's been a few years, so I was expecting it to be updated. The room was ok...we had a corner room with nice big windows that over looked the WYNN. The bathroom had poor lighting, dingy white towels and the baseboards were dirty. The sink clogged everytime you tried to use the water. The food in all the restaurants was overpriced. In fact, we didn't eat one meal while at TI. Most of the sandwiches on the menu's we looked at (burgers, etc...) were $12.95 or higher. I had tickets fed ex'd to the TI front desk and they charged me a $6.00 fee to &quot;hold&quot; the envelope for one day. (This was on top of the $40 dollars in taxes and hidden fees I had already paid on the $200 dollar tickets....)	
Oct 21 2009 	Nice rooms decent value	We received a great online package rate that included free Mystere tickets if you stayed 3 nights. Check their website before booking to see what kind of deals they may be offering.  The rooms are excellent. The beds were the most comfortable we've ever slept on. I believe all the rooms have been remodeled and upgraded with flat screen tv's, ipod docking, etc. For your gambling needs, they have fun, if not small poker tournaments running everyday in their poker room across from the Mystere box office if you're looking to play some cards. Also, sign up for the Player's Card for some free slot play. Ask for a room facing the pool if you're interested in a nice strip view to the south (see picture). Since this wouldn't be decent review without a few critiques though, here they are: You have an option of express checkout using the TV which we wanted to take advantage of to avoid any lines. After looking at our bill, we called the front desk to tell them the price for the Mystere tickets was listed on there (supposed to be free). They said they would take it off and then charged my card. Two weeks later, I checked my credit card statement and the charges were still on there. I called the hotel and was transferred to 4 different people before finally getting someone on the line who had the proper authority to issue a refund. To their credit, she issued the refund and sent me an email confirmation within 10 minutes. However, I would recommend double checking your invoice before leaving or using express checkout. Also, we were told the DJ only played loud music at the pool on weekends but this is not true. The music is played on weekdays as well. I understand it's Vegas, but sometimes you just want to relax by the pool for a bit and maybe catch some up on some zzz's which is tough when the bass is rattling your chair and all you can hear is loud music blasting through the mega speakers.	
Oct 20 2009 	Some Disappointment	I wanted a hotel that was more north as I always stay at the south end of the strip. I searched for reviews on hotels and was especially pleased by the ones for TI. I had visited the casino before to see Mystere but had never stayed there.My boyfriend and I arrived on Friday around 5 PM, our room was ready and the clerk was pleasant but not overly. I had registered for a king, they had us in two queens but that was quickly changed. Upon entering the room I immediately noticed that it looked just like the web site photo however, it was not clean to my standards. There was a noticeable ring of dust around every glass table topper and it wasn't there from just one nights stay. The fixtures in the bathroom were spotted and my boyfriend swears what he saw on the tub rim was a booger! I looked at it and we wiped it off with a tissue, it sure looked as if he was correct!Ordinarily I would have asked for a change, why I didn't I don't know.We layed down on the bed to test it and it was very comfortable but he noticed stains that looked like candy on the decorative king pillow sham. The sheets were pretty loose and ill fitting and not comfortable like some hotels.Our room was 7006 and we noticed a strong smell of grilled burgers or steaks several times. The morning we left we smelled breakfast!It was one of the quietest rooms I've ever had so that was a plus. We ate breakfast twice at the Coffee Shop and I wasn't really impressed, the eggs were packaged. Kahunaville was fun, the appetizer platter is really good and we loved the flair bartenders.We tried to go to Christian Audigier's on Saturday but the wait was impossible.The pool was &quot;okay&quot; not great. They need to re finish the bottom because it's so marred that it looks really dirty. It's also a small pool for the amount of people the area can accommodate.I like the location of TI and I may consider staying there again but I'll definitely be more vocal about displeasure with the room if need be.	
Oct 20 2009 	Perfect location Gorgeous View Comfy Beds--who could ask for more?	It's been 14 years since we last visited Las Vegas. We're now much older (!!), &amp; we wanted a hotel that was centrally located, very clean, QUIET when we wanted to sleep &amp; with enough restaurants so we didn't have to go searching for food. We were in Vegas for 5 days/nights.Treasure Island was perfect. The location couldn't be any better---you're right in the middle of the strip so you can walk to most casinos. The Venetian is right across the street &amp; the Bellagio &amp; Mirage are only a few blocks away--so it was convenient for both the water fountain show at the Bellagio &amp; the volcano show at the Mirage--but be prepared to walk.....and walk...and walk. We walked all the way to New York, New York---and back----the first day, stopping in a few casinos along the way, &amp; probably logged about 5 miles. Whew!There are lots of options for food at Treasure Island--we were pleased with the meals we had at Kahunaville, the Coffee Shop &amp; the Buffet. We also had a really good steak at the Steak Place (I forget what the restaurant is called) &amp; an excellent pizza at the Italian restaurant. NO bad meals, &amp; we thought the prices in general were fair. There's enough variety right there--and yes, there IS a Starbucks. The service everywhere was generally good, too,Both check-in &amp; out were pretty speedy, maybe 20 minutes or less. My husband tried the $20 trick, which got us a room on the 28th floor &amp; an incredible view of the Strip---gorgeous at dawn &amp; simply breathtaking at night. We could see all the way to the Excaliber from our room.The beds were also incredible---believe me, the trip was worth it for the beds alone! Between the fabulous view &amp; the comfy beds, it was like being in Paradise. Our room was incredibly quiet, too, which was a bonus. If there were other people around, we sure didn't hear them.One side note: there were five of us in our party, &amp; we had a little issue with a surly bartender on our last full day. It was disappointing because everyone else had been so friendly &amp; welcoming. I won't go into detail, but it was bad enough that I asked to speak to a manager--and I'm pleased to report that the manager addressed the problem immediately, apologized for the incident &amp; even bought us a round of drinks. It's nice to see that customer service is alive &amp; well at Treasure Island.I will definitely stay at Treasure Island again.	
Oct 20 2009 	exceptional reservations service	I would stay at TI again, room was clean with comfy beds and updated furnishings. The reservations team were incredibly helpful when I requested to pre-pay my accommodation having made my reservation online. Very prompt response time with friendly personality. Thankyou Cynthia who assisted me.	
Oct 19 2009 	First time Vegas visitor	The TI provided a great base for our first visit to Vegas. The room was spacious and clean with the exception of what looked like a large ink stain on the carpet. The staff were extremely helpful on our arrival, which after a 22 hour day of travelling was appreciated. The Sunday champagne buffet was excellent value for money and added a special element to our trip.I would agree with most of the other reviewers re the Siren show, we did start watching it but left after a short time as the only dazzling thing in it was the luminous leading man's teeth.it was very busy around the pool during the time we were there and we did struggle to find two sun loungers together, although lots of people had put towels on the loungers to reserve them often I didn't see anyone use them for the whole time I was by the pool. I would advise the hotel to stop this practice and remove the towels after and hour if no-one has been seen using them freeing them up for use by others. The disco kicked in about noon but it wasn't too loud. I would definately reccomend this hotel and would be happy to stay there again on my next visit to Vegas	
Oct 19 2009 	Don't waste your money	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. We were met by a surly receptionist who couldn't manage to confirm the booking despite a booking confirmation reference...not a good sign! On entering our room, we were surprised to see that the bed had not been made up and that there was a used pillow case thrown on the bedside cabinet. A call to the front desk resulted in us being given a new room. We thought this would be the end of things...wrong! Our 'new' room had thick dust on all the glass surfaces and was damp and yes, the bed had not been made! A call to housekeeping saw a sheepish supervisor apologize and the room was cleaned in front of us. Day-2 saw new towels, albeit with dried bloodstains on them!As to the hotel itself, the restaurants were very average. The Vietnamese restaurant was very disappointing. The food itself was bland and had no bearing on tradtional S.E. Asian fare. Be prepared to wait for service. A lot of staff milling around and with time to chat loudly and inanely. Forget about summonsing any server who happens to walk past your table...they only serve specific tables and if you want a drink with your food, you need to seek the services of the bar staff as none of the others will entertain a request. Beaucracy gone mad!All-in-all this hotel is living off yesteryear's reputations. Save your money. This place is a dump.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Hotel great location	Just returned from a fantastic first visit to Vegas. Extremely happy with TI especially its location on the Strip. We particularly liked the fact that it is small in comparison to the other resorts and did not involve a half hour walk to get to the lifts! The rooms are large in comparison to a lot of European hotels and the beds were SO comfortable. Warning to other Brits - if you like your morning cuppa take a travel kettle and tea bags! Have to agree that the check in staff were not particularly welcoming and found it odd that the Guest Service desk was only open until 6pm. Cannot comment on the pool as we were far too busy seeing the sights to have time to swim. Used Canters Deli for quick snacks and Kahunaville for breakfast but didn't try the other restaurants. There is a Walgreens across the street and a food court in the Fashion Mall next door so plenty of eating options nearby. Don't miss the outlet centres and remember to leave plenty of room in your suitcase for all the bargains! Wouldn't hesitate to return to TI and will happily recommend it to others.	
Oct 19 2009 	Couldn't ask for better accomodations!	Had a great three night stay. The staff was very friendly. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a strip view by simply asking if one was available. Our room was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The pool and lounge area were also kept very neat. We had no complaints about our stay.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good value good location but nothing special	Got a very good price to stay at the TI and I have absolutely no complaints but i wouldn't say it was particularly special. Perfect to use as a base to explore the rest of the strip (opposite the Venetian, next to the Fashion Shopping Mall) but if you want a Vegas 'experience' I would suggest staying in one of the other hotels with more personality. The public areas of the hotel felt dated and there wasn't much there to do. That said its small size was an advantage because it didn't take 'hours' to walk to my room.I had no queue at check in( not much of a surprise as it was 10pm on a Monday night) but it did feellike the staff were just going through the motions. It also would have been nice if they had told me that they were taking 500 off my credit card as a deposit! I expected something to be taken but that seemed a bit steep and it caused my card to be stopped during my stay, which then cost me a fortune to call the bank!My room was roomy, clean and attractive with a very comfortable bed. Only complaints were the towels were small and thin and the TV remote was pretty temperamental.So use it as a base but don't stay if you want a special experience.PS the Sirens show is dreadful! It felt like they really couldn't be bothered.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great location good value if you want to treat yourself to an affordable Strip view!	We picked this hotel because it was in a central Strip location and had a decent rate ($179) for a premium Strip-view room.Although we checked in at 4 pm, we were told our room would not be ready for 'at least an hour&quot;. This was disappointing, and no 'compensations&quot; were offered to makeup for it - a coupon for a free drink, discount ticket or meal, or an upgrade would have been a plus - in fact, a staff member at Caesar's commented &quot;Well I HOPE they gave you an upgrade!&quot; on hearing this.However - the reason the Caesar's staff knew was that we wandered over there to kill time, and got very lucky in that Cher was playing at the Collosseum that night and tickets were available! So, had our room been ready, we might not have got to see Cher, since it was the only night she was there.Our room was lovely though not 'luxurious&quot; - I would probably call it 4 to 4 1/2 star quality. Excellent view of the Strip. VERY comfortable &quot;pillow-top mattress&quot; bed.We ate in the Cafe for breakfast one morning and it was very good. Ten Elvises were at a table opposite us! Fun.Service in the casino itself was also good. We were playing the cheap (5-cent) machines but still got very good free-drink service!The hotel is very convenient for all Strip attractions and the other casinos - for example, we ate at the Venetian across the street twice too.	
Oct 17 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	Just returned from a wonderful stay at TI. It was our first time in Las Vegas and we wanted a place that was nice, reasonably priced, and in a good location. We found all of this in TI! The room was very comfortable, had a modern decor, and had extremely comfortable beds. Would definitely stay there again and recommend to friends. The Cirque show in the hotel, Mystere, was amazing! The hotel offers discounted tickets to those who are staying at TI and we strongly recommend that you see this show. The ABC store in Fashion Mall next door is great to pick up what you need for the room, including alcohol.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great stay in Vegas!	I will start by saying - it is amazing how the same stay = different experience for each person. I just read the reviews by the others that stayed during the same time as us, and I couldn't help but laugh!! The pool area is very large and it would be a stretch to say that there were 12 people there at any given time. I could have had 50 lounge chairs to myself &amp; i never once heard disco music - I even remember commenting to my husband that I wish that the station was available at home. There were no lines at check in or check out. Our room was clean, bed was VERY comfortable, and never once did we smell cigarette smoke. We were offered a free upgraded room, but in smoking so we passed (btw - i just asked, and never flashed any money) The casino &amp; hallway was cold, but i found that to be true of every casino. We only at the buffet for breakfast, it was excellent - it is reasonably priced considering it is all you can eat and includes coffee, juice etc. The guest services desk was very helpful with directions, info &amp; printing our boarding passes. Saw Mystere, it was very good - and tip - once there, we rec'd a voicemail that they were offering by one get one free tickets. Didn't see the Pirates show - very windy while we were there so the show was cancelled each night. So, i would recommend this hotel, unless you are looking for a high-end hotel where perfection is for you - and in that case, stay at a high end hotel like Bellagio!!! But if you are looking for a comfy room, with good location at a very reasonable price, TI is a good choice!!	
Oct 16 2009 	Best Vegas Hotel	Hi, we stayed there for 3 nights and got a Mystere tickets for free, we also had a free champagne bottle because it was our honeymoon. The staff is very polite and helpfull. The hotel is situated in the middle of the strip, next to the fashion show mall. You have access to it from the rear exit. It is also in front of the Palazzo and Venetian so shopping and sightseeing is very good. This is the best hotel in Vegas because it is cheap compared to its neighbors and the rooms are are renovated, clean and well designed. We loved TI !	
Oct 15 2009 	Decent overall; no pirates though	Choose TI for the location, not so much for the details or for its absence of a theme. An easy walk to Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, Fashion Show Mall, Mirage, bus stops. Check-in on a Tuesday afternoon was simple, with virtually no wait. Petite suite was generously sized and had two bathrooms. Housekeeping loses points for mildew around a sink area, forgotten glassware, and dusty glass-topped hallway tables by the elevators (cleaned only after my husband and other hotel guests started writing in the dust). Maintenance was sent promptly to re-caulk the mildewed sink, but managed to completely overlook the offending area. But basically a decent experience, not the best nor the worst on the Strip.	
Oct 15 2009 	Overall it was good	We attended a wedding reception and stayed there for 3 nights. As a new mom, I requested a fridge and a crib before my arrival. They accommodated with the fridge but brought a play pen instead of a crib. There was no way that my infant son would be able to sleep in the play pen, especially if i have to break my back picking him up. Otherwise everything else was great, but definitely not family oriented.	
Oct 15 2009 	Good value for its location	The positives: Well priced, very good room with an extremely comfortable bed and a good location to explore the strip. The Cirque de Soleil show Mystere which is based in the hotel was excellent too - worth asking if there are any discounts for guests as we got our tickets for half price but only after we asked what deals they had. Mexican restaurant La Isla wasn't bad either, if a little overpriced.The negatives: the spa wasn't open for any of our four day stay. The loungers by the pool are crammed in on top of each other so not ideal if you like your own space. The restaurant next to the pool (Kahunaville) did a terrible, overpriced breakfast and should be avoided at all costs. The outside show 'Sirens of the TI' is one of the most moronic things I have ever seen but it is free and the fireworks at the end aren't too bad.Overall, the positives do outweigh the negatives and I would stay here again if I was looking for a mid-price hotel on the strip, especially as the room was so good.	
Oct 14 2009 	Worn Out	We stayed here Oct 9th and 10th after moving from another resort the previous two nights. Even though the resort is small it is still difficult to get around. The lobby is off in a corner and not very accessible. There are only 2 main elevator areas and not many resturants to choose from. I smelled smokey cigarette smell all the time. Air conditioning seemed to pump the smoke into the halls and non-smoking rooms. Freezing air will blast you as you walk the hall way to your room. The ceilings are low and the lighting is dim in your room, bathroom and casino. First thing we saw, when we opened our curtain in our room, was a napkin someone had taped on the window. Apparently the maid service does not open the curtiins when cleaning the room from the previous guests. Furniture is nicked, bedding is old and very low quality linens and towels. Carpet needs to be removed or cleaned in the rooms the hallways etc. We ate at the Coffee House and Canter's Deli. Both not good. We did like thier mexican resturant, Isla, and found it a good value too. The pool and pool area are very small. Unless you grab a lounge chair early, you won't be able to have a place to lay down. Terrible disco type music constantly being played in the casino and pool area. We liked the location, if a person is planning to explore the resorts around Treasure Island. We can't recommend this resort and would not stay here again. Oh, probably the biggest disappointment was not having a guest service book. We did call room service and they said they were discontinued in the rooms. How would a person know what the resort has to offer or, more importantly, where the fire exits are located if there is no guest service book.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Time at TI	Stayed in a Petite Suite for the week. The room was on the 19th floor, close to the elevator. The check-in line was long, but moved quickly. The room itself was very well-maintained, spacious and clean. The front desk and cleaning staff were very friendly and helpful. The valet was quick to retrieve your car. I tried a couple of the restaurants in the hotel. The buffet was good for lunch/dinner, not so much for breakfast. Canter's Deli was OK for a quick sandwich. I wasn't really impressed by the pizza place (Francesco's?). The food was good, but very overpriced (even for Vegas). Kahunaville was good as well.	
Oct 13 2009 	Awesome Room	We had such an awesome time at this hotel. We are able to get a super close spot to see the TI sirens show. And our room had a wonderful view of the street. The room was clean and the housekeeping staff was nice and willing to accomodate requests for extra towels, shampoo, etc. The casino was also very &quot;lucky&quot; for us - so we barely ever left the hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great stay 	My husband &amp; I arrived late at night to Vegas &amp; the hotel so we didn't have to stand in any long lines (first plus). We requested a top floor and were given a corner room at the 34th floor. (second major plus). The view was fantastic! The room was larger than what we expected. We were tired so thankfully, the bed &amp; pillows were sooooo comfortable and of premium quality. In addition, we were in prime location so we didn't have to spend money on taxis as we did most of the walking. Although I had seen several hotels at very cheap prices, for a little more, we stayed at a great hotel, friendly staff and in the middle of the major hot spots. For the price, I would totally recommend it!	
Oct 13 2009 	The food in the hotel is terrible but great location and nice room	Don't eat at the Treasure Island hotel if you want real food. We tried 2 meals and they were both lousy. The Bellagion Cafe is awesome and the prices are reasonable. We saw Love - The Beatles - Cirque du Soleil at Mirage - it was great, Mystere at TI was great, Phantom at the Venetian was awesome. Be sure to take comfortable walking shoes to Las Vegas - and lots of cash. Lots of fun to be had. Don't miss the Bellagio fountains, the Mirage Volcano, the huge awuarium in the Mirage, Big Elvis at Bill's Sallon and Casino.	
Oct 12 2009 	Never Again	Let me start off by saying I have stayed at Treasure Island before and found it to be great. That being said, something has really taken a turn for the worse in terms of management. We arrived on a Saturday and of course waited in a 30 minute line to check in. This has always been the situation at TI, I'm not sure why as they don't have the same issues at many of the other comparable hotels. After the line we went up to our room which at first glance was nicely appointed. The rooms are definitely on the smaller side but nice decor. We had two queen beds and the hotel was aware that there were 3 of us staying in the room. I was surprised to find only 2 towels and two wash clothes and one hand towel. I figured it was just an oversight. When we headed down to the pool we found it so incredibly packed that we had to search for about 20 minutes to find chairs. Mind you the chairs are packed in so tight you cannot get in between the chairs but rather have to crawl from the bottom up the chair, or down to get off. There were wet dirty towels thrown all over the pool deck and the pool was so crowded we had to weave in and out of people for about 10 minutes trying to get down the stairs and find a spot where the three of us would have room to stand together. I am serious when I say there was standing room only in the pool. We ate at Kahunaville for lunch and the service was incredibly slow and the server was marginal at best. The next day after housecleaning came we found we had been left with only two towels, no wash cloths, no hand towels. We went out to find housekeeping to request more towels and some wash cloths and they told us they were out and managed to come up with one crunched up old wash cloth and one with a hole in it. That day at the pool we requested two towels each (hoping to be able to take one back to the room for showers) and were told they were having a &quot;linen shortage&quot; and we were only allowed to have one. Needless to say I was very disappointed with our experience at TI. I give credit where credit is due (check my other reviews) but I will never go back to TI.	
Oct 12 2009 	WOW THE VIEWS FROM THE 36TH FLOOR ARE AMAZING	We stayed here for 3 nights having coming from LA and before going to Washington. As smokers we wanted a smoking room but was worried that the smokers floor would be on the lower floors but surprise we were at the top on 36th. The views were amazing. We looked down the strip to The Mirage and could see the volcano from our room, with mountain views to the right, amazing sunsets. The ac was very efficient and there were no lingering smoke smells.The room was lovely and clean, the bed huge, with floor to ceiling windows. Downside for us was that there were no coffee/tea making facilities in the room.We ate in Kahunaville and had the best burgers we had in the states (and we had a few!). The bar was very lively. Francesco's was great, good service, good food. Recommend the meatballs.We aren't gamblers so can't comment on the facilities, but it always seemed to be busy.Never got round to using the pool, too busy (spent a whole day at The Grand Canyon).Service at check in was brisk and not over friendly. Loved the speedy check out.Watched The Sirens good show, but you do have to get there early to ensure a good spot it is very popular.Worthwhile using the monorail, its cheap clean and easy to use and it saves on your feet.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location for reasonable price	Stayed at TI with friends for a birthday weekend celebration. The rooms are a decent size with comfy beds. We didn't get any special discounts for being hotel guests, but we checked out Mystere and the buffet anyway (both were great). Hotel is an easy walk to Wynn, Venetian, and Fashion Show Mall with a tram to Mirage. Rate is great for its location on the pricey end of the strip.	
Oct 12 2009 	What happens in Vegas is . . . . FUN!!!	Traveled to Vegas with three girlfriends. We stayed at Treasure Island Hotel &amp; Casino. The rooms were wonderful and restaurants great. Try the the buffet, especially at dinner. Great choices and plenty of fresh food.Went to see the Cher show while we were there. She is as good as ever.Didn't win any money, but had lots of fun.	
Oct 12 2009 	Can't beat the location. Great stay.	My wife and I stayed there October 6 - Oct 9th. The check in took 15 minutes. Which was quick I thought. We quickly got up to our rooms without the long elevator waits we experienced at the NY NY. The room was clean and was what I expected. Not that we ever spend a lot of time in our room when we visit Vegas. The location is very central and excellent for visiting other Casinos. The only negative I had was that the drinks and food were pricey. But they are that way in any of the up scale places in Vegas. If you're on a budget stay at the TI but eat, drink and gamble else where.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very Nice and Clean.	The Hotel was very nice and clean. It was at the end of the strip so everything was in walking distance and close to the bus stops. The staff was very friendly and very welcoming. I wouldd stay again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Good hotel few problems	We have stayed at this hotel four times before and were satisfied overall with a few exeptions.We arrived on the 8th of october and as in past visits were happy with the room, Very clean and newly renovated.We decided to skip the Buffet this time as we found it to be rather exspensive for what you got, We felt we got much better value at the coffee shop, However one night we went there for a quiet dinner and a group of rowdy people were seated near us, They were using fowl language and bing very loud and this did not seem to warrent any action by the staff.We and other patrens were offened by there behavour and bad language to the point that we asked to have our meals packaged sowe could retreate back to our room.I belive that the staff need to be coached on how to react to situations like this.This is not becomming of a four or five star property.Daniel Millard	
Oct 11 2009 	Very Surprised	My brother got a great rate at Treasure Island. (I usually stay at the Bellagio.)I was amazed. the rooms had been redone, and quite nice. I got a room with a Strip View. Because of it's location TI has some of the best views on the Strip.The service was outstanding. Everyone was friendly and eager to help, unlike the stuffy air at the Bellagio. The location is great.On the downside the pool is not a large one, but it is quite nice.I am now a fan of this hotel and will stay there again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Perfect location perfect size!	So many of the hotels on the strip are massive enough that you could get lost trying to find your room. What's wonderful about the TI is that the hotel is in the perfect location, but manageable enough to stay. The rooms are beautiful, the beds are so comfortable and our room had the best view of the strip! Although TI doesn't boast the best restaurants or attractions, its just a few steps away from those hotels that do.	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful stay at T.I.	I was very pleased with my stay at Treasure Island. Overall the value of the hotel was great. The front desk were very polite and helpful. They were able to give us an early check in which was wonderful. After an early flight all you want to do is relax in your room. We loved the pool. The service was quick and the servers were friendly. The restuarantsWe ate at the Kahunaville several time. The service was outstanding and food was amazing. Large portions so getting an appetizer would surely fill you up. We also went to their Buffet. They had a nice selection. I'm huge health freak so it was nice to see salads, fresh fruits, and even sushi. I did however have one complaint. Their manager is completely unprofessional. There was an elderly woman (who was our beverage server) that wasn't as &quot;fast&quot; as the other young servers but by no means less efficient. I personally thought her service was outstanding. The manager was verbally abusive and I shocked that such abuse is tolerated. She was telling the server how slow she was and that she didn't even want to hear her speak because she was getting annoyed by her. She was even laughing at her. I was literally dumbfounded. We got her name (which I will not mention on here) and wrote a letter to the owner of the restaurant. We did not go back there again.Overall our stay was wonderful. I will consider staying at Treasure Island the next time I'm in Las Vegas.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice Hotel	The TI Hotel was nice. The price wasn't bad, and the location was central to everything. We had a strip view of the hotel, and were able to see the Volcano show at the Mirage from the room. The staff was pleasant. We asked to change rooms because it was near the ice machine, and was immediately accommodated.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Girls getaway	We spent a long week end and had a great time. Treasure Island is a good location to check out the other casinos. The room was great and the view we had was the best I've ever had in Vegas.	
Oct 8 2009 	Room was fine and clean location is excellent parking is excellent.	Stayed 3 nights, all went well, cannot ask for a casino that is sized right and the best location on the strip, Get eggs and bacon breakfast at the Philadelphia Shop in attached mall for $6. We are not big gamblers, went to Binions downtown for some gambling, found $2 blackjack out at Hoover Dam. The Deuce was the best way to travel. Our next trip we will probably stay downtown, the strip is just getting too big, too much shopping.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best Buffet On The Strip	Treasure Island is a nice clean higher class hotel designed for all ages. There is something there for the whole family. The shows, animal attractions and arcades are fun for the kids. The rooms have wonderful views of the Strip and their nightly pirate show if you request one. The best part is their buffet. They have a selection of freshly made cuisine from Italian to Asian to American and my personal favorite the seafood and Sushi bar . The service is excellent and your personal requests made to order and then theres the incredibly delicious assortment of deserts all at a reasonable price!!I've eaten at many of the Strips buffets but this one was exceptional!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Location on strip	Stayed for 4 nights and had a fantastic time. Location is perfect. Walkway to cross strip is right at the hotel. Crosses over to Fashion mall where you can go each moring to get discount tickets for shows, dinner, buffetts. Great place to be.Hotel is clean, rooms are elegant. Excellent housekeeping staff and the buffett in the hotel was better than some others we tried. Best part was the location and the hotel bar. The Pirate show of course is a big attraction and it happens several times a day. The hotel gives Buy ne Get One drink tickets after each show for Kahunaville which is in the bar. The bartenders are great!Great Pool, Great location!	
Oct 8 2009 	Overrated hotel poor food at expensive restaurants you are better off going somewhere else!	This hotel is not worth all the promotions in the world that they are giving to try and entice people to stay. You are better off staying somewhere else!	
Oct 8 2009 	This is the place to stay	Just stayed two nights at Treasure Island. Check-in went smooth at 10:30am. Took about five minutes and I was on my way with room key in hand. My co-workers arrived at 5:00pm and said their check-in was almost twenty minutes. The room is modern, and the bed very cozy to sleep in. Overall the hotel is clean, staff friendly, and limited smoke smell on the casino floor. I would indeed return to Treasure Island.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Room but would stay elsewhere next time.	I arrived at 10am and was told early check in wasn't until 11am. I've been to a number of places on the strip and could always get a room when I arrived. The hotels there are not sold out, there is no reason to have to sit around and wait. The casino itself is very dark and unappealing to me. The room was great. Big, comfortable and very clean. I would stay somewhere else next time. Having to sit around when I was exhausted, wanted to take a nap and knew rooms were available totally put me off to this place.	
Oct 8 2009 	A Pirates Life For Me!	The staff was all very helpful and very nice. When we checked in orbits messed up our whole conformation and the woman upgraded us because she felt so bad! we got a perfect view of the show and were very high up. The rooms were nice but we were disappointed that there wasn't a mini bar! They have two awesome clubs and some good places to eat as well. The pool is where its at though we rented a cabana and lounged all sat i highly recommend getting one. And lastly the mystere is one of the most amazing shows I have seen. Defiantly a must see.	
Oct 8 2009	Trip of a Lifetime	My husband has never traveled or flown on a plane, so after alot of convincing we flew to Las Vegas for 4 days and 3 nights, we had the most enjoyable time on the strip, seeing Hoover Dam and Fremont street. The food was excellent and the Treasure Island will be worth staying at again. In fact we will be going back next winter.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good re-model great location fun hotel	The updated rooms in TI are a pleasant surprise, good bead and linens, flat screen TV, modern decor, and a good size bathroom, although the rooms themselves are not huge by Vegas standards. TI is now a hip, happening place - trying to attract the younger crowd I suspect. There is a fun and noisy pool area with a DJ, definitely aimed at adults. The casino is fairly standard mid-level Vegas, but the restaurants look good, and it has the essential Starbucks.Bonus points for really convenient parking if you drive there. We walked straight across the bridge from our car into the hotel.	
Oct 8 2009	Perfect!	TI is a great hotel. The casino is a little small, but it's still pretty good size. We tried the steakhouse restaurant. It was pricey but excellent. They did offer some fixed price meal options for any cost-conscious diners. We also ate breakfast every day at The Coffee Shop. Sometimes the service was a little slow but the food was excellent. We never did try the buffet but heard from our friends that it wasn't that great.Location-wise, TI was perfect for us. Being next to the Fashion Show Mall was a plus. There's an ABC store in there where you can buy some drinks to have in your room (beer, wine). The Walgreens across the street was helpful too for gatorade, etc.The pool is a little small and pretty quiet by Vegas pool standards. I think if TI was able to renovate their pool they'd have a true winner.We got upgraded without even asking to an Executive suite. It was awesome! Great view of the Sirens show below and the strip. The beds, OMG! They are so unbelievably comfortable. Be aware, only the suites have fridges in the room. Also, if you're traveling with friends, request to be on the same floor. They have elevators designated for certain floors that are key card activated. So, we had a friend that was on another floor that couldn't just hop on an elevator to come visit us in our room. We had to go down to the lobby and bring him up.We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great overall hotel center strip location Generous free room promotions	The TI is a great hotel if you gamble some and want to get future free rooms. I played a moderate amount of slots there once and since then they send me free room offers with freeplay and credit for food spa etc. 3-4 times a year. I do always try and play some each time I go to keep the rooms coming. Hotel is clean. Nice rooms. Good restaurants. Easy walks to fashion show mall, venetian, palazzo, mirage.	
Oct 8 2009 	an ok hotel for budget minded folks	Rooms are small and very basic, even the upgraded rooms on the penthouse level. Pool is small and crowded with old and/or spring breakers. But the hotel is centrally located and has easy access to the nicer hotels like the Wynn and the Venetian. If you plan on spending most of your time outside your hotel, stay here for the cheaper rates.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice property good value	On this our second trip to Las Vegas, we stayed at Treasure Island. The first stay was at the Imperial Palace and this is a HUGE step up in accommodation. We got a big room with 2 queen beds overlooking the pool. The mattresses were pretty soft but for 3 nights, we'd live. High thread count duvets over down comforters and 5 pillows for each bed were pretty nice. What ammeneties we missed, House-keeping sent up (shower cap, sewing kit, bath mat). The halls and elevator areas are tastefully decorated, it was quiet (I always worry that we'll be next to drunken revellers). The check-in area is spacious and they move people thru at a quick pace. The Coffee Stop (?) Restaurant for breakfast was very busy and it took a few times to get our order made to our liking (bitter coffee, cold waffles), but whaddayado? We appreciated the tram that connected us with the Mirage and the proximity to the Venetian and had no reason to venture beyond with area. We'd definately stay here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Treasure Island runs a tight ship!	The old standbys can be the best - a superb location on the strip, updated decor throughout, and attention to keeping things in top shape makes Treasure Island a fine destination. We have stayed other places in Vegas and thought that TI, as it has rebranded itself, was an excellent value. Casinos can be upbeat and they can be sort of deadly, and TI's was the former, a lot of buzz. Okay, the bar in the Casino was expensive, but if you gamble, you might be offered a free drink - standard operating procedure. And the food is good - the pizza restaurant (Francesco's) was upscale and had fabulous salads as well as thoughtful entrees, and generous glasses of well-chosen wine (Nebbiolo by the glass is nice!), and the bar by the pool had a great bartender with the right attitude. Easy free parking, lovely rooms with really comfortable beds, affordable prices for most things and a happy staff - we enjoyed our stay and look forward to returning. Vegas is the best place to fly into for visiting the parks of Southern Utah, so we begin or end our hiking vacations with a few nights here, and always find something new!	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Value	I picked this hotel after reading MANY reviews on just about all the major hotels in Vegas. We were extremely pleased with our stay. I had requested a room away from the elevators because of noise usually associated with them, however, we were very close to them, but never heard anything! We had a Jr. suite, which had 2 separate bathrooms, with separate closets...great! We also had a great view of the strip. The only negative thing I could say is that I wish the casino's were less smokey...I am not a big fan of smoke, and you have to walk through part of the casino to get to the elevators to your rooms. We had to extend our stay due to an illness and it was not a problem to keep our room an extra unexpected night and at the same LOW rate. We had room service breakfast and it was delivered promptly and hot....we did have to call down once because of something that was left off our order, but it was brought to us within 5 minutes. I would highly recommend this property.	
Oct 4 2009 	TI has changed but I found it to be better than Treasure Island	Well after 6 stays at Treasure Island we thought we would try the TI expeirence this time on our trip to Vegas. We are Vegas veterns with 14 trips in the last 9 years we always found Treasure Island as one of our favorites due to the size its nice to be able to get out of your hotel with out having to stop for breaks (example's are Ceasars and the Wynn which our both great resorts but a bit big for us). the only down fall we find at TI AND ONE OF THE REASONS WE STOPPED GOING THERE WAS THE FACT THERE WASNT A FOOD COURT. We tend to like to go up to the room at 8 every night have a bite to eat and relax before we go out for a few late night hours.the options of food there are bare for this we love canters Deli but its the only choice for take back to the room food and it can be pricey but trust me it wont break you. As far as the changes to the rooms there rooms use to be very nice and still are altough there upgrades found to be very classy and nice the room we stayed in was 36030 top floor with a great view of the strip we beleive TI MIGHT HAVE SOME OF THE NICEST VIEWS OF THE STRIP DUE TO THE CURVE ON LAS VEGAS BLVD BETWEEN THERE AND THE MIRAGE. We found the Buffet to be great the night we ate there we arent huge Buffet eaters but for the price we had a great meal with cotton candy to finish it off. We do have tog vie a few shout outs to the staff from the front desk to the maids on the 36th floor and the players club and the servers we found everyone very helpful if we needed a queston answered or just in general conversation. As far as shows we had seen mystere before so we wondered off the property to see a few others we, were smart enough to go see Jay white at the Riveria WHICH MIGHT HAVE BEEN ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS WE HAD EVER SEEN LAS VEGAS AND THE PRICE WAS WELL WORTH IT. We also seen George Wallace and this was our 2nd time seeing him and as the first time a great show. We had to try the Wynn Buffet and was not sad by that choice in a recent trip we tried the belligio and found the hype to be wel past what we got on our plate. If you get the chance go to the food court at the venitian and eat at Bella panini we found the sandwiches to be excelent. And pease if your a gucomole fan DOS CAMINOS IN THE PALAZZO WILL HAVE YOU DIPPING CHIP AFTER CHIP. ALL IN ALL TI WAS A GREAT PLACE TO STAY AND WOULD GIVE IT THE HIGHEST OF STARS	
Oct 4 2009 	Comfortable and Fun	Treasure Island is the perfect place to stay in Las Vegas. We managed to get a very cheap deal and the beds were the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in although the room was a bit dusty and grubby in places. Didn't really matter as we only used the rooms to sleep in! There are no fridges in the rooms but ice machines are located on each floor. The hotel is on the Strip and conveniently located with free car parking. Plenty of machines and games tables although we didn't gamble but interesting to watch! We tried a couple of the restaurants for breakfast and dinner in the hotel which were good and not too expensive. Walked miles each day as there is so much to see - Las Vegas is great fun! Saw Tom Jones at the MGM who was brilliant as were the Bellagio fountains and the roller coaster at New York New York.	
Oct 4 2009 	haste ye back	my wife and i stayed at t.i for her 50th birthday ,we checked in at 11.00pm and were in our room within 15mins .the staff were always pleasent and helpful,room was very nice and beds great ,we were that pleased with our break at t i that we are going back next year .from derek &amp; diane barclay ,dundee ,scotland	
Oct 3 2009	Fantastic hotel located in the middle of it all.	My brother and I were driving across country so we simply needed a convenient place to sleep and rest. We had one night in Vegas to check out the scene and this hotel was in the middle of the strip, which was great. We also got a screaming deal on the room (thanks, Hotwire.com!) so that made our experience even better.Positives:1) As mentioned, the location was prime. Among other sights along the strip, we walked across the street to the Mirage to see the free &quot;volcano&quot; show then down the strip to the Bellagio for the free fountain displays. 2) Free parking3) The Pho restaurant on the casino level was really good. I would recommend the rice vermicelli noodle bowls.4) The rate we got on Hotwire was fantastic.5) Our room was roomy, comfortable, had a partial view of the strip (facing south), and was incredibly clean and plush.Negatives:1) WiFi was expensive. There was no way I was going to pay the $17.95/day for internet access.	
Oct 3 2009 	Wonderful hotel fantastic value	Everything you you expect from a plush, Las Vegas hotel, and at an unbeatable price. Perfect location right on the strip. Very comfortable beds, and well-appointed, spacious rooms. Only complaint was drains in shower and hand basin, which were a bit slow-draining. Great variety of restaurants near gaming areas. Can highly recommend the Pho Vietnamese Restaurant, which served noodle soups to die for - simple, fresh ingredients, with beautiful flavours. Don't miss the Cirque du Soleil show (we saw La Mystere which was just sensational), but don't pay for the best seats - the cheaper seats are JUST AS GOOD and you won't get &quot;pulled&quot; from the audience to participate in the show.	
Oct 1 2009 	Fun hotel at a reasonable price!	Check in was okay - stroppy guy made us come and check in one room at a time when we had booked three together - but no major issue. The rooms were large and very nice - I think there was a recent refurb and this shows. The views varied massively - one room in our party was looking onto the Sirens show and another onto the freeway! The swimming pool is small and gets busy so if it's a pool holiday you're after, this isn't the hotel for you.It has a great casino and good shops / restaurants / coffee shops.Location is pretty good, although it is the last one on the busy part of the strip before you travel some distance onto Circus Circus.	
Oct 1 2009 	What a way to start our Holiday	Stayed at the TI with 2 other couples at the start of a fantastic holiday to celebrate one of the members 50th Birthday. Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and had a complete blast. We had fantastic views of the strip and the room set the standard for the rest of our holiday. Thank you to all at the hotel for making our trip get off to a great start	
Oct 1 2009 	Amazing price immaculate hotel!	We stayed at this hotel in July 2009 and were amazed at how clean this hotel was, how comfortable the beds were and how fantastic the staff were! I cant fault this hotel &amp; will definetely stay here again.Great location - Walgreens across the road which became quite convenient!	
Sep 30 2009 	Linda 	Just stayed at TI for 7 nights with husdand &amp; 15y old nephew . It was FANTASTIC we got every thing we paid for, booked a strip veiw room got it, two big queens beds got it, big bath room with plenty of room for us all got it .This was our third trip to vegas and this was bar far the best place to stay. Staff were great, rooms were great,maid service was great check in was fast and easy.This hotel has easy acess to the shopping mall plus easy access to the strip plus you dont have to walk miles to your room.We only ate at the buffet once and it was nice, we also ate in the cafe this was realy nice .We did go to see Mystere (if you get a chance to see it go its unreal) unfortunatly we were offered hlaf price tickets the night before we were leaving, this offer would of been nice within the first few days.We would highly recommend this hotel, and when we next return to vegas we will definatly be staying at TI.	
Sep 29 2009 	Very very nice	Yes, we travel to LV at least twice a year,so we do get pretty awesome comps.We first stayed at TI in 2005 for a wedding. It was Beautiful back then. We have stayed several places since then. But last April, we got a comp from MGM that included return flight back and (3) free nights, so we passed up another from TI for (3) free nights and 175.00 casino cash while we were there, along with several others. Upon arrival at MGM, we were given the free room but we were told that we would not get the flight return.After a long drawn out process and speaking to several managers, we were told the same thing. We DO NOT KNOW Why You Were Told This, But It Was A MISTAKE. Now they showed me in BLACK AND WHITE on their COMPUTER, where I was Entitled to that comp, but would not budge,even with all my paper work and theirs.At this time, I had my companion on the Phone with TI, seeing if we could still get our Comp Deal there. They were more than ACCOMMODATING to us, but stated that they probably wouldn't have the room until 3:00pm, but we could check in and leave our luggage. We canceled with MGM and went Directly to TI and checked in. They had a BEAUTIFUL ROOM for us and they even apologized for the problem at MGM. (TI), VERY SPECIAL PLACE.	
Sep 28 2009 	Loved it!!!!!	This was a last minute trip to Las Vegas, the price we paid was very good. Our room included two tickets to Cirque Du Soleil. The show was way better that I could have imagined. Cheers to the performers. The rooms were modern and big enough for the two of us. We didn't spend a lot of time in the room, but it was a nice room. The beds were really comfortable.The players club had some generous offers, they comped food and gave us free play money.The Kahunaville Island Restaurant &amp; Party Bar, was very good. I had the Alaskan king crab one night and a filet the next night. Both meals were very tasty. My husband had the New york both nights. All the staff that we ran into were terrific, especially our cocktail waitress from the casino, she remembered us and she knew what we were drinking. How's that for great service;)? We were in the casino Friday and Saturday nights. T.I. is centrally located, very easy to get around, within walking distance to the strip both north and south.Both check out and check in went smooth.We had a very good time. We will definitely go back. We can hardly wait:-)	
Sep 27 2009 	Great stay at TI!!	We just got back from our stay at TI, and it was great. We booked a great rate for 6 nights. We were checked in within 5 minutes of arriving in a deluxe room on the 12th floor with a great view. The rooms are modern and clean, and we had a great view of the strip. The pool is small compared to others, but during the week it wasn't an issue at all. Plenty of deck chairs and good drinks. On Friday however, we stayed away from the pool as it was very very crowded. We ate at the buffet and deli and both were good. It is in a great location with easy access to the fashion show mall, wynn, the venetian and palazzo, the mirage, etc. Perfect location for us! Only bummer was that the spa had closed for renovations so I went to the mirage for the services! I am a pretty picky traveler, and would highly recommend this hotel!	
Sep 27 2009 	Amazing	My fiance and I went to Vegas for our first time in March 2009. We booked our room at the Treasure Island hotel and got the Petite Suite. The room was FANTASTIC, best room I've ever stayed in. It had a posturpedic bed that was to die for, lots of space and 2 bathrooms (his and hers). Our view could see down the whole strip as well.The service we got was great, we ordered room service every night and the display table they give you was just like a restaurant, the menu could have been a little more diverse, but over all loved it. The spa was very nice as well, very nice people, looked great and had lots of different services that you could do as well as a work out gym.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great time but tight casinos	We just returned from our trip to Vegas for 5 days., The wedding at the Elvis wedding chapel was quite entertaining. All the casinos we entered were nice but tight.Treasure Island is a great place,easy to get around and all so friendly anbd helpful. Took awhile to get our room. We booked them months ago to adjoining rooms. We arrived around 3pm and rooms werent ready,he hotel clerk tried to get us into rooms on two different floors,.We told her we would just wait for the two non-smoking room king size bed rooms beside each other.She was a little brash with us and told us she didnt know how long it would take and couldnt give us a time. So right away Treasure Island hotel went to the bottom of our list since the hotel clerk was so rude. We waited about 45 mins and returned, ans asked if she could call the supervisor and see if one of the rooms were ready. She finally aslked her supervisor and it was another 40 mins and we had out two rooms beside each other. They werent adjoining with the door linking them together but were at least beside each other.The rooms were nice, the beds perfect and spotless. We didnt eat at the buffet, we always ate at the Cafe in the hotel one large meal for out day., The food was great., We always used the comps to eat so didnt cost us anything except the tip. You can order anything you want there is no limit. One day we even had the steak and shrimp plus dessert,, it was all comped. Just besure to get the players club card, the MGM card and you will be set to go.The place was sold out but tons of slots and tables to choose from. Of course all the slots were tight and it didnt matter which casino you went to they were all the same. even downtown.We had a friend staying at the Venetian across the street and she felt like it took her an hour to get the casino walking it was just too big.Treasure Island is very nice and I would go back to this hotel anytime.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Hotel Loved it!	Recently traveled with spouse to Las Vegas, We usually go around 3 or 4 times a year but hadn't stayed at Treasure Island. We have stayed almost everywhere, including the Bellagio and the Wynn. I have to say, I was impressed with the rooms at the TI. They were comparable to the deluxe rooms at the Bellagio at 1/3 of the price. The beds were to die for and the room itself was very modern and updated. The service was impeccable, very friendly staff. I have to complain about one thing though, we were there 3 nights and every morning around 8 am, the maid came by knocking on the door, then tryng to open it. It woke us up both mornings and since we had been up quite late nights, it was quite annoying and rude. Other than the rude maid, I recommend this hotel and will stay there again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Strip location	Stayed at Treasure Island for 3 nights and found the hotel to be good value. The advantage of the hotel is that it is not as big as some others on the strip, so you do not spend ages getting to your room. The hotel casino is a good size and not to large. The pool at Treasure Island is small but we found it was not to busy during our stay midweek. The best feature of the hotel is the location - close to the Fashion Mall, Caesars Place and the Venetian Hotels. The check in and check out was no problems and did not take long.The rooms in the TI were suitable for our requirements - the rooms were good and the view we had from the 15th floor of the strip and the pool was very good. Overall the TI was good value and the location was excellent.	
Sep 23 2009 	Just OK	At check-in we were informed the hotel was at full capacity and we were given a smoking room even though we requested a non smoking room. The clerk told us it's never guaranteed. He told us we could switch rooms the next night and gave us a complimentary bottle of champagne. That was good enough for us. The view from the room was TERRIBLE! Thank God it only had a faint cigarette smell. Of course, we probably wouldn't have noticed it after gambling all night. :) The next night in our new room was a totally different story! What a view!!!! Right down the strip on the 33rd floor. It was excellent. Nice room except there was what looked like a bloody mary spill on the bathroom floor. I sure HOPE that's what it was! GROSS! Also, our toilet was coming out of the floor. It slid around when you sat on it. Other than that, the room was nice. Casino wasn't so great. Food options not so good either. I wouldn't stay there again. There's too many better hotels there!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Price Great Views Great Location	Had never stayed here before, but decided to give it a shot due to the room rates. It turned out to be a great decision. My wife and I have now found our new spot when we come to Vegas. The rooms are priced very reasonably, and the view of the strip looking south is second to none. We enjoyed the fact that it was a smaller property because it was easy to navigate and had easy access to the strip. Also, the parking and front desk were both nearby. Having easy access to the mall, other fine properties nearby, and a walgreens right across the street were all added bonuses. The cocktail watresses were also attentive and came around frequently. This is another bonus to a smaller property. I never realized how much I hated wandering around the mega properties until I stayed here. I find it neither enjoyable nor convenient to walk a mile to your room or to get to the strip. We enjoyed the buffet for breakfast and felt it was a good value. I don't see the point in paying $12 for bacon, eggs, and coffee when I can pay $14 to get all of that and then some. Some people might be in to eating goat cheese and quail eggs for breakfast with six different kinds of cheeses from 8 different countries...that's not me. The food was good and I had no issue with the quality, though there were some things I didn't care for. I think that can be said for any place though? I've eaten in high end restaurants and middle of the road restaurants, and don't see the value in a $80 breakfast or a $700 dinner for 2. I don't mind spending a lot of money, but I don't like to just give it away. I always look at the value of what I'm getting, and if I can justify the extra money, then I'll spend it. Money is never the issue with me...value is.Isla was excellent, and I would recommend it to anyone. Pizzeria Franceso's was not worth going to even at half of the price. We did not eat at The Steak House.Overall, this place was excellent. So excellent that I just booked for next February. I don't usually write reviews, I usually just read them. But since we are going back, I started doing some research again, and remembered the great time we had last time. I was happy to see that most people had the same opinion of this hotel as I did, and was surprised at some of the peoples opinons that were disappointed. I think that some people have unrealistic expectations, expect perfection at all times, or just like to complain about things. Mistakes and accidents happen all the time. It's what the person or establishment does to fix it that really counts. I also don't expect to be treated like a king, just to treated with common courtesy and respect. Some need their ego stroked, which is part of what going to a &quot;fine&quot; dining or &quot;high end&quot; property is all about... paying someone to cater to you to make you feel special. Just my opinions. Not meant to offend anyone. We enjoyed the place, and will continue to do so, as long as the experience doesn't change. If it does, then there are many other places to stay at. I am always interested in see what people do to retain an existing customer vs what they do to gain a new one. These days, more companies are focused on the new ones and not with the existing. Not good business sense.	
Sep 23 2009 	GREAT HOTEL	Been to Treasure Island quite a few times - nice to see that the rooms have been updated - colour schemes - flat screen tv's - beds etc - the good thing about the T I is that it's so small compared to the other hotels - 5 mins from check to the room - everything at hand - Pool - Theatre - Food etc - Small Pool but good atmosphere - will be going back again next year	
Sep 22 2009 	excellent	I thought hotel was excellent check in quick and easy we arrived a day late due to flight being cancelled but no issues with reservations got keys to room straight away at 12.30pm. Room lovely views of the strip. The buffet at TI is very good. I dont understand some peoples reviews this hotel is in an excellent location clean and very comfortable and good value for money i think some people expect to much for what they pay. I would 100% go back to this hotel.	
Sep 22 2009 	Very Nice	Stayed at TI for 4 nights in September, arrived Thursday afternon about 7.00pm no line up at all to check in, we were given a strip view on their top floor which is the 36th floor. Room was nice and clean with a great view of the strip. The beds were very very comfortable. Would stay again.	
Sep 21 2009 	very nice hotel reasonable prices during the week	We stayed 3 nights and we really enjoyed ourselves. We had a great room with the view of the pool and the Strip.The room was very spacious, the beds really comfortable.Great pool area.a bunch of nice restaurants i nthe hotel. Very nice breakfast buffet.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location and value	Stayed at the TI for 30 nights and had a great time.Check in was quick and seamless and was given good advice about a room on the top (35th) floor with high ceilings and had a great view along the length of the strip.Room was clean and quiet with good facilities. As others have mentioned the blackout curtains wer very good.One disapointing area was the pool which was adequate to cool off but quite small.The pool area had very loud music playing all the time and live DJ at the weekend so not one to go to for a quite snooze by the pool.Overall a very good stay and would recommend.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Value and Strip Views	TI offers one of the best views of the strip in Vegas and I would highly recommend you request a room on the upper floors facing south to take advantage the beautiful sights. The room we stayed in was recently remodeled and as I read right here on trip advisor, the beds are, in fact, really comfortable. One thing that was missing was a refrigerator and coffee maker. That being said, TI still offers one of the better values on the strip.	
Sep 20 2009	Good hotel overall	I have just returned from 6 days in Las Vegas with my daughter. I am 49 years old and my daughter is 22. We booked the package with Expedia who were excellent throughout. We thought we should share our experiences:FlightsWe flew with Continental Airlines and can honestly say it was the best flights to the USA that we have had. We had to change at Houston but this only added on roughly two hours to the journey. All the flight attendants were polite and extremely hardworking and came round constantly with food and drink for us. Alcoholic drinks are quite expensive at $5 each. The in-flight entertainment was excellent, with 250 films to choose from including new releases, and 200 other programmes and music to choose from. The seats were extremely comfortable with lots of leg room.HotelWe stayed at the Treasure Island Resort Hotel which has an excellent location on the strip. Good points:  The casino is a good size  not too big and the waitresses do come round fairly often offering drinks The hotel rooms are spacious and very clean The Cirque de Soleil show at the hotel Mystere is definitely worth watching (you can get cheap tickets from Tkts Tonight which are located at various locations on the strip) The location of the hotel is really goodBad points: The hotel front desk and guest services desk staff were probably some of the most unfriendly staff we came across in the whole of Las Vegas. They were very unhelpful where we were trying to get to the Premium Outlet Mall and gave us completely inaccurate information Using the internet in the hotel business centre is a RIP OFF! We went to book in for our return flights home and it cost us $16 in total, including a $1 for every page we had to print out If you are looking for a pool to swim in then the TI is not for you. There are no showers at the pool and drinking in the pool is allowed so it is not the cleanest and had an oily film covering the water at all times. At weekends it is a real party pool with a DJ. However, the hot tub is large and cleaner than the main pool Food  We were advised by reviews previously on here to avoid the food at TI, which we did  there are many other hotels and restaurants outside of the hotel serving with really good food. If you want to grab a quick breakfast however the hotel does sell coffee and pastry in the bar at the casino for a couple of dollars Service in Kahunaville was extremely slowTransfersWe booked these with Expedia prior to our departure and they were organised with Bell Trans. We would suggest that it would be better to get a taxi as the transfers took nearly an hour as we were the last to be dropped off. A taxi would only take about 10 mins but make sure you say that you have visited Ls Vegas before when the taxi driver asks otherwise they take you the long way round!Restaurants/DrinksThere is a great variety of places to eat on the strip. For breakfast we ate a couple of times at Dennys which is located next to Casino Royale. This does lovely breakfasts for a good price. If you get the chance then go to brunch at the Mirage at the weekend it costs under $30 and includes unlimited champagne. We also ate at the Outback steakhouse and it was the best steak we have ever had. There are a couple of these steakhouses located along the strip. Casino Royale also did one dollar beers and marguerites.There is also a really good bar upstairs in the Venetian, just before you reach the canal. It has happy hour every night from 9pm to midnight and glasses of wine are only 5 dollars. The Monte Carlo hotel has a great pub which serves over 57 types of beer on tap.The pastry shop in the Belaggio (where the chocolate fountain is) also does great, huge ice creams for 5 dollars.ShoppingBought drinks, snacks etc at Walgreens. Went shopping in Fashion Mall and if you go to Guest Services at Macys you can get a 10% discount card on shopping. The best bargains were at the Premium Outlet which you can easily get to by catching the Deuce to the Stratosphere and then changing by Dennys. The bus drivers will help you get on and off at the right stops and it only takes about 30 mins to reach. We got a 7 dollar 24 hour pass for the Deuce to get there. GeneralIt was very hot, almost 104 degrees when we were there so always have plenty of water with you. The free Sirens show at TI was pretty dire but worth seeing, as was the fall of Atlantis free show at Caesars Palace. The Mirage volcano eruption every evening was worth doing and the lion habitat at MGM was also worth a visit. We did not get time to see the fountain show at the Belaggio but it is supposed to be worth a visit. We were extremely disappointed at Bills Gambling Casino as it had advertising permanently posted outside that Big Elvis would be playing every Monday to Fridays from 3pm to 7pm. We went along at 5.30pm on Monday and asked a member of staff where he would be playing that day. We were directed to a lounge area by the TV screens in the corner of the casino and ordered a drink while we waited for him to come on and do his last performance of the day. A couple near us asked what time he would be playing and was informed by the waitress that it would be 6.30pm. By 6.45 he had not appeared and another couple near us stated that they had been waiting to see him since 3pm but he had not appeared. It transpired that because it was the first football night of the season the casino had decided to show the games all day on the screens and had cancelled Elvis. Why was the event still advertised outside and why were we and others constantly informed by staff that he would be playing that day. I assume it was to keep us there to keep buying drinks while we waited.	
Sep 19 2009 	very good location 	they have new rooms, very close to the major hotels and a shopping mall...	
Sep 18 2009 	Fantastic!	I get to Vegas 3-4 times per year, usually stay at MGM Grand or Mandalay Bay. Wanted to try something different this time out in the middle of the strip. Treasure Island is now one of my perfered hotels. Arrived around noon on sunday morning. Check in was rather quick, about a 10 minute wait. Did the $20 sandwich and only asked for a strip view on a high floor. No problem, got a room on the 33rd floor with a fantastic view of the strip and the pool below. The room was great, very modern with a comfortable king size bed. It also featured a nice flat screen tv and clock radio with an i-pod dock. The bathroom was also very nice and large in size. My only minor complaint with the room would be the lighting in the bathroom. It's not very bright. The hotel loacation is fantastic with 2 shopping malls on either side and may of the newer hotels just a very short walk away. There's also a Wal Greens right across the street, that's a major bonus. The pool area may not be as big as many of the other hotels but it is nice and cozy. I had no problem getting a lounge chair to where I was able to relax &amp; enjoy the scenary. The hotel is easy to navigate thru and the staff is excellent. For the money and all Treasure Island has to offer, you really can't beat it. I without a doubt will stay here again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Deceiving and Poor Customer service	I had already paid a deposit 4 months before leaving to Vegas, when I arrived they asked me for the debit card it was used for the reservation. I explained to the front desk lady that since I moved to a different state I changed my account to a different bank so she said it was fine and to give her a different card. Upon our check out we paid the reminder of the balance and we checked out. Days later I check my account online and I see a charge for the deposit but I already paid for this months back.I called and the &quot;manager&quot; tells me that they credited my other card and they charged me without me signing anything that deposit.I told her my other account was not open anymore and that I was never told this, she basically called me a liar and told me that the practice this religiously, that there's no way the front desk lady made a mistake in not telling me what will happen since I did not have the card with me.I told her that I did not sign anything and that it was wrong for them to charge my card.She told me that is procedure. I told her that I was going to report the charge to my bank because I did not sign for that charge then she hang up on me.So I guess they have no idea how to resolve something so simple.The other issues were with poor service by staff, it seems they dont care.I saw less people in Vegas, and still they are not doing anything to get people to be happy and come back.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent Time At TI	We just got back from a three day visit on August 29th. The hotel was excellent. The rooms were large, nicely redone with plasma tv's. Just the right size of hotel as we did not get lost once. Not too noisey or smokey etiher. Great location as well, right by the Caesars mall, Wynn and Factory Mall right beside TI. GO to the Premium Outlets just north of TI for great buys. Also, Maggiano's in the mall right north of the hotel - 2nd level has exceptional italian food and very good prices. Waiter told us to have half order, that is what I just said and that was almost too much food. TI has an excellent pool area as well.TM	
Sep 15 2009 	A bit diasppointed	Pool area small, sun loungers too close together, elderly people trying to pull themselves onto loungers as there was no room between them to move, also pool was noisy at weekend had a DJ playing ( don't know if this is every weekend, we happened to visit during labour day weekend ). Not many members of staff on check in desk, at the most 3 even on a busy checkin ( although in fairness we had no problem checking in, we arrived at 2pm ).	
Sep 14 2009 	Great hotel	This was such a nice suprise! I didn't expect much from this hotel, but it was great! Our rooms were amazing, comfy bed and pillows, very clean. I definately would stay here again. It's very central, everything is close, including the mall in case you need anything or just need some retail therapy. The Christian Audigier Club looks cooler than it is, but still fun. The staff was great, except at the Kahunaville resaturant...they were a little sour...but anyways, it's a great place.	
Sep 14 2009 	Not bad for our first stay	This was our first trip to Las Vegas. We picked TI based on location and price. Overall we were very pleased. The pluses: Location!! Size of the hotel-realized how convenient it was to get around once we saw the mega-resorts like Caesars. A great bed with lots of pillows. Plenty of room. A hotel shower with water pressure-something we never take for granted. Drawbacks: Service: We requested a refrigerator at check-in. It took a day and a half and two additional requests before it arrived. The room was showing its age with some chips in the furniture and such. When the sun was bright (always) we could see the areas housekeeping hasnt dusted for quite a while.We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 13 2009 	The end of a long relationship! I'll move across the street.	We have been going to TI 2 or 3 times a year for over 12 years. Rooms and meals have always been comp'ed.We arrived around 2 PM on Sunday of Labor day weekend and our suite was not ready. No problem, we would get drink at the casino bar and play a little video poker. The casino bar was one of the best bars with high end booze, but not anymore. Something changed since last year, now you cannot get comped a Grey Goose. This was a major draw and we were willing to overlook other shortcomings.We played for an hour and went to check on the suite. Still not ready. We &quot;downgraded&quot; to a regular room and checked in.Our package included the suite and a $100 food credit but in past years they always picked up all the food charges. Not this time! Evidently along with raising the comp levels in the bar they also raised the requirements for food comps. We played the same as always and had 4 breakfasts ( $40 each) and one dinner in the steakhouse ($150). Before going to checkout the casino host agreed to increase the food comp from $100 to $160. However she forgot to enter it into the system so after waiting in line to checkout I had to go back to the casino host, wait 10 minutes in line, go through the process again and then return to the front desk and wait again!All computers in the business center were down so we could not get boarding passes in advance.I got food poisoning at breakfast and was sick all morning as well as during the 5 hour flight home. Not fun.	
Sep 13 2009 	Yo Ho Ho A Pirate's Life for Me!!	We just got back from Treasure Island and the &quot;teaser tour&quot; - 3 days flight + hotel. After reading mixed reviews I wasn't sure what to expect but I like to reserve my opinion until I've experienced it myself. Our package included the &quot;Petite Suite&quot; room and there was nothing petite about it! A king size bed, queen size pull out, two huge full bathrooms - one with a walk in shower, the other with a huge jacuzzi tub. I was in heaven - a bathroom each for me and my husband. We were already talking about how easy it would be to bring the family with us and have us all stay together. Room was immaculate and well maintained. The Sirens show was cheeky fun. The casino was very cool too, and while we aren't big gamblers, some of the machines are great fun. Next time we will just stay at our machines when we want to drink - free is much cheaper! All the employees we encountered were very friendly and helpful with one exception. Our first night there on the 9th, we went to have supper after a long trip in at Kahunaville, our food had just arrived and we were quite tired. A blonde middle aged woman with glasses showed up with a photographer and wanted to take our photo at the table as we were starting to eat. I told her politely no thanks we weren't interested and she huffed at my husband and told him that he should buy me another beer and flounced off. I thought she was incredibly rude and her comment was totally uncalled for.Other than that bad start - the food at Kahunaville was very good, there was a healthy portion on the plates, but be prepared because the drinks are expensive there. Bartenders put on a good show, and their &quot;Roc the Mic&quot; band was superb. Keep up the good work!!There is a Walgreens right across the street on the strip, and a discount ticket booth outside the &quot;Fashion Show Mall&quot; to the north of the hotel across the street - go there first once you know which show you want to go to, but give yourself plenty of time to get it and go because those vouchers have to be turned in an hour before the show seating starts. It is about a 10 - 15 dollar cab ride to go down the strip, or north to the Premium Outlet Mall.This was my first trip to Vegas, and I was amazed by the sights and the absolute &quot;excess&quot; of the place. We'll be back, and we'll recommend this place to friends. Fantastic!!	
Sep 12 2009 	Treasure Island is a TREASURE!	We recently stayed at TI for four nights in August. Hubby and I have stayed at this location in the past and have always enjoyed it, however, this was the first time we traveled with our 5-year old daughter. We didn't have someone to watch her during this trip, so we brought her along.When we checked in it was 10:00 AM and we were told it was too early to receive our room. However, the front desk agent could see our daughter was with us and suddenly found a room available! I had told her that we really just wanted to head down to the pool! It was great guest service and we appreciate it!We stayed in an Executive Suite as we wanted extra room for our daughter and the wonderful nanny we hired through Artsy Nannies. The nanny would be staying a few hours each evening and needed room to do crafts and conduct fun play time!The room was FANTASTIC! We had a private entrance with large double doors. Upon entering the room is yet another hallway with marble floors. There were two bathrooms, one with a shower and the other with a jetted tub. The living room was spacious and included a small fridge and extra storage space. The desk overlooked the strip and the window was from floor to ceiling. We had a view of the pirate ship, but it was difficult to watch the show from such a high floor.The bedroom was semi-private with a partial glass wall that seperated it from living room. The bedroom included a pull out flat screen television which was attached to the wall.The pool was wonderful! Crowded, but fun! There was a pool DJ on two of the days during our stay. I think it is a seasonal/weekend thing, so I wouldn't expect to see one on every visit. The pool servers are difficult to flag down, but our daughter won over one of them when she asked the server if she was a princess too. After that little discussion, we had great service and our daughter enjoyed her strawberry smoothy drinks! One thing I will say about the pool are is that it's small, hard to navigate through all the chairs, and there isn't much shade. Kahunaville bar hosts a pool bar as well, and their drinks are FANTASTIC! It has usually been our experience (with pool bars) to have horrible drinks. However, the long island ice teas pack a punch and they are so tasty!Our favorite part of TI is a small tequila bar called, ISLA. 21 and older only, and the front of the bar opens up to a view of the casino. The margaritas are outstanding, and my hubby and I consider ourselves margarita snobs. They have a HUGE selection of tequilas and the bartenders know their stuff! They are also very friendly and a lot of fun to chat with. This bar is one of the reasons my hubby and I continue to return to TI for vacations. The only negative experience we had during our stay was in the Coffee Shop cafe. The staff there is RUDE and lazy. Stay away from there if you can.It was a fantastic trip and was made even better because of Artsy Nannies! Thank you for your loving care and secure child care, in the safety of our hotel room. It is SCARY to trust someone you have never met to watch your child, and you exceeded our expectations! We will be using you again in the future!	
Sep 11 2009 	Great Place!	We stayed at TI for 3 nights and had a great time. We checked in at 2pm and they didn't have any standard rooms available so we got upgraded to a strip view room without even asking. I booked through the TI website and got tickets to Mystere included in the price (3 or more nights). The tickets were second row and the show was amazing! This hotel provides a nice clean room (nothing extravagant) which is great value for money and located in a great spot on the strip.	
Sep 11 2009 	What a Treasure!	We recently stayed at the Treasure Island for the first time. We were very pleased with the rooms. The beds were comfy, the linens clean and upscale. Very nice view and the price can't be beat. The check-in was fast and smooth. The pool and spa were okay.The casino is one of my favorites as it is on the smaller side and I have trouble walking. The machines were fun and paid okay. Parking was convenient and the handicap area was close for us.We are returning to this hotel again.	
Sep 10 2009 	Treasure Island is a good choice	I went to Las Vegas for a girl's trip. This is my fourth time in Vegas, my first time staying at this end of the strip. Treasure Island was a good choice for me. Check-in was easy. The maid staff was good. We had a view of Trump Tower out our window. I thought the room was a little dark for my taste, but the bed was super comfy. The tram is a great convenience to the Mirage. The store salespeople were very friendly and helpful in the hotel. The pool was the funnest pool I've been to yet in my travels. The DJ on Saturday does a great job. It was pretty crowded, but everyone was having a good time just &quot;chillin'&quot; in the cool water. There was a little girl that started doing a dance routine to one of the songs--so CUTE! We met some very fun guys from Pittsburgh on a &quot;guys&quot; trip our first night there. Good laughs!We went to the Peepshow at Planet Hollywood. We watched the Sirens show at Treasure Island--and since we were guests there, we got to be right in front. When they lit the fire--it was so hot in front I had to turn my head!! Awesome!I gambled a little and had a good time at the table. I liked the atmosphere at this hotel. I didn't feel like I was being trampled by crowds, but there was enough going to keep me intrigued. I was there in August, which may be too hot for some people, but I like it hot! I had a fun time, and I'm sure there will be a 5th!	
Sep 9 2009 	ti is a great hotel	Stayed here over Labor Day weekend. Arrived at 8:15am and checked bags with bellman. They had our room ready an checked us in at 11:00am. Room was great, 28th floor, panoramic view, very clean. Everything in the hotel was really easy to get to. Ate at the ti buffet 3 times, it was a little pricey, but the food was excellent. Pool area was nice although a little small. I will definitely stay here again, and would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 8 2009 	Fantastic Service and Location	My fiance and I checked in on Thursday evening (Aug. 27), and to our surprise, there was absolutely nobody in line to check in. Our front desk employee was very nice and quick. Upon mentioning the following day was my birthday, he put us on the champagne list and gave us a beautiful corner room on the 27th floor.Treasure Island's elevators are the best I have experienced in Vegas. They have different sets of elevators for different sets of floors. We never waited longer than 2 minutes for a ride.Our room was amazing. The bed is as comfortable as everyone says it is. There was a nice sized TV, nice working desk area, and lounge chair. It was easily over 100 degrees the majority of our trip, yet the room stayed cooler than we needed. Once we got into the room, we called for our free champagne and it arrived in less than 5 minutes. The bathroom is well appointed with marble floors and plenty of space to get ready. The shower had perfect water pressure and the bath tub was deep and spacious.All the staff in the restaurants, buffet, hotel, and casino were very pleasant to deal with. The location of TI is fantastic. We utilized the ABC Store at The Fashion Show Mall for booze, snacks, and water for the room. In total, it was about a 10 minute walk to that particular store. With the rate that we got, I would definitely stay here when I return.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Hotel right on the strip	Sorry it's taken so long to write this review. My sister and I stayed here on our travels in America way back in April. Room - I quite fussy about rooms but thought it was really clean and modern. We had a twin with two queens and you won't believe how comfortable the bed was. We paid extra for a strip view which was well worth it.Casino - It was our first time in Vegas and found that the casino at the hotel was a lot more friendlier than others and didn't feel quite as intimidated. The staff and service of drinks was really good too. Service at MGM and Bellagio was rubbish and has put me off staying at either.Location - Good. If you haven't been before I can only tell you to prepare your feet for the worst where ever you are staying. The hotels are huge. this one is right on the strip and perfect for nights out. We were two woman on our own and still felt very safe as there was so many people out walking up and down the strip. We used the metro quite a lot too and it was good value.Food - All the hotels are competing for all-u-can-eat breakfasts but the one at Treasure Island was really nice and good value. Definitely see the show. You get VIP viewing area if you stay at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again. We thought it was fab.	
Sep 4 2009	Great Location and Price; Service Lacking	My mom (60) and I (25+) stayed at Treasure Island last weekend, from 29Aug09 - 02Sep09. Overall, we gave the hotel 3/5 stars. One of those stars alone was based on location. The hotel is in a prime spot on the Strip. It is one tram-ride away from The Mirage (which was VERY nice), and in close proximity to Wal-greens, The Venetian, Palazzo, Ceasars, the Wynn and Encore hoels.Another plus for this hotel was the cleanliness of the rooms. The quality of the beds (real pillowtop) were fantastic. We booked our trip through Expedia, which was a good experience. Ground transporation went smoothly, check in and check out were seamless and the 2 free Mystere tickets included in the vacation package were easily provided at the hotel's box office (fantastic show, by the way). Okay, some negatives that we could not ignore: The restaurants and eateries in the hotel were just average and all of them closed early (10pm) with long lines. We were shocked that in Vegas of all places, the only place to get something to munch on at midnight was the overpriced hotel gift shop. We did not eat at T.I.'s buffet but can say that you can't even get food to go from the Coffee Shop. In all honesty, we spent most of our time (and money on food and slots) in the Mirage. The restaurants were better as well as the scenery.Some tips: Utilize the Wal-greens for decent-priced water, necessities, etc. Avoid the 18% gratuity charge and $5.00 room-service fee at all costs; If you dine at the Coffee Shop, get there with plenty of time to spare since seating takes forever; Take the tram over to the Mirage and try BLT (burger joint) and California Pizza for good prices- especially if you split a meal. Grand Lux at the Palazzo is fantastic with huge servings. If you get a good deal on this hotel, I would not pass it up. It is within walking-distance to EVERYTHING! We would stay here again if we got another bargain.	
Sep 3 2009 	TI versus Flamingo "GO"	We've now stayed at the Flamingo in their &quot;GO&quot; rooms and at the TI, so this review will compare the two to hopefully help someone who might be considering both. We stayed at TI for 3 nights Aug. 24-27th and really enjoyed it. Took the Greyline shuttle from the airport (a great deal at $6.50 one way, as a taxi is much more expensive due to it's location far from the airport). Were there in time for early check-in at 11am. There was quite a line, but it went amazingly fast. We hadn't booked a strip-view room, but after asking very politely were informed we had one anyways. Nice!The Room: Was big enough, but not as big as your typical non-Vegas hotel room. The deco was quite nice and relaxing, (different from the crazy, loud, colorful &quot;GO&quot; room at the Flamingo). We had a nice view of the Mirage, southwards Strip, and if we went to the window and looked down, we could see the pool, too. Our &quot;GO&quot; room had a gigantic wall to wall window which overlooked the fountains of the Bellagio, which really can't be beat as far as view goes in Vegas! Maybe I've been spoiled by that, but I also found the window at TI to be on the small side. There was a docking station/alarm clock for MP3 players in both rooms, but the set-up at the Flamingo was far superior.The Casino: The casino at TI is much bigger and more exciting than at the Flamingo. There are several themed areas in TI's casino, as well as many more machines and tables. We also had more fun just hanging out and playing the slots to get free cocktails at TI than at the Flamingo. Also, TI's players club offered us $10 in freeplay money just for signing up! The first night, we won our dinner money on that freeplay money. Sweet.The Pool: Like others have said, the pool at TI is on the small side, and tends to get quite crowded. You will not be swimming laps in this pool, (but is that really how you want to spend your time in Vegas?) We liked the ledge around the inside of the pool to lounge on, and there were lots and lots of sun chairs. It was over 100 degrees all 3 days of our visit, and unfortunately the pool felt like it was about 90 degrees. In that sense, it wasn't refreshing to go for a dip anyways. The pool at the Flamingo is probably the most beautiful in Vegas. It's part of a gigantic tropical paradise with waterfalls, live birds, and even a waterslide.The Food and Drinks: As far as restaurants and bars go, TI easily takes the cake over the Flamingo. We ate at the great La Isla mexican restaurant and had some of the best margaritas I've ever tasted. Didn't try any of the hundreds of exotic tequilas they have to offer, (but got enough free shots of Patron in the casino at the Mirage : )) The buffet in TI was also top notch! We went for lunch and really stuffed ourselves. One thing we found set it apart from the other Vegas buffets was that a lot of it is still prepared for you. You don't just go and slap the pasta and sauce onto your own plate. There are cooks behind the counter who make the pasta fresh for you, and mix the sauce ingredients however you want right then and there. Try the pumpkin ravioli in buttersauce with pine nuts and sundried tomatos. Awe-some! We didn't try any of the bars or nightclubs, but that's one thing the Flamingo is kind of lacking: a good variety of bars and restaurants, and they don't even have a nightclub, so to say. There's a nice variety at TI, including the new-ish &quot;Christian Audigier&quot; nightclub.The Location: TI has to it's advantage a bridge directly out of the casino which connects to the Fashion Show Mall. From there it's just one cross over another bridge to the Wynn. Just out of the lobby is another bridge which connects directly to the Palazzo, which houses a Walgreens right on the strip. Also, there is a neat tram which goes from inside the TI to the front door of the Mirage. It's almost like having one, big, combined resort because you only need to take a few steps outside to get from one to the other. We considered it a big advantage. We are very active people, and even in the 100 degree heat, we still managed to walk all the way down to Mandalay Bay, stopping in the air conditioned casinos along the way, of course. However, it is quite a walk, and if you're not used to walking a lot, then it's quite far. The Flamingo is much more central on the strip, and walking down the the Mandalay Bay or up to TI from there is much more managable. I would give the Flamingo more location points, but TI has a lot going for it with the bridges and Mirage tram.Free Entertainment: The Sirens of TI show is very popular, but as most people have said, pretty aweful. That has nothing to do with the cast; they're trying their best, the show itself is just a stupid concept and poorly written. Nonetheless, it is free, ends with some fireworks and pyro effects, and takes place 3 or 4 times a night. It gets REALLY crowded, so get there early, even if you have access to the VIP area with your TI room key. We went out 20 minutes before show begin and it was already packed to the rafters. Grab a free drink from the casino before going out and you'll be fine. The Flamingo has no free entertainment like a big show with sinking pirate ships and dancing P. Cat Doll wannabe piratesses, but they do have the beautiful tropical paradise, with a free &quot;meet the birds&quot; type presentation most mornings where guests can learn about the habitat and ask the bird specialists questions.All in all, TI was a great place to stay. It had the right amount of &quot;cool&quot; feeling, without feeling too &quot;snobby&quot;, like some of the other higher end resorts in Vegas. We would pick TI over the Flamingo again because of the fun we had there, the great restaurants, larger casino, and the &quot;cool&quot; factor which was missing for us at the Flamingo. We will most likely stay someplace totally new next time we go to Vegas, just for the variety, but between the two, we liked TI better.One more insider tip for Vegas visitors. The best of the &quot;Cirque&quot; style shows, hands down, is &quot;Le Reve&quot; at the Wynn resort. We even saw it twice, we were so amazed! Don't be fooled by the fact that it doesn't wear the &quot;Cirque&quot; name. It blew &quot;O&quot; out of the water, (pun intended). If you only see one cirque show in Vegas, make it Le Reve!!!Feel free to contact me with any further questions.	
Sep 2 2009 	Generally looked like a clean hotel until we found dirty linens	Our stay at Treasure Island was very pleasant and up to par until our last day. My sister an I had checked out of our room at around 11:30 am and proceeded to spend the rest of the day at the pool since our flight didn't leave till 9 pm. 2 o'clock rolls around and my sister realised that she was missing her wedding band, it was still in the room.......eeeeeeek! So we decided to head back to the room to see if the room keys still worked in order to find her wedding band! The keys worked and we found the wedding band as well, but what we also found out was almost nauseating. The room was cleaned and set up for the next vacationers but one thing was clearly not changed, THE BED LINENS.......SIIIIIIICKKKKKK! There were old stains on the sheets from our stay that we noticed, DISGUSTING!! What if our sheets weren't cleaned before we stayed there, does that mean we were sleeping in someone else's filth???? Anyway, we informed the front desk and they appologized but it hasn't changed our opinion towards the hotel cleaning service. Will I ever stay there again? Probably not. For you travelers that are planning on staying there our have already booked the hotel, I just recommend checking your sheets to make sure they were cleaned. Other than that, the beds are super comfy and the rooms are very nice.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good location Great value.	I took my two sons ages 12 and 14 for short 3 night trip to vegas and have to say I was pleasant surprised that this hotel was at least as nice as the MGM and a better value. I found the rooms nice, the location perfect for shopping and seeing the sights. I did find the pool quite small and was pretty packed so that was the kids only complaint. I would have like to have seen security at the elevators at night but none were seen during our stay but we had no problems.	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect Stay!	Had a wonderful 7 nights at this hotel. Loved our room, the pool, and atmosphere! Great place. Speedy check-in and friendly service. Only problems were:1. The service from the bell boy. We asked him a question, he wasn't all that interested in helping us and answered the phone when it rang, basicaly ignored us from that point on. 2. Kahunaville. Would not recommend this restaurant. Was ill one afternoon from the food. Stay away. We would most definetly stay at this hotel again. We had a blast and loved the location!!!	
Aug 31 2009 	awesome time in the city that never sleeps	first off just wanted to thank many of the previous posts for the positive reviews and tips as it definitely made the stay even better. went with a friend both 22 years old from toronto,canada. were there between august 26th and 30th. we booked through expedia back in july and got 4 nights and free mystere tix. the location of the hotel is truly incredible and on a nice part of the strip. we got to the hotel at 11am and were able to check in right away. we kindly asked if we could get a room high up with a strip view and were given a spot looking over the strip and pirate show from the 32nd floor NO CHARGE!! solid start to the trip right there. the walgreens was helpful for water and some snacks when walking down the strip as the heat is intense and the fashion mall was good for food as well as alcohol. (go to the ABC for the latter) selection is weak for beer as they don't have many choices for packs larger than 15. but the wine,vodka etc selection was very good. also depending on how far you want to walk down the strip there's a mini mart and 7-11 past planet hollywood. the room we were given was really nice, modern as most people stated below and very clean. the pool was a great place to head to in the afternoon as they had a DJ, friendly bar staff, and a very large area of seating. the pool is about 5 feet deep and has built in seating to relax inside along the edges. the crowd was pretty mixed but on the younger side between teens to 40ish. not sure why so many people that reviewed it are so bitter about it as it's meant to be a relaxing area not for swimming laps or having to themselves. it's a hotel and it's hot as hell. The Mystere show was amazing we managed to get seats that were second row from the stage. if you get a chance to get tix definitely check it out as you won't be disappointed. just before the show was about to start some woman with her boyfriend puked into her popcorn and then passed out for the entire show. Don't do that! hahafor dinner: we tried out the pizzeria by the casino which was nice and had good prices as well, did room service one night before heading out which worked out nicely as well and the prices were reasonable. canter's deli was a disappointment overpriced and nothing special. for most of the other meals we survived on subway and denny's. casinos: there are so many it's hard to keep track. the TI one is nice and is a really fun time after a night out around 3am with all the party goers. encore, wynn, bellagio, venetian and planet hollywood were extremely nice and had a nice atmosphere of people as well. at the tables or wherever you decide to play you can get free drinks which was sweet and you could walk on the street with them and into other casinos. walking the strip is exciting and a lot to take in. heads up warning for first timers there's a crazy amount of mexicans that flick porno cards at you. sketchy business but it's vegas so it seems like anything goes. 'the deuce' was really helpful as it does only cost 7 bucks for 24 hours or 15 for a three day pass. we checked out fremont street as well which is a whole lot different from the strip as it's the older area in the downtown part of vegas. about a 15 minute bus ride from TI but well worth the trek at least once. we checked out a place called Binion's and while you played blackjack the dealers were in bikini outfits and girls danced around a pole. you definitely won't find that on the strip. GREAT TIMES!clubs: we went to LAX on wednesday at the Luxor which is apparently the best place for the night and it was packed and a lot of fun. we tried getting in TAO on thursday and it was chaos so we decided to check out the Palms which has ghostbar, moon and playboy. once you check into one of them you're able to go to all three. playboy is lame as it's just a casino with playboy bunnies as dealers but ghostbar and moon are really cool as they're way up on the 53rd floor so you can party and look out over the strip. friday we tried out XS at the Encore. this place was unbelievable! it felt like you were at a resort on the inside. costs 50 to get in but well worth it for a night you won't forget. if you're planning on going go for around 9pm and once inside you can get a stamp to allow for re-entry. we did this and headed back to the hotel to continue pre drinking and gambled for a bit, won the entry fee back :) and headed back around 11 when it was busier. on saturday we got in VIP from some promoter on the street to go to JET at the Mirage and beat a lineup that was over 2 hours long. very good time there as well. don't bother getting passes from promoters on the street during the day as most of the time they can't be used. unless you will be walked to the front of the line and inside the club then go ahead with them. overall if you're planning on going go early especially on weekends as it's crazy busy everywhere. a website that helped with everything is called JACKCOLTON.COM especially for nightlife.Overall amazing trip and highly recommend TI for your adventure. can't wait to go back!P.S. the girls in Vegas are INCREDIBLE! have fun :)	
Aug 30 2009 	Perfect choice for us...	TI was the perfect choice for us--not the place to stay if you want to be pampered and catered to, but a great location in the middle of the strip and across from the fancy hotels which you can walk around for free--especially loved visiting the Venetian without having to pay the extra money to stay there! Rooms were nice, casino was decent, bed was very comfortable, price was great for location, guest services was helpful with transportation--tip from them--save your feet and ride the Deuce, the bus that runs up and down the strip--$3 one way, $7 for 24 hour pass--but it doesn't give change, so be ready. Also loved the tram to the Mirage, and the Walgreens right across the street to load up on water and snacks. Tip--As a hotel guest, you can stand in the &quot;VIP&quot; section of their free nightly show &quot;Sirens of TI&quot;--but don't bother with this show--especially if you have kids with you. More fun to head down to the Bellagio to watch the fountain show.	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice Hotel at Budget Rate	We've stayed at many hotels in Vegas, but never Treasure Island until this last trip. Their room rates were very reasonable, so we decided to give it a try. We arrived around 10:00 Sunday morning and were given a room on the 35th floor overlooking Trump Hotel and north strip. We had to use our room key in the elevator to access our floor. The room was smaller than most Vegas hotel rooms, but perfectly adequate. It had been recently updated and looked just like the pictures on their website. Yes the bed was comfortable, but it didn't impress me as much as other reviewers. The pillows were too big and firm for my comfort. But there was plenty of storage and the bathroom was good size. Lighting was dim even in the bathroom, although there is a lighted makeup mirror. The blackout curtains are the best I've experienced ever -- you could darken the room in the middle of the day.The spa was closed for remodeling while we were there, but they offered in-room massages and facials. The only restaurant we visited was the coffee shop for breakfast one morning. Food was decent, but the bill was $45 for two eggs-and-bacon breakfasts with orange juice. Housekeeping was very good. We tipped each day and they responded right away when we needed something. All employees we encountered were very pleasant, especially valet. We didn't play too much in the casino; had more fun and better luck elsewhere. Overall, this is a nice hotel if you get a good price. I didn't find the casino particularly inviting, but the location makes it easy to gamble and eat elsewhere. Good location. Nice rooms and decent amenities.	
Aug 30 2009 	total and utter disgrace	Travelled to vegas to stay in the TI from ireland with 5 buddies for 12 nites for what was to be a dream holiday,checked in on the friday evening into 3 double rooms got unpacked and changed for a nights entertainment-we all took enough money for the night and the put the rest in each safe located inside wardrobes..Nxt morn when the 2 guys in 1 room went to open their safe the code they had used wud not work,confused they foned frontdesk who sent security up to open the safe and see that thier moneys was missing-$4900 between them,2 suits then came up and with not being helpful stated that the hotel was privately owned and they would investigate the incident themselves but we can still go to police station if we want!!! when we asked cud we see camera footage they said they cud not disclose that info and that they cant even say wether or not they had cameras in coridors!! After 3 days of borrowing money of the rest of the group the hotel decided that this was not thier fault and were wiping their hands clean off it,, with no alternative the guys phoned virgin atlantic who obliged to fly them home the nxt day a full week b4 end of holiday!! on spkn to staff i was informed that that fri of the incident they had no-one at the elevators checking keycards because they were shortstaffed and that incident is pretty common in vegas hotels..us 4 guys still stayed the remainder of hols but the trip was ruined cos of what is obvious to see an inside job..	
Aug 30 2009 	20th Anniversary	Very very nice hotel, perfectly located in the centre of &quot;The Strip&quot; and so much nicer then the very very large hotel complex's also in Las Vegas that you could easily get lost in. We were given a lovely large room on 15th floor that had a beautiful view of the pool and also down the strip in the direction of the Paris, MGM etc. I enjoyed our stay here greatly, my only grumble being the foul stench of cigerette smoke that filled your lungs the second you walked into the casino floor. This was the same with every hotel we looked at, and every casino not just Treasure Island.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Hotel great experience	WE chose the hotel for the location , which a friend told us was great. They were right. It is in the middle of the best area of the strip across from the Mirage, The Venetian and the Pallazzo. Great to walk around in this area, very safe. Also handy that Walgreens is across the street. The size of the casino, in Vegas terms is small, only 2900 rooms. If you can consider that small. It allows you to get around very easily, we went into some of the bigger hotels and it could take 15-20 minutes to get to a restaurant or the pool or the casino. The room was very clean and very modern, I think they just renovated all of the rooms. We asked to be accomodated with a friend and it was no problem and we were given the 32 floor. (TIP: If you are expecting a strip view, ask at the check in, and expect an extra fee, but we didn't and the view of the mountains was great every morning as we did not spend too much time in the room looking out of the windows.)We read about issue with check in, and yes there was a long line when we went in to check in, but they moved very quickly, and efficiently and after all checked in approx. 100 people at 11:00 am even though the official check in time was 3:00 , so kudos to the staff at the front desk.The Cirque show , Mystere, was great and is cheaper than some of the other shows and well worth the money.Some restaurant info, we never ate at the hotel, as we chose to look around and found a couple of great spots. The Grand Lux in the Pallazzo, across the street, offered great food, large portions and is located in the in the casino. Also the California Pizza place in the Mirage was a God send at midnight , one night. Great food and great value. Also for breakfast we went to the Starbucks at the Fashion Mall daily, it is cheaper than one in the hotel and it has an outdoor sitting area that is great in the morning.All in all, this was a great hotel and would easily recomend it to friends and family.Kerry	
Aug 29 2009 	Great room great view..... far exceeded expectations :)	No line at check-in, tiper $20 and upgraded to a strip view rom on 28th floor (rather than mountain view room we booked). We had a fab view of the strip.Room very clean, tipper maid the first day and asked for extra shower gels... were left loads and extras left each day too. Great view room too. No noise from neighbours or hallway.Very comfortable bed.Would defo stay again. Pool very nice but a little crowded. No porn slappers outside this hotel... defo the nicest area of the strip!!	
Aug 28 2009	Beautiful hotel and casino	This was a great place for my first stay on the Strip. From the moment I entered the hotel registration area, which was designed with large windows that allow outside sunlight to flood the lobby, I knew I was in for something special. Rooms are superbly decorated. Nice metal ice buckets. Stylish lamps. Even the bath soap is terrifc. As a non-high roller, I was assigned a room on the back part of the hotel, but the view of mountains and the city lights was still very nice, especially as the sun went down. (I'd post some pics but I'd rather not just give them away to TripAdvisor.)To correct what someone said earlier: online access is actually extraordinarily cheap. You can get wireless service for $7. I've never stayed in a high rise hotel that had internet available for so little.	
Aug 27 2009	Mystere and Room Package - a huge disappointment	We didn't even make it. This is a review of how the published hotel promotions are not clearly communicated within the hotel. I booked online for the Mystere and Room Package for 5-8 October. The dates were clearly marked in the calendar as promo days and the system allowed us to book it. It said in the terms that I needed to call room reservations in advance to confirm that I am eligible for the promotion, before they will transfer me to show reservations, so I did, calling long distance from Singapore. Spoke with room reservations who confirmed that I was eligible and then transferred me to show reservations. There, I was informed that Sept 29-Oct 7 were blackout dates for the promotion. Imagine my disappointment, after being allowed to book online for the promotion and speaking with room reservations about it. Promptly cancelled my reservation and I should be getting my deposit fee back in 3-5 business days, hopefully I do.	
Aug 26 2009 	Fun time!	After browsing through travel deals online, I finally settled on Treasure Island at $119 per night (fourth night free). I was a little nervous after reading mixed reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. We arrived at TI at 10:30 AM and were allowed to check in fifteen minutes later. We received a room on the 28th floor above Sirens Cove, with a decent view of the north end of the strip (without paying for a strip view). The room was a good size and both our requests (two queens and non-smoking) were met. The bathroom was also a nice. The pool was medium sized and there were always many seating options available. We're not really gamblers, but the casino seemed to be pretty nice as well. The hotel has an excellent pizza restaurant and Ben &amp; Jerry's, perfect for late night snacking. Treause Island also has a decent location, in the vicinity of The Palazzo, The Venetian, and The Mirage. Overall, we were very satisfied with our stay here and would definitely choose TI again.	
Aug 26 2009 	I will never go back to this hotel	Never stayed here before and never will again. Terrible from start to finish. Had to ask when checking in how to get to my room. Got stuck on 7th floor right above the fireworks for their outdoor show. Food at the place was bad except for Pho which is an outside company. When I went to get help with my plane ticket found out the consiarge service goes from 8am to 6 pm Mon thorugh Fri and 8 am to 5 pm on Sat and Sunday. Not much help. Casino offers 10 dollars &quot;free&quot;, but failed to explain you have to pay $10.00 before you get your $10.00 &quot;free&quot;. Only good thing in the whole place was the tram to MGM Mirage and the great staff in the hotel's poker room.	
Aug 26 2009 	Superb bed...	Great rooms, great bathroom, great casino, great hotel...would recommend anytime...	
Aug 26 2009 	Hard to find the good points	Despite booking 6 weeks in advance, our booking of a non-smoking King bed room couldn't be provided and we were put on the smoker's 36th floor. The high floor gave no benefit other than a high ceiling and a slightly better view through the narrow window.As mentioned by others, there was no fridge, no coffee making facilities and unusably expensive internet ($60 an hour).The location is too far north on the strip to be central to very much. And the restaurants were really unimpressive compared to the other local hotels. Even the casino is unappealing, with low ceilings, poor ventilation and one of the most uninviting poker rooms around.The pool area is small, with smoking allowed everywhere. Not to mention the oily sheen on the surface of the water, showing an underequipped filtering system.	
Aug 26 2009 	Nice stay	We stayed here for 2 nights on 16th and 17th Aug, we were actually in Vegas for 2 weeks and had a timeshare down West Tropicana, but wanted to have the experience of staying in a strip hotel with a strip view. We got exactly this staying on the 33rd floor overlooking the Mirage volcano and a magnificent view of the strip. However personally we hate only having a room, and not the luxury of a kitchen with all facilities. After saying that I knew what to expect as this is what you get staying on strip. The room was lovely the hotel not too big to get around unlike other hotels (MGM was so huge and dark, I wouldn't want to even think of staying there) the pool area was nice although very limited for shade, you had to chase it around the strategically placed trees !! We ate in the buffet restaurant one day for a late luch $16 per adult, the food was ok and the desserts excellent. All the other restaurants seemed very over priced. You get a special viewing area for the sirens show if you are a hotel guest, the show is pretty average but its free, and not as raunchy as previous reviews said, well not in my opinon anyway, my 12 year old son is easily embarrassed, but it didn't worry him. On the whole I think the location is great and Walgreens across the brideg on the other side of the road is handy. 2 nights was enough for us on the strip, but we enjoyed TI enormously and would recommend it, we visited most of the big hotels and were satisfied with the choice we made based on location price and the nice bright and clean hotel and casino area	
Aug 23 2009 	Very nice stay at TI	Started out a little iffy when there was a long line to check-in on a Saturday afternoon and just three desk clerks. But the folks were very friendly, and good enough to warn that the maids start at 8 a.m. and to put the do not disturb sign out if you want to sleep late. Asked for a coupon book and was told there weren't any, which is unheard of in LV, especially these days when the town is empty.Room was spotless and quiet. It was in the back overlooking the highway toward the mountains. Like many rooms in town it's very dark and lacking in lights. Also lacking in electric outlets. No coffee maker or fridge, but that comes with the territory here.Beds were extremely comfortable with good pillows. TV had a very limited selection, since they want you downstairs, not in the room. Self-park is very easy and not too bad of a walk to/from rooms. Internet comes at a price; having a car and not wanting to spend all week online, we took the laptop twice to the nearby Clark County libraries, which offers free wi-fi to all.Didn't eat at any of the TI restaurants, since the lack of coupons was really a turnoff. Used the TV checkout option to avoid any lines on the way out. You can view the bill on the TV to make sure it's OK.Overall, a fine place. Not as great as NYNY, but easier to navigate than MGM and a helluva lot better than crummy Bally's. For the right price (sign up for their e-mails), it's a good choice.	
Aug 23 2009 	There is NOTHING wrong with this hotel	My husband and I just got back from TI. We had a 3 night stay on the 34th floor in a corner strip view room. The room was perfect. No there are no coffee makers or microwaves, but it's Las Vegas, they don't want you to stay in your room. The room had a great view of the strip and the pool. We could see the volcano at the Mirage and the Bellagio fountains. The bathroom was a nice size with a very large tub, big enough to soak in. There were ample toiletries that smelled just fine and wo rked great. Nice large TV and a comfy bed were also great. We have stayed at Wynn, Venetian, NYNY, The Hotel at MB, Luxor and Bellagio. While TI is not quite as 'stuffy' and 'fancy' as Wynn &amp; Venetian, it's a great place to stay. The casino is well appointed and easy to navigate. TI has a great location and a great hotel. This hotel offers alot for the money. With the money saved staying here, a 'splurge' on a $3 coffee is no big deal. And yes, they charge for internet, so does everyone else in Las Vegas. Who cares? I'm not going there to stay in my room on the computer.Don't listen to the bad reviews about this hotel. It's a great deal, a great location and it made for a great trip. We will stay here again.	
Aug 22 2009 	lousy	The hotel was clean,but hasn't any perks in the room.No small refer,microwave,and especially a small coffee pot.A small coffee down stairs was $3.50 and that was from a machine,yuck!The internet service is outragous at $1:00 per minute!!On the last day the maid awaken us at 8:00 a.m. to clean the room even though the check out time is 11:00 a.m.I would recommend that you stay off the strip and travel by bus.The people that run the Vegas strip now are true sponges,and everything is over priced.We rented a car and toured the country side for two days,that was enjoyable.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in August in between a trip from San Francisco and Los Angeles. We arrived at the hotel at 2pm with a small que for check in which went quickly we were greeted by a helpful man who asked us if we wanted to leave a credit card for incidentals, we declined this was fine and as the room was all paid for we were set to go and were assigned a room on the 25th floor. Rooms were very clean, tidy and spacious. Furnishings were all new and the beds were heaven to sleep on! Bathrooms were a very good size, clean with a great bath and shower. The toiletries left are from the hotels spa WET and they were very nice and replenished each day. The hotel its self was great nice size casino which I never lost in! nice restaurants. There is easy access to the Fashion show mall which is across the road with a direct walk way and Mirage hotel next door which is connected by tram which I think runs until 12 at night. Location was great with the Wynn, Venetian across the road and Caesar's Palace a few hotels down on the same side. My experience here was great and if I was to go back to Vegas I would not hesitate about staying here again but would like to try the Wynn!	
Aug 21 2009 	Great bed! Great room!	Their bed is THE most comfortable bed i've ever slept in at a hotel. The room and bathroom were very clean and spacious. The hotel overall is great. Wonderful spot so no need to take your car to visit the other hotels on the strip.	
Aug 20 2009 	Lacking luxury for this price you can probably do better	I stayed here three nights, four days for a conference at the Venetian. The Ventetian conference rate was ridiculously high so I compromised and stayed at the TI. Since the economy is in the tank Vegas is pretty quiet these days and a little sad. I was here on business so it was a necessity and not a pleasure trip but it was sad to see the empty poker and blackjack tables and quiet slot machines. I've visited Vegas in better days and it was always loud with the large crowds and chiming slot machines, a more festive atmosphere. I was just looking for an elegant room to retire to after a long day at the conference. I was disappointed that there was NO HBO or Cinemax, just basic cable??!! which is TOTALLY unacceptable, even the Holiday Inn gives you HBO!!! Another disappointment was the toiletries which were cheap and abrasive and smelled bad. If you are paying over $100 dollars a night I think some decent shampoo and conditioner are in order. This stuff looked like it was dish washing detergent. Although there were far fewer people in Vegas and far fewer people at this hotel/casino there was TERRIBLE service at the TI restaurants. I waited FOREVER just to have someone offer me water and take my order at the lame Thai style restaurant in the Treasure Island. I was completely unimpressed with the eating options at the Treasure Island. I frequently ate at the Venetian and even saw chef Mario Batali at his restaurant in the Venetian(!!!). Maybe it has to do with the bad economy but I expected a little more glam or luxury from the TI. The room was clean and comfortable but lacked the little something more that you expect from a better hotel/casino. The location is a good one, not too far from a huge shopping mall, across the street from a Walgreens which is convenient if you forgot to pack something or want an inexpensive snack. The TI is right next to the Mirage, Venetian, Wynn, also you have a great view of the Vegas strip from a walkway that connects the TI to the Venetian. Not a lot of entertainment options at the TI, the pirate show was cancelled when I was there due to a small breeze (in Vegas!), they said the conditions were too dangerous.	
Aug 18 2009 	TI is a great value clean and updated	My wife and I went to Vegas for the first time with my in-laws who have been to Vegas several times before. TI was a great value for meals, close to attractions, was clean and updated and there is a large area of gaming for all to try. One plus is it is right next door to the Fashion Show mall and is within 1/2 day's walk to the biggest strip attractions. If you want to rent a car get there early as they only had one agent manning the small kiosk but this was convenient for our quick ride to the Hoover Dam. I would recommend this place for those looking for a good value for a new hotel. The only thing I noticed was the pool was way overcrowded and had loud music playing several days throughout the week so this would probably turn off those folks looking for some quiet pool time.	
Aug 16 2009 	Loved it!	My wife and I traveled to Las Vegas from OKC on 8-7-09 (Friday) through 8-10-09 (Monday). We booked at TI for ~$360 for 3 nights through the TI website. We normally book a package through Priceline.com when we travel to Vegas, but the hotel's website offered free Mystere tickets with a 3 night stay and the rates were the same that we found on wholesale websites. Our centered around some friends one of which was having his 30th birthday.We landed and got our rental car (Full Size for $25/day which we named our price on Priceline.com) then proceeded to TI for check in. Got to the hotel at about 4:00pm and the check in line was about 30 people deep, but only had to wait about 15 minutes. There was a slight mix up when we checked in with our room however. The front desk clerk booked us into room 25086 but wrote 25089 on our room key holder. We got to what we thought was our room only to find that our key wouldn't work. I called security from the phones on our floor near the elevator and they came right up and corrected it for us without us having to back down to wait in line at the front desk again. The security guard was extremely nice and very fast in correcting the mix up. We enjoyed our stay very much at TI. My wife and I have stayed at numerous properties in Vegas both on-strip and off-strip. TI was, by far, one of the nicest we have stayed at. All of the personnel at the hotel were extremely friendly and quick to help. Our room was very clean and well stocked with products (Shampoo, Conditioner, Lotion, various soaps...all from their in hotel spa). I can't say enough how comfortable the bed and linens were! My wife and I actually inquired with the front desk upon check out who they purchased their beds from. Overall we would recommend this property to any one who asked and would stay there again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great if you get a good rate...	booked this for $58.00 a night and got a free upgrade to a strip view. room was very nice though a little unkempt when we first entered. tipped the maid and was spotless after that. pool was pretty crowded, drinks poolside a little weak. All staff was great. my biggest complaint is that I almost had to beg for beers at the sportsbook while playing the ponies all day for three days. most likely will try somewhere like Wynn next stay on the Strip(Monte Carlo last time, same class hotel) Going to try Red rock over Labor Day. If you get a good rate, TI's location is great. Not much night life here...	
Aug 13 2009 	It is a treasure	This review is long overdue, but I'm finally getting around to it. My fiance and I spent 8 nights at Treasure Island in November of 2008 and we absolutely loved it. The hotel staff was super friendly from the moment we arrived till when we left. The check-in process was smooth, we were even given the option of a high or low floor, queen or king bed. The room itself is decorated rather nicely and is quite spacious. It looks very modern. I loved the carpeting in the hallways. The room didn't have a mini bar, but we didn't really care, the floor had vending machines that even had &quot;Vitamin Water&quot; in them. The bathroom was big too and the amenities smell delicious. Housekeeping was very attentive and were nice enough to give us a whole bag worth of toiletries when we requested additional ones. Room service was good and pretty prompt. The casino is fun, but I had better luck in others. There are a couple of restaurants in the hotel, but we only ate at the buffet which I would highly recommend stopping by at some point. The hotel provided us with a buy one get one free coupon at check in for the buffet, but not sure if that's common practice or if it was part of the package we booked. The Buffet food was really good and had great diversity: Italian, Japanese, Mexican, American, Chinese. Could you ask for more? We saw their &quot;Sirens&quot; performance that they present in front of the hotel, I wasn't so moved but only because I thought it was a little cheesy, though the girls are nice to look at. I'm sure other people were entertained by it and you can be too. We also went to see Cirque Du Soleil's Mystere whose theatre is located inside the hotel. I recommend seeing the show. It is absolutely amazing! We loved it. We stopped by the piano bar in the hotel late in the trip and I was a little disappointed with myself in having waited so long to patron it because those two piano players were hilarious! Their specialty drinks are pretty tasty. We didn't get to take advantage of the pool since the weather wasn't so warm. Overall we had a really great experience and would highly recommend this property, regardless of whether or not you have children. I work in the hospitality industry and was, needless to say, impressed with our flawless experience and the level of service provided. We're both pretty low-maintenance, so if you're looking for butler-type service maybe this isn't the place for you, but worth giving a try.	
Aug 12 2009 	If you are thinking about eating @ the buffet at TI....read this!!	My husband and I were staying off of the strip and were down at the hotel so we thought that we would try the Buffet. First, it was REALLY expensive for the quality of the food ($23.00/pp). It was taylored to the Asian clients, lots of sushi. They did have great desserts though!So we paid over $50.00 for salad, fruit and desserts....	
Aug 11 2009 	Getting exactly what you pay for	Since this was a Vegas trip with the parentals, my teenage sister, my 20-something sister and my 20-something self, I wanted to book a family-friendly hotel in the center of the strip so that everybody had easy access to where they wanted to go. Mission accomplished.Booking through hotel.com, we scored a room for $61 a night (before taxes). This hotel is a lot more affordable than its neighbor, The Mirage, for a good reason. The newly renovated rooms are sleek and classy, but are stocked with fewer glasses and towels, and no shower rug. The pool looks exactly like the other pics posted on this site. Be warned that this is not a pool for children. People were smoking in the pool and dropping their ashes right into the water. Hopefully this is an anomaly, but my pool experience makes me not want to return to TI next time I come with friends. Still, it's a great place to put your head down for the night, especially for the prices they are offering this summer!	
Aug 10 2009 	Good Value responsive staff	Treasure Island is a very good hotel with one of the best view options on the Vegas Strip. Mystere, a Cirque De Solis theatre show is located here. It is a family friendly environment, but is actively attracting the Adult Crowd to the new T.I. image. The beds at this hotel are outstanding quality, even if the rooms are a little smaller than some competetors. I was not satisfied with my view from the room I was assigned and one call to the front desk got a bell hop up with new room assignments and a wonderful view. I highly recommend this hotel for mid range travelers. The distance to the Monorail was a problem, but that is my only real complaint.	
Aug 10 2009 	Ideal Spot on the Strip	TI is perhaps looking a bit tired compared to some of the big feature resort hotels on the southern end of the strip. But it was ideal for our needs.Its not as big and overwhelming as some of the resort hotels which helps a first time Vegas visitor find their feet. Also the public rooms and casino are less spacious than some with relatively low ceilings and feeling a little claustrophobic. But the place is perfectly situated to get the best out of a short visit. Easy walks to any of the big feature places with the Venitian across the road and Caesars, Bellagio and Paris just down the street.Rooms reasonable though not the biggest. Restaurants generally pretty good value. Good pool though very busy. Access the the guests VIP area for the Sirens at TI also a benefit. Disppointingly high charges for wifi access.	
Aug 9 2009 	great place great location	If going to Las Vegas do stay at one of the hotels in the strip, specially if you are a first timer as we were. And this hotel is very reasonable, pleasant with good moderately sized rooms, a very good buffet for a reasonable cost, We got to see the Cirque du Soleil at this same hotel which is simply awesome. And if you are staying at the Hotel the tickets are half priced which is a bargain for such a show.Do ask for them because the ticket sales lady does not bother to ask you if you do not inquire about this offer. The only deceiving situation is the breakfast offered at its Tikki Restaurant or something like that, charge does not include coffee and fimally you pay the same as at the buffet for a far poorer breakfast, after being misled there by a lot of advertising in the hotel,. Although just a detail, you do not get you money s worth at that specific place, otherwise a great hotel and would certaimly return there if back in Las Vegas.	
Aug 9 2009	Great time	Room was a great value with very comfortable beds. We had to stand in line for over an hour to check in on a Sunday, a staff member told me a couple of days later I could have left my bags with the bell hop and checked in when the line was shorter! Oh well, next time! My least favorite would have to be the pool, it was way too crowded, no one was picking up beer bottles or glasses. Too many drunk 20 something's, one girl actually threw up in the pool. We left and did not return. The grand canyon and hoover dam tour is great, Ride the deuce, it only cost $7 a day or $15 for 3 days and will take you up and down the strip, it was great since it was 110 when we were there! It also goes to Fremont which is well worth the short bus ride. Check out the resturant downstairs at Binion's where you can get a prime rib dinner for $6.95 if join their player's club.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Trip too short!	My mother and I went to Las Vegas three days during the week for as a quick getaway and it was lovely. We slept all day and went out at night. I recommend Phantom of the Opera and the George Wallace show at the Flamingo. If you are in the military discounts are all over. Though the Phantom was delayed an hour due to technical diffculties, it was the best I've seen even including Phantom in Toronto. I teared up! Treasure Island during the week was a great deal around 60 bucks a night! Updated rooms and a view of the mountains made our trip enjoyable. Rent a car you can venture off the strip for some authentic Mexican food, cheap breakfast at IHOP and steak and lobster dinner downtown at Tony Roma's.	
Aug 8 2009 	Not too impressed this time Stay at the Mirage next time!	This trip was planned way in advance for my aunts wedding out there in Vegas. We had reserved a room at the mirage with the rest of my family staying there.After months of thinking about the savings TI had to offer we decided the week prior to our trip to change our reservations and stay at TI. Our last stay at TI was great but it was in 1999.I also had my mother and sister change over to TI with us.With that said upon arrival we knew check in was not until 3pm with a possible early check in at 12 noon. We got to TI and Mirage at 10am and the group staying at the Mirage was able to check right in although their check in was not until 3 either.So here we sit in a line for 1.5 hrs. After all that waiting we were very hopeful that we might get an upgrade like everyone wrote about on here. We tried to ask and nothing was offered. My mother did pay 100.00 per night for a petite suite upgrade this was not a deal.Anyway our rooms were great on the 11th floor nice big bathrooms clean and new furnishings, nice pool /strip view. No fridge in reg room but there was one in the petite suite. Both rooms had safes. The room itself was the one thing that I found better than the mirage, the bathrooms in the mirage rooms were small.The large drinks at the TI pool were $23 at the mirage they were$18 and IMO they were much better there. The TI pool does not even compare to Mirage. Good thing we had family there because this is my single biggest complaint.....Our pool was closed for a full day due to high winds, and the Mirage pool was OPEN.We usually use the pools all day every day and gamble at night. For us this was no good. BUT we were able to go to the mirage because we had the rest of our family staying there.We did complain about this at check out hoping they could offer something.They were pretty rude and said to fill out a complaint form like everyone else had that morning and she would take ours up with the rest of them.All in all I would say stay at the mirage for an all around great stay.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great hotel really impressed but stay away from buffet!	We were upgraded to the penthouse floor so had a beautiful view of the strip. The pool was nice but way too hot to sit out for more than 10 minutes or so. Like others, I found the food and drinks to be overpriced, $7 for coffee and the buffet at 10pm on Sat night was awful. We paid $26 each and they took most of the food away. I have made a complaint but haven't heard back from the resort yet-nice customer service. Be wary that the hotel guets get somewhat rowdy on the Sat night, we had neighbours partying until 4am but this is Vegas, right! All in all, a great trip!	
Aug 6 2009 	TI a real gem-we'll return	TI is in a GREAT location on the STRIP, nice pool/Jacuzzi, lots of lounge chairs-we enjoyed mornings and early evenings poolside. TV remote didn't work well otherwise nicely appointed room, VERY comfortable bed. Our check in (around 2:30 PM) and check out were easy, fast - no problems; we did see long lines on occasion (as reported in other trip advisor reviews). We were disappointed that the TI SPA was not opened during our visit (due to remodeling). For fun in Vegas: recommend TIs Cirque Du Soleil Mystre &amp; TI's Sirens-Pirates nite show, Lion King @Mandalay Bay (took my breath away  creative genius that touches one's spirit), &amp; Bellagios Gallery of Fine Art (discount with ID - for teachers and students), &amp; Dale Chihuly glass display. Well go back to Vegas to enjoy more Cirque Du Soleil productions. Many upscale hotels had lush gardens and conservatories  beautiful to view as you stroll through the hotel lobbies and shopping areas, taking a break from the heat. Favorite hotels for shopping: Bellagio, Wynn &amp; Encore. See Peter Liks landscape photography galleries at the Palazzo/Venetian (and several other locations). I didn't know who Peter Lik was before this trip - if you're into photography, his galleries are a must-see. Food is expensive in Vegas  but you can find gems everywhere: TIs Cantor Deli has great Matzo Ball Soup, Kahunavilles Lunch Chicken Satay Salad with mixed greens and raspberry vinaigrette was beautifully presented and delicious (and only $7.50 with your Kahunaville Lunch Coupon). TIs Buffet had wonderful fresh fruit and plenty of fresh choices for vegetarians and carnivores alike. The Pho (Vietnamese) was ok, not great  food and service both mediocre. Travel: free tram-TI/Mirage, &amp; the Deuce 24 hour bus pass made travel easy on hot days. Carry water or dollars to buy cold water from street vendors. Excursions: Make every effort to see the Grand Canyon (we enjoyed a West Rim tour) and Hoover Dam. Next time we'll go to Bryce and Zion. The cheesy Vegas stuff from 30 years ago still exists downtown, but the new Las Vegas is a great place to run away from home! First class visual and performing arts, international shopping, comfortable accommodations, and dining options for every palate made our vacation the respite we needed.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great New Years Eve stay	I stayed here with my husband and another couple for New Years Eve. It was very good value for the trip. The rooms were well appointed and the staff were friendly. The only thing I didnt like is that the room service menu is overpriced compared to other 4/5 star hotels in vegas and doesnt accomodate vegetarians. But there is no arguing that there are some great deals for this hotel. I would stay here again if the price was right.	
Aug 6 2009 	Disappointed	Very disappointed !!! With only a very small pool area for a Las Vegas Hotel this si not an establishment for families. The entire area is totally taken over at the weekends with young vacationers,drinking and smoking in every available space.We have stayed in Vegas on numerous occasions but will deffinetly be giving TI a miss.	
Aug 4 2009 	What a VALUE!	Wow, wow, wow! Just got back from Vegas and sure I feel like I'm on my deathbed.. but thank God for our hotel rooms at TI!!!! I stayed there from July 28-August 1. 5 girls split amongst two conjoining rooms... it was awesome.. we didn't have the best view but we enjoyed it regardless.. could see Encore &amp; Wynn.. and the city.. to us it was most important to have two joining rooms. Now we ended up seeing a LOT of hotel rooms on the strip (due to room parties) and I must say the rooms in TI suited us SO well. Our room was always BRIGHT, in the evening there was more than enough light to ensure a bright space. I loved the furnishings, very modern, without trying too hard. The bedding &amp; beds are unbelievably comfortable! The bathroom was nice and big.. enough counter space, and the extra makeup mirror was excellent! There also was enough light and space in the room to set up a second vanity! The size of the room was great, as well, the two beds are well spaced out from each other. The room comes with a safe.. it barely fit my macbook (13inch).. this is of concern.. if i had anything bigger i wouldnt have been able to store it. The hair dryer was awesome! I have thick long hair and all 5 of us forgot to bring a blowdryer and the in room one worked just fine. Due to the excessive heat we spent a LOT of time in our room, predrinking, getting ready etc. As for the hotel itself.. it wasn't too big which is kinda nice... we saw the mystere show (free tickets with room booking) it was AWESOME! i recommend going even if u have to buy your ticket. We ate at Pho.. cheap and filling, as well at the coffee shop.. we just LOVED the cheeseburgers w/bluecheese of course. We're from Canada.. so we found the restaurants to be extremely cheap! The bar @ the casino is pretty good, Dee made us the best tequila shots i've ever had! for a great price too! 5 shots for under $35!!! (i've paid way more at our local bars here in canada!) She was awesome! The pool was small... we only checked it out on a Tuesday... not that many people there but felt crowded.. you could over hear others talkin about you and hard to miss the dirty stares.. I cant even imagine what it'd be like on the weekends! There seemed to be more than enough loungers though. Location is awesome! We partied @ Tao so it was just a walk over the bridge, as well, across the street at casino royal (?) you can find $1 margaritas (life savers in the heat) andd. don't forget the walgreens! So close! .. TI also connects right to Fashion Show mall (another plus!). We did check out the Ed Hardy club.. looked pretty cool but absolutely dead on Thursday night.. bouncer told us its better on Friday/Saturday but we had table reservations else where... on that note the staff is pretty good.. have no complaints.Group demographics: 5 friends 21/22.. we were on a pretty tight budget...... we didn't want to go super cheap and TI was absolutely perfect for our budget and we got way more than what we paid for. -- uncool factor: no free internet. come on it's 2009. stop ripping us off for internet! tip: no fridge, we cleaned out our waste can (which was stainless steel) and filled them with ice to keep our drinks cold. worked quite well.	
Aug 3 2009 	New Years Party @ Treasure Island	My mate and I decided to stay at Treasure Island for a couple of nights over the new year. What an awesome experience vegas has to offer! This hotel is premium quality and jammed packed with entertainment / shows. Our room and bathroom were as expected for this type of hotel... very clean and the hotel had a brand new look and feel to it. The gaming area was incredibly large however the amount of people in the hotel and it's bars that night was over crowded and it suddenly became very hard to get around the hotel.The only let down is that the pool is closed over during winter.	
Aug 3 2009 	good hotel small pool	Just got back from a two night stay at Ti.. The room was nice and housekeeping was very quick to clean the room.  The only problem was since it is summer time, the temperatures were in triple digits the three days I was there. No problem with the air conditioner but the pool area is not so big. It seemed like everyone was in the pool so you got a spot, and that was about it. Couldn't swim and barely able to move without bumping into someone.  Next time I stay here, it will be when the weather is much cooler. During the summer months, I will probably go to Ceasars Palace or Bally's since they have a much bigger pool area. But besides that, everything was good at the Ti.	
Aug 2 2009 	This was a fun trip but don't go to Vegas in July! ;)	My boyfriend and I went to Las Vegas, Nevada from July 9th to July 14th, 2009. Primarily it was for UFC 100, which was incredible!We chose to stay at Treasure Island, which is just about in the middle of the strip. We chose it precisely for that reason, so we could do one end of the strip in one day, and the other end another day.The hotel itself was pretty average. The rooms were nice, and very clean. We had a gorgeous view of the strip, and managed to get a room with a nice King size bed. The televisions left a little to be desired though....they were very tiny. Not much time was spent in the room, but after a full day there was a need to relax and it was kind of annoying to watch a something on such a small screen.The restaurants that we checked out in the hotel were good. The pasta and pizza place was decently priced and my meal was excellent. The cafe sandwiches were huge and not too expensive....but there was a coffee shop in there that sold a regular glass of orange juice for over $6. A little extreme in my opinion. One of the places open for breakfast had terrific food and very reasonable prices, and the service was great. Unfortunately I can't remember the name, maybe it was Kaluhaville? (you'll have to pardon the spelling)The casino was okay, it was nothing special, especially after we walked through the other hotels. In fact, I'd say it was quite small. Neither of us gambled much, but if you're looking for a good casino, you'd have to check out another hotel.The pool was small as well, and they really packed the chairs in there! We didn't spend a whole lot of time by the pool; it was too hot to sit in the sun. There was a pretty large hot tub...but when you're in Vegas, and it's over 40, do you really want to get in bath water? Not likely! ;)There weren't many shops in TI, just basic gift shops, and some Cirque du Soleil shops. That was actually another reason we chose Treasure Island - our stay came with two tickets for a Cirque du Soleil show - Mystere. The acrobatics were incredible, and the seats were very good. My boyfriend even ended up being part of the show, which was kinda neat.All in all, a great stay, and pretty much what we expected for a middle of the road hotel. I'm not sure if I would rate it a 4 star, but it would not go below 3 1/2. It was exactly what we thought: reasonably priced, a great location for our stay, and those tickets were a really nice bonus!	
Aug 1 2009 	Really enjoyed our stay (because we were upgraded)	Our stay at TI was on course to being horrible, but after a turn of events was fantastic!We were on our honeymoon and arrived in the evening to be told that we were checked into a SMOKING room with TWO beds. Not very romantic seeing that I had booked and paid 6 months in advance and have been a non smoker my whole life and where I live (Australia) has pretty strict non smoking laws.The keys that they gave us did not work so we returned to the desk and I was quite upset. I had traveled all the way from Australia to live a life long dream of being married by Elvis in Vegas (we had booked a marriage renewal for our honeymoon) and to be put in a smoking room with two beds was heartbreaking! I was upset thinking of my wedding dress stinking of people's smoke, and it wouldn't have helped my new hubby who was also sick at the time.The staff member on the counter was helpful though and their manager had approved us to be upgraded to a suite for all the trouble. Now the suite, there is nothing I can say except that it was fantastic. Spacious, luxurious, more than anything I could ever have asked for. It also overlooked the strip so I would sit at the window and just stare non stop.We went to a few of the restaurants at TI and the buffet was by far the best! Everything was so fresh and delicious. I couldn't believe that they had fairy floss at the dessert bar! Of course, being a child at heart, I ate it!The only downer (apart from the room debacle) was the fact that there seemed to be kids running around everywhere. I didn't think that TI was one of the kiddy friendly casinos, but maybe I was wrong. Kids were even walking around the casino floor without their parents.But overall, with our nice room we had a great honeymoon and wedding renewal. I would definitely stay there again (if I didn't have to stay in a smoking room).Oh, also, room service was very reasonable and delicious! Massive servings as well.PS. definitely go and see the Sirens at TI show. It was cheesy but great.	
Jul 31 2009 	Clean but lacks entertainment	The hotel and room was clean. My room was facing the strip and right below it there is a Pirate show that plays 4 times a day with the last show at 11pm. Keep that in mind as it won't be easy to get rest between 6pm and 11pm.The spa is nice, but expensive. Their massage services are VERY costly. Take the tram to Mirage and see the restaurants, shops,, and clubs there. Much better than TI. TI is cheap and there is a reason for that. I didn't dislike it, but I didn't find anything worthwhile to get me to come back there. The pool is nothing special and smaller than the pools at many other hotels on the strip.Not sure why it is rated at 4 stars. Maybe because it's clean?	
Jul 31 2009 	Hotel Accommodations and Professional Room Service Massage	My daughter and I had a wonderful time at Treasure Island (TI) during our July 26, 2009 vacation. The staff at Treasure Island was very accommodating. The first room that was assigned to us was #32108, and I thought it was fine, and later that evening as my daughter and I was returning to our room for the night, a gentleman that handles the luggages was coming out of the room next to ours and he noticed that I was on a cane and immediately told me to call down to the front desk and have my room moved closer to the elevators, because I shouldn't have to walk so far to my room. I took his advice, and the next day we were moved to #32041, right next to the elevators which was extremely helpful to me and it made my stay even better. On July 28, 2009, I called Wet Spa to make an appointment for my legs to be massaged. I was told that the spa was under renovations and that the company started a new program that a Masseur/ Masseuse would come to your room. I scheduled an appointment and I was sent a well seasoned masseur name Pierre. When he came to our room he was very professional and knowledgeable about the body. If or when I do return back to Las Vegas, Treasure Island will be the hotel where I will stay and Pierre will be my masseur.	
Jul 31 2009 	okay but nothing special	Stayed here with a friend for 5 nights and the hotel was fine. The rooms were quite big and well set out but there was nothing special about the place. The bathrooms were quite ordinary and the rooms were a little tired. The staff were also a little rude, which surprised me after reading the reviews. Friends stayed at anbother hotel just up the strip and the hotel and staff were so much better and it was only very marginally more expensive.	
Jul 30 2009 	The first of many visits to Treasure Island	I travelled to Vegas with my partner for a week last week - this was our first visit, and certainly won't be the last. We have always been big fans of the states. We have visited Florida and New York before and loved both places. This year we thought that we'd try Las Vegas. It certainly lived up to its name! We loved every minute our trip. We booked our hotel room direct through Treasure Islands website. This was much better as we got a great rate. When we arrived there was a bit of a queue at check in, but this seemed to filter fairly quickly. As we were checking in we decided to ask if there were any complimentary upgrades available. We did not get our hopes up, but were pleasantly surprised when we were told we could have a room on the 32nd floor, which had a great strip view! We were more than satisfied with our room. The bed was by far the comfiest we have ever slept in! The room was very clean and modern and the bathroom was lovely too, with marble flooring and there were lovely toiletries supplied each day. I liked the security system within the lifts. Each time we entered the lift we had to insert our room card key; it then automatically highlighted the floor we were staying on. This system only operated in the lifts that take you to the higher floors for some reason, but I really liked it. Plenty of good restaurants to choose from within the hotel. We only dined once in Canters deli, which was very nice and we tried the buffet breakfast one morning too, which was also very good - so much choice and pretty good value. We found the free tram from the hotel to the Mirage very useful. They run every few minutes, and as the weather was been so hot, it was very handy to pop on and off these. The casino area is big. We are not big gambelers, but we had a go! - I quite liked the dollar slot machines and the fact that we were offered free drinks for the privelidge of using these facilities was an added bonus!The chambermaid kept our room in tip top condition all week. We had clean towels each day, and no matter what time we left our room in the morning, upon our return the room had been made up beautifully.There is a walkway which takes you to Walgreens supermarket. This was very convenient to buy cheap water and snacks for the room. Also handy to withdraw money from the cash point, as it only charged $2 whereas most other cashpoints in the hotels and on the strip were charging $4.99 for cash withdrawels. The deuce bus was great to travel on as it takes you up and down the strip. It costs $3 return or $7 for 24hrs which is great value. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel too and they operate every few minutes. They're great to hop on and off as you please. They do get a bit crowded and you do need the correct change, which can catch you out, but they're really handy and another good way of getting to view the strip and get your barings! Our favourite restaurant was called the Cheesecake factory. This is located within Ceasers Palace hotel and is an absolute must. Portions are absolutely huge, staff are extremely helpful and polite, it is very clean and modern and best of all it is very good value. You cannot book though as they operate on a first come first served basis. If they're full at the time you arrive, they give you a card asking you to return anything from 5 mins to an hour later, but it's definitely worth it in my opinion. We saw 4 shows - Terry Fator was fantastic and one of my favourites - would definitely recommend it. He actually allows you to film small chunks of the performance and take photos, which you cannot do in any other shows - or not that I am aware of. Also saw Love - the Beatles show at the Mirage. I enjoyed this but did feel that it would be an added bonus if you are a true Beatles fan in order to fully understand the storyline. La Rev at the Wynn was another of my favourites. The theatre is circular and like a swimming pool. So much going on and very talented performers. Phantom of the Opera was our last show and that was incredible too. Again an absolute must. We wanted to see the Mystere show at the TI but didn't get around to it. It's a shame as we were offered a deal of buy one ticket get one half price on 3 seperate ocassions. That is a must for next time!I would advise getting the deuce bus to the Stratosphere Tower. Worth paying to go up the tower, as the views are fantastic and we got some great pics. We also saw a couple getting married on top of the tower! We weren't quite brave enough to try any of the rides though! My favourite hotels are the Wynn, Bellagio and Ceasers Palace. They're in a class of their own. Then TI, New York New York, Planet Hollywood and MGM. Not too keen on the Circus Circus. It needs remodinising and the area is not as nice as where the TI is located, but there are some great offers to be had there and the deuce bus stops outside, so it could be ideal if you're looking for a basic hotel on a lower budget I guess.The strip was overflowing with people in the evening. I have never seen so many people out at once. We did not come across any trouble or bad language at all. We were made to feel very welcome everywhere we visited. I am totally blown away by Las Vegas and everything it has to offer. I can't wait to return. Well worth the 11 hour plane ride! Hope this review is helpful. Please feel free to come back if you have any specific questions. If I can answer them I will. Enjoy your trip - I'm very jealous!	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent hotel - great price great room great location!	I traveled to Vegas with my 12 year old daughter from 7/26-7/29. Booked TI because of the location and price. I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the room and hotel in general. Rooms were nice and quiet. One day we did not get maid service. The hotel made up for that the following day. Staff very friendly. Loved that TI guests had a special roped off area to view the pirate ship performance. Just needed to show the room key to be allowed in the roped off area. I would stay at the property in a heart beat! Thank you TI staff for the great mini-vacation!!	
Jul 30 2009 	Quite The Positive Experience - Especially Without The Kids!!	PHEW - It took us 15 years but we finally mae our way to Vegas without the kids with the TI quite the right choice for us. Romance wasn't our top priority if so TI would not be our choice - but the ability to choose what restaurant we wanted - stay up late, sleep in etc. and TI allowed us to do all!Check - in was smooth - perhaps 15 minutes which I guess was pretty good. We requested (with a smile) a King, non-smoking with a strip view and it was granted with a smile! As mentioned in other posts the beds were super comfortable and we slept like babies. The room was modern, clean, with updated furniture - no coffee pot! Maid service was efficient - one con - the room service carts were often left a good part of the day into the late evening - not a maids position but thought they may of called to have them collected.Received 2 free tickets to Mystere with our package - fabulous show with drink vouchers to the Kahauaville (sp) bar which we took advantage of. Boy, was that the hopping place to be - great cocktails - fun bartenders juggling bottles - pouring free shots into the mouths of young and old or should I say mature persons!! We are on the 'mature' end but made it part of our evening to visit each of our 3 night stay!We did not eat in any of their restaurants - thought the 'coffee' shop was too expensive for what it offered. Instead and I know you won't believe this - but we found The Terrace Village Care at the Wynn to beat the TI coffee shop prices with more class, service and the feeling the food wasn't so manufactured! Actually check it out for evening dinner - they have summer specials ($15 - $19) and their regular menu entrees were some of the least expensive we saw with proffessional service and great food presentation with patio seating.We did not take advantage of the $15 per day internet service at the TI - instead it was free at - guess - THE WYNN!!The pool was pretty crowded but at 11:30 am we had no problem finding loungers in the shade (it was 112) - the pool water was very murky but then there were a lot of people in the pool - the hot tub was in better shape. I'm glad we didn't have our boys with us as there was no room in the pool for them to fool around - dare they splash anyone!We enjoyed the casino and found the ventilation very good. It was not busy on either of our 3 nights. We spent most of it playing a particular penny slot machine (i'm not telling which one) which paid for 2 dinners and 2 breakfasts!!!It was pleasant not have to walk half a mile around the casino to reach the elevators - 30 seconds from the lobbyHmm what else can I mention - oh yes - watch out at the pool - I caught a young man with his hand in a women's bag (she wasn't there). I confronted him, followed him out and promply alerted security who acted quite swiftly. Just be alert.We orginally booked the Monte Carlo but was scared away by the negative reviews of the Monte Carlo's smell, construction noise and room thefts. We took a walk there and took one step - perhaps 2 and walked right out - yes the smell was terrible.The price was great - service friendly - room great.Took the advice from others - tell your driver to take Paradise Road not the freeway - 1 $7 - $10 saving.	
Jul 29 2009 	No complaints	My wife and I traveled to vegas for our first time in July. We stayed at TI becasue the price was right. $333.00 for four nights, Wednesday to Sunday. We had no complaints. Rooms were updated and clean. The TV on the side of the wall was weird, but who watch's TV in Vegas. We had a nice view of the strip upon request at check in. The pool was cool. Not too big, but there was a DJ there from about 11am to 4pm. Young crowd. Early 20's to early 30's. Great location. Its attached by a bridge to a Walgreens and the Fashion Mall.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Experience at Treasure Island	I traveled to Treasure Island July 25-28 with my boyfriend. We arrived at the hotel at 10am on Saturday. They would not begin check-in until 11am, so we decided to walk around a bit and check things out. Dropped off the bags with a very friendly bellman and headed out. First impression of the hotel, great location! We were just across the way from the Venetian and Palazzo, and best of all, Walgreens! We went over the walkway and grabbed some water and snacks. Walgreens also came in handy for coffee and fruit in the morning. We went back to the hotel at 10:45am and there was a line for check-in. I was a little nervous that it would take forever, but they started assisting people promptly at 11am and the line moved fairly quickly. I asked the girl that helped me to be as high up as possible. I did not do the $20 trick. Figured I would take my chances. She said she had room on the 20th, but I was welcome to come back later, go to check out (instead of having to wait in the check in line again) and get a higher room. We went for the room that was available. We were ready to get settled and start the day.The walk to the elevator was shortone great thing (IMO) is that since Treasure Island is smaller and not some monster property, it is faster to maneuver and easier to get around. Our room had a great view of both the strip and the mtns. We got the best of both worlds. Room was standard size, nice bathroom, comfy bed. We were very happy and comfortable there.We ate at Isla, the Mexican restaurant in the hotel, it was fine. Not too expensive, but not too great. I think my boyfriend enjoyed his meal more. That is the only restaurant we ate in at the hotel. We did have a coupon for Kauhanville for a BOGO drink on Sunday, went in for a minute and it was crazy. They were filming some kind of promo commercial for bartenders? I sat at a table and my boyfriend got in line at the bar for a drink. Good thing he did because no one ever approached me at the table. We got drinks at the bar and promptly left. We never went back.Pool was nice. We went early Sunday morning. We were one of the people there at the crack of dawn. Being on east coast time, were up at 7am and bored, so we were at the pool by 8:45am. It is small and very cold, but was a nice experience. It was starting to get crowded when we left at 10:30.Lastly, my thoughts on the casino. We are NOT big rollers in any sense of the term. We played $.02 slots pretty much the whole time. However, we were always given free drinks (well, a tip is involved, but still very cheap) We never had to wait more than a few minutes for a waitress to bring a drink-smaller casino has advantages! We won, we lost, it was all good fun.Sirens-stupid, albeit free, so why not? Check it out!All together, we really enjoyed our stay. I think for what we paid, the hotel was very nice. My advice would just to be enjoy your time. If you are worried about food prices, etc. then do some reasearch. FInd places that work for you and your budget. And, yes there is no fridge and coffee machine. But Walgreens offers @$2 coffee and cheap drinks. I would like to try some of the other hotels, but my boyfriend says he would def. just stay at Treasure Island again. It was a great experience. No problems. I would recommend this hotel!	
Jul 29 2009 	Best Deal for the Money on the Las Vegas Strip	My friends and I purposely stay at AAA Four Diamond hotels in order to compare &quot;apples to apples&quot;. For the money, TI is one of the best (and least expensive) Four Diamond properties on the Las Vegas Strip.Check-in was like so many Las Vegas hotels with airport-like lines. However, the wait was not long considering at least 100 were in the lobby, and we found our front desk agent to be very nice. She even provided us with an upgrade simply because she said we were nice to her (and they had a few extra available)!The rooms are like new with incredibly comfortable beds, flat screen TV, clock radios with a docking station for my iPod, and great views of the Strip! The bathrooms have marble floors, large tub/shower, and nice soaps, shampoo, lotion, etc. from the hotel spa.We found the restaurants Isla, The Steak House and Pizzeria Francesco's all to be very good, and some of the most reasonable prices on the Las Vegas Strip, especially compared to the nearby Wynn, Palazzo, The Venetian and The Mirage. It was great having a Starbucks at the property, and breakfast food and service was great at the buffet.The pool area was a bit small, but clean and fun! Like most Las Vegas resorts we stay at, you simply must get down to the pool just after it opens, or rent a cabana which is a little pricey, but so worth it when you split it between four people!We used the fitness center at the spa, and found it to be very clean and convenient (on the third floor with no need to trek through the casino). The treadmills had individual TVs, and they had a large selection of free weights.The Cirque du Soleil show Mystere was incredible! They had a special offer for hotel guests in which we got the second ticket for $25. Even without that offer, I would say the show is worth every penny of the $79 ticket price! Amazing acrobats, great live music, and beautiful costumes!We found the TI casino floor much easier to navigate than most hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. It might be the lower ceilings or the smaller spaces, but the property has a more &quot;intimate&quot; feel than most of the other &quot;mega&quot; resorts in Vegas.The sirens/pirate show in front was a much larger production than we expected considering it is free. We were able to stand in a VIP viewing area simply by showing our hotel room key. The fireworks were very cool, but the show might be &quot;too sexy&quot; for younger kids.Although TI might not be considered the very best (except for the beds) in any one category, I personally believe the overall value and location on the Strip is definitely one of the best in Las Vegas.	
Jul 28 2009 	Pleasant stay...	We arrived at TI on Easter Sunday 2009. We had booked a Petite Suite.On arrival, there were a lot of people checking in at the same time. We had to wait about 15 minutes before it was our turn. We had no problems checking in and were off to our room quickly. We are NOT Vegas Virgins, so we know we will have to walk through the casino to get to the elevators. However, we found that this is the shortest distance we have had to walk from check in to elevators/lifts.Our room was right off the lifts. One problem we had the entire time was that the key didn't always work on the first, or second or third time. You had to be patient. It would work eventually. However, it could be frustrating.We were very satisfied with the room. On entry, the Ladies bathroom was on the right with a LARGE whirlpool tub (be careful and don't put too much bubble bath or you will get lost in the bubbles!!!), large vanity area and closet that had a mini fridge. The left side had the Gentleman's bathroom with HUGE shower that had a seat, large vanity area,closet and safe. Both bathrooms had all the tolietries that were replinished each day.The bedroom had a king sized bed with side tables, Along one wall was a LARGE desk and chair and a flat screen tv that could be adjusted to be seen from the bed. There was a large sofa, lamp and coffee table in one corner and a little table and bar stools in another corner. The decor was dark but modern and a pleasant place to have a drink or two and relax.We found the room to be very clean and maid service tended to come around 9 am for us as we were early risers.We didn't use the pool. However, friends did and they said it did get crowded early on.The resturants were fine. We ate in the buffet for breakfast most mornings and supper tended to be all over the place.The casino itself is not a huge one but nice. We never had to fight for drinks and the slots were fairly loose for my husband and I still came home with a bit of money.It is located more to the end of the strip and not in a real central position. However, we have done Vegas many times and were happy to stay towards this end of things.We were happy overall with this place. It is not ultra luxurious, it was very nice and we were happy to spend our time at this hotel and casino. It was well worth the money we spent.	
Jul 28 2009 	Worst hospitality I have ever experienced!	This place provides, without question, the worst customer service I have ever experienced in a hospitality establishment. At $90 for a monday night, I wasn't expecting top tier, but I wasn't expecting to be treated so disrespectfully either. I'd give it zero stars if I could. On the upside, the room was clean, and as described. Nothing special, but it met my expectations. It was clean and comfortable. On the downside, the staff at this hotel made the stay very unpleasant. The housecleaning people were yelling to each other, having obnoxiously loud cell phone conversations, and such starting around 7AM. And believe me when I say obnoxious... I sleep like a log and they woke me up. My wife was already irritated by the time I woke up. This is the first hospitality business I've been to where I asked for something and was told &quot;No, I'm too busy.&quot; The pool area is nice, but it closes at 8PM. Imagine that... in the city that never sleeps, the pool closes at 8PM. Yes, I could have dug through hotel policies before booking to learn that fact, but the **nighttime** picture of the pool on the TI website tricked me into thinking the pool would be open at night; you know, when summer temps in vegas drop to &quot;tolerable.&quot; Worse yet, while we were there, the pool area reeked of vomit. It's not the fault of the hotel staff that someone barfed, but it would have been nice if they cleaned it up well enough that the whole area didn't stink of it. Most of the nicer restaurants in the hotel close at 10PM, and are booked up before that, so don't plan on getting a late start to dinner. The cafe is open late, but the service there is even worse than the hotel service. All in all, this stacked up to be the maybe the single worst hotel stay in my life. I wouldn't stay here again if it were free. If mystifies me how this gets a fairly high ranking here on Tripadvisor: #37 of 200+. That either says something about how bad 38 and below are, or somehow my expectations of being shown the tiniest shred of hospitality are unrealistic.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good and clean ... no major complaints	This was our second stay at Treasure Island. We have also stayed at the MGM Grand and the Luxor. This time we had our two kids with us and took side-by-side rooms.Treasure Island is a good hotel in a good location. It is positioned in the middle of the strip when compared to Mandalay Bay at one end and the Stratosphere at the other. However, it is at the far north end when considering just the key hotel/casino area from around MGM Grand/New York New York at the south end.For what I assume was a standard room, we paid $55 ($62, including tax) for Wednesday night, $63 ($71) on Thursday and $127 ($142) on Friday. We got these rates by calling the hotel directly.The rooms are fairly standard and generally meet the quality level you would expect for a hotel of TIs rating. The beds were very comfortable (as other posters have noted) and the iPod dock/clock radios would be convenient for anyone with an iPod. The negative comments that follow are all relatively minor, in the scheme of things.The pool area (which is almost always a key element of our vacation) is notably smaller and much less elaborate, compared to other hotels of TIs class on the Las Vegas strip. On weekdays, the pool scene is largely subdued (although it was still something of a challenge to find four lounge chairs together during prime time). Piped music focussed on recent pop ballads, with nothing particularly edgy. On Saturday afternoon, however, the pool was packed. We were very lucky to find two open chairs next to two chairs that were occupied by towels, but were not claimed soon enough before we took them over. A DJ played a more upbeat mix of dance and pop with a wider range including both newer music and older hits (e.g., Michael Jackson, Prince and Lenny Kravitz). Throughout the week, the music is loud enough that you may find it annoying if it isnt to your taste. During the week, there seemed to be more of a mix of patrons. But on Saturday, it was predominantly 20 and early 30-somethings, which wasn't a problem for me.The casino seemed pretty typical. We didnt gamble much (it took us about nine minutes to lose our standard $20 on slot machines). However the interior dcor of the hotel and casino are both lacking in terms of adherence to the Treasure Island theme. In fact, once inside the hotel/casino, youd be hard pressed to guess what exactly the theme was supposed to be. Hotels like the Luxor, Excalibur, Paris, Bellagio, Caesars Palace and Venetian do a much better job capitalizing on their theme.TI is located conveniently across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, which is particularly useful at meal time. There are no low-cost options in the hotel itself and few in the nearby area, other than in the FSM. The food court at the FSM was invaluable in providing economical alternatives (particularly breakfast). We did eat two meals at the hotel. One night we had dinner at Canters Deli. Two sandwiches, a soda pop and a beer came to $35.50. On Saturday, we had breakfast at the Kahunaville Restaurant. We ordered and split three meals (with three small glasses of juice) among the four of us. Two were with special discount coupons and one meal was just a cinnamon bun. The total price was $38, including tip.Another benefit of FSM is the half-price ticket booth. We didnt see any shows, but numerous shows were available at significantly reduced prices (if not quite half-price). If you go, do yourself a favour and use the second ticket booth inside the upper-level food court rather than the main level, outdoor booth. It could be a difference of 30-60 minutes in lineWhile on the topic of tips, Ill repeat two that previous posters mentioned and with which I agree. The city buses (called the RTC or the Deuce) run up and down the strip at a cost of $3 per trip, $7 per 24 hour pass or $15 for a three day pass. We used a 24 hour pass and timed it so that we got a full day plus one mornings trip out of it. The busses run frequently and I cant imagine theyre significantly slower than taking a cab (traffic is traffic, right?).Also, our cabbie from the airport used the highway route (cost: $32 with tip). Our cab back stayed off the highway (cost: $20 with tip). Ask your cab driver at the airport if it is cheaper to stay off the highway, unless the cost doesnt matter to you.Note also that there is a Walgreens across the street. Soda pop from the hotel machines were $3.00 per bottle, so it pays to stock up in advance. Unfortunately, there is no fridge or microwave in the room, so youll need ice and you wont be able to re-heat any leftovers you bring back to your room.I do have one small pet peeve about the room, which relates to the small flat-screen TVs. As is typical with hotels, they provide HD-capable TVs without providing HD programming. As a result, the picture is distorted and fuzzy. In addition, the TVs are mounted in such a way as to make the audio/video jacks almost impossible to access. I appreciate that casino hotels want their guests in the casino rather than in the room watching TV, which is why they provide sub-standard equipment and signals. In addition, if their guests are going to watch movies, they want the guests paying for them. However, the use of portable DVD players is so widespread that the hotel would be better off to accept it and facilitate it rather than trying to fight it. I used a small make-up mirror and the bulb from a table lamp to get a good enough view of the TVs back panel that I could reach in and, with considerable difficulty, detach the in-house programming cable and attach our portable DVD players patch-cords.I should also mention that their internet fee was prohibitive  something like $15 per day. We didnt spend much time in our room, so there was no point paying that fee.All things considered, I do like TI and I would stay there again. Their four-times-nightly Sirens of TI outdoor pirate ship show is entertaining, particularly if you like watching young women performing in skanky, minimalist outfits. I should also mention that check-in was quick and easy (well under 10-minutes) and we had our room before their standard check-in time. Also, the elevators were quick and available. Im not sure we ever waited more than 15-20 seconds after pressing the up button.On the other hand, I do want to stay at as many different Las Vegas strip properties as possible and would probably choose another hotel for a different experience next time. But it would depend on the price, which means TI will always be an acceptable alternative.	
Jul 27 2009 	Another Las Vegas Trip	We stayed at TI Hotel and Casino in July for 5 nights just recently. It has been remodeled sice the last time we stayed their. We had a standard room and it was very nice and clean. The beds were very comfortable. The employees we had contact with were very nice and friendly. Alot of nice bartenders at the main bar in the middle of the casino. We played alot at the bar and it was alot of fun. My wife made some money their playing but of course put most of it back in the machines over the course of our stay. We had a nice room on the 17th floor looking at the strip. Check-in was at 3:00 but they started to check people in at 12:00. We were in the room by 1:00. The line went rather quickly. Sunday is one of the busiest chech-in days. We ate at the coffee shop 2 times the food was good at a moderate price. We did not eat at the buffet. We are not buffet eaters. The resturant by the pool was also good. The pool was small but nice. Some other tips: Walgreens is right across the street and you buy things alot cheaper their than in the casino. Things like pop and snacks are much less expensive. The Fashion Mall across the street has a food court with some good places to eat for a reasonable price. If you are into shopping it is also a good place. I am not a happy shopper. The Pirate show is okay. We also saw the show Phantom at the Venetian. It was a great show. Beautiful theater. Also it is in a good location for going to other places on the strip. We did not leave the strip. We had a good time staying at TI. We would stay their again given the same deal we got this time. I would reccommend a stay at this hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	Give Treasure Island a Try!	We found a great promotion online offering rooms for $139/night with a pair of tickets to the resort's signature show &quot;Mystere&quot; included in the deal. The rooms have recently been renovated and are comparable to any Marriott property - definitely 4-star quality. It's location on Las Vegas Blvd is ideal -right in the middle of everything with immediate access to the interstate. It is directly across the street from The Venetian, Palazzo, and Wynn/Encore resorts as well as Las Vegas's trendy Fashion Show Mall. We were on the 24th floor and could hear traffic below and some boisterous hotel guests in the hallway which is the only reason I rate this property 4 out of 5. TI has been around a long time, but with the &quot;new&quot; rooms, it is definitely in the market to compete for business!	
Jul 27 2009 	Good experience on first visit to Vegas	I was visiting friends in California when we decided on the spur of the moment to go to Vegas as two of us (incl. me) had never been before. We chose TI simply because it seemed to offer two rooms at the most reasonable price out of all the major hotels on the Strip. Check-in was efficient and we were given two rooms fairly close to each other. The beds really are as comfortable as everyone says (one of our party even stripped her bed down so she could note the name of the mattress!). As for the food, the buffet was good but I understand that the range was not as vast as at other places (not always a bad thing). Breakfast in the Coffee Shop was ok but the one big downside was that the staff there were rather inefficient. Being a first-timer, I can't really compare it to the other hotels on the Strip but I would happily stay there again ...and one of my friends who has stayed in several of the hotels said the same thing.	
Jul 27 2009	TREASURE ISLAND IS A FABULOUS PLACE TO STAY IN VEGAS!	We just got back from a July 18-22nd stay at the Treasure Island in Vegas and were very impressed with the place. We were given a free upgrade to the 36th floor with an AWESOME view of the STRIP!!!! Room 36034 to be exact. They also gave us a complimentary bottle of champagne for the night of our choice because we had mentioned that we had come there to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. The room was clean, vaulted ceilings, king size bed, optional smoking, but did not smell and was a delight to call home for our stay! We had also received free tickets, with the booking of our trip, to Cirque de Soleil's &quot;Mystere&quot; which has its own theatre right in the TI Hotel, fabulous show to see, amazing!!! We walked the strip in two shifts, one day to the left, going all the way to the Stratosphere and the next day to the right, going all the way down to Mandalay Bay, was fantastic to see the sights. From our window in our room we could also see the Bellagio watershow and the Mirage's lava show, both hotels are fairly close to the TI so is easy to walk out at night and experience both close up. I would highly recommend that you take in the Terry Fator show next door at the Mirage, we were able to get tix for $80 each at the tix for tonight booth, you will see them when you are out walking around. Terry is a ventriloquist/ impersonator that won America's Got Talent and boy does he ever!!!! Well worth the money, he is very impressive, funny, entertaining and lovable and his opening act is also good, was about a two hour show. Also take in Madame Tussaud's wax museum which is just across the street in the Venetian Hotel (was $40 for both after the coupon), some interactive pieces, some are very good and some are okay, you can find a $10 off coupon in some of the little Vegas booklets that you can find in the back of a cab, books of things to do. We also used a 2 for 1 coupon to go up the &quot;Paris&quot; Eiffel tower cost was only $10.50 for both of us, well worth it, kinda cool to be up that high, 540 feet, half of what the real Eiffel Tower is! We also took the monorail from the Sahara all the way to the MGM, cost was $10 for both and also cool to see the sights from there. The double decker &quot;Deuce&quot; bus costs $3 per person one way or $7 for 24 hours each. Is cool in the casino's, so you may want to have something you can slip on and off easy if you plan on gambling a fair amount. The Venetian Gondola rides were $32 for 2 for 13 minutes outside I believe, more for the indoor canals. We ate at the Coffee Shop in the TI and the food was great and not too bad a price. Also take in the &quot;Sirens of TI&quot; free show, out side of the TI where the ships are, has many cool things happening, but don't want to ruin it for you. There is people selling water on the streets for $1 a bottle, more are out at night but some during the day, as drinks can get quite expensive in the stores. Also you can gamble and the drinks are for free, just need to tip your server, like $1 or $2 , for 2 drinks. Go to the Players Club counter and get yourself a Players card, rack up your points and get free t-shirt or money the more you play, just ask someone. So go and have a great time, as we sure did, and enjoy your stay at this Beautiful Hotel!!!! Cost by taxi from airport to the TI is app. $25-$30One more thing, if you are looking for a travel agent to help you in any way, I would like to recommend ours, BETH BEIER works for TRAVELMASTERS out of Calgary, she has helped us for our 6 big trips we have taken and she has not disappointed us ever!!	
Jul 26 2009 	Very Pleased w/ Room 	My spouse and I enjoyed TI. The room was very clean, modern,and had lots of extras. Although we did not ask for anything extra, the customer service was friendly. TI is located on the strip; so, the location is not bad. Yet, the next time we go, I think I'll pick something middle strip.	
Jul 25 2009 	not the place to be on the Strip	Resort clearly is on the decline. Service is extremely poor. If you go there, don't eat there (I assume that's part of the hotel strategy to keep the guest from sitting in bars or restaurants but to get them to the game tables). We did visit the other resorts on the Strip and next time we will go to the Wynn's or Mandalay. Muuuch better, same price, greater value!	
Jul 23 2009 	Clean Rooms Great Location	Just got back from 3 nights in Las Vegas at TI. We arrived about 2 hours before the posted check in time, but were able to get our room after about 20 minutes in line. The line didn't seem that bad, however, as they must have had 8 or 9 clerks working the front desk. The room itself was very nice. We went with another couple, and they were able to give us rooms right next to each other and with a view south on the Strip - awesome view, especially at night. The location is perfect, with the Venetian and Palazzo, Wynn and Encore, Mirage and Caesars Palace all close neighbors. We took advantage of a deal they offered - book 3 nights, get up to 2 free tickets to Mystere. The rooms were $79.99/night. We were expecting the Mystere tickets to be towards the back of the room, but they placed us 4 rows up from the stage. Fantastic time there. We ate at Isla Mexican Kitchen (really great), the Coffee Shop (delicious breakfast), and had a buffet breakfast in the KahunaVillle dining room the morning we left (not so good).The casino was (surprisingly) not very smoky, especially by Las Vegas standards.All the staff were very accommodating, and we will definitely be back.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location - enjoyable stay	First time in Vegas. Got a great rate for my wife and our two sons. Room only, breakfast in the hotel quite expensive (cheaper to eat on the strip). Pay for TV and Internet access. Altogether a good experience at the hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	Treasure Island Good Location Right Price Clean Rooms	My husband and I stayed at TI (as it is now known) for 3 nights in July for a business convention in town. I booked here after reading the reviews on the comfortable beds (true) and remodeled contemporary styled rooms (true). It is located across the street from both the Venetian Palazzo and the Wynn, and next door to the Mirage (ride the tram there for free). The casino is just like most any other casino in Vegas with a mild Pirate-ish Caribbean flair to it. This area has not been remodeled but is in just fine condition. Check-in was fast and courteous, we even got a free upgrade already assigned to us before we got there. The pool area is not huge, but at the same time you have to remember that this hotel is about 1/3 the size of any of the new mega, multi towered hotels surrounding it, so it's actually probably just right for the number of guests registered. It's also something to consider if you don't enjoy walking through endless yards of smokey clouds since the elevators in this hotel are relatively close to the parking structure and tram. Something the newest hotels have figured out not to do anymore (ca-ching $$$). We had a pool view and I looked out my window on a Friday morning at 10am and there were still lots of spots available surprisingly (on a 110* F day in the desert). I was only at the resort for one afternoon and there was a fun, party, almost cruise like atmosphere outside. Only used Starbucks at the resort and did not dine here. Ate either at the Venetian (grand lux cafe) , Wynn (forgot name of place) and Mirage (buffet). TI is next door to an upscale mall and the tix4tonight store. For the price, it was great place to sleep at night, to have lots of extra money to spend on shows, good food, and a bit in the casinos. All in all , great stay for business, but bear in mind Vegas is not a place to bring children or adolescents no matter what resort you are at (even if a Pirate theme sounds tempting to you).	
Jul 21 2009 	very rude staff	well the rooms are very comfortable and good value for money however, the staff are abysmal. i went to pay for the internet for 2hrs on my wi-fi so i could book a trip through expedia so i went to reception to ask how i go about paying for it and the woman at the desk said i had to pay $500 ($100 for each remaining day) plus the $6.99 for 2 hours of internet because it was &quot;hotels policy&quot; this makes no sense whatsoever she then demanded my room number and i refused because i actually feared she would charge me stuff to my room. she was very rude and i cannot understand why she has got a job there. the bar staff however were fantastic. i would NOT go back to this hotel based on the attitude of this particular person.	
Jul 21 2009 	Loved it!	Stayed at TI 16-23rd June 2009 and I don't think I can fault it! Check in took about 10 minutes, asked if there were any upgrades available and was given a corner strip view room. The room was very spacious, the furnishings were new and tasteful. The bathroom was bigger than my one at home and the products supplied were actually really good, the conditioner especially was brilliant! The bed, as others have commented on, was the most comfy I've ever slept in!The casino wasn't as big as some of the other hotels on the strip, but that made it easier to navigate. Some have mentioned that the casino is very smoky, I didn't notice this at all, and as an asthmatic I'm very aware of smoke.The restaurants we tried were the Buffet for dinner, the Coffee Shop for breakfast and Canter's deli for dinner. My favourite was Canter's Deli, the food was always quick to arrive (we ate there quite a few times!) and the chicken noodle soup for $5 was really nice, with huge pieces of chicken breast in.The location of the hotel is fab, next to the Mirage and opposite the Venetian and the Palazzo. It's also pretty much central, I checked on Google Earth and it's 1.9 miles to Mandalay Bay and 1.9 miles to the Stratosphere.All in all I really enjoyed staying at TI, and definitely would again!	
Jul 20 2009 	Fun for a Younger Crowd	Let me preface this review by saying that we stayed here under casino comp. We paid for no food, room, drinks, ect. That being said, I will be as objective as possible based on the fact that they were very generous to us. This was our sixth trip in five years to LV and our first stay at Treasure Island. This hotel obviously caters to a much younger crowd. Young as in 20's &amp; 30's (we're 26 and 36) and young as in children. I have never seen as many children in Las Vegas as I saw in Treasure Island. They are everywhere. That being said, the hotel does a nice job of creating restaurants and adult themed spaces where children do not seem to pop up. Check In -- the check-in line was amazingly long. We were in the invited guests line and were in and out of check-in, with upgrade, within ten minutes. The main line was likely over an hour... be careful about the time you arrive. No bellman to help with bags, a first for Vegas. The casino is pretty nice as well -- offering a good selection of table games and slots of all denominations. Drink service (I drink 2 bottles of water an hour) is among the very best on the strip. I did get carded for playing by a waitress. I wasn't sure if I should be offended or flattered. The restaurants at TI are okay -- but you get what you pay for. The food is 7 out of 10 and you pay 5 out of 10 strip prices. It's a good deal. The rooms are very clean, but they are also rather small. The windows are particularly small. Well lit and offering good closet space, all in all a comfy room. VERY LIMITED room service. VERY. So limited I ordered only once and I'm normally at least two RS meals a day. I highly recommend TI to families with children who cannot find a sitter or are from outside the USA. (otherwise, leave your kids at home when you come to LV. please.) Also recommend for anyone wanting to pay a lower rate for a top notch resort.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great way to celebrate my 40th	This was our first trip to Vegas and it was great!! Arrived at TI Wednesday night. No line to wait in, straight to the front and straight to our room. Room was nicely decorated, very modern. The bed was the best part...probably the most comfortable bed ever! Buffet at TI was &quot;a buffet&quot; and nothing more. Had fun at Kahunaville, bartenders are fun! Don't buy any toiletries or bottles of water in the store at TI...double the cost! Walk across the street to Walgreens...save at least half! The pool was really quiet until Friday..lots of fun that night! Unfortunately we left early on Saturday morning. Purchase Show tickets the day of the shows across the street 1/2 price! We saw &quot;Peepshow&quot; with Holly Madison...great show. Will definately return to Vegas, but, will stay somewhere else. Nothing against TI, but, I want to experience all of the hotels eventually!!	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Value! Great Room! Great Location!	The Treasure Island hotel doesn't look like much from the outside, but dont let looks fool you. The place is great, and the rooms are even better. I've never slept on such a comfortable bed in a hotel in my entire life, and I've probably stayed at at least 50 different hotels. The rooms are nicely modernized by any pic you can find and see. They have ipod doc stations, which saved me because i forgot to charge my ipod fully before leaving home. The dressers + night stands for storing clothes or w/e are even nice, new and spacey. The closet even has a light come on when you slide the door open. The closet also has an easy to use safe.The central strip location of T.I is great, you have a Wallgreens across the street, and The Venetian is right next door to that. There's a tram inside T.I that takes you right to The Mirage. There's also a walkway over to the Fashion Show Mall, which has a 1/2 price tix shop.My two problems with the T.I are their Sirens outdoor show that runs pretty late and will wake you right up if you happen to fall asleep before midnight. I believe the noise stops shortly before 1am though.The buffet isn't so great, and for the money they charge you can defintely find better options nearby	
Jul 20 2009 	Very nice but could have used a fridge 	Loved the location of TI and the staff was very friendly. Food prices are higher than we expected and it would have been nice to have a fridge/micro in our room. We got great deal because it was during a very hot month. Made a trip to Wal-Mart and got a case of water and kept them cold with ice from ice machines. If you are not from this area....drink plenty of water as you will get sick quick without it. We saw Cris Angel and ate at the TI buffet (very good). Our rooms were very clean and beds were comfortable. We stayed here 7 days with a 16 yr old. We did alot of walking and sightseeing. Would def recommend TI!!!!!	
Jul 18 2009 	Treasure Island - Comfy Beds!!!	My husband and I, along with another couple, stayed at the TI from July 13-17 2009. This hotel is located in a perfect spot along the strip that allows easy access to all the major attractions. For an older hotel the rooms were up to date and very clean. The bed was VERY comfortable. The only downfall of the rooms were there were no mini-fridge or coffee maker and the bathroom lighting was poor. We only ate at the buffet at TI once for breakfast and weren't impressed so ate at other hotels for the remainder of our stay, The best buffets by far were at The Wynn and The Mirage. The Sirens show at TI is a MUST SEE. The Sin City Comedy Show at PH was a disapointment. Freemont Street is well worth the trip...make sure you visit here at night to check out the light show!!If taking cab from the airport be sure to tell cabbie to take Paradise Road NOT the Interstate...it should only cost you ~$15 to get to the hotel this way...the Interstate costs min $25. The best way to get around the strip is to purchase a 24hr bus (Deuce) pass for $7. There is a free tram that travels between TI and the Mirage which also comes in handy.	
Jul 18 2009 	Good  location rooms and service.	We arrived about 10:00 PM Friday. There was a long line at check in, but moved quickly. The check in clerk was very nice, and had us checked in about two minutes with a strip view room.The room. It had a nice view, updated, and clean. The only problem I had with the room was no fridge. Also the water was hot, AC worked, and the drains worked.The Staff. All the staff we encounterd were friendly, and profesional. One thing that worried me was a lack of hotel security.The resturants. The buffet was very good for the price.The Mexican resturant food was good, but not worth the price The deil 32$ for two cornbeef sandwichs, frys, and drinks need I say more. The Italian resturant food was very overpriced,and terrible. However the staff at all the resturants were great, and so was the service.The casino. The casino area is good in size. We never had a problem finding a table or a slot machine. They had low stake tables during the day, and drink service was ok.The bars, and clubs. The casino bar, and the ultra lounge service was good. The club was ok. Must have been graphic T-Shirt night. I wasnt aware till I got there.The pool. The pool area nice, and clean. Wait staff was fast. We had no problem finding chairs.All in all a good resort for the price I got thru an online offer sent to me, and would stay there again.	
Jul 18 2009 	Good Hotel but a few minor issues.	Stayed 5 nights - checked in on July 12 at noon. There was a large lineup, but it moved quickly. The room was on the 26th floor at the end of the west wing; nice view of Wynns and north strip up to Stratosphere. Good air conditioning, large bathroom, comfortable bed and the flat screen TV with HD channels were nice. However, there was no clock radio/alarm in the room. We requested one on the day before we left, but when we got back to the room late evening, we still did not have one. Also, there was no hotel directory in the room; maybe they are still working on them since the ownership change. Recommend paying an extra dollar and eat breakfast at the Mirage Buffet; better quality, more selection and a pot of coffee at your table.	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful Experience	The view from our room was unbelieveable! It was like a dream. And the beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I need to find out what those were and buy one. Friendly, professional staff and quick check in and valet parking.	
Jul 17 2009 	TI - a GREAT value in an amazing location on the Strip! Would return for sure!	First time staying here. We always like going in TI, enjoy the property and whats left of the theming, so when TI popped up as a good bang for the buck with Southwest package we were booking we jumped on it. We try to stay somewhere different every trip too, makes for a new experience every time. In the past we have stayed at the Mirage, MGM, Excalibur, Monte Carlo and PH (when it was the Aladdin).The rooms were wonderful - very clean, spacious, great windows, great TV, great everything. The bed was so comfy I cant even express it in words and I miss it. In-room safe, hairdryer, iron, full length mirrors, and a big tub.Check-in was very smooth. There was a line, but it moved very quickly (same with check-out). We were in line and had our keys in hand in about 10 minutes. I very politely asked about a room with a nice view (no $20 sandwich because Im too chicken) and the girl helping us very seriously responded Strip views are $30 additional per night. I could tell she had probably dealt with this question several times that day before we even arrived so I didnt press the issue as were barely in the room anyway. We still ended up with a view of the mountains and the valley and part of the Strip. Our view was actually beautiful at sunset and at night. I dont think you can really have a bad view at TI unless you consider anything other than the other hotels a bad view.The pool area was very nice, and one of the cleaner ones Ive been to in Vegas. Yes, it isnt as big as some of the others, but its laid out very nicely, the waitresses are very attentive, and it wasnt quite as loud as some of the other pools. We never had trouble finding chairs, even front row by the pool-this includes weekend days and getting to the pool after 10am. We were even there on the weekend of the UFC fight. It was crowded but no more crowded than any other pool during the summer. The people to pool ratio was the same as everywhere else. The Mirage is still the most crowded pool Ive been to. The only con Id say about the pool was the hot tub. The hot tub is HUGE and because its huge it doesnt get very hot I mean, it was very warm, but it never actually felt like a hot tub, more like a really warm bath. I guess having it be too hot would be silly anyway since it was like 110 degrees out, hahaThe food choices are pretty good - the Coffee Shop has an awesome breakfast, we went there twice. Kahunaville was a little too pricey for food for us, but we got drinks there one night and it was fun. There's also Isla (Mexican) and Pho (Vietnamese). TI is located very close to other places like the Venetian and Fashion Show Mall which have food courts and fast food. The Mirage also has a good food selection and is right next door.Overall TI exceeded my expectations and I would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 17 2009 	Fantastic Anniversary Trip	My husband and I celebrated our 10th anniversary at TI with our first trip to Vegas. We were so pleased with the location of the hotel and after walking down the strip in 100 degree heat we loved the fact that the hotel lobby was so close to the street. We didn't have to waste alot of time hiking through the lobby. For such a large hotel, it didn't feel that big like some others we walked through. The room was beautiful, clean, and very comfortable. Check-in was easy and our room was ready for us at 11:00 a.m. We had great experiences with the staff. My husband lost a money clip with $400 cash and we talked with lost and found and our housekeeper. Turns out he dropped it at the Starbucks downstairs and someone turned it in (amazing!) and security handed over to us with all the money still there (more amazing!!) Our housekeeper asked us about it the next day, she was very sweet! We wished we had better utilized the bus as the stop was right outside the hotel, but the location on the strip was great. It was actually a very pretty part of the strip with Wynn and Palazzo across the street and Mirage next door. (No trashy hooker flyers here!) The 24 hour walgreens across the street was a life saver.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great hotel for the money	I stayed here with a group of friends for a Vegas birthday trip. I was pleasantly surprised with how nice and comfy the rooms were. Good service in the restaurants, casino and bars. The only drawback is that the pool itself is small. Lots of chairs, cabanas and poolside restaurant and bar. The waitresses at the pool were great. In summary, a great bargain in the middle of the strip.	
Jul 16 2009 	excellent value great hotel!	My wife, myself, and our 3 &amp; 5 year old daughters were in town for a family wedding @ Bellagio. Bellagio didn't even offer a discount for guests, even though we wanted 10 rooms and were dropping $5,000+ on their wedding package, so my family stayed @ T.I., and are glad we did!Check in at 6:00 PM on a Tuesday was quick (2-3 minutes in line, 3 minutes more to complete check-in). We did NOT have to pay an additional fee for our 2 kids as we had expected, and from check-in to elevators was only 90-second walk. Our room had a northern view, no big deal (a view of the sunset instead of the strip or lagoon).The Room was about average size (a little larger than the Paris where we stayed a few weeks later on another trip), and booking the room online directly from TI's website was $10 or more cheaper than ANY of the online travel sites! ($59 per night)The beds were the absolute BEST I've ever slept on in a hotel (pillow-tops), there was a 32 inch flat panel HDTV with HD service in the room, and the bathroom and closet were more than big enough. It was also the quietest las vegas hotel room I ever stayed in, NO NOISE whatsoever from neighbors, and barely noticed when noisy guests would occasionally walk by our room in the hallway.TI's main show (Cirque du soleil's 'mystere') is one of vegas's best, and kid friendly (50% off for kids tickets). Their Buffet is slightly overpriced, but still pretty darn good. Kahunaville (by the cirque theater) is a great place for a pre-show meal or lunch before or after using the pool. Make sure to get the discount (or free) meal flyers or free drink flyers being handed out near the entrance to kahunaville for the best deals. Their burgers are EXCELLENT!TI's pool is pretty large &amp; clean, there are lots of chaise lounges, and good service poolside for drinks or food. The pool was Kid-friendly on the week-days we were there, but crowded (it was June).The 'Sirens' show in the lagoon is free, a little bit racy, and very cheesy. Not too sexy or adult for my 5-year old in my opinion, and the pyrotechnics were exciting for her (you can feel the heat from the fire all the way down on the sidewalk). It's cheesy, but one of those vegas 'must-see' things...I'll stay here next time we're in town, definitely worth the price, and a clean, comfortable stay!	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel	This was our last stop on our way home cross country. What a pleasure it was to stay at this hotel. The beds were comfortable, the television was large, the room was quiet. There is no refrigerator in there. Went to watch the Sirens show downstairs, definitely not for young kids, a little too sexy. The buffet was good, but not cheap. You can go somewhere else for cheaper food. I would definitely recommend staying here!	
Jul 14 2009 	Honest Review by an AverageTraveler	I usually book my trips to Vegas with a budget in mind, so cost is an issue. This has led me to stay at places such as: Luxor, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, Circus Circus (please don't ever stay there) and at last Treasure Island. Treasure Island was by far the best of the afore mentioned hotels. Check in was quick, and the young man checking us was very pleasant and helpful. He showed us a map of the hotel and let us, and the couple we were traveling with, pick the exact rooms we wanted. We were even allowed to check in early. The newly remodeled rooms were a wonderful treat to come back to at the end of the day. I absolutely can not say enough about the comfort of the bed. I would book this place again based on this pillow topped pleasure alone. The rooms are clean and very comfortable. The decor was contemporary, and equipped with a flat screen TV. The rooms were also well insulated and we had no trouble with noise coming from the hall or the other rooms. The casino was nice and clean and easy to navigate. There was a great selection of restaurants to chose from. We tried almost all of them and have no complaints. My husband slipped into the salon for a quick hair cut and we were very impressed with the service their as well.The location of TI is perfect. Its right beside the fashion show mall, and across the street from the Venetian, which is another one of our favorite spots on the strip. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a exceptional place to stay on a budget. You won't be disappointed.	
Jul 13 2009 	Vegas Retreat really a blast!	Easy 10pm check in. I asked for free upgrade they said not free, $40 more a night I said okay but they did not have non-smoking so I was offered a smoking upgrade at no extra charge yippee! High floor, corner room outstanding view of mountains and north strip Mirage volcano and Bellagio fountains. Smoking room but did not stink. Pool was clean and fun but very hot. Housekeeping was polite and professional. Liked the room key for elevator. I did not like the buffet  breakfast or dinner. Slots on Monday through Thursday very tight. Friday same slots switched on and I won and won $. Location to the mall is great for spending money on something you can actually use. Saw Mystere and Love wonderful shows. Saw Terry Fater, great show but interesting TV mentality audience.	
Jul 13 2009 	This hotel is a real treasure	I was a little nervous about staying here from some mixed reviews but from the moment I walked into the hotel everything was wonderful.Check-in was quick and simple, even at 3pm, and I was given a mid level floor with a strip facing room without even asking.I was just being nice.Room was great - super clean and amazingly comfortable. The room was huge, bed was so comfortable and the bathroom was just what I needed. It even had great little toiletries which worked until I got to the store.Staff were always friendly, apart from a few at the buffet in the morning, but I couldn't fault anyone else.Location was great and the tram to the mirage was a great little extra which I used, especially in 106 heat. The Sirens of the TI show hasn't changed much in 5 years but it was fun to see in the &quot;vip&quot; area for hotel guests. It's alot more fun being in the front!I was a little concerned about the pool before I got there but I thought it was great and although I had two cabana days, the rest of the pool wasn't that crowded. If you are thinking about having a cabana day or two I would say go for it. I was planning on just having one but after the service on the first I booked a second. For a full day at the pool this is the way to do it and worth every cent of the $200. There is a TV, fully stocked fridge with the option of a free refill of the fridge if you need it, huge fruit plate, personal misters above the sun loungers and amazing service. I couldn't have faulted it.I have stayed in alot of hotels (I lived in one for 5 months for work last year) so I have really high standards which TI lived upto. Over all I had an amazing time at TI and would definately return to the hotel again.	
Jul 12 2009 	First trip to Vegas was great	This was our first trip to Vegas, so we didn't know what to expect. I picked one of the cheaper, nice, hotels...looked at the website...and hoped for the best. The lobby seemed a little chaotic, but I think we were a little overwhelmed with so much going on in Vegas so early. The front desk person was very nice and the service was fast. The room was amazing! We had a great view of the Trump and Macys...glad I had my card in my wallet! The room was clean, well decorated and very comfortable. I'd love to stay there again on my next visit, but I want to try another spot.	
Jul 11 2009 	Awesome beds and pillows!!	This hotel was in a fairly good loaction with a tram available to visit Mirage however the first impression wasnt too impressive as when we arrived things seemed a bit disorientated to when we are able to check-in. Once checked in our rooms were quite impressive as they were very clean, modern and spacious even the bathroom. Most importantly i must say that the beds and the pillows were the best! They were very comfy with no faults. The facilities provided in the hotel was also good expect for the pool which i am not able to comment as it was closed during our stay but Overall i would definately recommend this hotel for thier rooms or to be more specific, their beds and given the price that we paid it was definatley worth it!!!	
Jul 10 2009 	Perfect location - good experience overall	The hotel is perfectly located in the middle of las vegas bv., 10-minute walk to the Bellagio, Mirage and 1 minute from the Venetian. Rooms clean, staff kind and the gambling machines equal to the other hotels. The price was incredible. A negative aspect: Try and avoid Cristian Audigier (the hotel's disco). It is terrible!.	
Jul 10 2009 	One of the most comfortable beds in Vegas	I went on my first (spur of the moment) trip to Las Vegas and chose Treasure Island since it was on the Strip and looked convenient to other casinos.The check-in process was very orderly and smooth. The staff were very friendly and accomodating. I was afraid that I would not be able to check-in since I arrived at 10:30am. No problem, I was able to get a non-smoking, King bedroom facing the Strip.You walk through a portion of the VERY SMOKEY casino on the way to the elevator(s)--the major con-(I think they should at least make that area non-smoking).Upon exiting the elevator the decor is very modern and incredibly clean. When I opened my door, I think my jaw dropped and I thought WOW. Everything was very modern--from the black lacquer furniture to the flat screen tv. The bed--WAS one of the most comfortable beds I have ever been in! The linens were high quality with the comforter appearing and feeling like it was made of down as were the pillows.The bathroom was large, well lit and had a sunken bathtub. The entire room screamed LUXURY. Even TI's lotion,soap,shampoo &amp; conditioner known as WET is luxurious and silky and smells great.The biggest downfall is there is NOT free internet service. The cost through the hotel was $13 per 24 hour period. However, your wireless will pick up a ton of other servers which cost as little as $25 for 3 days.The tv is a good size--flat screen and a crisp picture.There was a good choice of television stations, however I do not recall getting HBO or SHOWTIME.Don't expect a microwave, frig or coffee maker. There is an iron and ironing board and a hair dryer in the closet.The room was incredibly clean. The maid was very nice in the morning. The first morning she knocked on my door at 9:00--(that was abit early for me). She was very apologetic and came by at 10:00 the subsequent days.My room overlooked the Strip and was right above the TI show--which includes fake fire, fireworks and lots of noise. The show goes off at 730,930 and 1130.Originally the &quot;pirate show&quot; was geered towards children, but had the reputation of being mundane and boring. The show now involves adult themes and it revolves around female vixens trying to take over a male pirate ship. It is worth watching once.The Restaurants are expensive when compared to other eating establishments at Ceasars and surrounding areas. My first meal (lunch) cost $18.00.The tropical drinks (which are available from the bar at the pool) are very high...$17 for a Pina Colada.There is a Starbucks for your morning coffee jolt and a Ben and Jerry's for an evening ice cream.In terms of the restaurants, I learned to go out to the surrounding areas and find much more economical restaurants. The food at TI was very good though-the Service was slow. I had a meal at one Italian restaraunt.The pool was disappointing. It was crowded and people were standing around with their drinks in hand and often cigarettes in the other. You had to maneuver just to get to the other side. The pool was no higher then 2 1/2 feet. If you want a pool that you can swim in, you will not find it here. On Friday afternoon the DJ came out and played the music loud and the drinks flowed. The average age seemed to be somewhere in the mid-20's early 30's. There was definitely a PARTY atmosphere. My opinion was the music was very loud because everyone was shouting to have themselves heard over it.The casino was smokey in many areas and expect lots of drinking. You have to seek out &quot;non-smoking&quot; sections. It can be very noisy. The bars close at 6am and if you walk through the casinos at 5:00am it will be as loud and active as is at11:00pm.There are slots, craps, blackjack, poker and most of the games associated with most other casinos. I won the most on the penny slots. There did not appear to be any Big winners.I went to see a show at the theatre. The price was good and it was very convenient. Definitely check out the shows at TI as well as the surrounding areas.Take the tram over to Mirage or the walk-way to the Fashion Square Mall(High end stores--Saks,Bloomingdales etc). Explore the Forum shoppes at Ceasars and the stores at the Venetian. I had enough shopping to last a year.You can drink anywhere and everywhere--this includes on the streets.You get a good deal for your money. I would definitely return to TI, but request that my room not be located right above the nightly shows.	
Jul 9 2009 	The best value in Vegas! But dinner...go elsewhere	This is my second time staying at this hotel, and both times were great. It's near many other great casinos, has a great pool, has some great bars and it is so much less expensive than some of the other hotels on the strip. My one complaint is that I had one terrible experience at the Kahunaville restaurant. Our waitress, Andrea, was extremely rude and sarcastic. I have never had to leave a restaurant without tipping, until that night. Other than one bad experience though, the rest of the staff is so friendly and the casino is a lot of fun!	
Jul 9 2009 	Fantastic. Incredible value for money.	Rooms are all renovated and are really good.Pool and hot tub were good.Lot's of places to sit around the pool.Good location on strip.	
Jul 9 2009 	Very nice hotel in a great location	The room was up to date and very clean. The staff at the Coffee Shop Pizzeria Francesco's were extremely friendly. It is a great location!! For a less expensive place to eat and shop, the Fashion Show Mall is directly across the street. The self-park feature was very accessible unlike some of the other hotels that needed to access from the Boulevard, which is extremely jammed with cars. The hotel pool is a moderate size so during peak season, it would have probably been a little crowded. We were very happy with the hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 8 2009 	Just booked TI again!	Best Vegas hotel I've stayed in for party crowd! Great value for money, buffet is decent and the rooms are really good. The bed was amazing!!Went for a bachelor party and just booked TI for another 9 nights in Nov'09.Great location on the strip too!Pool is a little small but atmosphere is incredible!Only down side is the length of time waiting for room service. 45 mins for a sandwich!	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice but not Great	TI was nice, the staff was helpful and friendly, the price was decent, but the hotel does show signs of needing some remodeling. The room was clean, the bed very comfortable. The bathroom was decent and clean but overall both the bedroom and bathroom could use some upgrading. The hotel doesn't have a cafe where you can just get a coffee or soda and a sandwich which forces you to go outside if you don't want to spend a lot of money. The casino is a little dark and drab and the Siren Show is ridiculous...there's no need to see it, it's a waste and almost embarrasing. Overall we enjoyed our stay but wouldn't stay there again unless they do some renovations and offer better food places.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good place to stay nice location	good location right next to the Fashion Show Mall. Didnt use the pool, but it wasnt as fancy as some of the other hotels (Mirage, Wynn etc). If you are staying in the hotel you can show your room key and get preferntial viewing of the Sirens show each night which was handy, saved queueing and scrambling for a good place to standnice cafe/restaraunt downstairs which had nice breakfasts, worth checking out. rooms were nice, not quite as fancy as the Mirage, but then price was a bit less. very reasonable considering location	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice hotel but room could have been better	We booked this trip on a sale (of course, trips to Vegas in May was ridiculously cheap) and it was rated 4 stars. It was clean but it's nothing special. The air conditioning unit was a little noisy, room was very plain and it smells a little...damp which is weird because it's in the desert. Decent location, it's not in the middle like we were told by friends it was going to be, it's kind of at the end of the new strip and the old strip. But it's right beside the Fashion Mall and they had sales every day (my bf had to go back many times to pick up gifts for family)! Overall, i would stay there again if we get it for a steal. You won't stay in your hotel much anyways, so as long as I get a good rest and it's clean, that's all i ask for.	
Jul 7 2009 	TI was Awesome!	It was our first trip to Las Vegas; and, my husband and I decided to stay at Treasure Island after reading several reviews and browsing numerous websites. It was such a good choice! We really enjoyed ourselves. The beds, by far, were that best part of our stay. The TI buffet was good (*only ate breakfast) but I enjoyed the buffet at the Mirage better. In terms of price-I didn't feel that it was too bad, esp. for July 4th weekend. TI was such a low-key hotel, which is what we were looking for. There were lots of older couples and groups there. It's location in the middle of the strip was great! Close walking distance to the Mirage, Venetian, Palazzo, Fashion Show Mall, The Wynn and Encore made it all the more enjoyable. The toiletries from Wet Spa in TI were average. I found better stuff at the Walgreens across the street. We took the duece-buy the 3 day pass for $21- to a few of the other hotels on the lower part of the strip and decided that we were in the best location. There were several sales persons at the Mandalay Bay, Luxor, etc. that were trying to sell time shares. If that is what you are looking for on your vacation, then I would recommend that you stay there. We got really good rates on show tickets-2 for 1 deals- for Mystere and Bill Maher at The Orleans. Be sure to utilize Tix-for-Tonight at the Fashion Show Mall for really good deals. We also ventured downtown to the Fremont Experience. I would go just to see it and eat fried twinkies, but don't expect much. I felt safer at The Orleans Hotel.Overall, great trip! Would stay at TI again!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Value - Brilliant Location!	My brother and I stayed at the Treasure Island for 6 nights at the end of June. We paid 350 through Expedia  and could have stayed at the Luxor for the same price through a different website. We were glad that we picked the Treasure Island. A friend who had visited both hotels said there was not much difference apart from the location  of which, the Treasure Island had the upper hand! The Luxor was a fair walk away from the majority of the hotels youll want to visit  where as Treasure Island was slap bang in the middle of everything. It was right across from the Wynn and had a free tram service that took you straight to the Mirage every 4 minutes.  I couldnt really fault Treasure Island. The casino area is nice  it has a nice reception area, with some decent looking cafes and restaurants inside. Its not as big as the likes of the Belagio but I liked that  as I didnt get lost! When we arrived there was a huge queue for checking in!.. so be expected to wait. We only waited 30 minutes but I saw the queue whilst we were on holiday and it must have been at least a 2 hour wait! Staff on reception were friendly enough  and pretty quick. We got a nice room on the 16th floor overlooking the Wynn.  We ate at the buffet restaurant they have there a few times  once for breakfast and twice for munch. We were really impressed with the quality of all the food available the lunch menu was way better than the breakfast so if you can wait till then  go at lunch! There is a choice of some Chinese dishes  and a load of Sunday roast type food including mash and sweet potatoes. We were spoiled for choice only to find out there was a whole section wed missed with pizza, potatoes, salmon.. allsorts! What I liked best was the pasta area where they will make you whatever pasta you like with whatever sauce you like.. this pasta was tastier than a lot of meals Ive eaten at Italian restaurants in England or even in Rome, Florence, Venice etc for that matter! And the cake selection was awesome.. I didnt want to leave! They have a buffet restaurant in the Wynn which is supposed to be very nice but it was too busy when we went.  The pool area was crazy!.. it was unlike any pool area I have seen on holiday before. Basically it was like a night club  only it was during the day and everyone stood in the pool wearing their swimming costume rather than on a dance floor. I thought it would be annoying but the DJ was really good  he played loads of cool rock music and there was something for everyone. The party just kept going on all day. I was slightly concerned about the amount of people in the pool who all drinks  and the lack of people using the toilets. I tended to either chill by the bed  which you could usually get hold of, or chill by the hot tub.  The rooms are very modern  with a bathroom that was like the size of a living room compared to European hotel bathrooms! There were loads of channels available on the television and the bed was ridiculously comfy! Theres not much else to say about the hotel because we didnt spend a great deal of time there.  Things we did and enjoyed in Vegas including; visiting the other hotels, the Wynn was the nicest, and the Belagio fountains were unbelievable! I also really liked New York New York. We hired a car from Dream Cars when we were there  we got a ford mustang for the day at a decent price and drove to the Grand Canyon  this is one hell of a drive but well worth the trip! We got to see the Hoover Dam too, but the Grand Canyon was way better than the Hoover dam. Do not break the speed limit  I learnt the hard way in Arizona and got landed with a $242 speeding fine! Dream Cars has two offices  one near the Wynn on South Drive and one just past the Harley Daveyson bar on the left of the strip walking from TI. Be warned though, if you do drive to the Grand Canyon  that they charge around 25-100 cents per mile after the first 100 miles the price depends on the quality of car you take  it cost us 25 cents per mile in the mustang.  We got a taxi to the Gun Store which is about 3  miles away and around 15-20 dollars in a taxi it was fun here but very expensive  we both pushed the boat out and did the terminator package  thats all the guns from the terminator  was pretty cool! A few restaurants Id recommend would be Stack in the Mirage and BOA Steakhouse on the 3rd floor of Ceasers Palace.  Thats about it really  if youre going have a good time and try not to gamble your life savings away. Feel free to message me if you have any questions.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice hotel...but bell/guest serviced not so nice...	Location good, well it's positioned at one end of the strip and if you don't mind walking, it is fine, we found that many consider the strip to be a long tediuos walk, but when you're on holidays, it doesn't' matter as there is so much to see and do. The room was very nice, spacious, modern, although no fridge....but not a real problem for my husband and I. We found the guest services to be very impersonal, and treat you more like a production line (number) rather than a person. Pool very nice and the buffet at TI is not to be missed. Saw Mystere and if you are a TI guest prices are 2 for 1, this was a pleasant surprise. Don't forget to check out Tix4Tonight, to get cheaper tickets on shows and restuarants. Internet is not free and can get quite expensive...Overall, stay at hotel was nice, but i would consider staying somewhere else as there are so many choices along the strip.	
Jul 6 2009 	TI is trying too hard...	TI is an average 3 star hotel. We had a room directly across from the ice machine on a low floor overlooking the freeway. The pool area is small and crowded. We had a hard time getting lounge chairs until late in the day (around 6pm), even though most were empty but reserved with towels the whole day. Difficult to get water at the pool as machines were empty and waits at the bar were long. The spa services were rushed and extremely overpriced. A mandatory 20% gratuity is ridiculous when you don't get the service described in the brochure. Restaurants were average but overpriced. We received a $9 bowl of guacamole at Isla Mexicana which might have been 1/3 cup and came with the chips and salsa. The room was clean and beds were comfortable. We had problems in the bathroom with the sink draining very slowly and the toilet flushing slowly. Only had one washcloth in the room. We received an early morning call from housekeeping asking when they could clean the room - we had the Do Not Disturb sign up. We advised them we were leaving in 15 min and when we returned about 5 hours later, the room had still not been cleaned. What was the rush? The pop and water machines were broken and/or empty most of the weekend. Multiple requests to the hotel did not rectify the issue. We were in the VIP section for the Sirens show and hotel security let the public viewers crowd into our area so were were pressed up at the back and unable to see. No promotional materials in the room outlining services of the hotel, restaurants, room service etc. The internet and services guide on the TV did not work. Poor signage throughout the hotel - it was hard to find the restaurants and pool area. Security servivces were poor in the evening - security staff stood there but did not check room keys before letting people on the elevators. TI is trying hard to be hip. It is one of the only hotels with no &quot;theme.&quot; People like themes in Vegas - bring some pirate stuff into the hotel to make it memorable. I would not return to TI unless I got an amazing deal on the rooms and there were no other options.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice room unfriendly staff	We stayed 4 nights at the Treasure Island. The hotel is at a very good location, on the strip. The view of the strip from the room was great (we had booked a Strip View room) and the room was spacious and clean. Beds were very comfortable and bathroom was OK. However, what gave a bad impression was the staff. Upon arrival, we greeted the lady at the front desk, and all she said was &quot;ID&quot; (not even &quot;good afternoon&quot;) and took our passports. I asked for breakfast prices, and she told me it is 17 USD for the buffet. However, in front of the buffet room, the price quoted is 14 USD!We do not eat much so we did not try the buffet. Instead we had breakfast at the Cafe, the continental breakfast was OK for us. But there too the staff is not friendly!We asked whether we were entitled to free show tickets (it was on the hotel website valid for 3+ nights). The front desk lady said yes and sent us to the box office. The box office had to call the front desk to ensure we were entitled to the tickets, and then they told us we were not!! Next day we had booked a trip to Grand Canyon, and when we got back at 9.30pm we found a voice message, telling us we could pick up our tickets until 6pm!!!The swimming pool is very crowded and there is no space between the sunbeds.The casino is very noisy, you can constantly hear the tunes from the slot machines really loud. The atmosphere is not at all elegant, and again, no one of the staff is friendly. We went to other casinos as well, the Venetian and the Palazzo were much better, but the best is the Wynn. We also tried restaurants at both the Venetian and the Wynn and we were happy with the service, everybody was polite and professional.Internet charge is 15USD daily and they attempted to double charge us, because we used 2 different laptops (i.e. the charge is not per room but per laptop??). We refused to pay and they agreed to remove it from our bill.Overall, we would not stay again there. And as for the staff, prisoners would have looked happier.	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent!	To is a great hotel. This was our first trip to vegas and we wanted to stay at a hotel in the center of the strip. The location was perfect, the staff was friendly and helpful. Our plane was delayed due to mechanical problems and we didn't get to the hotel until after 11pm, so they offered us a free upgrade to a suite! The room was clean and had a great view. The pool was great and the hottub was perfect to relax in after a day of exploring the strip. It was a manageable size compared to the other casinos, not too big, not too small. I also highly recommend Mystere! Great show. The sirens show is also one of the most fun shows and it is free. We had a fantastic time and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 4 2009 	Good value but ordinary service/facilities	I booked my 2 night stay direct with the hotel, for approx. US$60 per night plus taxes.Check in... my gosh. This obviously wasn't an ordinary day but TI's computer (reservation?) system went down at around noon. I arrived to check in at 5pm and there were hundreds of people waiting to check in, snaked all the way out to the front entrance. Guests that had arrived earlier had been asked to come back in a couple of hours, so there were 5hrs of people waiting by the time I got there. It took 2hrs to get through the line and get checked in. I was arriving for a 7.30pm show at another casino, so my leisurely check in, shower and dine became a mad scramble to get there on time - which I just did with 3mins to spare!Other than check in, my room was generally ok. Spacious and had a view over The Strips and Siren Cove. Some people have mentioned noise problems in these rooms but I was never ready to sleep before midnight so this did not bother me.Towels were thin, and pillows had some stains on them - bathroom was also missing a couple of towels. Hallways had many room service items waiting to be collected, generally untidy. This level of service may have been due to the computer problem.I didn't not spend time at the pool but it looked very average. Very few dining options (Isla looked good though), and nothing available for take-out after 11pm-ish. Nothing special by way of shopping.Sirens of TI show was tragic - really poor acting/dancing, porn movie level. Check it out, but don't expect much.For the price, I was happy with the general standard of my room, excluding some cleanliness issues. Excluding check in I was happy with my stay here.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great hi-energy youthful getaway	Super trip, first time at the property...really convenient location, staff were friendly, rooms were great...atmosphere (especially the pool) was awesome. Outlets offer a little something for eveyone. Close proximity to other larger hotels on the central strip and of course the Fashion Show Mall is just next door.We'd go back in a heartbeat...Of note the pool is best on the weekend with the DJ...think of Spring Break - awesome!!!	
Jul 3 2009 	Great Time	Had a great time in Vegas, TI was great, check in fast, got in at noon and they let us go to the room, maid service great, all the public areas seemed to be well taken care of, restrooms clean, I tryed to take the bed and bedding home but to big for my suitecase. the bed was great, i want one and the bedding. My only big cripe was the cost of food who pays 35.00 for breakfast for 2 people I did, but after going to other hotels on the stripall the meals are over priced.2.50-3.00 for a bottle of water or soda. Take extra money for food, we even checked the buffets 15.00 - 23.00 for breakfast, cant eat 15.00 worth of breakfast food. Go to Walgreen across the street and pick up snacks and water a little cheaper if you buy a six pack. wear good shoes, you will do alot of walking. All the staff at TI were great.	
Jul 2 2009	Treasure Island Great Place to Stay	We stayed at TI from Friday June 26th-Monday June 29th. I was alittle worried at some of the reviews I read, but none of the negative comments I read were true in my opinion. I think that some people just cant be pleased. We arrived early, about 9am, early check in was not availble yet, no big deal, naturally we headed to the bar and had a few bloody marys and played some video blackjack, great way to start the trip! At about 10:45 we went to wait in line for early check in, we were the second in line. At 11:00 on the dot the check in line opened up. We were helped by Rebbeca, she was very helpful and nice. Check in was smooth and easy and we were given some freebees and coupons as well!! Our rooms were very modern and the bed was unreal!! we had a strip view as well as a view of the pool, excellent views!! I felt the service all around was great during our stay, we rented a Cabana poolside for a day, great deal for $250.00 the fridge in the cabana was stocked with a case of soda and a case of water, we also got a fruit tray which was excellent. The drink/food servers at the pool area were great as well, they stopped by every 20 mins or so and the frozen drinks were awesome!!!! The DJ by the pool was very fun, he played great music, it was a party in the pool!! everyone was having a great time, what a great idea!!! As far as food, im not sure, my wife and I ate at the Canter deli, had some excellent onion rings, my mom and stepdad had breakfast once and really enjoyed it. We also went the the Night club in TI, it was awesome relaxing out on the patio right in front of the water out front, great view of the strip as well. I would highly recommend TI to anyone, its a great price, great value, and you will have a great time if you stay there. Trust me, I wouldnt have taken the time to write a review if I didnt feel strong about the great stay you will have if you decided to stay at TI.	
Jun 29 2009 	Good hotel good not great	There is nothing particularly wrong with Treasure Island, however going around some of the other hotels you see what is lacking. It is very clean, our room was lovely with a fantastic view of the strip. Location was good, could have done with being a little bit more central (i.e. Paris/Bellgaio) but still good. The main thing we found that was in comparison to such hotels as the Ventetian and Paris there was no good shops and restaurants in the hotel, which meant you had to venture out for eating/shopping. There was also no atmosphere within the hotel, with the two afore mentioned hotels, the theme ran through the hotel whereas Treasure Island's theme is only outward. The poolside is very very busy and you cant actually swim as there are so many people in the pool.Ok place to stay for the price but I would look elsewhere for a second trip to Vegas.	
Jun 29 2009 	excellent hotel rooms and location	The room was huge, with a very comfortable king size bed. The bathroom also big and nice. We were overlooking the north of the Strip which meant you could hear it. However, this didn't stop us getting a good night sleep.The check in was excellent - fast, friendly and efficient.Being in the central section of the Strip means you are right in themiddle of the action. The free tram to the Mirage also means you can save yourself a little walking.We would stay here again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Outstanding	The Treasure Island Las Vegas was a real treat. Our room rate was great and the room was really nice. The bed was very comfortable and plush; also our room had a great view of the strip and boat show, which was entertaining. The only downfall concerning the room was that it did not have a mini fridge. The pool area was very large and enjoyable. I would definitely stay at the Treasure Island Las Vegas again.	
Jun 27 2009 	stay away from that placesorry we went there	We went to Treasure Island hotel,Vegas to celebrate my B-day a big Big 60 for me.the staff on checkin was arrogant and to young,I ask if we could get some cupons or anything free because its my B-day and we never been to vegas befor,the girl on the desk ,just said no sorry no upgrade that cost you 30 $ more,and ignored us.the room was ok..nothing special,the casino was dark and smelled bad and the buffet sucked as well,nothing special staff was very unfriendly and unpersonal..next time we going to spent more on a hotel, its worth it for only 2 days..we visited Palazo Hotel(next door) and we liked it much better there..nice clean casino,very friendly staff, cost a little more but its worth it..nomore cheap for us..cheap hotel bad service..bad B-day ;-(	
Jun 27 2009 	Wonderful Trip thanks to a Wonderful Hotel.	Went to Las Vegas for a much needed getaway with my husband and friend. Got a 3 night stay with 2 Mystere tickets for 200 total. WONDERFUL DEAL. Check in was very fast (maybe 5 minutes) and because the lady needed to find us 2 rooms close together on the same floor she upgraded us for free to floor 32 which had a WONDERFUL VIEW of the Las Vegas Strip. All services ( room service and valet) were always quick and courteous- WONDERFUL, since often it can be slow and rude. The Room itself had obviously been upgraded and we found it to be just perfect. Good space, attractive, good electronics (had an ipod dock on the alarm and a flat screen tv) clean, nice spacious bathroom, comfy chaise lounge, and the bed and pillows were WONDERFUL. Ate at the Coffee shop, Kahunaville (had a buy one get one free drink coupon one trip and a 7.99 breakfast coupon another) , and Canters Deli and on a past trip ate at the Buffet, and the food was always yummy, and surprisingly, not too expensive at their restaurants- WONDERFUL! All of us did well on the machines and broke even or came out on top. Treasure Island really is easy to access and it only takes you 2 minutes to get to the elevator from wherever you are. I appreciated the tram to the Mirage and the walkway to the mall. Plus, it's got the Wynn, Palazzo, and Venetian right across form it. Seriously- this was a Wonderful trip, and I know it's largely in part due to how happy the hotel made us. We will be staying at the treasure Island Hotel again. The only complaints we had in our 4 days 3 nights were: tram was broken once, the AC wasn't extremely quick to cool the room, and the pool wasn't spectacular. But those complaints pale in comparison to the compliments I give this hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Good Times!	We stayed at TI for 4 nights. With flight delays, we didn't get to the hotel till around 1am. We requested a room with a king bed, however they only had a room with 2 queen beds available that time of day but they promised they'd give us a room with a king bed the next day. Front desk left us a message on our phone the following morning reminding us about the room change which I thought was great! TI was not overly large so it was easy to find our way around the hotel. The decor was clean and modern. The hotel and casino was well kept. The bed and the pillows were super duper comfortable. The Sirens of TI was a great freebie show and as a hotel guest, you can to view the show in the VIP area which has a great view. The hotel is well located with a walk way to the mall. I believe we got a bang for our buck staying at TI. It's not as luxurious as the 5 star hotels, but it met our needs and exceeded our expectations.	
Jun 26 2009 	Not the best	This hotel was offering a great deal cost wise and overall was decent enough if you have patience. The check in process on a Sunday afternoon took over an hour. There were about 100 people in line and only 3 attendents working. The maid woke me up one morning by trying to enter the room at 8:10 a.m. Luckily I had the lock bar on and she quickly went away. The clock in the room didn't work and the front desk wasn't sure how to set the time. The time was never set the entire stay. The location is great. Good location. The food at the pool wasn't that great. Everything tasted fried and greasy. The cafe had decent food however and the room service was good. The attitudes in the restraunts weren't that great. Everyone seemed annoyed.	
Jun 26 2009 	a treasure chest of lines to wait in	I should state first off that I didn't go to Las Vegas for the typical LV experience. We were flying in and out of LV in order to drive to southern Utah. We decided to stay at Treasure Island because we were going to the Cirque du Soleil show that was associated with the hotel. The Cirque show was fabulous, of course. As for Treasure Island- the price was right- very cheap- and the room was really nice. It felt very luxurious, especially for the price. But there was a huge line for check-in and only three people working reception. This was after being trounced on by three or four guys at once when pulling into the registration drive-in. Why have so many people working to help you park if you just have to wait in line once you get inside? I just can't understand why a hotel would want to make you angry upon immediately walking in. Getting the Cirque tickets was the same deal. Everyone who had will-call tickets had to wait in a huge line- it took close to a half hour just to pick up the tickets. Again, it seemed totally unnecessary. The pool was frightening. There were hundreds of people there and getting in the pool? Forget it. I even got accosted by a drunk guy at the pool bar, although the bartender was very nice and got the guy to back off. We ate at Pho, the Vietnamese restaurant, and we even had to wait in line just to get a table. I saw lines at every restaurant in the hotel. The food was pretty terrible and the service was spotty. We needed to print a boarding pass for our flights the next day- the &quot;business center&quot; was the internet for a dollar a minute. In the room, it was $8 for two hours.All in all, it was easy to stay there because of seeing Cirque, but waiting in line for everything is not for me.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great time at TI	I stayed here with my mother, for her frist trip to Vegas, and I choose it because of the amazing location. It is right in the centre of the strip and easy to access many other casinos and hotels. The rooms are very clean, although I did have to request more towels on our first night, as there was not enough, but every other day they stocked it with plenty. The beds are so comfortable, it was like sleeping on a cloud. I was a little disappointed at the lack of view, as our room looked out onto a roodtop and into a brick wall, but how much time do you spend looking out your window. The pool is amazing, and Social House as well as Ilsa restaurants are amazing for service and food. I would return to TI again in the future.	
Jun 26 2009 	Wonderful location room and service!	I have been a member of Trip Advisor for a couple of years, and have only ever felt compelled to leave one other review despite staying in hotels every month or two. Once again, I flet it was necessary to comment on the property after reading other reviews.First off, my wife and I fought over where we were going to stay on this trip to Vegas. I wanted to try Trump, or Palazzo (both new to us), or return to Wynn or Bellagio. She had a girlfriend who raved about TI and it's proximity to the Fashion Show Mall(has a walkway directly to it). I could care less about the mall, but knew that if she was happy, I'd be happy.Check in was efficient and friendly and clerk upgraded our suite to the 36th floor with the best view of the strip we have ever had. Room was a bit smaller than expected but suited our needs. Room itself was very clean and tastefully done. Only downside was a long walk from the elevator and occassionally would see room service dishes in the hallway for 6-8 hours.Didn't bother using the pool, looked crowded with 20 somethings, and left very little in their casino. Went to Mystere at TI, always a pleasure to see Cirque. Ate at Canter's twice, nice deli eats. Steakhouse was pleasant.Overall, we would recommend this property for couples or groups that want an excellent location and excellent value. Once this location disassociates itself from the MGM, it will be interesting to see how it is maintained.	
Jun 26 2009 	The TI is a real Treasure	Having checked-out from the Monte Carlo Hotel in disgust we saw a special deal advertised on the net for the TI and strolled up the Strip to investigate. The Receptionist said they didn't know anything about Expedia's deal and her quoted room rates seemed a bit high but she suggested we cross the lobby and ring Reservations on the House phone. We did and they offered a &quot;Thirty Six Hour Deal&quot; (?) so we booked from Sunday night for five nights at $64 per night inc tax. (Friday and Sat are aways more (sometimes much more expesive). How glad we changed! Our room was on the 32nd floor (we even had our own elevator key!) and the room was gorgeous with huge soft beds and four of the plumpest pillows you'll ever see on each bed. There was flat screen plasma tv and spacious bathroom. For a moment we thought we had been given a more expensive upgraded room but we checked on the Hotel tv billing service and it read $46. Fantastic. Being at the north end of the Strip the TI is superbly positioned opposite the Venetian, a walk away from the Palazzo and The Wynn and Encore Hotels. and connected to the Mirage by a handy free mini tram. You can also walk to Caesars Palace, The Bellagio, Harrahs, Bally's, Paris etc. We enjoyed the Coffee Shop in the morning and tried the Buffet which was fine (they even make fresh candy floss (cotton candy). It is really is 'all you can eat'. Food is always a contentious subject in hotels but we particularly enjoyed the Mirage's New York Deli where we had hot dog and french fries to feed an army. Try one of their delicious cake slices - our friendly waiter refused to serve us one cheesecake each - instead arriving wth one cheesecake and two forks - and we still didn't finish it! Look out for towering pastrami on rye 'sandwiches'. Nightime we went to the Improve Comedy show at Harrah's which was very, very funny (different comics each week) and we also saw 'Legends in Concert ' which is a truly enjoyable evening of 'tribute acts' with differing line-ups. (We had Britney, David Bowie, Temptations, James Brown and - of course Elvis. Last year we saw The Beatles 'Love' Show at the Mirage and it really is worth seeing. We're not great ones for Cirque du Soleil (when you've seen one Mongolian contortionist with his head up his xxxx. you've seen them all) but our room phone advised us of a guest Special 2 for 1 deal fo Mystere which we actually declined. We've flown over the Grand Canyon a couple of times and my advice to Brits is don't book your trip in the UK - wait till you get to Vegas -there are plenty of deals on offer at cheaper prices than travel agents offer and that goes for other Shows too.Back at the TI were approached the pool with some trepidation after our sour experience at the Monte Carlo but we need not have worried. We were waived through and soon found a couple of loungers near the large hot tub and pool. There are a bevvy of pretty waitresses at your service when you raise the flag on your lounger or you can visit the well stocked bar and try (among many other options) a margarita/pina colada or cold Budweiser. They even have a poolside cafe serviced by the Polynesian-themed Kahunaville restaurant where we stuffed ourselves on Jumbo Shrimp kebabs with rice,($12.99), the biggest fruit platter I've ever seen ($9.95) (as usual it would have fed half a dozen hungry mouths) and a botle of Californian Champagne described as brut /dry but in fact more like a sweeter Asti Spumante) ($18). I'm holding the bill now for $42.72 (about 14 each at $1.57 - 1). We didn't eat again that day! For British guests you will always be asked for 'Picture ID' with charges againt the room/Credit Card at the TI. (Driving Licence or take your Bus Pass).Here's a great tip to save $$$. Not being big gamblers my wife and I like to play the 2c Slots (adding extra 'lines' to play about 30 cents per pull.) The TI waitresses will serve you drinks as long as you are playing, especially during the quieter midweek. Make sure you get her attention early on and give her a tip (about $2) when she brings your first tray of drinks (you can have anything you like.) Wifey gets high on Champage Mimosas (Champs + Fresh Orange Juice) and during one two-hour slots session we won $250 and slurped back six Mimosas each! We staggered away happy and our attentive waitress remembered us the next day - (it's called a symbiotic relationship). In the evenings the Kahunaville cafe and bar has live music and juggling bartenders and there is a night club if you feel sophisicated. Out front the Sirens of TI battle it out in what used to be Buccaneer Bay with real galleons and canon -it's noisy, colourful and great fun. If you like noisy music (No it aint all gangsta rap man) then stroll over to the 'Carnaval' between Harrahs and Imperial Palace (and look out for the sexy Poll Dancers just inside Harrah's) -there's live bands playing, juggling waiters and cold beer! We loved the TI.	
Jun 25 2009 	Not for family	We stayed at TI for a week in Dec 2008 with our 6 month old baby. After checked in we went to our bedroom but could not get in as the key card didn't work. We contacted the reception that reassured us that security was on its way to let us in. 20 min later (and a crying baby) the security arrived to open the door and advised us to exchange the key card at the reception, what we did immediately. In the mean time we requested hot water to make baby's milk, and took them 40 min to bring us &quot;water&quot; . We suggested to pick it up at the kitchen as the baby was by that stage crying and very hungry, but for some reason it was not possible.Next morning we left the room for breakfast and tried to go back to the room, and for our surprise once more the key card didn't work. We went back to the reception that told us we had to move room as the problem was with the locker and not the keys.They gave us a room in the end of the corridor with 2 queen beds and no space for a baby cot. Completely unacceptable! We requested to change room to a similar to what we originally had, but the hotel was full and it wasn't available. They didn't make any effort to resolve promptly the situation.After a full day trying to sort out it, moving bags, baby luggage, having to sort out baby food at restaurants etc... the only alternative was to accept a room, close to the elevator, very noise as a box fight was happening at the hotel.The hotel staff was rude, not helpful at all and could have handle this situation in a very different way, specially because we had a small kid.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Deal in Vegas	We just returned from a great three-night stay at Treasure Island (TI). The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the facility was excellent. I recall reading that TI had renovated the rooms recently and they did a great job with our room on the 12th floor. It was very contemporary and inviting, done up in a black, bronze and white theme. The bed was very comfortable  soft and with nice linens  and there was a nice chaise lounge and flat screen TV in the room. The bathroom was well done as well, with lots of counter space and nice shower/tub combo. The only complaint we had was that the lighting was a little dim. In the bedroom, it made for nice ambiance in the evening, but in the bath, more light would be helpful. Only negative was the high speed internet connection was not high speed  not even dialup speed. It was $8 for two hours, but when I told them about the slowness they were quick to remove the charge from the bill.We got a great deal on the room thru the TI website, as they had an offer for a pair of tix to Cirque du Soleils Mystere show for free! We paid just $79 a night, and when you factor in the price of the two Mystere tix, it came to just $44 a night! Sensational! You have to book the show before you arrive, but that was easy enough. The tix were fairly high up in the theater, but with all the aerial displays in the show, I think higher up is better. We thoroughly enjoyed the show. Lots of amazing acrobatics and feats of strength. We also saw Zumanity at NYNY. That is Cirques sexually themed show. The comedy portions were very entertaining and very sexual in nature, but the artistic performance portion were fairly straightforward and not lewd or suggestive. Overall, Zumanity is not that erotic, but entertaining for sure.We didnt eat at the TI, but had wonderful dinners at Thomas Kellers Bouchon and Mario Batalis Enoteca San Marco (great pizza) across the street at the Venetian. Also hit Hubert Kellers Burger Bar for lunch in the Mandalay Place mall between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. And the old standby, the Peppermill, between the Riv and the Encore, was terrific as always. Oh, and be sure to get a croissant and maybe a salad at Payard Patisserie in Caesars.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great value hotel in perfect location!	I stayed in the TI with a friend for a week in january. We went to Las Vegas for sightseeing and shopping, not so interested in the gambling! The TI was a lovely hotel and fantastic value. We booked direct through their website and got a great rate for our stay. It has beem recently renovated so the rooms are all lovely. Ours was spacious and the beds really were the most comfortable we'd ever stayed in! There were two big double beds in the room and a huge bathroom. We had a great view of the strip. The location was fantastic too - it is joined to the Fashion Show mall by a walkway and is next door to the mirage. The venetian and wynn are just across the street. Caesar's palace was walking distance away. The buffet in the hotel is great too, especially the desserts! There is a Starbucks which is handy for breakfast. Kahunaville is good for cocktails. We didn't visit the Christian Audgier nightclub but there is free entry for guests of the hotel. The hotel is best suited to couples or groups of friends, not family friendly anymore since the renovation it is not geared towards kids. Probably the best location in Vegas for shopping as the fashion show mall is next door. I think that it was most definately the best value for us in Vegas and we really enjoyed staying there. The only quibble I would have was the staff at the check in desk were not particularly friendly at either checkin or checking out.	
Jun 24 2009 	Service is poor--too wild for families on weekend	The hotel was clean. The rooms were small, but otherwise quite nice. The staff were not friendly. From check in to the restaurants, most of the staff seemed unhappy and uninterested in helping/providing service. The hotel towels were like rags, and we had to call every day to get enough towels for the people in our room. During the week, the hotel and pool were fine. The worst part of the vacation (we were there for a 50th wedding anniversary), was the drinking and partying in the pool on the weekend. It may be Vegas, but there were so many young people falling down drunk, pouring beer into the pool, smoking and putting their ashes in the pool, and a few even exposing themselves, that we felt like we were in a bad spring break movie. We complained, but the hotel staff did not seem to care about how gross the pool was. If you are traveling with kids, try someplace else.	
Jun 23 2009 	Better than expected	We stayed at Treasure Island for 5 nights in June 2009. After a 10 hour flight, we really could of done without the lengthy queue at check in. There were only 2 members of staff on duty for a queue that was mighty long. When we got to the front, we asked if we could get a room upgrade, but was told there were none available. So we stuck to the Deluxe that we'd originally booked.We were given a room on the 19th floor. Yes, you do have to walk thru the smokey casino to get to the lifts, but it's not a great a problem as other reviewers had indicated. Our room had a view of the pool and strip. We opted for 1 kingsize bed, which was so comfy, rather than 2 queens. The room was bigger than i expected and had plenty of space for suitcases, shopping, etc. One thing that did disappoint, was there was no minibar/fridge. During June in Las Vegas, a fridge wud of been a welcome addition, just to put drinks in. There is an ice bucket in the room and the ice dispenser and vending machines were down the hallway. An in room safe was available at no extra charge in the wardrobe. Good full length mirrors too. Plenty of hanging and drawer space and coat hangers available.The bathroom wasnothing special, but suited what we needed. Bath with shower over it, toilet and sink unit. Free toiletries included. The sink unit had seen better days and could of done with a new coat of paint, but don't go on holiday to stay in the bathroom??!! Plenty of towels.Room was always cleaned by the time we got back from days out and cleaners were always friendly when we walked past them.Had breakfast most mornings in the Coffee Shop - huge portions but good food and prices were reasonable.The staff at the bell desk were very friendly, even allowing us to phone our holiday rep and tour company free of charge - we weren't able to make calls from our room as it hadn't been set up for making calls- due to us booking with Virgin Holidays. If we'd of wanted to 'open' the phone line, then we would of had to of let the hotel hold $400 on a credit card. We decide dagainst this as wanted the money to be able to shop!During our stay at Treasure Island, Cirque du Soleil Mystere was showing. The ticket desk at the hotel offered us 2 tickets for the price of 1, which we took advantage of. Would so recommend seeing this show if you can. Totally fantastic.Never used the pool, but from what we saw, it was very busy and quite small.Hotel is in good location on the Strip.The pirate show that takes place every day was quite impressive when the ship sank completely, but i thought the Siren's were a tad tacky - obviously geared up for the blokes.All in all, a nice hotel that isn't too plush and over the top, but offers you all you need in a base for a holiday with some welcoming comforts.	
Jun 22 2009 	Location Location Location	We just got back from Vegas this past Saturday (6/20/09) for a 4 night stay at the TI. Overall, i would give this hotel a B grade primarily for it's good location. Check in was about 6ish in the evening and there was no line whatsoever. The hotel elevators are located away from the lobby and for whatever reason, you'll have to pass part of the casino &amp; restaurants to get to the congested 2 elevator bays which is then split in two sections-lower floors &amp; upper floors-the foot traffic here was heavy with the hotel guests with their baggages cutting across the casino &amp; the gamblers inter-mingling together.Our room was the petite suite on the West wing-12th floor so we had the &quot;quieter side&quot; facing Las Vegas Blvd towards the TI swimming pool &amp; the Mirage hotel. Our room was well-fitted with the double bathrooms, king size bed and a small living area with a sofa, chair and ottoman. Our suite was located nearest to the elevators so there was no long walk down the corridor &amp; the ice &amp; vending machines were a few steps from our room door. The two meals we had at the coffee shop was below-par so we either ordered take-out at Canter's Deli or went across the street to dine at the Grand Lux Cafe (Cheesecake Factory operation) which I would highly recommend. For a couple bucks more, the food selection, quality, quantity and atomosphere were way better than TI's. We decided to stay at TI primarily because of its great location near the Venitian, Palazzo and the Fashion Show mall which we patronized by going to the Phantom of the Opera &amp; Jersey Boys shows and to do a little shopping at the mall. This was a big plus as our plan worked our perfecto.The TI casino was on the small scale compared to the ones across the Blvd and the atmosphere at the V &amp; P were so much active that we spend most of our gambling time there and probably on our next Vegas junket, pay a little more but probably enjoy a better quality stay at the Venitian. After saying that, the TI is still a good deal for the mid-range spending crowd and you can't beat its LOCATION.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great value	Stayed at Treasure Island 3 nights in June 2009. Checked in on a Sunday afternoon, and there was a long line to check in. However, the line moved fairly quickly, and the check in employees were professional and courteous.My rooms were fantastic. We had connecting rooms on the 26th floor overlooking the Strip. The bed was incredibly comfortable--it was like sleeping on a cloud. The room was clean, and the Wet Shampoo and soaps were wonderful. The towels in the restroom were very thick and absorbent.For the price I paid and what I got, I thought the Treasure Island was a super value. You can eat fairly cheaply by going to the Fashion Mall next door, and eating at the restaurants in the mall of at the food court. It is much cheaper than eating at the Buffet or the other restaurants at Treasure Island.	
Jun 22 2009 	if only they didn't short sheet	Stayed at TI 3 nights to attend a wedding on site. I arrived at 3pm on a Thursday, only 2 other folks ahead of me in the check out line. Check in was quick, and the front desk associate who assisted me was pleasant. I ended up in room 25-106, a deluxe double room. The view overlooked the mall and part of the strip, with the mountains off in the distance. As part of a wedding party, we had a group rate of $99 a night. Although they told us the rooms were all blocked together, they were not. The elevators are slower than slow. And the room hallways longer than long. The room was comfortable and nicely appointed. The bathroom was missing a wastebasket and a floor mat for the shower, fixed by leaving a note for housekeeping the next morning. Oddly the second morning when I came back to the room mid-day, housekeeping had turned off my AC. It was 102F outside. WTH?? Everyone I was traveling with agreed that our maid might have had a sense of humor. Hmmm. 3rd day of the stay was Wedding time. The bride decided to use my room as our rendezvous to get ready. We had hair and make-up artists on site, and 5 women getting ready in this room. Oddly, not too crowded, though not the best light for make up application. We left the room looking like a bomb had gone off.So lets discuss the beds. The day we had left the room in disarray, the bed was short sheeted. Ewwwww. I get that hotels dont use fitted bottom sheets, but come on. Some of us are tall and our feet do reach the end of the mattress. Overall the beds were very comfortable. The pillows, although great for sitting up and reading in bed, were a bit too poufy and large for a comfortable nights sleep. We did like the individual reading lights above each bed with an easy to reach light switch.As I mentioned, elevators were slow. I helped pry someone out of stuck one. (Not sure why they didnt use the emergency phone). Apparently theyd been stuck in it for a bit. When we told a hotel worker about the elevator snafu, they seemed uninterested.Spa: Time to get my nails done. I booked a Spa Manicure Treatment. A very lovely and tranquil setting with soft rock music playing (not sure if its the same on body treatment side). Roxy, my manicurist absolutely rocked! The treatment included a tropical scrub and moisturizer as well as regular manicure stuff. Price was $48  listed prices include gratuity. Eats: We had dinner one night at the Buffet ($24) which had an incredible selection and all very good. I frequented Starbucks though they had inflated prices; it was a better option than the coffee shop for a quick breakfast. We did buy a decadent chocolate dessert from the coffee shop  to go, and they provided no utensils. Kahunavilla is where we had an impromptu post wedding gathering. The restaurant gave us a section where folks came and went. The restrictions were we could only be there for 2 hours, and a 22% gratuity was tacked on to the bill (18% for the party over 9 and 4% for I forget what). Im of the opinion that when the gratuity is automatic service suffers soft drink refills were hard to come by. Everything that was ordered was tasty and the prices were reasonable. Drinks were good and came with an extra shot of rum (YUM!)Drinks: La Isla. : ) It is my duty to introduce all my friends to fine tequilas. Once again La Isla did not disappoint us. All the bartenders know their stuff, and I really like that the tequila menu provides the details of the tequilas. See my tequila travelers list for some considerations. Parking: Self parking was free and plentiful. The bridge to the Casino/Hotel is on the 3rd level.Check out: I used express checkout. I selected to have my folio e-mailed to me, but now see I never received it. Oh well.Wedding Chapel: I was not sure what to expect. The room the bride and I waited in before the ceremony was nice. The chapel holds 60 guests. The minister performed a lovely ceremony, with a nice mixture of humor and seriousness. The photographer is quick and efficient  photo proofs were available on line a few hours after the ceremony. The bride &amp; groom liked that they did not have to buy a wedding package, and could pick and choose the things they wanted in their ceremony. There are ladies walking around selling leis (real and fake). The money is donated to Cancer Research. And so goes our stay at TI. I liked the location, never needing to move my car once parked. I get turned around easy, but found the Casino signed well enough that even this directionally challenged person didnt get lost. In all, wed probably return.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great Start to a Wonderful Honeymoon!	We arrived at Treasure Island on June 8, 2009 for the start of our honeymoon.This hotel has been tastefully renovated. The room was really nice featuring a LCD TV and HUGE bathroom. The bed was super comfy and our view was spectacular overlooking the entire strip and pool area.The buffet was one of the best we have ever eaten at. The breakfast features eggs any style along with everything and anything to go along with them. Lunch and dinner featured a pasta station made to order. We had no complaints about the food it was great value for $14-$17 including as many beverages as you wanted (non-alc).The pool area was nice but busy...hard to find a chair but this is common amoung any travel destination.We didn't get a chance to check out the new Christian Audigier night club as it is only open Thursday thru Sunday but it looked really nice and overlooked the TI nightly show.Great location, close to shopping - We took a cab to the premium outlet and it only cost $12!!Overall TI was great! Will definatly be back soon.	
Jun 18 2009 	Looking for a great room with a great price!!! Done	We came to Treasure Island b/c of great reviews based on location and rooms. Everything was 100% what we wanted. This was more of a romance trip this time than anything else. Wanted to save money on the room and hit all the hot restaurants like Prime streakhouse WOW best streak in my life, Eiffel Tower and Wing Lei the look great. Started off great with getting a up-grade for free with the view of the strip.(was getting ready to pay), Room was like pics and what everyone said new looking and great beds loved it. Was not huge but who cares you are in vegas and the clean rooms and beds make up for it. Loc. could not ask for better right in the center will by all the better hotels that's. Walkway indoors to the mall and a bridge going right to Wynn and Venetian with 1min train/subway to Mirage which than had Bellagio and Caesars place by it.	
Jun 18 2009 	Loved stay	Our stay was good. However when departing we lost our camera bag just outide the hotel door. We lodged complaint ; howver the hotel does not respond to e-mail sent to them. This is disappointing. This is not the way you treat your guests.S R Balasubramanian e-mail : [--]India	
Jun 16 2009 	Not such a treasure anymore.	It's been around for a while, so it's worn and outdated. Most hotels in Vegas are so large that it's hard to find one with character, this one lacks it completely. The only thing worthwhile was the sushi restaurant, if you can afford it.	
Jun 15 2009 	Exceeded expectations	We are first timer's to LV and we didn't know what to expect. We booked a room at TI for 2 nights expecting an average hotel, service, food etc. The check in was less than 30minutes and we received $20 house credit for booking directly though their website. Good deal. My advice would also be to join the player's club, TI gives $10 worth of free slot play. Good deal. Overall the room and bathroom were clean except for the bedsheets possibly old stains. Not good but we didn't complain. The room had a strip view but the noise wasn't a factor. Our favorite restaurant was definitely PHO ( vietnamese food), worth the stop!! Service is slow but give them a chance you will not be disappointed. The most important things for us were cleanliness, location, security and value which TI provided to us!!!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Loved TI	We arrived June 6 in themorning and was told that our room was not ready, we gave our luggage to the bell man and we were on our way. When we arrived back later in the afternoon our room was ready and our luggage delivered to our room within 5 minutes. The room was beautiful and the beds extra comfy. The only thing that would have made that room better would have been bigger and more windows. Other than that it was perfect. We have stayed at Flamingo, Ceasars, Venetian and Ballys....all of which we liked excet for Flamingo...(didn't feel secure there). We found TI the most easily accessible for your room and for the strip..very close and easy to get around. I agree the pool could have been bigger...but it was pretty. We ate at the coffee shop one night or should I say early morning and it was awesome...We ate there again a couple of days later and it was bad..short staffed and food was cold and just not the same as the first time. TI is our new place to stay...We will definetely stay here again...loved it.	
Jun 12 2009 	Loved it <3	My boyfriend and I always try to find a different hotel to stay @ when we go to vegas, that being said......TI never really caught my eye but 1 day I said &quot;hey, let's try it out&quot;! From the momment we checked in til the momment we checked out, our stay @ TI was AWESOME!!!! The hotel is very clean and up to date! The rooms are luxurious @ low cost and THE BEDS ARE SOOOOOO COMFORTABLE, I FELT LIKE I WAS LAYING ON CLOUD 9!!!!! I ordered room service, chix and mashes potatoes to be exact and they brought up a nice sized whole baked chix for 1 person that was cooked to perfection!!!! So many tasty restaurants to choose from and the casino itself is nice and clean. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for luxury @ the price of a reg. hotel!!!!! LOVE IT!	
Jun 12 2009 	Good Living at TI	We went to TI because it had a great price. The rooms were great and the casino was great. We went and hung out at the pool everyday and had a really good time. (The pool is very small by Vegas standards.) If you are looking for a hotel and want it directly in the center of the strip you cant go wrong with TI.	
Jun 11 2009 	TI was more than I expected	TI is all around great, begining with their customer service. They go out of their way to help you begining with the free valet parking and the bellman. The check in process was fabulous and getting to the room wasnt hard. Like other reviewers have commented on the beds they are comfy!On another note we celebrated my sister's 21st birthday that weekend so we decided to rent a cabana at the pool, it was great! The Pool area is great entertainment with a DJ and great margaritas too! Overall my stay was good and if you want to party close by got to the Ed Hardy Bar its neat and they play good music too! I love Vegas and I would most def stay her again, I actually booked my room for July :) cant wait!	
Jun 11 2009 	What kind of hotel doesn't have sheets for the beds?	Terrible stay. First time in Vegas, loved the place. Hated staying at TI. I travel frequently for business and most small one stars provide better service than this place.My king size bed was short sheeted by six inches at the foot. When I contacted the housekeeping manager the best they could do was to bring up another sheet and run it to up under the pillow. I asked about a fitted sheet for the bed and was told they had run out. My friend travelling with me had the same time. Problem is this, have a couple of drinks and try to go to bed I promise you'll pull the wrong sheet out and voila! short sheeted again. Very very poor service overall.When I spoke to the &quot;Customer Service Rep&quot; she could have cared less but only with the use of pharmaceuticals. She was nearly catatonic and could only repeat, I'll call the housekeeping manager.Bar staff very unfriendly and inconsistent. Depending on who served the price was different. I will say the do make a good mojito. Lastly, the money grubbing bell hops who made me feel that if I didn't tip there was a good chance I would never see my luggage again.Absolutely terrible. Wouldn't put up my worst enemy in this hotel.Didn't like:- poor value for money- no coffee maker or fridge in room- nickle and dime charges for everythingLiked (sort of)- Great location- cheezy but funny Sirens show- good slot choices / good dealers- Mystere was absolutely incredible. Loved it, loved it, loved it- being close to Walgreens, the Mall and some very good food (Chipotles was an amazing and cost effective dinner)Oh, and to get around.. Take the Deuce!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great location great hotel!	TI is located in the perfect location. There is a walkway to the fashion show mall and it's right near all the other major hotels and casinos on the strip. You can walk almost everywhere from TI!The hotel room itself was perfect (not that you go to Vegas to spend time in your room). Very comfortable beds and it was kept spotlessly clean. We did not get a chance to use the pool or eat at many of the restaurants (just the buffet which was yummy) but we did spend quite a bit of time gambling at TI and the rewards program was pretty good.No complaints here, a great stay at a great hotel. Will stay at TI again!Free internet would be the only improvement they could make.	
Jun 10 2009 	Good location nothing special	If you are travelling here with teens to see the pirates, forget it. There is no pirate theme whatsoever outside of the waitresses in the casino. The buffets were pricey at $38 per person, but the card games made up for this. If you want to see the pirate show out front (approximately every 1.5 hours), get there about 45 minutes early; otherwise you will be lucky to get within 1000' of things. Not a bad place at all for $149/night, just somewhat boring. My advice? Stay further down on the strip, e.g. NY, NY or Mandalay Bay if you have teens.NB The roller coaster at the Sahara is world class. Do not miss.	
Jun 9 2009 	Treasure Island (Vegas) - The Good Bad and Ugly	Treasure Island (TI), Las Vegas  Nightmare The Good, Bad and Ugly I have stayed at many of the hotel casinos in Las Vegas and have experienced good and bad from most, but my Treasure Island stay has been the worst by far. I was staying under a recent comp that offered three nights, $200 FreePlay and $100 Food and Bev, plus I requested an early check-in if available.The Bad: I arrived Sunday, June 7, 2009 about 1:00PM. The Lobby at Registration had about twenty people in it. I went to the Invited Casino Guests line, waited behind three other people checking in. The line went very quickly because each person was being told they could not check in yet because the systems were down, but to come back at the regular check in time which is 3:00PM. No problem! I didnt mind waiting for a room at regular time. I took my five bags, one containing my very expensive laptop, to baggage holding inside the lobby  only to be told to take outside to the curb and check it in. Outside at the curb, several Bell Desk captains were accepting luggage. This was my first of several bad experiences. The Bell Cap took my luggage, pushed my five pieces together in a pile and handed me a luggage check-in receipt. He did not mark each bag, he only marked one bag, then pushed the rest into the pile which was very close to a dozen other piles of luggage, all outside on the concrete where anyone passing could grab a bag and walk off. I stood for a moment as he checked in two other sets of luggage from other people, also pushing those into a pile near my set. I stepped forward and asked him to please mark each piece of my luggage and that I wasnt real comfortable leaving it on the sidewalk for anyone to walk off with. The Bell Cap gave me an exasperated look, then placed the one more sticker on my luggage (that was two pieces out of five marked) and went to the next person. I then had my step-son move all of our luggage back a little toward the building and out of the walk path. I swear, if the luggage had not been heavy, and we had not been told it would be two hours till check-in, I would have kept it with me. I went to the Front Desk and expressed my concerns about the fiasco at the outside Bell Desk, but a very-blonde courtesy rep assured me there would be no problems with luggage loss. My party of four then entered the casino for some slot play while we waited for registration computers to get back on line. That brought another unexpected surprise. It seems the registration computers were not the only ones offline. All the casino computers were offline. We faced our first long line  the Players Club so our playing could be tracked and credited for future comps. After a 45 minute wait in line, we attempted to get a copy of our Players Cards that would work in the machines but we could only get temporaries, which was going to necessitate another long line to get the points transferred to our regular cards which the machines would not accept at that time. Plus, you could still gamble, but there was no ticket-in ticket-out pays. I found this out after putting some money in the machine and then wanting to switch machines. I had to wait ten minutes for a hand-pay. A gal next to me said she had been waiting 15 minutes when the guy came to pay me. As I walked around I saw dozens of machines shut down with hand-pay amounts of 10 to 60 cents that people just walked away from rather than wait for hand pay-outs. Thats not a problem in itself, and of course, is the players decision  but each machine was out of commission until the pay-off was clicked out by a machine mechanic, and no one was bothering with it. This made about 1/3 of the machines out of service and limited your choices for play.The Ugly: It was now close to 3:00PM so we decided to skip any further gaming until the computers were back online, and went back to registration. SOne of our party came straight from work and was tired, so we needed room keys. The line for registration was now overflowing with people and luggage, about 150 or so, and each person was being checked in by hand so it was barely moving. At 1:00PM we were told the computers would be down for about an hour, and it had been two hours already. I again got in line at the Invited Casino Guests line, thanking the stars that there were only four people ahead of me. Those four people took more than hour to check in. The long line for regular registration didnt seem like it was even moving although they had nine people working the counter. When my turn finally came, it took another 20 minutes just to check me in, plus we were only allowed two temporary room keys. We went to the room, and then tried to decide how we were going to divide up two keys among four people so everyone could do their own thing and still have entry into our room when they needed. One of our group was headed to Adventure Dome with some other buddies, so we needed to give him one, and I held onto the other key since I was staying at the hotel. This created another problem, because every time someone needed entry to the room, they had to beat on the door and wake up the person who was trying to rest, or call me to meet them at the door and let them in  a big pain in the rear! A few of us decided Screw it, lets get drunk. We went to the Kahunaville Bar for their extra-long margaritas drink only to find out they were taking cash only because the computers were down. Most of us vacation on credit cards and did not want to dip into our regular bank account for cash, nor did we want to get expensive cash advances on credit cards just for drinks. So we had to pool our pocket change to pay for the drinks, right down to our last pennies of cash  usually set aside for tips and valet. After this, I found that I could charge meals and drinks to my room while the computers were down. A little late to find that out, but what the hell - so we went to eat. By now, it was 8:00PM and the computers were still down. The line at registration was packed ten-deep into the Lobby, plus all the way out into the hallway to the Casino area, plus wrapped half way around the wall inside the Casino -- hundreds of people were standing in line with huge amounts of luggage, waiting to be checked-in by hand. I kept checking back hour after hour all evening hoping to get more room keys. I spent most of the day running up and down the elevator and halls to the room to let people into our room with the one key I held. As far as the room, it was just okay and rather small. It was fairly dark even with the curtains wide open. I prefer a well-lighted room, so we turned on all the lamps only to find two didnt work at all, and even with all the lights on the room was still darkened. The bathroom door would not shut all the way, which necessitated having someone hold it closed, or kicking it shut every few minutes as it slowly swung open, so privacy was out of the question. About 1:00AM, I saw registration had finally thinned out and the Invited Casino Guests line was down to four people. I stood in line about 30 minutes, then asked for more room keys. I was finally given four keys, one for each of our room guests. By now, everyone was back at our room and ready to crash for the night. I walked back to the room only to discover none of the new keys worked. I said screw it and we all went to bed figuring I would just trade the keys for ones that worked in the morning. This ended my first crappy day at TI.At 6:00AM the next morning (our second day), I went back to check-in for new keys again. No line this time, thank the stars. The girl gave me four new keys after asking me a couple different ways, Did you try ALL four keys, because my scanner says they are working? Did you try them each a couple times incase you put them in wrong? I got pissed, You think I like coming down here and standing around for nothing? Of course, I tried them and tried them and tried them  give me another set of damn keys and make sure they work. I handed the keys out to everyone and we all separated for the morning. After breakfast, I returned, only to find out  once again the keys did not work. I was locked out of the room and so was every one else. In fact, my step-son tried to get another key or have security let him into the room when he couldn't find me, and even though his name was listed on the room, they told him I would have to get the keys because the credit card used for the room was in my name. I found him asleep on a chair in the 10th floor elevator lobby. I went down to registration again for new keys. I get the same bull, Did you try all four keys? Did you try them more than once? I blew, Duh! Duh! Duh! I shouted. Surely Im not the only one you are screwing with these keys, just fix it! She gave me four more keys but I said, Oh no, we are not playing this game again. You send someone up with me to make sure the keys work because I am not running back and forth anymore to fix this screw up, you are. She told me they would have security meet me at my room. I went back up the elevator, and then waited 15 minutes for security to show. No one showed. I called down to the Front Desk from the 10th floor lobby phone and told them they had a very pissed off guest that wanted in her room Right Now! She connected me with security. I repeated the same thing to them and really emphasized Now! A bare five minutes went by and security showed up. Now this next part really pissed me off. Security makes us stand there while he tries each and every key - two times, saying hmmm, as each key does not work. Then he uses his master key, and guess what? It doesnt work either. Then he gets out an ALL-Access key that voids the door lock and finally gets access to room, and then hands my keys back. I slapped them back in his hand and said, Dont bother until they work, and I better not be stuck in this room very long waiting for full access for my whole party. He handed me the keys back and assured me they would work after maintenance came. In about 30 minutes we had a working door and working keys. The Food: As far as restaurants go, the Coffee Shop had fairly good food and makes a real good B L T with lots of bacon. The French Dip sandwich is mediocre however even though it had tons of meat, it was just flavorless. We also went to Pho, the Vietnamese restaurant, and ordered several appetizers and entrees. If you like really good Vietnamese food, dont bother. It was cheap and tasted cheap. Table service at both was only fair. We had breakfast at the Buffet, and the food was very mediocre with a high price attached. If you like buffets and have to pay a high price anyway - go to the Wynn Buffet, because every bite is delicious and service is wonderful. At Treasure Island restaurants, some of the waiters were good, and others acted like it was a bother to wait on you.Monday about 4:00PM (our second day), there is a message flashing on our phone that says we can see Mystere for 1/2 price. Sounded like a great deal until we headed over to the Box Office to buy tickets. There was another line a mile long (probably 100 people) and it was barely moving. After 30 minutes in line without any movement at all, again we said, &quot;Screw it!&quot; So much for the great offer. It appears they offered it to every single guest in the hotel, probably as a comp for standing in lines for so long at registration.The only other compensation they offered for all this bull was a complimentary bottle of champagne. Whoopie-do! No one in our party drinks champagne and they wouldnt let us trade it for just some bar coupons for well drinks. Most of our stay was ruined by the computers being down and the room key fiasco, so we didnt even stay our full time. We checked out a day early on Tuesday before noon. We just had enough of it! The Pool: The pool is extremely small and even though not many people were out there, it was very crowded.The Good: I do have a few (a very few) good things to say about Treasure Island  but my wholehearted recommendation is stay anywhere but there. The beds and pillows in the rooms are exceedingly comfortable. The slots are the loosest I found on the Strip. I played my usual $400, and won twice that - and because the visit pissed me off so much, I didn't play it back into the machines - I took it home! Thats it! Advice to Casinos: When you give guests a crappy experience, it's a good idea to be generous with comps, without the guest having to even ask for them. You are not the only hotel in Vegas, and by far, most are better than Treasure Island. All we asked for were well-drink comps, and we were refused.	
Jun 9 2009 	Loved TI!	5th time to Vegas with my husband, first time at TI- we loved it! Our room was spacious, clean and stylish - we found the hotel to be very quiet. We were happy with check in although I tried for an upgrade and didn't get it. Checkout was smooth sailing. We enjoyed the pool area, suited our needs, fun to have the DJ. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great location!	We stayed at TI for my 21st birthday, and overall it was a good experience. We did, however, have issues checking in. We got there fairly late after check-in, and they had run out of the standard room, so they upgraded us to a strip view, which was really nice, except when we went up to the room and the door would not unlock. We tried a few more times, only to have someone who appeared extremely under the influence open the door from the inside while laying on the floor. We quickly apologized and went back down to the lobby. They then informed us that they had accidently told us the wrong room number, and ours was the room right next door to the one we origionally tried. I suppose it's not a huge deal, but it was a bit of an awkward situation.Overall, we enjoyed the hotel. The pool was a bit small and overcrowded, so we decided to not spend too much time there. The walls seemed a bit thin also, in that we were woken up continually by the neighbors (the one's we'd &quot;met&quot; previously) who were constantly having what sounded like domestic disputes. Other than that, we had no compaints. The location on the strip was great.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great hotel Great location Loved it!!!	Just stayed at TI for three nights, four days. Hotel is very nice, great location on strip. Rooms very nice, beds extremely comfortable. Other travelers have complained previously on Tripadvisor about smoke smell in Casino area... I am not sure what they are talking about. I think TI is one of the least smoky casinos in Vegas. Only downfall for TI is there is no mini fridge in room, and pool is small. Overall for the price this is a VERY nice hotel.	
Jun 5 2009 	TI - Great Stay - Will Definately Return	Stayed at TI May 30 and 31. Received offer for a great discounted rate over weekend so I jumped on it. This was my first stay at TI, but definately won't be the last. Upon check in at Noon, Stephanie was super nice and assigned me a corner room on the 25th floor. Housekeeping was still cleaning the room, and she told me to come back at 3:00, the normal check in time and that the room would be cleaned by that time. As promised the room was ready at 3:00. I walked in and was quite pleased. The room was not overly large, but very comfortable for a solo traveler. It was very clean, and nicely appointed. They could upgrade their choice of TV channels available, but who goes to Vegas to watch TV, right? My room on the 25th floor offered a view of the pool and Mirage on one side and a little view of Palazzo and Venetian from the other window. While at TI, I enjoyed Kahunaville for dinner, The Coffee Shop for breakfast on two occasions, the salon for a manicure and I was able to go to the pool on Sunday which was very fun. There was a DJ playing very good music. Had lunch at the pool patio restaurant and it was very good. TI was a complete surprise for me. I've stayed previously at Palazzo, MGM and Encore and I would not hesitate to book another stay at TI. Everyone that I encountered were super nice and helpful. I asked a few people about the change over from MGM and was told that the workers were encouraged by the new possibilities ahead. I guess it depends on who you talk to, but I didn't encounter any negativity whatsoever. TI is a very good mid-range $$ hotel, with a fabulous location. The casino is smaller, but had a great selection of table games and slots. I will definately return.	
Jun 4 2009 	Trip good overall but....	This was my second stay at Treasure Island. While they have great rooms and a great location, I don't think I will stay there again. The staff is rude and never seem as accomidating as I have seen at other hotel/casinos. You always feel like you are asking for the world when it comes to anything. I called the spa before going to make an appointment for massages, they were so rude I called the Spa at Mirage and went there instead. My friend and I sat at a Pai Gow table for 1 1/2 hours waiting for a waitress and all we wanted was water. Restaurants are not that great. Overall, just didn't seem like they were too eager to have the guests they had. When we went to check out, we stopped at the players desk to see about comps. Nothing. I know I gambled more there then I did the previous year at Luxor and Luxor comped my massage and a dinner. Next time, I will be staying somewhere else. If you want a good location and nice room but don't want to spend much time there, this may be a good place for you.	
Jun 4 2009 	wonderful stay	I read some reviews before we went to Treasure Island and they were helpful, my husband and some family went. The room was clean and the bed was super comfortable! Check in was fast and check out was fast. Tips that are helpful, the Walgreens right across the street-buy &quot;2.00&quot; a large water and down the hall from your room get a bucket of ice for the water, buy some snacks at Walgreens also. The bar downstairs has coffee for about 2.50 and a pastrie for about 2.00 or you can go to the fashion show mall &quot;its a very small walk&quot; and there is a large food court for some cheaper food, we walked a short way down the street to a perkins or dennys and ate breakfast one morning and one morning we ate at TI buffet breakfast &quot;14.00&quot; and it was incredible!! Very Good!!! One morning that your really hungry I would recommend eating at the TI Breakfast Buffet. Go to the Imperial Palace and watch the impersonaters, the dealers are dressed like &quot;Mike Jackson,Brittany Spears etc...&quot; Its fun. Treasure Island has a fishing game &quot;.01&quot; and its fun, everyone was pleasant and I would stay there again. The pool is small compared to some other places but you won't have a hard time finding a spot, there is a dj there and that was nice. FYI I think the crowd is more 30's-and older, there are younger people there but I've stayed at other places that have younger crowds &quot;mgm&quot;. If you stay at TI you won't be sorry.	
Jun 4 2009 	brillant hotel	we stayed here on our honey moon in may 09, never been to las vegas before, my god its unbelievable! the hotel is great there huge!!!! it had a casino, restaurants, bars, nightclubs, ice creams shops, starbucks, shops, and it has elevators that take you over to a shopping mall which was brillant, what more could you ask for ! our room was on the 18th floor we stayed in a petite suite it was huge ! two bathrooms one with a massive jacuzzi and the other witha walkin shower! the bed was the most comfortable ive stayed in !!! ever flat screen tv etc, also our room had a great view of the strip, las vegas never stops, our hotel was nest to the mirage where we went to one of the shows, and facin the venetian where we went to madamme tussads, the strip has to be seen day or night, we walked as far as we could and got to new york new york hotel but it was so warm we had to turn back, they have a tram that can take you as far up as mandalay bay hotel one wasy and as far as the sahara the other way ! the hotels are undescible ! they are amazing words cant describe them , also at tresaure island they have the sirens show, outside hundreds of people gather on the street at nite to see it it great very interesting, and the best thing is because yor a guest you get right at the front for great viewing ! because we werer on our honey moon we got a free bottle of champagne which was great , the hotel is def worth a visit, i would def go back, also we ate at the buffet they have there and the food is amazing , from italian, chinese, seafood, pasta, bbq, indian, sushi its never ending and its $16 for lunch and $24 for dinner and you eat as much as you want we not that keen on buffets but this was out of this world, its in the hotel and def give it a try .	
Jun 3 2009 	Fantastic	Just got back from TI, and it was great. it was our first time to Vegas and it was it certianly is'nt going to be the last. Treasure Island is a perfact example of an excellent hotel. The rooms were clean, very modern, and comfortable. And even if you unlucky enough to get a room opposite an ice vender, dont worry not that load and you can hardly hear and for the amount of time you spend in you room (not alot) there is no need to complain. The food was also great, ok so it was quite expensive but this is Vegas so everything is slightly overpriced, just take extra spending money. Swimming pool was also a nice touch, we were staying during memorial weekend so very busy but throughout the rest of the week the pool was area was fine. Overall if you have booked to stay at TI then dont worry you will be fine its very to the rest of the strip and has easy access to the north and south of Las Vegas Bld (AKA the Strip). Great hotel	
Jun 2 2009 	Loved the Petite Suite	We knew that the Hotel is great as it was recommended thru freinds, but did not know that the same is going to turn out to be such a delight.We had booked for a petite suite and they gave us a free upgrade to their King Suite considering the fact that we were honeymooners. The view from the room was absolutely fantastic and we could see whole of the Las Vegas Strip. The best thing abt the rooms is that it had 2 bath rooms. 1 with a jacuzzi in it and the other with a shower cubicle. Undoubtedly it was the best room i have ever stayed in. Also the hotel service, food in the coffee shops or the casino was all fantastic. The hotel is also connected to the best mall in town, so that one can enjoy shopping thru the day and casino by the night. Its a self contained hotel. ohhh....and how can u forget the shows...Cirque De Solil....something not be missed by anyone, else the tri might look incomplete. Its the most fasinating show on earth. Trust me.	
Jun 1 2009 	Vegas Anniversary	Was disappointed with TI, rooms were clean and comfortable, however, very noisy. Housekeeping would start on our floor at 8AM and start banging things around, you could hear people in the room next to and above you . Hotel personnel were less than desirable for the most part, only one staff member stood out and that was Mary Ann, a cocktail waitress in the slot area between Cantor's and the Sports Book.The pool area is nice but very small compared to some on the strip and very basic, Sirens show was lame, Mystere was different to say the least, Cantor's deli very good and the 24 hour coffee shop is good and conveinent.Overall a we would not stay at TI again, had more fun next store at the Mirage.Overall I would not stay at TI again	
May 30 2009 	Excellent location on the Las Vegas strip	Great location near the Venitian and the Mirage on the strip in Las Vegas. Our room had a great view looking straight down the strip. The rooms have been refurbished fairly recently and a comfortable and stylish. There's a wide range of eating options on site, along with a casino. Parking is free, which is a big plus. There's also a free show outside the front of the hotel -- the pirate ship sinks four times a night!	
May 28 2009 	First time to Vegas-TI was a great experience!!	It was my first time to Vegas and I was exciited about going. I went for 4 days during Memorial Day Weekend and had a really nice time. I was so impressed with Treasure Island Hotel and though it was in a wonderful location. The check in was really easy and the customer service was great. We needed extra towels one night and they were immediately brought up to our room. The casino was nice and the waitress was for the most part on point with taking drink orders. Enjoyed dining at the restaurants I dined in and the Sirens show was a big hit (enjoyed it). If you are staying at TI you have a special place which is roped off to stand (right in front) and watch the show. All you have to do is show your room key. Ti is easy access to Fashion Show Mall and other places as well. Lastly if interested in getting around Vegas (besides walking) you can pay $7.00 and ride &quot;the Duece&quot; for 24 hours around the strip area (and it also allow you to transfer to the city bus) and check out the different malls, outlets, etc. What a nice first time experience. I will definitely go back to Vegas.	
May 27 2009	Overall GREAT!	We stayed @ Treasure Island May 15-18. We arrived at the hotel at 9am, real early, but had no problems checking in. We went up to the front desk to see if we could check in early and the girl said it wasn't a problem. My sister just asked if we could have a room on the highest floor available. She was very accomodating. She gave us a room on the top floor (36th) with upgraded strip view without asking! Awesome score! It doesn't hurt to ask and it doesn't hurt to be nice either. Our room had a great view of the pirate ship below as well as the palazzo, wynn and encore. We couldn't have asked for a better room. To get to the 36th floor (any floor btwn 31-36) requires key access. You just had to insert key and it gets you to the correct floor. The bathroom is standard, nothing special, it was clean and had all the amenities you needed. The bed was very confortable!!! Slept well each night.The pool area is nice. It could be bigger, but I guess it's one hotel which doesn't really cater to the pool crowd. Service by the pool was excellent. The servers got to you quickly with your drinks or whatever you needed. Just make sure you get down to the pool early enough to get a chair as they go quick!We ate at the buffet at TI. Reasonably priced. We ate their for breakfast. Lots to choose from, and there also offered lunch food as it was a late breakfast. Added bonus. Try the strawberry smoothie, it was delicious. Very fresh! We also ate at Pho. It was good. But since we're Vietnamese, nothing beats home cooking. But Pho was good nonetheless.It's located right beside the Fashion Show Mall so a very short walk acorss the road and you're there! Easy access! Mirage right next door, short walk acorss the street to the palazzo, venetian and wynn. It's about a 10-15min walk to the Bellagio/Caesars Palace, depends on how fast you walk. There's always so much to see!We also went to the nightclub at TI - Christian Audigier on the Sunday night. Any night they're open, it's free for TI guests. We had an amazing time there. Drinks were cheaper than other bars on the strip, so that was good. They played great music and the view on the patio is not one to miss. Right by the water of the Sirens of TI show as well.Overall, we had an excellent stay at TI. We would go back for sure.	
May 27 2009 	Enjoyed my stay at TI	I stayed at this hotel in January 2009. I typically visit Las Vegas once or twice a year but it was my first time trying Treasure Island.The hotel is approximately 10-15 minutes drive to and from McCarran Internation Airport (LAS). For those planning to drive, the hotel has covered parking.The staff is very friendly, helpful, and courteous. I had a problem with the room key they had given me and were quick to help.The room was very nice and clean. Flat screen TV, decent bathroom, and all the typical things you'd find in a hotel room (alarm clock, work desk, decent closet space, etc). There's a vending machine near the middle of the floor close to the elevators.I can't comment on the room service as I've never ordered any in any hotel I stay at in Vegas. There's generally multiple options within the hotel or within walking distance of the strip. I particularly liked &quot;Pho&quot;, a Vietnamese restaurant within the hotel. If you have a sweet tooth, there's a Ben &amp; Jerry's within the hotel.If you're in Vegas for some gambling. There are lots of tables and slots. If you're into poker like I am, there are daily poker tournaments. I believe it costs $60-65 buy-in. If you're into Cirque du Soleil shows, check out Mystere or Sirens of TI (which both play within the hotel).There is a walkway to get to The Fashion Mall and The Wynn hotel (which are both just close by). The Venetian is also close by. There is access to a tram from the hotel to the Mirage. It's a bit of a walk to get to the middle of the strip if you're planning to check out Caesar's, Bellagio, Paris, or Planet Hollywood.One of the minor drawbacks of the hotel is that it is not close to the monorail if you're planning to explore the other side of the strip.Overall, it was a very nice stay and would most definitely stay here again (and recommend).	
May 26 2009 	Ok..	Stayed for 2 nights over the weekend. As said before; staff like robots, a room upgrade to strip view another 30US (payed 200= per night already) and so so casino. Rooms nice though, quiet, tidy and new(ish) decor.all in all not bad but bit pricey I thought.	
May 26 2009 	Great Place	We stayed for 5 days in May-Did the twenty dollar tip at the front desk trick and got upgraded to a room on the 35th floor-perfect view of the strip-All staff was friendly-good food-the hotel left us a message offering 50% off Mystere tickets the first day-Great show!	
May 26 2009 	Hard to beat value.	Our first trip to the TI (Treasure Island), but not our first to Vegas. Clean, Well Run, Affordable are the best descriptions. Our room was spottless, and had an awesome view of the strip. It was a standard guest room. The food in the TI is probably the best on the strip. I know the Buffet is, all of it was fresh made, and the sauces where made as you ordered. The Cirque shows are a must, and early in the week we recieved 2 for 1 on the tix.Can not wait to return. Only complaint is a $20/day charge to use the gym....that was BS. Everything else&gt;gold star!	
May 25 2009 	Good hotel for the price.	Decided to stay one night given the fantastic rate just to check it out. Check in was a breeze as there was noone in line at 9pm on a Sunday night. Stayed on the 28th floor corner suite. The banks of elevators are separated for different floors of the hotel and wait times were less than 5 seconds at anytime. Bedrooms are newly remodeled and the king sized beds are probably one of the most comfortable we've been in. A pillowtop matress with top sheet/light blanket/heavy duvet. Nice! As there are no in-room bars, soft drinks are accessible via vending machine in the hall. Otherwise Walgreens is across the street or ABC over in Fashion Show Mall. Cons: If you like reaching for the rear left passenger seat belt over your left shoulder while in the drivers seat, you'll like where they placed the TP. Wow...I still have back aches. Hmmm a LCD screen that doesnt pivot from the wall makes for interesting tv viewing from bed. I hope the new TI mgmt fixes this. Yes, if you are an early sleeper, ie before 12am good luck as the fireworks from TI shoots past the windows. The casino has low ceilings and if you're sensitive to smoke, it may not be the place for you. Given that, its still a solid 4 star hotel and nothing more....	
May 24 2009 	Honeymoon in Vegas	We stayed at Treasure Island for our honeymoon from May 18th to 21st 2009. They gave us a room on the 7th floor with a view of a wall, we went back to the front desk and asked for a different room and they gave us a room on the top floor at the end of the hall overlooking the pirate ships with views of the North strip and the Venetian and the Palazzo, much better room. The hotel was very clean and comfortable and nicely decorated, the casino was a little smoky. It's obviously not the fanciest place on the strip compared to the Bellagio, Paris, Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn... But it's a lot nicer than the Sahara, Riviera, Circus Circus, Bally's, Harra's, Excalibur... It's probably a better deal than the Mirage, MGM, NY NY, Mandalay Bay, Flamingo... The TI location is great, right at the north end of the nice part of the strip, you don't have to go any farther north that the Fashion Show Mall, nothing worth seeing up there except for Speed at the Sahara. Mystere (Cirque) at TI is an amazing show, we had seats in the second row, it was the highlight of our trip. They offered us 2 for 1 tickets on Wednesday, but we already had tickets to Jubilee at Bally's, not a good show. The sinking of the Titanic set to music section was bizarre. As for Las Vegas, I don't think we'll go back. Many things about Las Vegas are awesome and amazing, like the fountains at the Bellagio, the Eiffel tower, the canals at the Venetian... but most things about Las Vegas are just unpleasant, creepy, annoying, dirty, loud, smoky, expensive and weird. For some reason, pedestrians refuse to wait for the walk signal when crossing the strip and almost get hit by taxi's, constantly. And you'll see people standing in front of something getting their picture taken, then get back on their rented scooter to carry on down the strip, able bodied people who just don't feel like walking. I know it's a long walk between casinos and it's hot, but that's just strange. The guys handing out porn cards on the strip are creepy, they are easily ignored, but the street is littered with discarded porn cards, and then families with children and grandparents walk over them. Creepy. If you think that Las Vegas might not be for you, you are probably right, don't go. If you like smoking, gambling, and paying way to much for things that you can get way cheaper anywhere else on earth, then you'll enjoy Vegas.	
May 22 2009 	Average	We stayed 6 nights at TI. We stayed after a recommendation from my sister. Pro's:-Great location- Nice clean room- Good size room with great view of strip and poolCon's:-Housekeeping was VERY loud and banging on our door at 8:00am on Sunday morning. -Very expensive drinks at the pool. Beer $7.00, Small mixed drink $9.00.-Booked and pre-paid for non-smoking room - checked in and were given smoking room. We would not settle on a smoking and they found us a non-smoking within minutes.- VERY smoky and dark casino. (we went through many and this was with the worst)-Pool chairs are touching one another. Awkward!!-Hard to get a chair at the pool after 9:00am (weekend OR weekday)- no in room fridge. (downer when drinks are $7+ each!!) - tv remote didn't work and only got a few channels- bad sewage smell around the pool drains. The cons were not so bad that we wouldn't stay here again, however there are many hotels to choose from so I think we would try something else next time.	
May 20 2009 	Probably my favorite place to stay in Vegas	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Vegas, and this is probably my favorite. It is beautiful in its design, the free pirate show out front can't be missed, the location can't get any better, and the beds-WOW!. Only the Hard Rock can compare to these beds. The TV and the room are both really small, which are my only complaints, but not enough to lower the rating.Great rates for such an awesome place.	
May 19 2009 	A nice 4 stars	I was in T.I. from may 11 to may 15, 2009After a slow check-in (20 minutes ) they give me the choice of a lower or upper room , I choose upper and It was a great room , I was on floor 33 and from floor 31 to 36 you got a reserve lift that ride you on you're floor only with the key room , our room got a view on the strip and on the sirene show. it was very clean ,we ask for a room with double bed and we got it .planty of towels .a/c work very well . very quiet on the floor . and a very fast check-outgreat place to stay	
May 19 2009 	A sure bet!	I love this hotel. My husband and I have been staying here on and off since it opened in the 1990s. It is by far one of the best values for a nice hotel in that location. It is located center strip so you are within close proximity to all the shopping and casino action whether you choose to walk or take a cab. Rooms have been updated and are luxurious and beautiful. It feels like you are staying in a much more expensive place. The buffet is so-so and fairly inexpensive, but we did enjoy the Pho restaurant, the 24-hr. coffee shop, and the New York style deli located on the north end of the casino. We like to rent a car when in Las Vegas because summers are too hot to walk, and winters can get really cold for those of us not used to frigid temperatures. Valet parking at TI is free and all you have to do is tip the valet attendant but the self park garage is spacious and convenient via a covered skywalk. This is definitely a couples hotel, and a good place for young people. I saw very few families or small children. Downside: the pool at TI is tiny, so if you are looking for pool time, stay here in the winter and opt for another place with a better pool in the summer.	
May 19 2009 	Best value on the strip!	Our stay was from a Sunday to a Friday, so we avoided most of the weekend crowd. Despite arriving on a late flight in, there were still plenty of rooms available and the front desk was helpful in providing a room with a good view (partial strip view). The room itself was great! The bed is the highlight as it must be the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. It is also equipped with a flat screen TV with a decent assortment of channels, some in HD. There was also a chaise in the corner which was also very comfy to sit in. The bathroom was good too, very clean, with an assortment of soap products provided by Treasure Island's Spa: WET. The bath/shower was a good size and the counters were spacious as well. My girlfriend was also surprised to find that the room provided a full sized hair drier as apposed to the wall mounted mini ones most hotels provide. The in room safe was also a handy feature. Only things not provided were in room bar or fridge, however neither are really needed when cheap drinks are available almost anywhere on the Strip.In terms of the Casino itself, T.I. is smaller than most, which is almost a good thing if you are going to Vegas primarily as a tourist. Not being a major gambler myself having to walk a mile through a casino to get to my room would be no fun. At T.I. it is much easier to get to as the elevators are centrally located and close to all restaurants/attractions the hotel offers.All restaurants at T.I. are great. I would recommend Canter's Deli as the sandwiches are huge! The Coffee Shop also provides a great selection of sandwiches, soups, and salads. The buffet is great, but keep in mind if you plan on walking or swimming a lot it may not be worth it to stuff yourself for $15-20 per person...In terms of bars, you must go to Kahunaville for at least one night of drinking, which is located near the pool exit at T.I.. The bartenders serve all drink with flair, and the two nights we went they had live flair competitions between various top notch bartenders. It's a lively atmosphere and well worth the extra cost of drinks. Many of the drink will range up to $25, but keep in mind they are HUGE and will come with dry ice on them to provide a volcano-like effect. Very cool!The pool at T.I. is also one of my personal highlights. Though smaller in size than some, the atmosphere is great with good music, a poolside bar (provided by Kahunaville!), and plenty of chairs poolside to soak up the sun. Supposedly there is a live DJ on weekends too.Overall it's hard to say anything bad about T.I.! Compared with some of the other properties we walked through it is well maintained, has friendly staff and is in a perfect location (Wynn, Encore, Palazo, Venetian, Mirage all a short walk). Also great location to save a few bucks on food as it is next door to the fashion show mall (regular food court upstairs with average fast food prices), as well as Wallgreens pharmacy across the street (great to pick up daily needs like water bottles without being robbed by hotel prices!).Oh and quick tip for anyone who likes coffee: Don't bother with the starbucks at T.I.! Everything is marked up by at least a dollar or two. A short walk to the Fashion Show Mall next door (there is a bridge built from T.I. to the mall for easy access) and the same starbucks coffee is available at regular prices!	
May 19 2009 	Great Hotel/Casino Great Location	We've been to Las Vegas about 20 times in the past 13 years and have stayed at several different hotels. We've always wanted to give TI a try and decided to go for it on this trip. We were not disappointed! Valet and check-in were a breeze (although retrieving our car took longer than at most other places). The elevators are close, quick and convenient. The room was spotless (strip view - 17th floor), and had a great view. We were overlooking the pool which was a little loud during the day, but no big deal. We were right across from the ice machine but never heard it. The bed was very comfy. The casino is nice, too. This was the first place that we've ever stayed in where we NEVER ran into a rude dealer. They were all very nice while taking our money! As past reviewers have mentioned, the TI is close to shopping, other great casinos, I-15, and even downtown. The self-parking garage is free, close, and very convenient. If you like Mexican food, you have to try the Isla restaurant in the TI. Our only complaint is that no matter where you eat in the TI, you will pay dearly. The buffet, Isla, the Coffee Shop - all way overpriced; even for LV. We never &quot;cheap out&quot; when we go to Vegas and still found all of their food prices way higher than most places, even Bellagio. All-in-all, we loved TI and will return!	
May 19 2009 	Hotel overated and the service was absolutely abysmal some staff more like robots than people.	I found the room to be a disappointment considering the costs involved. Due to the location, advertising and reviews I'd read I was expecting a real treat, silly me it was nothing of the sort. (1st rule expect nothing and you won't be disappointed I guess). It was basically drab, unpleasant decor and could do with good a spruce up and a designer who knows how to design. Fixtures and fittings were nothing special and I have stayed in plenty of better places. Bathroom okay. Have to say the room maids were good, everything was always clean and tidy, towels done etc. Actually the service from housekeeping overall was very good, I want to separate that from my comments below. The view of vegas from our windows was absolutely fabulous, not sure about the pirate ship outside the window that blows up at about 10pm every night, but thats just vegas I guess.The reception can be worse than the check-in at an airport, expect to queue for a good while, at certain times of the day anyway.The service from the reception on a few occasions was actually abysmal. Not when you don't require anything ,staff were fine, but step out of the normal routine with a problem or a complaint and I found them to be quite ignorant. Of course I am only speaking from my own experience, but thats what a review is for. They performed more like robots to be fair. I won't go back I will try somewhere else and it amazes me how many people are happy to accept these standards. Hope you have a better experience than we did. CToured with Papillon Grand Canyon Helicopter Tours for the Grand Canyon - Highly recommended by me, book online or ring [--]. My top tip - theres an excellent shuttle bus service to/ from the airport straight to the hotel door.	
May 18 2009 	Great Hotel with one glaring exception...	I visited TI last week and stayed two nights while on a business trip. I'll list my comments point-by-point:Arrival/Check-In/Departure -- Excellent. Fast and easy, and that includes the guys out front and the ladies behind the desk inside.Room Cleanliness and Comfort -- Very good. The new bedding is awesome. The bathrooms, while not huge are larger than a lot of others. The cleaning staff is great - very friendly.Food - I only hit the new buffet, but it was very good, and a great value.The Spa - perfectly fine equipment selection and not the least bit crowded. Perfect for my needs...The Sports Book - Nice, though small facility.The casino, and here's the problem... The blackjack dealers, as a group, are lifeless with NO personaity. NOT a pleasant experience. Considering this is the only game I play, this leaves a black eye on the entire property. Do what I've learned to do -- stay at TI and wlak or cab over to The Wynn or Encore for a world class gambling experience.That said, I'll still go back because everythign else at TI is so nice and affordable.	
May 17 2009 	Better Second Time Around	This is the second time I have stayed at TI, enjoyed it just as much this time as I did last year. Stayed May 8 - 11 with comp. room, the people at check-in could not have been nicer. Everyone from housekeeping on up were all very nice. Yes it is true that MGM sold the property, but after talking to some of the workers, they seem to be upbeat about it. They really do not seem to think that there will be that big of a change. Of course a new owner will have his own ideas, but he has owned a casino before, (the frontier) he knows how to keep a business going. As long as the service stays as it is, I will have no problem going back to TI I really don't care who ownes it.	
May 17 2009 	Great location average hotel	Chose to stay here for the final 3 nights of a 9 night Las Vegas trip having spent 6 nights at Planet Hollywood (see separate review). Reason for the switch was so we could be in walking distance to the Fashion Show Mall, Wynn, Encore, Venetian and Palazzo for our final few days - for the 1st 6 we hit the rest of the hotels near P.h (paris / nyny / mgm / belagio / caesars / harrahs). Also chose T.I. due to it being very reasonable price-wise (approx 45/$60 per night), being a 4* and remembering it having an ok casino from previous visits.Got upgraded at check-in to a strip view room which we really appreciated as had just been upgraded at P.H previously and thought we were going to regret changing hotels! Having pre-paid we were stuck with the change too so this upgrade was great news. We had a corner room on the 22nd floor which was great as it had 2 windows, 1 facing Wynn and 1 facing the freeway/mountains. Bed - very comfy, layout standard, plasma approx 32 inch was on the side-wall and you couldnt turn it so that was a bit weird and oddly the remote only worked if you aimed it at the window?! Bathroom fine - decent size, bath / shower. Safe in wardrobe. All in all it was fine. The problem we had was that it just wasn't as fresh / new as Planet Hollywood. To be fair though the hotel was pretty much as we expected it would be when we booked. The difference being Planet Hollywood surpassed our expectations and in doing so then made T.I. seem a bit dated and in need of a real make-over.Felt the same about the Casino too - seemed very dark in there and very dirty, with empty glasses and sticky machines, old looking carpet. We hardly gambled in there due to this and also that they didn't have the modern slots except Ebay stuck away in a far corner with noone ever playing it. I guess as it was stuck away in a far corner! Also the restaurants weren't as inviting as P.H. We wanted to try all of them in P.H. but weren't interested in any at T.I. except Kahunaville! Actually this place blew me away as they do the ''Big Kahuna Burger'' from the film Pulp Fiction - Samuel L Jackson / John Travolta scene - I assumed this was made up by Tarantino so this made our final breakfast (yes just like the film we had the burger for b/fast!) one to remember!! My wife will just remember it for me doing my Samuel L Jackson impression through the whole meal. Other restaurants / bars didn't entice us.Pool area was just not big enough - at P.H. we'd get down about 9.30 and get a bed without too much trouble - in T.I. we got the last 2 beds at 9 a.m. on a Monday?! Everyone gets down early and throws down their towel and a book and then seems to turn back up hours later! Annoying but you can see why they do it. Also the beds were all cramped up against each other as there isnt enough room out there so you are literally laying right next to your neighbour virtually touching arms which Ive never had before. On the Tues we got down at 8.30 and still struggled to get a bed! Best bet ended up being taking your towels and laying them by the side of the pool with your feet dropped in which was actually quite nice especially with it being about 95 degrees!So all in all the hotel was pretty much as we'd expected, we chose it for location and in my opinion this end of the strip is the one to be at right now. My favourite hotels to spend the evening at are all here - Wynn, Venetian and Palazzo, plus you're next door to the best shopping mall in Vegas.As you can tell we like a long stay in Vegas so for me the ideal next visit would be when City Centre opens - 5 nghts in P/H, and then 5 nights in a made-over T.I otherwise I'd stump up the extra cash and stay at whichever could do me the best deal out of Wynn / Venetian or Palazzo. Hope this helps!	
May 15 2009 	Will stay again!	Went to Las Vegas for the second time May 7-12. Upon booking the trip we found a great deal for TI and decided to give it a try. It was definitely better than we had expected (from the reviews on this site). Check-in was fast, the room was roomy and clean. We ate at the Coffee Shop almost everyday, and ordered room service a lot. It was very reasonably priced.The hotel is conveniently located across from Wynn, Encore and Palazzo. There's a Walgreen's across the street and a bridge connecting to the Fashion Show Mall.We were there to go shopping &amp; party every night, so the hotel definitely served it's purpose. The casino was dark and we didn't actually win much but it was good. The crowd at TI was a mix of families and older crowds. The only negative thing to report is that the pool on the weekend. It was way too crowded and the &quot;dj&quot; played the same songs on repeat. Not very good ones either. Also, when heading back to your room at night be prepared to show security your room keys at the elevators.	
May 15 2009 	You get what you pay for	Went to TI as a promo form MGM rewards. We got 3 nights free plus free play plus a room credit. we had a late flight so we checked in at 10pm. Requested a king, non smoking room. Was offered either 2 queens non smoking or 1 king smoking. We were told that the high level smoking rooms were not that smokey. Nice view but you could still tell it was a smoking room(not horrible). You can tell that it had been updated but it still showed wear. Small flat panel tv and 1 sink. Very smoke filled casino . The last straw was that had been sold by MGM and were no longer part of MGM. Left as soon as we found out. If you are looking for a VEGAS experience stay at one of the better hotels(Mandalay Bay or the Wyne) you pay more but you get what you pay for. If you just want to gamble and dont care than go to Freemont street.(real cheap).	
