	Nice to be away from the crowds and gambling	FS was having quite a few specials for their most basic room so we decided to try something different on this trip to Vegas. Got a rate of about $330 a night including tax. FS is by far my new favorite in Vegas until the Mandarin opens and I check that out. If you are looking for a place that is away from the gambling sounds and crowds, then this is the perfect place. For a basic room, our room was spacious and had quite a large bathroom. Bed was extra comfy and we had a view of the Mandalay pool area. The FS pool area was exceptional. Pool staff walked around giving out fresh fruit, lemonade, and doing sunglass cleaning and evian spritz. Had a great lunch poolside, highly recommend the grilled cheese sandwhich with tomatoe soup. The only odd thing was that the pool did not have a drink menu, the waitress just said, ask me what you want and I'll see if we can make it. It would be nice if they had some special drinks or at least listed some basics in a drink menu. Brunch in the restaurant was not bad at $35 pp, especially if you are hungover from the night before and just want something close by. Spa and gym facilities were excellent as well. There are attendants in the gym handing out towels, water, and gatorade. Hotel guests can use the steam room in the spa even if they are not having spa treatments. Service all around was the usual FS polished treatment that guests are used to no matter what FS they stay at. The only negative I think of is that it is at the end of the strip, attached to mandalay bay so it is kind of a hike to get to the middle of the strip for shows and dinner. This didn't bother us as we wanted to stay a little further away, but it might be an issue for others.	
	Simply the best!	We have just returned from an eight night stay at The Four Seasons. We were celebrating our anniversary. We could not have made a better choice of hotel. We were upgraded to a Premier View Strip Suite in advance which was simply stunning - views, amenities and acres of space. A celebration cake and a selection of fresh fruit were awaiting us in the room on our first night which was thoughful and much appreciated. Thoughfulness seems to sum up this hotel. The staff are there if you need them but never intrusive - you are made to feel safe from the outset. Several times during our stay messages were left on the answer machine from the on-duty manager just checking if everything was going well and if anything was needed.We ate in Charlie Palmers, the in-house steak restaurant on one night. It was quite expensive - the wine list in particular is eye-wateringly so, and although the food was good the experience was marred to a considerable extent by the noise coming from a nearby table. We had expected a quiet intimate dinner but...Not the hotel's fault but disappointing nonetheless.Although at the extreme south-end of the Strip there is a free tram which runs between Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. Getting around is easy. We booked to see three shows when we were in town and had no problem travelling about. The monorail is a frequent, fast way to travel to most of the points of interest.We bought an item which only after buying realised we would not be able to take back as cabin luggage. It was expensive and we were not keen to put it in the aircraft hold. A quick word with the Concierge staff and it was arranged through their in-house business department for the package to be posted home to the UK - do you prefer UPS or FedEx I was asked. Marvellous!We have stayed in a couple of the rival hotels before this visit - Bellagio and the Venetian to name two but neither come close to The Four Seasons. If you fancy a treat go for it - you won't regret it. I have read reviews here where people have complained about the noise from McCarran Airport. Our room overlooked the airport and the noise didn't bother us at all - in fact is was interesting to sit by the huge floor to ceiling windows with a glass of wine in one hand and just watch the world rolling along.We'll be back!	
Nov 20 2009 	Raised the bar	Spent last weekend at the Four Seasons, and now I will not be able to stay anywhere else. Yes, it's expensive, but we appreciated being removed from the glitz etc. of Vegas, yet being able to enjoy everything Vegas has to offer on our own terms. Strip view is worth the upgrade. We ate at the restaurants in the Mandalay Bay Casino area, and were impressed by Border Grill and Strip Steak. We were happy to leave it all behind at the end of the night, and slip back into the luxury of the Four Seasons.	
Nov 15 2009 	Actually a good value believe it or not!	We stayed three nights at the end of October, and booked through American Express Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts. The package gave us the third night free, plus breakfast either in our room or at the Verandah Restaurant, plus one free dinner at Verandah. Our final per night cost was $109, which is unbelievable for the Four Seasons. The only reason I gave them 4 rather than 5 stars for value was the internet access charge. It really should be free at that level of hotel.The rooms are large, the beds are comfy and it really is an oasis of calm (just as they advertise). We actually experienced culture shock when we opened the &quot;secret&quot; door into the bustle that is Mandalay Bay. We forgot we were in Vegas!	
Nov 15 2009 	The New Las Vegas Experience	Took a &quot;staycation&quot; at this super hotel. Perhaps the $145 rate pre-judges my opinion, which is excellent. The property is offering very low rates to Nevada residents - and you must prove that you live in the state, otherwise you are going in at $200 a night plus. Service, service, service is by far the best in any hotel in Las Vegas. Front Desk staff beyond courteous - they are amazing. Over 33 years living in Vegas I've stayed at many hotels. Four Seasons sits atop the Mandalay Bay, but has it's own entrance, lobby, restuarant, spa and pools. Unless you have a strip view - you'd never know you were in &quot;Sin City.&quot; Room is comfortable; bathroom with 'soaking tub' wonderful. Quiet. Elevators go from lobby and bypass every floor until 35 or 36, which is nice. AND, they offer smoking rooms, which I know is very rare in a Four Seasons hotel - perhaps it is still permitted in Las Vegas, except in restuarants. I look forward to my next &quot;staycation&quot; at this great hotel.	
Nov 15 2009 	On oasis of calm after the full-on Vegas strip.	As a traveller who usually stays in budget hotels this was a bit of a treat for me. I had the opportunity to stay in this wonderful hotel and I do not use the term lightly. I have to admit that I do not get the opportunity to stay in 5+ star hotels on a regular basis so my review will be based on my limited experience of them.The hotel itself is located at the top of the Mandalay Bay complex located on floor 35-39. It has it's own independant lobby and elevators at ground level, so you do not need to walk through any casinos to get to the hotel. From the beginning we were welcomed. On our arrival from the airport we were checked in swiftly and courteously then shown where the elevators were. We got given cold bottled water to refresh us after our journey. The elevator goes to the floors 35-39 and you have access to the casino level if you wish.Our room was on the 39th floor with a strip view. The room was a twin room with two very comfortable queen sized beds. It was well very clean and well decorated with solid wood furniture and soft furnishings. There was a large screen television with access to many channels, movies, games and the Internet. The bedside table had a lamp, ipod dock and bedside alarm clock. There was a large comfortable chair and footstool to relax as well as a desk and two chairs with writing equipment. There was a well-stocked minibar with snacks and drinks and plenty of closet space. The bathroom was clean and bright with a marble suite and a great shower and bath. Plenty of clean towels and bathroom products like L'Occitane soap and shampoo.Our room service was super-efficient and we often returned to find our beds had been made and the room had been cleaned. Fresh fruit was delivered on one of the nights as well as bottled water on a regular basis. There were lots of other services that we had access to that we didn't necessarily use like laundry services, in-room dining and use of the business and conference centres. My colleague did visit the spa which is at the ground level and he was full of praise about it.The hotel has got a steak house as well as a contemporary Italian restaurant called Verandah. I'll write a seperate review about that.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone who has the opportunity to stay at it. It was an oasis of calm after the full-on sights and sounds of the Vegas strip.	
Nov 15 2009 	Awesome from start to finish	We arrived on oct 16, we had booked for 6 nights, at check in my girlfriend had asked for a room upgrade to a strip view, we were told that the hotel was full for the weekend but on monday the 18th there would be a strip view available, we checked in and found our room on the 36th floor, beautiful room, just what I expected from a four seasons hotel, on the 18th we recieved a message from reception that our new room was ready, within 15 minutes we were in the new room, an awesome view looking straight down the strip, a room that would have cost $100 a night extra if we had book it form the start and all complimentary, everybody we came in contact with that worked in the hotel were very helpful and really made our stay in Las Vegas a great experience, we stayed in the wynn last year but i think if you want a hotel in Vegas with the ultimate luxury, the most comfortable beds, most pleasant staff, great pools, then the four seasons it has to be, we'll be returning again next year and I think we already know where we'll be staying. Well done to the Four Seasons Las Vegas.	
Nov 13 2009 	Four Seasons - Five stars	We stayed 2 nights at this hotel recently and loved our experience. We did book through Wot-if and got a heavily discounted rate- so our views are based on that. The room was a decent size , decorated in what Icall bland traditional america style but we did have a fantastic view looking right down the strip. The in -room service was excellent. Bed very comfy and bathroom beautifully appointed. We enjoyed the atmosphere of the poolside restaurant and fantastic service by pool attendants who set up your loungers with covers and towels and bought iced water and glasses to your table.To clear up any confusion the Four seasons is on the top 4 or 5 floors of the Hotel Mandalay Bay.This is located at one end of the strip , very close to the airport. Its about a 10 minute walk up the strip to the Belligio ( centre of Vegas) It has its own lifts, restaurant and pool but no casino. There is direct access to the Mandalay Bay casino.I	
Nov 10 2009 	Truly outstanding - one of the better Four Seasons	All Four Seasons are top-notch - this one is slightly better. The service is relaxed and not scripted; the rooms are clean and well maintained; room service is very good, both the food and the service; and the hotel is a delight to stay in. If you want in the frantic world of Vegas, look elsewhere - this is, as they say, the one place in the city you will find serenity.	
Nov 9 2009 	Even for the most demanding meeting planner they're flawless!	We do one and two-day meetings for business owners, CEO's and Presidents, over 160 in the last 15 years, in 30 U.S. states. We are very tough raters, as demonstrated in many of our other reviews here. This year we went back to the Las Vegas Four Seasons based on our superb experience last year with a major client. One again we have to admit they are literally in a class of their own in the meeting and banquet category. They just don't miss the tiniest beat. Worth every penny of the cost differential.	
Nov 7 2009 	Expected more consistent service and problem solving	We went to Vegas to see U2 at Sam Boyd, and as such booked our rooms months ago with a 3 for 2 rate -- strip view. Call me crazy, but then the bed should face the strip too. Room was definitely clean, concierge for the most part extremely friendly, food and nummies in the restaurants were tasty but oh no, don't order room service. Soggy pizza, burnt pancacks, a sickenly sweet smoothy. Based on a quick dinner downstairs they can do better.Encountered very loud disco one night -- front desk tried to convince me it was from the roof top but no, next night not so (thank heaven). Definitely nice to be off to the side with fewer waits for things. Bathroom -- the hairdryer blew all the fuses, then they brought a new one and it died. My hair is not that thick. Those L'occidente products are extremely drying -- don't think of that as remotely high end -- give me some good Fresh Rice bath or Bergamot age delay body creams -- then I'd fee like you went the extra country mile.So, would I stay again for about 350 a night? Not sure. Did appreciate concierge getting us a fountain view window at Olives. But hey, it's Vegas, one can just lighten up and go with it.One aside -- Balinese masages a must - they really know where they're doing and you're going to be transported to another planet. Go there. It's a pretty planet !!U2 were amazing, as was the Valley of Fire National Park. Could have camped out there -- looked so interesting.	
Nov 6 2009 	great as usual	We only stayed 3 nights, but the staff is really what makes the stay. Very friendly! My husband had left his CC and the staff was more than willing to call and help locate it. Also, I liked the quiteness of the hotel. There wasn't a noisy crowd in the hall which is usually what keeps me awake at night.	
Nov 4 2009 	Exclusivity on the strip	My partner and I travelled to Vegas for our friend's wedding as part of a group of about 20 people staying in the Mandalay Bay, THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay and the Luxor next door. We booked on late and while others where only staying in Vegas a couple of nights before moving on we decided we couldn't be bothered with travelling around and opted to soak up some winter sun by the pool instead, so were looking for a base for around 10 nights and couldn't get into any of the hotels above. The closest we could get was the Four Seasons which takes up the top five floors of the Mandalay Bay, allowing access to all the facilities of all the hotels on the complex as well as some exclusive areas for FS guests only. Staying in Vegas for 10 nights seems fairly unheard of unless you're headlining somewhere but we got a great deal on the FS - expedia was pricing around £220 a night but we shopped around online and got it for about £120. For this money I think the FS is fantastic - I'm not sure I'd pay £220 - there are lots of good hotels around in Vegas for less. We stayed at the Bellagio last year for around £100 a night and it's much more central to the main attractions on the strip and similarly luxurious. We also got and $50 spa credit each on check it which we didn't use cos the treatments were a little pricey.We got a fantastic room literally looking right down the strip, like something out of a postcard. Watching the news in the morning for the weather forecast the webcam view was almost identical which shows it's one of the best views around.The room itself wasn't huge but, as they say, it was perfectly formed. A nice big bed with good quality linens, big TV and lots of wardrobe space. The bathroom wasn't huge and the bath and shower seemed smaller than standard, but BVLGARI toiletries were great! I really liked the ipod docking station but I thought the WiFi charge was excessive at $14.99 for 24 hours. Heres a tip though for wifi addicts - if you go down to the beach at Mandalay Bay which you can use as a FS guest there's free wifi there.I thought the hotel did well on special touches - we had a hand written note in our room from the manager with truffles on arrival, saying if we needed anything to just ask. On the last night we got another note with melted chocolate and strawberries. We ordered room service a couple of times and always thought it good value and good quality.By the FS pool the staff cannot do enough for you, they set your sunlounger up with super fluffy towels and bring iced water jugs to your side - and that's before they come around cleaning your sunglasses, spraying Evian mist on your face and dishing out complimentry smoothies, ice lollies and melon. The pool itself is only small but it's much quieter and more relaxing than Mandalay's beach which was bustling in October so imagine would be crazy busy in summer.All in all we liked this hotel - it's just a little way out for wandering up and down the strip. You can get on the free monorail as far as Excalibur but it is a long walk up to Bellagio/Paris/Venetian/Ceasers or the Mirage, which is what I would describe as central strip territory.The facilities in the Mandalay or OK - we ate there a couple of times - but the casino was quiet and lacking in atmosphere compared to other hotels with more passing traffic. For daytime gambling we really enjoyed the dealertainers at the Imperial Palace of all places for a real laugh and great atmosphere with low minimums... but the Bellagio casino is good at night and you can't beat the restaurants around the hotel's lake for pure views and experience. Bit pricier this year than last but that was partly due to a poor exchange rate for us Brits!Hope this helps - if you are heading to Vegas we saw the Beatle's LOVE show at the Mirage this time and would highly, highly recommend it. Best thing we've seen in Vegas by a long chalk :-)	
Nov 2 2009 	I'd stay there again in a heartbeat!	My wife and I lucked into a great rate at Four Seasons Las Vegas for the U2 concert weekend. Not only is the hotel a luxurious oasis in the city of sin, but the service is by far the most consistently outstanding we have ever seen in an American hotel... from bell services to housekeeping to front desk and management... everyone had a smile and something nice to say. Wow! We were amazed. Budget permitting, we won't stay anywhere else in Vegas ever again!	
Oct 31 2009 	Comfortable Weekend	Stayed at this property for 2 nights since we were in town to see the U2 concert. Service was great, the bed was very comfortable, the room was clean, bottles of water were provided, and the L'Occittane products were a nice touch. We had problems with our AC that were immediately attended to as well. The only negative thing that I would have to say would be the standard rooms are a tad outdated and small compared to the Venetian or Wynn. But if you are looking for a sedate, quiet, non-gaming property this would be it. However, you can hit the Mandalay Bay casino and use the Mandalay swimming pools as well. Parking is free at Mandalay as well - just find the &quot;secret door&quot; to the Four Seasons on the casino floor!	
Oct 26 2009 	A Relaxing Oasis on the Strip	Went there this last week with my husband who was on a business trip. From the moment we stepped out of the taxi, we had a fabulous experience. The staff was always helpful and friendly. They even upgraded us to a suite, which was beautiful. Everything was clean and comfortable. Don't miss hanging out at the pool. I sat down there for hours after braving the strip with my book and a cocktail and I felt reenergized..The hotel is at the south end of the strip but you can take a tram from Mandalay Bay (which connects with Four Seasons) to Excalibur--very convenient	
Oct 26 2009 	This was a very nice luxurious hotel with great service.	We have been to Las Vegas many times, and have stayed in the nicer hotels most of the times and the Four Seasons beats them all. It starts at check-in, when they saw our daughter, they gave her a very nice furry toy. Check-in was fast and easy, they walk you to the elevator and show you how to get to Mandalay Bay. The rooms are located on the top 6 floors of the Mandalay Bay hotel, thus you are guaranteed to be high up. The room was very nicely furnished, comfortable bed, large bathroom with a separate tub and shower. They had a kids &quot;toiletry bag&quot; with shampoo, conditioner, lotion for my daughter. Also a nice touch - they had my daughter's name spelled out with those sponge letters that kids play with in the bath-tub. It was difficult to figure out the TV channels but we were not in the room much to worry about it.It was great to be able to use the Mandalay Bay beach as a benefit of staying here, we loved the lazy river though were disappointed that we could not use the wave pool due to my daughter being too short. We went in summmer, it was extremely hot and we spent half a day just staying in the lazy river. The pool at Four Seasons was nice and way quieter. After all the noise, crowds and racket at the Mandalay beach, it was nice to go to the Four Seasons pool and just relax. This pool is for Four Seasons guests only, and so it was never crowded. Service was great, they bring out a jug of iced water when you get there, and the staff is always walking around making sure everyone is taken care of.We had breakfast at the hotel one morning, the buffet is expensive but has great choices. Loved the choices of bacon, and sausages, the berries bowl, mini doughnuts and pastries.All in all , this was the best hotel in terms of service and attention to detail. Would stay here again.	
Oct 25 2009 	Fantastic views awesome bed!	My husband and I stayed here for two days. We had a late check in and all the king rooms were full so we were upgraded to the 180 degree strip view suite. It was fantastic! While it was definitely more room than we needed it was absolutely beautiful with a great view of the strip, airport and the mountains beyond. Even though the hotel was right across from the airport we couldn't hear any planes, just an occasional helicopter. The spa was really nice and the fitness center was well equiped. Both were free for hotel guests. The pool was very nice. You could use the Mandalay Bay pools as well, but the Four Seasons pool was much less crowded and more relaxing. We had breakfast at the Veranda. The food and service were both excellent. The Four Seasons only has valet parking at $19/day, but you can park for free over at the Mandalay Bay and walk through to the Four Seasons. Internet was $15/day. Overall an excellent hotel that I would definitely stay at again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Very nice! Only issue is distance from everything else.	I stayed with a couple buddies at the Four Seasons. They overbooked the first night and gave us a free night at the &quot;THEHotel&quot; and it was nice, but our room smelled like smoke. The room at Four Seasons was really nice and everyone was always nice as you would expect at a Four Seasons. Only complaint is that it is too far from all the other casinos.	
Oct 10 2009 	Only place on strip that takes pets	We stayed at the four seasons in vegas for the fourth time. We love the hotel. The staff is awesome and the rooms are great. But the best part is that they take small dogs so we can take our best friend with us.	
Oct 9 2009 	Awesome place - great pool	Stayed here for a business conference held at Mandalay Bay. This hotel is attached and is much nicer. They have a smaller private pool with a guy walking around misting people with an Evian water aerosol mister. Service at the pool was top notch too as was the room service. Prices were higher than other Vegas hotels but not outrageous.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Hotel as are all the Four Seasons	The Four Seasons occupies the top 4 floors of the Mandalay Bay Hotel. Elegant private lobby that is separate from the Mandalay Bay Hotel with separate elevators to the rooms. The rooms are all tastefully decorated which is wonderful in Vegas. Strip views are nice but the non strip views are not bad.The only negative are the tour helicopters that come so close to the hotel you almost feel like you are under attack.	
Oct 8 2009 	I felt like Cinderella.	My husband had meetings to attend at the hotel and I got to go along. Before we even entered the hotel there were people to help us with our bags and offering to do anything they could to make sure our stay was enjoyable. The people at the desk were sooo polite and helpful. And then we got to our room....it was like walking into paradise. It was BEAUTIFUL. Slippers and cozy robes and the shampoo and conditioner and lotion was to die for. The room service was above par. And the bed!!!!!!!!! Oh my gosh. The pool service was exceptional. The food... everything perfect. We couldn't have asked for a better first experience in Las Vegas. Thank you so much for making me feel like a princess for a couple of days.	
Oct 8 2009 	FANTASTIC HOTEL 	Our final destination after touring the USA was Las Vegas. We were amazed that we managed to book the Four Seasons for less than £100 per night. We had paid much more than this for some horrid hotels.We received a fantastic welcome from the Valet staff who quickly parked our car and took our luggage to our room. Check in was swift &amp; a complimentary bottle of chilled water. Our room was on the 36th floor, overlooking the bottom of the Strip/Mountains. Great room, decorated in a traditional style &amp; very clean. Huge Bed with wonderful bedding. The most comfortable bed we have ever slept in. Large TV &amp; Internet available at $15 per day. Bathroom was spotless with quality towels &amp; toiletries. Room Service was fast. Maid Service was twice a day. Turn down service was an extra bonus at the end of a long day. We were treated to a surprise birthday cake on our arrival. Pool area was very nice and again the service was 1st Class. The concierge staff were fantastic, returning our hire care, taking bookings and phoning bars in advance to notify them of our arrival. Casino of Mandalay Bay is on the 2nd floor and is reached via a private entrance. We tried to book the hotel car twice but it wasn't available but taxis are waiting at the front of the hotel. However it was available to take us to the airport.I have no idea how anybody can find fault with this hotel. Compared to other hotels on the Strip, this really is an Oasis not to be missed.	
Oct 6 2009 	It was GREAT	Thanks Four Seasons for the wonderful stay. It is so nice to return to peace and tranquility after a busy day on the strip. We found the rooms very quiet. The pool staff were very attentive. Would return.	
Oct 5 2009 	Nice but..."	We just got back from a long weekend at the Four Seasons Las Vegas. I read many great reviews of this resort and wanted to check it out. Very nice private entrance you do feel like you're pulling into a Four Seasons. Very helpful and polite staff at check-in. We had a little issue with our reservation which was solved quickly and efficiently. We were on the 39th Floor. I think the Four Seasons has the 4 top floor of the Mandalay. The room is clean, new but very plainly decorated. We had a smallish room with a view of the strip. The bathroom is big, marble, large area, but only one sink and the world's smallest shower. Just a bad use of space. The pool area is smallish, but nice and private. You can access the Mandalay Bay pool with your Four Season's Key. I was a little disappointed with the pool, the lounger cushions are faded and a little dirty. We walked around the Wynn and the Encore and their pool loungers were far superior. I hate to nit pick, but just being honest. The staff at the pool were very friendly and helpful. They came and set up the lounger for you immediately and someone came by to take your drink/food order. There's a small bar area with a little place to eat. Overall it was a good experience, but given the options in Vegas, I won't stay there again. I've stayed at the suites at The Hotel and I would much rather go there. We did visit the spa and did an 80 min treatment. Very expensive and really not up to standards. Save your money and go to the spa at the Mandalay. A little less expensive and bigger spa.	
Oct 5 2009 	Best Hotels Deal in Las Vegas	Las Vegas is a place for fun and entertainment, a world of casinos and of extravagant events. When you say Vegas, it means fun, fun, and fun! People love to have fun and the best way for others to experience that fun is to go to Las Vegas.This city is known all over the world because there are lots of international sporting events are held here. Since this is the fun side of the world, there are also lot of Hollywood personalities are enjoying Las Vegas. And with it was where I started and planned my Journey . After deep thought I preferred Las Vegas , far from hustle bustle , and calm stay. Te most important part was Booking hotels for our stay, a stay that is within Our budget , We scrolled over many sites and then found a site that had everything in one pace , Hotels2stay.net. Nice portal for online booking of cheap &amp; discount Hotels .Thanks to Hotels2stay as every services they mentioned were fully given by them . in Four seasons hotels , and compared to all other sites I found this one giving huge discounts .The 8,000 Square-foot Garden Is An Inspiring Outdoor Experience. This Outdoor Oasis Also Boasts A Free-form Splash Pool That Is Surrounded By Chaise Lounge Chairs And Romanesque Columns. The Spa Unveiled A Line Of Treatments That Were Designed To Harness The Healing Powers Of The Desert. With 16 Elegant Treatment Rooms And Such Remedies As The Thai Herbal Poultice Massage, The Spa Has Secured A Place Among Conde Nast Traveler's 'Top 10 Resort Spas In North America And The Caribbean.'Guestrooms Boast A Collection Of Contemporary Furniture, High-end Designer Carpets And Enchanting Views Of The Strip. Beds Are Draped Beneath 400-Thread-count Egyptian Linens. Four Seasons Las Vegas Greets Children With Age-appropriate Amenities Such As Small Bathrobes And Bath Toys, And Even Spells Out The Child's Name On The Tub Using Colorful Sponge Letters. Guestrooms Feature Cd And Dvd Players, 42-Inch Flat-screen Televisions Wireless Internet Access.It was indeed a nice experience for us . the hotel was fantastic with all facilities ... They had great amenities and service offered were really great .Making my trip a memorable one	
Oct 4 2009 	Wow what a great hotel	We stayed at The Four Seasons for 3 nights last week and it was an excellent hotel, the check-in was very quick the bags were in the room before we arrived there, the room was fabulous it was on the 39th floor with a spectacular view over Vegas and the airport. The Four Seasons is like an oasis after walking on the strip the pool area is very good and the food was excellent. We have now moved on to San Deigo, think 3 days is more than enough for Vegas unless you want to gamble. Well done Four Seasons.	
Oct 3 2009 	Best Hotel in Vegas but could improve around the edges	Im giving this hotel 5 because its really the best hotel in vegas, it may not be the best hotel out there such as Beverly Hills, NYC, or London but i understand hotels in Vegas come in #2 compared to rest of it out there. We were celebrating two birthdays so we chose vegas. We arrived around 1:30, of course the room wasn't ready, so we walked into the Mandalay bay and grabbed lunch, something cafe right by the guest elevators.... Yummy. The room was ready after lunch so we checked in, nice thing is this hotel is on the top floors of the Mandalay so your gonna have a great view. Guest reception agent, was really nice and helpful, pointed us in the right direction and headed on our way... 36th floors later, we arrived. Nothing to impressive except the view. Bed, simple decor and large bathroom. Nothing really new but not worn out as well. Stayed 3 nighst, and did not regret choosing this hotel, even though it was at the end of the strip. Good thing is, the Luxor and Excalibur all connect together, so you never have to walk in the hot sun to get down the strip.Things we loved:*The hotel driver; Escalade is better to ride in then a cab any day*Being able to escape to a separate 4 season lobby with no crowds*Housekeeping was able to get any items we needed up in a really quick manner, very professional and polite. *Separate pool from the Mandalay, but having access to the big pool if needed...*SPA was great, steam and great showers, Gatorade in Mens and tea in the woman's... cute touch, but what if i wanted tea??Not no keen:*Pool girl seemed not to be happy to be there, orders took a bit too long, the order wasn't to hard btw*No birthday amenity in room, after telling the hotel we were there to celebrate our birthdays ( no wow factor)*Hotel staff used the guest elevators which seemed weird when we were in a rush and kept stopping on floors to pick them up*Walked in the lobby restroom to find an associate using it (awkward)We never used our car once for the entire time we were there, seemed funny to pay for valet if its gonna sit there for days, we parked in Mandalay for free, and it only took 5 minutes from our car to the roomIf you want the best in Vegas, this is the place. Unless your paying 5-20k for a suite at other hotels that come with a personal butler, this is the best service on the strip. I stayed at the Wynn my last trip and was a bit disappointed so decided to try 4 Seasons and was happy i did.Like I said maybe a few errors but no ones perfect	
Sep 30 2009 	Best in Vegas (after a poor start)	My wife and I stayed here for four nights in September 2009. I had been to Vegas once before and chose the Four Seasons as we liked the idea of being able to escape back to somewhere quieter after venturing out into the hustle and bustle. I got a great deal on the BA website and had booked a Superior Room.We arrived at 3.30pm on a Thursday afternoon to be (after an excellent welcome from the valet parkers and door staff) to be told by the woman on reception that our room wasn't ready but that we could upgrade to a suite for $100 extra a night. When I said that I had no interest in paying to upgrade to a suite, I was basically told that I was being foolish as this was amazing value and that we would therefore have to wait for a room to become available. At this point I was very unhappy, firstly for being told how I should spend my money (I was able to find better ways to spend that $400 in Vegas!) and secondly that, despite it being after check-in time, the room that we had booked was not available... this was their problem not mine! I therefore asked to speak to the manager at which point the reception woman mysteriously managed to find us a room... and what a room. We were upgraded to a strip view room although the silly reception woman didn't actually bother telling us that she'd upgraded us and therefore missed out on a great gratuity! This was the only negative we had about the stay.The view from the strip view room was amazing and the room was a good size (although probably small by Vegas standards) and comfortably furnished. Decent L'Occitaine toiletries and I didn't think that the minibar prices were too crazy compared to other hotels (although the $15 internet charge a night irked slightly).I will just echo what others have said on this site about the hotel being an oasis of tranquility; it was great being able to go through that door from Mandalay Bay into a world of refined luxury (and we managed to find the door fine after a while!) and we quite liked being down the south end of the strip away from the &quot;mad&quot; middle section.The pool service is everything that has been reported, jugs of water, frozen melon balls, evian spray etc etc, and I thought that the fitness centre was very well equipped. There was a good range of food and drinks available at the pool and again it wasn't stupidly priced.The only time we properly ate at the Hotel was the Sunday breakfast buffet; I would strongly recommend this to anyone. I've seen alot of breakfast buffets at a lot of hotels around the world, but nothing could beat this for quality! Not only were there some interesting options (including doughnuts that you could take away in a box for a midmorning treat!) but most of the options were small portions so that you could have a wider variety.We utilised the concierge desk on a number of occasions and were very impressed. They managed to get us a table for Prime at the Bellagio at 8pm despite us having only been able to manage 9.30 when we tried to book ourselves and their advice was generally useful and impartisan.Overall, I'd recommend this over any other hotel in Vegas if you want a more chilled, relaxing experience but it's likely that it wouldn't be the right place for you if you want a typical Vegas stay! So saying that, the new Mandarin Oriental could be interesting when it opens....	
Sep 27 2009 	An ideal base to experience Vegas	I will start off by saying all the other reviews you read about the Four Seasons being excellent, attentive, professional, clean etc etc etc are true ! So there is no need to go over this again. Vegas is ultimately busy 24/7 which is great but you sometimes need a break, out of all the hotels on the strip it was apparent to us that the Four Seasons provides that break, even the lobbies of the other 5 star hotels were like rush hour in Kings Cross station.Quick answer for people wondering YES book the Four Seasons, pay a little more but enjoy the differences.A couple of things that might help your stay and give you more to spend in the casino are our following observations. If you hire a car it will cost you a tip every time you pick your car up as it is valet parking, tipping is around $2-3, this adds up over 1 week or 2, as you enter the drive off Las Vegas Boulevard turn left and park in the Mandalay Bay conference centre car park or another secure area (not that security is an issue) is to go round the back of the Mandalay Bay on Hacienda Ave West and park in the Mandalay Bay car park, remember your parking spot and get the lift into the casino, walk through to the Four Seasons lift in the Mandalay Bay lobby and your there ! By the way the door in the Mandalay bay lobby is not 'hidden' as people say, its just there! Also if you walk round to the right of the Mandalay Bay reception desks this brings you to the spiral marble staircase in the Four Seasons reception area.Another tip for car drivers, all the major hotels on the strip have free parking, usually around the back, find these and use them instead of expensive taxi rides, use parallel back roads at all times as the strip is ridiculously busy, great for taxi drivers as the meter spins ! The Four Seasons is at the southern end of the strip so walking the strip fully is really unachievable unless you’re a good walker, use your car. If you do not have a car use the free mono rail from the Luxor to get you further up the strip.The Four Seasons has a courtesy car, not advertised well but it is there, its free but you will of course have to do the obligatory tip, you can book it if you require, just speak to the front desk.Internet is not cheap, its about $15 per hour in the hotels etc, there is a cheaper option if you don’t wont to be on that long, the Four Season will give you 10 min free once you swipe your credit card, keep your eye on the clock and sign out before you hit 11, the internet is in the lobby area just behind the free coffee and bun area (which is put out on a morning). Otherwise visit the Showcase mall on the strip next to MGM, this is where the giant glass coke bottle is, go to the 2nd floor which is the food court and tucked away are 3 internet stations which cost approx $1 for 5 mins. I guess you have to decide how long you want to stay on the net.Food, as you would expect eating on the strip can be expensive so if you have a car and you want a good breakfast then try the Egg Works at 2490 East Sunset Rd, NV 89120 massive breakfasts, as the title says eggs........but a lot more. A good evening meal (family) then try Marie Callenders at 4800 S. Eastern Ave. NV 89119 and if you want a take out burger then you need to go to any In-and-Out Burger around Vegas, crazy cheap prices for good food.	
Sep 23 2009 	Ahhhh... Wonderful!	I recently enjoyed a wonderful and relaxing stay at the Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas. During my previous trip to Vegas, I stayed at the adjacent Mandalay Bay hotel and expected the two properties to be more-or-less the same. While I enjoyed the Mandalay, I LOVED the Four Seasons. Even before I arrived, I emailed the concierge to see if he could secure dinner reservations for us at the Foundation Room - an exclusive members-only club at the top of the Mandalay Bay. I'm not a member, so I wasn't optimistic. However, I soon received an email confirmation saying it had been arranged! From the moment you pull into the driveway, the staff is incredibly attentive. They escort you to the registration desk where you are immediately made to feel like royalty. The other reviewers have nailed it with terms like magical, oasis, luxury... even the simple act of retrieving your car from the valet yields a pleasant surprise - two bottles of chilled water were placed in the cup holders waiting for us! On our last day, I called down to the concierge to see if they would print our boarding passes. They made a point of logging into the airline site the minute I was eligible to login and they scored two slots early in the boarding order for us - that's a big deal if you are flying Southwest! Of course, the room we were assigned was impeccable and spacious. We were offered an upgrade with a view of the strip, but opted to keep our original room with a panoramic view of the desert and mountains.	
Sep 23 2009 	Peace and Quiet Next Door to Hustle and Bustle	Tucked away on floors 35-39 of the Mandalay Bay Hotel at the far south end of the strip, the Four Seasons Hotel offers a quiet lobby decorated with beautiful fresh flowers that feels a million miles away from the rest of Vegas. A security concern exists as no room key or ID check is required for elevator access to any floor. The Mandalay Bay Hotel is just an unlocked door away. Through the casino, one can walk across Mandalay Place into the Luxor.The small pool area is physically separated from the busy Mandalay by a large privacy wall. We dined at the Veranda restaurant, a nicely decorated space with both indoor And outdoor seating. I recommend the bento box with tomato soup, pesto pasta salad, Italian panini, and delicious crime brûlée for dessert. There was a constant flow of upper end weddings. Both nights such events closed the pool area early.Now to describe the room accommodations. We booked under the &quot;suite package&quot; which included buy one, get one night free and $50 off a 80 minute spa treatment. We upgraded our suite for an additional $300/night ending up with the &quot;sunrise sunset suite&quot; normally priced at $1,800 per night for $ 969 per tax for 2 nights. 73% off. Parking is an additional $20 per night. The suite was a huge 1,500 sq feet complete with 1 1/2 baths, pantry, dining, living room/ study, large walk-in closet, and marble bath room. The furnishings and artwork were traditional. Floor to ceiling windows on 3 sides provided panoramic views of the strip, airport, and pools. Bed linens were comfortable, but the bed lacked the required support and left me with a back ache upon waking each morning. Vanity items were never replaced during our 3 day stay and the towels were small and not luxurious. There was a small, but deep tub and no TV or sit down vanity in the bathroom. Robes and disposable slippers were provided. Turn down included bottled water but no chocolate or other treat. If you want a morning paper, you will have to find the request card on the turn-down tray and hang it on your door. Complementary shoe shine bag can also be found on the tray.The spa is small including a locker room, gym, steam room and treatment rooms. I did not use my spa credit because an 80 min treatment cost $230.Overall the stay was comfortable and quiet. We saw one actor and other people who were happy to keep to themselves, not the typical drunk and rowdy Vegas crowd. I do not think we would stay here again since we enjoy trying different hotels, but rather opt for a more modern 5 star hotel closer to the center if the action like the or the new Mandarian.	
Sep 20 2009	No noise no crowd's and no problem's.	I stayed two night's at this hotel located in the top part of Mandalay Bay Hotel on Las Vegas Blvd. It is at the very southern part of the &quot;strip&quot; and the first hotel you see when traveling from the airport, all gold and shimmering in the sun. The concierge was particularly accomodating. The soap's used at this hotel, by request, is Bvlgari and worth the phone call to Housekeeping Department to have delivered to your room. The view was splendid, and we had access to all of Mandalay Bay's puplic area's. The wave pool, casino, restaraunt's, etc.	
Sep 17 2009 	AMAZING...OUT OF THIS WORLD...	First of all I read many reviews of Las Vegas hotels and it came down to Wynn or Four Seasons and sooo happy we chose Four Seasons. It occupies the top 5 floors of Mandalay Bay. We have stayed at many 5 star hotels throughout the states and the Caribbean and this one is on the top of my list. Upon check-in we were upgraded to a 2600 sq ft suite for my husbands b-day. The check-in process was easy and fast, only 4 people in line ahead of us, unlike other Vegas hotels where check in wraps around 100 people deep. The lobby was beautiful. (Just a tip in the lobby every morning they have complimentary coffee and tea til 8am). Are bags were taken from us even before we walked into the lobby and was told they would be brought up to our room immediately. They arrived 5 min after we walked into our room! There was a compl. cake delivered for my husbands bday also. We did utilize the room service for a late night 2am snack and it was hot, delicous, and delivered as promised within 30 min of ordering. The pool was beautiful ate lunch there daily, and again outstanding. My favorite part of the pool was the frozen towels they would pass out, evian spritz, and frozen melon balls they would come around with. The pool was very nice, relaxing, and quiet. Loved the fact that you could use the Mandalay Bay wave pool and lazy river but they cannot come to our pool! The workout facility was top of the line with a Gatorade dispenser and lemon waterWe did use the concierge one time and they were incredible! The hotel does have a house car (09 Cadillac Escalade) where the driver will take you anywhere in a 3mi range. We used this feature once and did tip him well. Nothing like pulling up to a restaurant and getting out of the car and everyone looking to see who it is! Very cool! Just ask the door man if the car is available (it is 1st come 1st serve:) I really can't say enough great things about the hotel, it was just incredible! I read all the reviews on this hotel and some people complained and I was thinking they are just miserable people if they couldn't love everything about this hotel. The Casino (Mandalay Bay's) was easy to find and had lots of fun there too! We are already planning our return!!!	
Sep 17 2009 	Superlative in all aspects	We stayed three nights in late August and had chosen the hotel based on the TripAdvisor reviews. What we experienced exceeded our expectations. We received a free upgrade to a Deluxe room, the King size bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom with separate tub and shower was top notch. Had a wonderful time at the pool where we enjoyed complimentary strawberry smoothies and mango popsicles.The whole place is serene, immaculate and hotel staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome. They even left a small birthday cake for my wife which was a piece of art in itself along with a card and personal message.We couldn't believe we were able to receive this 5 star royal treatment for $ 149 per night. If we return to Vegas this will definitely be our first choice again and we can only highly recommend it to everyone!	
Sep 16 2009 	Raising the Bar As Always	A luxury oasis in this overglitzed city. Rooms are well equipped, remarkably clean with great views. Food is always excellent and the Sunday buffet brunch is in typical Four Seasons style.........a treat! From the time you enter, you know its simply the best.Pool staff is wonderfully attentive.Cant imagine staying anywhere else in Las Vegas.	
Sep 10 2009 	I will never stay anywhere else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What a treat !!!!!!!!!!!	My husband nor I knew nothing about the Four Seasons Hotels. We made a short stay in September 2009 and could not believe hotel stays could be this wonderful. I will seek out the Four Seasons Hotels from now on, no matter where we do. The food was the best, beds were unbelievable to sleep in and the service what what you would expect and more in a hotel such as this. Four Seasons Hotel in Las Vegas gets 6 star from us!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Claudine and Bryen Walker	
Sep 9 2009 	Very nice hotel BUT somehow expected more	We stayed at the FS over the Labor Day weekend for four nights on a great buy one night get one free &quot;Sweet Summer Suite&quot; deal. Previous reviews all give good descriptions of the entrance and lobby so I won't go into that area. We stayed in a strip view suite on the 39th floor. The view was absolutely amazing with almost the entire lower end of the strip spread out before you, from Mandalay Bay all the way to Treasure Island. The surrounding mountains and cityscape were also incredible. We also had a view of the airport which I find quite fascinating. The airplanes taking off and landing was not the least bit intrusive to us. The nightclub above our room was much more noticeable, especially at 1:30 in the am. While it didn't interfere overmuch, we still noticed it each night. Those who are light sleepers might wish to put a floor or two between themselves and this area. The furnishings in the room, as others have pointed out, could definitely use some updating. The two large plasma screen tv's were nice as were the addition of large potted ferns. However, the rest of the decor lacked the expected richness that goes with other FS properties. Our biggest letdown in the room was, by far, the bathroom. I would rate it as adequate rather than good. In this price range of hotel, I would expect a double vanity as well as a slightly larger shower. The deep soaking tub was the one standout in this area. The service was certainly above average but I can't, in all honesty, rate it as exceptional. While I can't give any one example of poor service, overall, it just seemed not exactly what I expected. Upon check-in, we were asked about our preference of newspaper but one was never delivered, valets seemed very harried when there were more than two vehicles present at the same time, taxis weren't moved through this area very smoothly. Just small, somewhat annoying little things. After check-in was completed, we were walked around the corner and simply told the elevators are &quot;that way&quot;. No effort was made to explain any of the hotel offerings (i.e. the pool, spa, restuarants etc). I must reiterate what others have pointed out about the cost of valet parking. Paying over $350 a night for a room, you would certainly expect this sort of thing to be included. Every other hotel in Vegas has figured this out. We used room service three times and each time it was delivered promptly, at the proper temperature and the presentation was very nicely done. Nothing was forgotten and they really seemed to anticipate everything that could possibly be needed. Very well done.While we certainly enjoyed our time at the Four Seasons Las Vegas, and we would recommend it, I can't say we would necessarily pay quite this much again to stay here. However, with the right deal, we would definitely consider it.	
Sep 9 2009 	What is the Four Seasons Las Vegas Worth? Every penny.	My partner and I decided to celebrate our anniversery in Las Vegas during a long Labor Day weekend. After reading the great reviews I decided to spend the extra buck and go with the FS. My experience could not have turned out any better. From the moment we walked in and were greeted with a &quot;Happy Anniversery&quot; I knew it would be a special stay. Our room was a strip view suite on the 38th floor. The lights and glitz of Vegas spread out in the distance - truly a great sight. The room was simple yet well decorated - it felt classy without resorting to dark colors and funky lighting. The bathroom was spacious and the powder room huge. The scent of the hotel from the lobby to the elevators to the rooms set the stage.Every facet of the FS service was top notch. At the pool we were shown to chairs and once again greeted with &quot;Happy Anniversery&quot; when I gave my name. The pool staff was very friendly and always made sure we were kept happy. One of the hotel managers came up to us and said champagne was on him for our anniversery if we so chose. Housekeeping was professional and attentive, with twice daily cleaing and turndown service. The sheets and towels were in perfect condition (a great tell of what class of hotel you are in). I can go on and on...Was it perfect? About as perfect as any hotel I've been in. I had friends staying at THEhotel in a suite and I could see the envy in their eyes. Any thing I would change? Well, only one: double ply toilet paper would be the only suggestion.From now on, when I travel to Vegas, I know where I'll be staying.	
Sep 9 2009 	Best of Both Worlds	Having never stayed at a Four Seasons hotel, I was not prepared for the incredible level of customer service I received during my stay. It was almost overwhelming to me, but in a good way. Staff members were always available to help you with whatever you needed. Every morning, someone in our group had another story about how the Four Season's staff had managed to surprise them again with their incredible customer service.I stayed at the Four Seasons for 4 nights and was there primarily for business. Its amazing to me how secluded and peaceful the hotel is, even in the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas. However, you can easily access Mandalay Bay if you want the casino action. I loved being able to escape to the quiet oasis of the Four Season's for work and sleep, but also having the option of nightlife, restaurants, and clubs a moment away at Mandalay Bay. Who needs the strip when you have it all in one place?I would also like to mention that I had a spa service at the Four Seasons during my stay (the Balinese Massage) and it was wonderful. The spa atmosphere was extremely relaxing and serene and my masseuse was also wonderful. I also appreciated the 20% off spa services coupon I received upon check-in. It encouraged me to utilize the spa and I would definitely recommend the spa services to anyone visiting the Four Seasons.Overall, I had a wonderful stay at the Four Seasons and hope to return again. I experienced a level of customer service that I have never experienced anywhere else.	
Sep 8 2009 	Not sure I would return	Although those items in control by the Four Seasons were excellent, I was surprised by the number of small children in the pool and the noise they and their parents could generate. When you are spending $300-$400 a night for a room, you would not expect this to be a problem.I complained to the pool staff and the lady said they have subtle ways of addressing the problem, but it was a constant problem all weekend.One Middle Eastern couple with two young boys, must have thought they owned the place. Those kids were terrors either in the pool or at the Veranda for meals.Otherwise everything was fine. Was checked into my room at 9:00am after an early flight from Nashville. The spa is spotless clean. The room was perfect. I did not really like seeing people with their dogs in the hallways. The Hampton Inn does not allow a dog, why does the Four Seasons?Maybe I am becoming old and grouchy at 56, but there used to be a time when luxury meant something more then what used to be the Holiday Inn pool.	
Sep 7 2009 	A Great Trip to Las Vegas	Finally...a place to stay in Las Vegas where you can relax in an entirely peaceful environment yet be just a door away from the typical hubbub and activities of a higher-end casino, and only a short drive from the main part of the Strip.My husband and I were at the Four Seasons 4 nights over Labor Day weekend. Arrived Thursday night and had a very relaxing light (late) dinner at Verandah with excellent food and service. Spent our days at the pool with excellent pool service (not sure what the staff to guest ratio was but it was high enough that we felt really well looked-after.) When we first arrived and chose our lounge chairs we received a full pitcher of ice water that was refilled throughout the day along with nice treats throughout the day (popsicle, bit of frozen banana, iced towel - scented with eucalyptus on one of the days, evian water spritz, frozen melon ball) which were really nice. The pool service was very attentive and genuinely friendly. The pool area is not huge as in some of the other Strip hotels but it was completely adequate for the number of guests. Some lounge chairs had all-day sun exposure whereas others had all-day shade and some had partial sun/partial shade depending on time of day (which can be a good thing in Las Vegas in the summer!) Rooms were very nice and very clean. Bed was very comfy (not too soft and not too firm!) Twice-daily housekeeping service was really nice. The FS has two restaurants: Verandah for breakfast, lunch, dinner (all excellent) and Charlie Palmer for dinner - really wonderful food and especially wonderful service.Logistically, the Four Seasons occupies the top 5 floors of the Mandalay Bay Hotel. Its ground level facilities (lobby, restaurants, pool, spa, exercise room, etc) are completely separate from the MB. The elevator takes you from the lobby straight to the 35th-39th floors. If you were to never take the small side door on the &quot;C&quot; level (for casino) into the MB you'd never know you were next door. Being separate from the MB allows the FS to remain completely without a bit of cigarette smoke in case that is important to you.If you DO go into the MB you will find that you can easily walk to the Luxor (without having to go outside into the outdoor weather) and thereby be almost to hotels such as Excalibur, MGM Grand and New York...so the rest of the Strip is not far. If you want to go much farther than MGM Grand/New York New York take a cab and make sure the driver takes the freeway 1 or 2 exits north (depending where you are going) rather than Las Vegas Blvd because the traffic can be a giant mess. Cab fare to the central strip area (Wynn, Mirage, Venetian) was about $15.00-$16.00 without tip.Speaking of tips: make sure you tip for good service! I always say &quot;feel good about your tips&quot; and that means if someone has done something to make your life easier or more pleasant...return the favor! I see waaay too many people forgetting to tip...especially if you are going to stay somewhere as nice as the Four Seasons...tip it up! The doorman, the person checking you in, the bag attendant delivering your bags, the pool attendant setting up your chaise lounge, the housekeeper...don't forget! (Especially you young ones...get in the habit!) (Sorry to be preachy...)So, in all, if you like Las Vegas for the fun options but would prefer a calm and quiet place to stay (especially if the noise of Las Vegas gets to you...) stay at the Four Seasons. You can have your fun and return to the &quot;oasis of serenity&quot; just by passing through the door. Have a great time! We did!	
Sep 7 2009 	Disappointed	The Four Seasons Las Vegas was supposed to be a nice treat for us during our recent trip to Las Vegas. We were disappointed. I have stayed in most of the hotels on the strip, and recently in both Mandalay Bay and THE Hotel. I would recommend staying in either of these hotels over the Four Seasons.The Four Seasons rooms are very much like any regular Mandalay Bay rooms. The lobby was nice, but way too far from the rest of the Mandalay. Valet parking was $18. How does every other hotel have free valet and Four Seasons requires you to pay for it, that makes no sense to me. I parked at Mandalay because I never saw a point to paying that fee.The alure of the Four Seasons is the service. However, I found their service to be lacking. The front desk nicely offered to walk us to the elevator which honestly turned into a elaborate sales pitch for the spa. He never even told us where anything else was. On the walk between the front desk he told me all I needed to know about the spa, but not how to get to the pool, fitness, or even the elevator. In fact, when he left us in front of the spa I had to ask him how to get to the elevators from there. He also asked which paper we would like, none was ever delivered.The true test of our trip came on Saturday night. My wife with 30 minutes left before meeting friends for a show panicked because the hair dryer in our room was not working. I thought, not a problem, a hotel known for service should have a new hair dryer here in less than 5 minutes. I called and told them the problem and I needed a hair dryer in a hurry. Saving you the long story 30 minutes, 4 phone calls, and 1 trip to the front desk later we left.....and just as we were walking out the new hair dryer finally shows up. Was this a big deal? Not really, but if you are going to run an upper end property this is a simple guest request, they failed!In summary, most reviews rave about the Four Seasons. It is nice, but I would recommend going eslewhere....we certainly will.	
Sep 6 2009 	Wonderful stay - highly recommended	Well, where to start? We had stayed one night in the Planet Hollywood and decided to move to the FS after one night. We had a brilliant time and decided to extent our stay at the FS by one night (making it a two-night stay). The room was wonderful - overlooking the swimming pools. Spacious bathroom and bedroom. The FS pool is excellent, quiet and much quieter than the main Mandalay pools (which FS guest can also access free of charge and where we saw The Wailers perform a live gig - on a stage in the pool area - on the Saturday night). Bar service in the FS pool area was great, staff friendly and responsive. Lounge chairs were always available and we never had a problem finding one. We had lunch and dinner in the FS Verandah restaurant - great food and service - highly recommended. The location is excellent - it is not the most centrally located hotel on the Strip but everything is within walking distance. If we ever go back to Vegas we will definitely stay in the FS.	
Sep 5 2009 	Wonderful experience would definitely return	The Four Seasons is an exceptional hotel, all that it's cracked up to be. We had a Four Seasons River - loved it! The walk in closet was huge, like my own private dressing room! The room is very large and cozy too with a great view of the strip with Luxor going all the way up to Paris. I think the one large room is nicer than a suite. We were there for our anniversary and loved the welcome chocolate cake and all the little extras - the pool staff are wonderful, make you feel pampered and special. The eucalyptus steam room is great too with all the amenities that go with it. I will definitely return, I can't imagine staying anywhere else!	
Sep 2 2009 	Nice hotel EXCELLENT service.	The Four Seasons is the 5 top floors of the Mandalay Bay. The entrance is private and you have keyed access from the Mandalay directly into the Four Seasons. The pool at the Four Seasons is private, however you have private access into the Mandalay pool area. The rooms were beautiful with large bathrooms. I never saw an unhappy guest here. They also have a tremendous amount of meeting space and a nice wedding and or reception setup.	
Aug 30 2009 	One of the best hotel experiences we've ever had	My wife and I wanted to go to Vegas for a quick weekend getaway for our anniversary. I read the reviews on tripadvisor and was having a tough time deciding between the Wynn and the Four Seasons. I chose the Four Seasons, and boy I am so glad I did!I have stayed at my fair share of luxury hotels - Ritz Carlton, Mandarin Oriental, other Four Seasons, and I can say, without exaggeration that our experience at the Four Seasons LV was the best we've ever had.The hotel itself is not austentasious like other Vegas properties. It's subdued, but very beautiful.When we checked in, we were upgraded to suite for our anniversary. There was a lovely chocolate anniversary cake waiting for us as well. The suite was great! Plasma television, very comfortable bed and large, beautiful bathroom (Bulgari toiletries were a nice touch).Since we were there for only one night, we caught an early morning flight from SFO. We were at the hotel by 10am but check-in wasn't until 3pm. No problem, the front desk gave us access to the beautiful spa where we changed. They then held our bags while we lounged at the pool. By noon, we got a call the room was ready and our bags were taken up. Now that's service!The concierge got our great dinner and show tickets, my wife got a great massage, and the maid wished us a happy anniversary when she showed up for turn-down service.The brunch is not one of those huge Vegas chow-down sessions. It's was smaller, but the quality more than made up for it.And even though we had to check out by 11am, the hotel again held our bags while we sat by the pool. We used the spa again to shower and change and we were off to the airport for our late afternoon flight.If you are thinking of going to Vegas and can't decide which luxury property to stay it - do yourself a favor and pick the Four Seasons.	
Aug 25 2009 	Four Seasons does it again.	by far the best place to stay in Las Vegas.Very quiet and seems to far away from the chaos of Vegas.. yet if you want it..its right next door.The concierge got us tickets for the Lion King show and they always do a fabulous job.I agree with the other reviewers about the Four seasons pool and the pool side service is great!The pool did clear out in a hurry when somebody's little 2-3 year old decided to pull his little swimmers down and pee in the pool!We tried the Mandalay bay pool after that.. but it was too crowded.. oh well!Here's a tip.. four seasons has a house car and can drop you to the middle of the strip.If its around , you could use it instead of waiting for a cab.	
Aug 25 2009 	Top notch	The Four Seasons Las Vegas is a beautiful hotel with extremely impressive service and very friendly staff. I have previously stayed at the Bellagio and as a hotel the Four Seasons far surpasses this in terms of luxury and comfort.Arrival and check-in was amazing, bags efficiently whisked off, two people to open the doors, and we were personally escorted by a very friendly doorman to the queueless check-in desks and introduced there by name. The receptionist (Cara) was exceptional and was genuinely warm and welcoming and we instantly felt like valued guests. We were lucky enough to be given a great upgrade to a beautiful suite, and recieved several genuine apologies that there would be a delay getting it ready for us (this delay was a grand total of 4 minutes 10 seconds!). Incredible! The standard of service at the hotel continued to be exemplary for the remainder of our stay. Concierge service was excellent and they always went the extra mile. The suite, needless to say, was beautiful and enormous. The bed was easily the most comfortable we have ever slept on, with amazing sheets and the softest pillows. Turn down was excellent every night, with water by the bed, slippers and robes laid out, and all the towels in the bathroom replaced. Housekeeping was always exemplary. All the furnisings in the room were clearly very high quality and the decoration was very tasteful. There were two huge HDTVs in our room, each with a DVD player. The pool area is lovely, and each guest is escorted to there chosen sunlounger which they make up for you with soft white towels. Ice-water was always promptly delivered. The two jacuzzis were lovely and always quiet. Excellent pool service as has previously been described. We went to the Mandalay Bay pool once, which was a busy fun place and great for kids and party-people. We were definitely glad to have the Four Seasons pool to come back to though!Location is probably the worst thing about staying at this hotel - however we really didn't think its as bad as some others have made out and definitely would not put us off staying here again. The walk to the midstrip was completely manageable and actually fun (though prob not with kids). We also used the posh hotel car once which provided an excellent free service. Taxi to the Bellagio cost about $12. All the lifts at the Four Seasons stop at the Mandalay Bay casino, which is lovely and one of our top 3 on the strip. It is very easy to find the door back to the Four Seasons, it is signposted everywhere, contrary to what other reviewers have posted. You will love the immediate calm hush once you pass through it to come back to your room.All in all a fantastic hotel with true 5* service. I would recommend it to anybody.	
Aug 24 2009 	Absolutely the Best!	Hands down, this is the best hotel in Vegas. There are so many reasons why:1. Hotel is elegant, quiet, beautiful and smells great (no smoking). After visiting the other hotels and you arrive back at the Four Seasons, you feel that you are walking into peaceful bliss. You really notice the difference of the air quality and ambience in this hotel after you visit the other hotels (b/c even the other high end hotels have huge crowds, lines and smoke).2. Perfect for everyone in your group or family b/c for those who don't like all the smoke and gaming (my husband), the hotel is perfect. For those who want gaming and all the Vegas stuff (me), you just walk through a door to the Mandalay Bay. Literally, it is that easy. It is kind of like you have a door separating two different worlds. Very nice.3. Service is top notch. The staff is amazing, they cater to your every need and so pleasant through it all. They treat you as an honored guest, greet you by name and truly make you feel at home. They must train their staff rigorously b/c everyone was so professional, polite and service oriented. It was refreshing to see that excellent service still exists in this day and age.4. Pool is awesome - great service, great temperature and respectful guests (we went swimming at Mandalay Bay as well and many of the guests were rude and loud - lots of posturing going on). My husband and sons swam at Mandalay Bay for only 20 minutes (even with the wave pool, lazy river, etc.). They said the water was too cold, too many people. They had so much more fun at the Four Seasons pool - go figure.5. Great room service and restaurant (Verandah) - the food is quite good here and very child friendly. The weekend breakfast buffet is good. Not the biggest selection compared to the Vegas buffets, but the quality is superb. Personally, I prefer a smaller selection with excellent food than a big selection with ok food. Again, great service.6. Kids are made to feel so welcome here. When we arrived at our room, my two sons were greeted in the entry foyer with a plate filled with a chocolate puzzle, M&amp;M's and gummy bears (for each of them). The plates had their names written in chocolate. In the bath, their names were spelled out with lettered sponges and they each received their own child-friendly shower kit. There were even child robes for each of them. They also provided very comfy slippers to wear in the room and my kids loved them (even if they were meant for the adults). My 7 year old son stated that this was the best hotel ever!7. Valet - friendly staff. Whenever they brought our car, there were two chilled water bottles in the car and they always asked if we needed directions.There really is no reason to stay at any other hotel in Vegas. You have the best of both worlds here b/c it is just a door away from Mandalay Bay. We will always stay at this hotel when we are in Vegas.	
Aug 23 2009 	Why stay anywhere else?	Just returned this afternoon from a 2 day quick away with my husband and couldn't wait to write a review. I LOVE this Four Seasons. We've stayed at all the other high end casino/hotels in LV, and FS is the absolute best. Serene with absolutely top notch service. We were upgraded to an incredible suite because our room &quot;wasn't ready&quot; when we arrived early...how terrific is that? Staff is incredibly well trained, helpful and solicitous without being in your face all the time. Both restaurants are terrific, and Charlie Palmer's is now my favorite steakhouse, ever. I can't imagine staying anywhere else for all our future quick aways to LV. Oh, and the spa is very very good.	
Aug 22 2009 	Simply the best	As in the Title this is the best Hotel in Vegas, they treat you as Guest / Person andnot a just another number. EXcellent Service alround, the Pool service is great.Well done four Seasons - we will be back	
Aug 21 2009 	Very Nice Indeed	Entering the Four Seasons is so different from entering any other hotel on the Strip. It is peaceful and calm and there are no slot machines.Check in was quick and friendly with no delays. The room was delightful, spacious and comfortable with a large bathroom (separate bath and shower) with L'Occitane toiletries.The floors the Four Seasons uses are obviously part of the Mandalay Bay tower, as the layout is immediately recognisable, but that's not a bad thing.The only con, if it is one, is that the elevators are quite a walk from reception. As the rooms are in Mandalay Bay really you need to go that distance in order to line up with that building. You also need to be aware that you are right at the bottom of the Strip, so if you want to see the Ballagio fountains or the Star Trek exhibition at the Hilton etc it's a very long walk.I didn't use any of the facilities, only having time to sleep and shower but overall this is a very nice and comfortable hotel and an oasis of calm amidst the mad glittering neon of Vegas.	
Aug 20 2009 	loved it.	Four Seasons Hotel in Las Vegas? That was my initial reaction as I had never seen the hotel. That is because it is an hotel within a hotel!The Four Seasons takes up the top floors of the Mandalay Bay hotel block. The only sign for the hotel is an entrance sign on Las Vegas Boulevard South near the Mandalay Bay Conference Center.The lobby is on the ground floor and unlike other strip hotels it does not have a casino nor a parking garage. There is easy access direct into the Mandalay Bay casino, and if you don't want to use the valet parking ($19/ night) you can park in Mandalay Bay.The Four Seasons is a great place to stay if you want to be in Vegas but avoid the full on Blitz of casino noise and bustle every time you leave your room to go anywhere. You can easily come and go without seeing a casino area. But there is easy access via a room key controlled door directly into the Mandalay bay casino.The pool at the hotel is great. The pool is on the ground floor and fenced off and although it gets busy it does not feel as packed as other pools in Vegas. Service at the pool is outstanding, they set up your beds, you can order food, they bring round jugs of ice water all the time, bring round small smoothies, popsicles and iced fruit. If you want it is a short walk to the Mandalay Wave pool and pools. The pool at the hotel tend to be mostly adults.The service overall is what makes the hotel so good. There is a lot of attention to detail everywhere. The room cleaning is meticulous and they take time to sort and tidy your toiletries even! In the excellent (and quiet) fitness room they check if you want a drink as you work out. Overall the four seasons make you feel like a guest, not just a number.As the hotel is at the end of the strip you also feel a bit out of the madness. But as there is a tram that runs every 5 minutes to Excalibur you can get to the strip fast. But is a long walk to places like Caesar’s palace, so cabs or a car is a good idea.The rooms are a good size and comfortable. We chose a strip view which I highly recommend as you get a stunning view both in the day and especially at night. As the hotel takes the top 4 floors all are great. We were on the top floor (39th) which was amazing.It is worth watching the four seasons site for promotions, we got 3 nights for the price of 2 which is a great deal. It is also best to try and stay in Vegas and the hotel in the week if you can, as it is clearly quieter and even the casino at Mandalay bay, restaurants are quieter - and less drunk and loud weekend partying crowds!	
Aug 20 2009 	4 1/2 stars great hotel!	This was my first visit to a Four Season's and I could not beat the deals they were offering. Buy 2 nights and get one free made the trip very affordable and I was not going to pass on the opportunity to stay in this beautifal hotel. The location is very nice - secluded, and away from the congestion of the mid-Strip. The walk to the other hotels was long at times and hot (in the 100s) but doable and good exercise.The hotel is very clean and very quiet, everyone was very friendly and willing to help as much as possible. The room is small but well-appointed with nce bathroom, robes, toiletries. We had an airport view which I loved - very relaxing watching the planes take off from McCarran Int'l.The pool was my favorite part - shaded, secluded and quiet - so nice! We got great chairs which they clean for you and lay a towel down. They come over often to ask if you need anything. The water was perfect temperature and the pool and hottubs were very clean. Also loved the workout facility and gym spa.We ate at the restaurants in Mandalay Bay - Red Square and China Grill. With the recession, the prices in most of the restaurants have been cut which now makes them a great deal - especially if eating early. Both restuarants were fantastic.The only problem with the hotel and the reason it is 4 1/2 stars instead of 5 is with the concierge. I emailed the concierge 2 times before arriving at the hotel and never received a response. When I was there, they were not the most helpful. I had one minor complaint about some room service and the concierge apologized and said she would take care of it, but nothing happened. With only that minor problem, the hotel was close to perfect and I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 19 2009 	Sorry but... mixed feelings..	Back to the FS Las Vegas another time. I was and I'm a frequent guest of this beatiful hotel where service , rooms , overall ambiance are really outstanding. But this time was different than the last time and I had a very difficult approach with the front desk and the first day of my stay was simply a nightmare. Did a check in around noon and the room was not ready. They simply promised me to call my mobile phone when the room was supposed to be ready but never received any call. Four hours later finally I've got the room ( deluxe room ) but it was different than the one booked trough their local reservation system ( strip wiew). Back to the front desk and moved to the right room but ... it was dirty especially the bathroom.. So called again the front desk , talked with a manager and receive a free breakfast for the next morning. That room was really noisy despite to my specific request by the time of my booking. So the next morning had a breakfast at the Verandah restaurant and unlike the promises of the front desk I had to pay for it.. Too many mistakes for me , when you plan to stay at the FS you deserve the best and this is was not my case- So talked with the Front Desk and ready to leave the same day even if I had a reservation for six nights.. Finally I was able to talk with a very nice manager and I did receive a wonderful upgrade in one of their beatiful suites overlooking the entire strip. It was a very nice present really appreciated. From this moment everything was perfect , the hotel is really nice and I loved the overall quiet , really unique in Vegas. Compared with the last time they are charging for wlan-wifi while the last time was free. I personally found the service at the pool not on level with my last stay and the prices for breakfast at the Verandah too expensive even for a FS ( thye charge 35 $ for the breakfast buffet )... So ready to leave and at the check out they did take care of my breakfast of the first day but they simply charged around 1000 $ more than due to my room account.. Another mistake really not understandable at any Four Seasons. I will return ? I don't know.. the new Mandarin Oriental scheduled to open by beginning of December this year or the Wynn are at the moment great alternatives to the Four Season and to try something different.	
Aug 19 2009 	Honeymoon 08	Apologies for the late review!Amazing hotel! We would not stay anywhere else in Vegas - it is just shut off and tranquil enough to enjoy the calm atmosphere, but linked to everything so you're right back in the hustle and bustle just by walking through the doors.Service by the pool was great, and as it was our honeymoon, little extras like the cake in our room etc, made all the difference.Very helpful concierge booked a trip out to Hoover Dam for us - just watch out in August, we didn't do the Canyon as it was SOOO hot!We would definitely go back.	
Aug 19 2009 	My favorite hotel in Las Vegas	I stayed here over the 4th of July holiday and was really blown away by this hotel. The hotel itself and rooms are nice, but what really sets this hotel apart is the service. From check-in to check-out, my friends and I were treated fabulously. We were celebrating my friend's birthday, so the hotel sent up a small cake to the room. The concierge made reservations for us to get our party of 15+ people into Tao free of charge. The pool service was the best I've ever experienced -- every 30 minutes or so they come around with little treats, like frozen melon balls, Evian spritz for your face, cleaning your sunglasses! This is definitely my new favorite hotel in Las Vegas.	
Aug 18 2009 	Ahhhh....	What a great feeling it was to leave the hustle and bustle of the Mandlly Resort and walk through the Four Seasons door. It was a different world (in the same building!). We upgraded to a suite (Our only complaint was that our family of 2 adults and 3 kids was over the 3 persons-per-standard room capacity. Come on now, does the fire marshal really think that 500 sq feet is too small for 5 people??) . We had 1,000 sq feet of luxury for a fair price. Instead of renting a costly cabana at the Mandalay pool (which was PACKED) we hung out at the Four Seasons pool and walked over to the other pools. This is a perfect place to stay if you want to be pampered without being surrounded by the Vegas crowds.	
Aug 16 2009 	Pampered at the Four Seasons and sheltered from crazy Vegas....	We stayed 6 nights at the Four Seasons in a 1 Bedroom Suite, August 5 - 11th. 2009.This hotel is tucked away just off the strip, a short drive from the airport. Check in was a breeze in the lovely quiet lobby, the complete opposite of any other Vegas hotel I have visited where there are guests lined up to check in.Our room was ready, 36214, a one bedroom suite with a view of the strip, Luxor and The Hotel at Mandalay bay. Everything was lovely, 2 bathrooms, living area, king size bed with beautiful bedding, 2 x 42&quot; flat screen televisions. Floor to ceiling windows and excellent housekeeping. Turndown was especially nice with bottled water left on the bed side tables, slippers, quiet music, fresh towels etc.The room service was delicious, hot, timely and served with a smile, our favourite part of the stay was our time at the lovely Four Seasons pool. The service is outstanding, chaise lounges with thick cushions and fresh terry cloth covers, pitchers of iced water with lemon, big fluffy towels and attentive service by the many pool attendants who came around constantly to make sure you were happy.Hourly there would be an amenity offered at the pool (ie) lemon smoothies, melon balls on skewers, popsicles, sunglass cleaning, Evian mist for your face, ice cold face cloths, cucumber slices for your eyes and so on. It was such a treat to relax by the pool with this level of service all around you. Everyone fit in here, couples, families with young children, teens, older guests, it's perfect for everyone.We used our card to go through the gate to Mandalay bay pools but soon returned to the refuge of the Four Seasons as mandalay bay pools are over crowded and crazy, no chairs available, no servers to get you a drink etc... we were happy to get back to our quiet sanctuary at the Four Seasons.The food by the pool was very good, nachos, salads, fruit platters, burgers, sundaes and a full breakfast menu in the morning. What a way to start your day with a vanilla latte and ricotta and citrus pancakes poolside.Breakfast &amp; Lunch at the Verandah restaurant were also very good. The concierge was able to get me 2nd row tickets to Phantom on the day of the performance! I can't say enough good things about our stay at the Four Seasons, and the level of attentive customer service, it was fabulous from start to finish. We'll be back.	
Aug 16 2009 	If you want quiet and relaxation this is the place to be..	OK, it's all been said in the previous reviews so I am not going to repeat it all here. Enough to say that we spent four nights here for our anniversary. We were upgraded for free to a strip view room which was much appreciated. Perfect hotel for getting away from the LV hustle and bustle. We used the valet parking during our stay and it was worth every dollar. All the staff we encountered were friendly and very helpful. However, I did not give the 4 seasons a five rating because of a couple of points. Why oh why do some hotels chains persist in charging for internet access? 15 dollars per 24 hours is outrageous and also charging for local telephone calls. Come on four seasons sort these items out. Also pool service seems to depend on where you are located. Excellent service if you are around the pool edge, along with all the screaming kids! When away from the immediate are of the pool service is very slack, seems you get forgotten about.We had to ask several times for the iced water. Having stayed previously at the Venetian, Bellagio and MGM Grand the four seasons is the best so far and would possibly use again, however I think we will try for something more central next time as we like to try different establishments..	
Aug 12 2009 	Great option in Las Vegas worth the money just for location and privacy	We've stayed many times at different Four Seasons resorts and agree with many reviewers that this one is not the as good when to compared to others around the world ( Maui and Dublin come to mind). That being said, it IS a beautiful hotel, located at the south end of the strip with a private entrance and pool. The hotel is relaxing, airy, and provides a refuge from the &quot;Vegas&quot; experience. However, we found the service to be impersonal and standoffish. Tried the Charlie Palmer restaurant for the second time and were equally disappointed by rude staff and mediocre food. Perhaps, it is because their prices have decreased. We'll definitely consider the 4S again, but if there are better values at the Wynn or even the MB; it'll be a tough choice. P.S. My spouse turned 30 during our trip and their &quot;gift&quot; was a cake and to offer us an upgrade for $100 dollars a night.	
Aug 11 2009 	Another Great Four Seasons Experience	A true oasis. Great service from the moment we checked in throughout the resort. Pool attendants were very attentive. Restaurants were nice. (We had a minor hiccup at CPalmers)The Car Service was great as well.This is one of our favorite destinations while in Las Vegas.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great stay at The Four Seasons Las Vegas	Just returned from a great trip visiting the West and had the pleasure of staying at The Four Seasons in Las Vegas. I can take Vegas for only a few days (too much noise, too many crowds). The beauty of The Four Seasons is that it's tucked away inside the Mandalay Bay and you escape all the noise, people and goings-on there. (The Mandalay Bay lobby was always crowded no matter what time we walked through.) As soon as you enter The Four Seasons, it's very quiet and tranquil. We stayed in a one-bedroom suite on the 35th floor. Loved it! We had an abundance of room for 3 people. (Really, the suite was huge!) We need to be able to spread out and had plenty of room to do so. Housekeeping provided great service and they were always leaving bottles of water. (I guess they don't want you to dehydrate in the Vegas sun!) There was also a candy dish on the coffee table that kept getting refilled, to my son's delight!Guests of The Four Seasons also have access to the Mandalay Bay's pool/wave pool/beach area, which my ten-year-old son was anxious to try. We walked over during our first afteroon and was shocked to see how crowded it was. (I thought people avoided Vegas in the heat of the summer!) There was nowhere to sit, so we thought about renting a cabana for the afternoon as there were plenty which sat empty. I'm sorry, but at $400, there was no way that was going to happen! Absolutely crazy! (It's the Mandalay Bay, for Pete's sake!) We thought about trying the lazy river before heading back, but you have to purchase an inner tube for almost $50!! We were happy to head back to the pool at The Four Seasons. They know how to treat their guests. The staff immediately came over to us with towels, set up our chairs and brought us a pitcher of ice water. Throughout the afternoon, they offered us complimentary Evian mists, popsicles, frozen melon, and chilled towels. No one provides service like The Four Seasons.We had dinner and breakfast at The Four Seasons' Verandah restaurant. We had dinner our first night and were exhausted, so we wanted to eat quickly and go to sleep. I ordered the short ribs which sounded so good. Unfortunately, when my meal arrived, it was cold. Not even lukewarm, but cold. On the plus side, the few bites I had were delicious, but I wasn't going to eat a cold meal. They, of course, offered to make a fresh plate for me, but I was just too tired to eat, so they removed it from the bill. We also had breakfast there which was alright, but nothing great. I recommend eating elsewhere as there are so many great restaurants in Vegas.We did ask the concierge for restaurant recommendations as we were meeting up with family near Caesar's and wanted to find a restaurant to suit everyone's tastes . The concierge recommended Spago in the Forum Shops at Caesar's. It was excellent! Everyone enjoyed their meals and I was very impressed with their food and service!When we return to Vegas, we will definitely stay at The Four Seasons again. Top notch!	
Aug 8 2009 	Exemplary Service	We are typically in value-priced (meaning under $100) hotels when in Las Vegas - primarily because we spend such little of our time in the room. But this time, we decided to check out the number one rated hotel in Las Vegas (according to tripadvisor and many other critics/reviews). We were not disappointed. From the moment we arrived until check-out, we were pampered and treated like VIP's. I have to commend the pool and valet managers for excellent staff and extraordinary service. In addition, guests at the Four Seasons have access to all of the amenities of the Mandalay Bay property, and that makes this the ideal get-away. The Four Seasons has a subdued elegance, not like the Bellagio that just screams opulence. It is quiet and private and maintains a sense of civility amidst the chaos of the Strip. From the private entrance to the seldom crowded elevators to the non-smoking, non-gambling atmosphere - this is not the Vegas that we had come to know in years past. Nonetheless, pushing the &quot;C&quot; button in the elevators takes you to the lobby of the Mandalay Bay where the action (if you're looking for it) is waiting for you. Even the maintenance staff (e.g., the guys in overalls fixing ceiling panels) were courteous, friendly and ever-ready with a smile and a &quot;hello, how are you today.&quot; That is over-the-top service, and it sets this hotel apart from not only those in Las Vegas, but 5-star hotels from around the world. If I could, I would give it 6 stars.We will definitely be back.	
Aug 6 2009 	bargain at the 4 Seasons	Very well done hotel.Amazing pricesgreat servicehousekeeping is awesomeconcierge staff is also well doneThis an amazing find. Upgrades are for the asking. Las Vegas is a getaway.....more than affordable! I have never found a Four Seasons so amazingly priced.The hotel is well done.	
Aug 2 2009 	Superlative (with one small niggle)	The staff at this hotel are great. The rooms are a good size and more than adequately provided. The food at the Verandah restaurant was the best we had on our trip and the weekend buffet breakfast is simply to-die-for. The concierge had excelled in organising super tickets for a show in Vegas. Nothing seems too much trouble for the staff and they do go out of their way to help.The only small niggle was the laundry bill... Now I'm no stranger to hotel laundry bills as we rarely travel with enough clothes and need to get them laundered. However $300 seems hefty even by my standards but there was no choice. I was almost on the point of asking a member of staff whether they wanted $100 in the pocket to take it home and do it for me. Am I too tight? Possibly.As to the reviewer who found the &quot;secret door&quot; to MB a bit hard to locate; this is a bit disingenuous as there is a clear sign next to this door and it is in an obvious place close to the lobby of the MB.It is down the far end of the strip and this does mean quite a bit of trekking about, but Hey, what else have you got to do?	
Jul 29 2009 	Glad we tried it	We just returned from 3 nights at the Four Seasons LV. We originally booked for $380 per night with the 3rd night free. Two days before I checked the rates and found $260 (?) per night with the 3rd night free as well. Being it was past the time needed to cancel and rebook, I decided to wait and ask for the new rate at check in. They had no problem with adjusting to the new rate. The room was a fairly typical hotel room, though the marble bath/entry, towel/sheet quality, cleanliness were superb. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud. Little touches included a wonderful turndown service with bottled water, slippers, comp. shoe shine service and an expansive mini bar with room to put in your own items were appreciated. The bellman even removes the airline luggage tags prior to bringing to your room, which I can't recall ever having been done for us before (a small thing, but noticed just as well).The pool service was phenomenal (with one exception, we spent 3 full days by the pool)! When you arrive to the pool area, you are greeted near the front by a pool attendant. The attendant escorts you to your chairs, lays down a chair cover (huge towel), gives you another towel and places a pitcher of ice water next to you on your table. They continually come around to make sure your water is iced and full. We only had to wait one day (saturday @ noon). They put you on a wait list and take down your cell number. We went to the pool bar, ordered drinks and lunch and within about 10 minutes our chairs were ready. The bartender then brought our drinks over to our chairs so he could see where to send our lunch. We ate lunch on our lounge chairs everyday. Attendants periodically come around with various items....Evian spritz, cold cucumbers for your eyes, cold towels, frozen melon balls, popsicles, etc. We had excellent service from everyone, except one female food server, who shall remain nameless (a complaint was made, so hopefully she will straighten up, or maybe was just having a really bad day). The house car service was great. We used it several times, including to return to the airport. The longest we had to wait was 10 minutes.The pros (as listed above) will bring us back, though only if we are going to pretty much relax around the pool, go to the spa or generally just be spoiled. There are not many restaurants (only 2 at FS, though Charlie Palmer was excellent) or lounges which match our taste. The scene around Mandalay Bay is just too hectic and does not provide enough options as far as fine dining, shopping, shows etc. We prefer the more upscale feel around the Wynn and Palazzo, though customer service is, by far, not as spectacular as at the FS.By the way, don't waste your money at Minus 5 (ice bar)....$25 pp to get in includes one small drink. It is neat for about a minute, but you're ready to leave after that (I was really excited to go too).	
Jul 27 2009 	OMG it is Amazing	Read my reviews and you will see that I am critical of many hotels. This hotel, however, is absolutely amazing by any standard. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and never have I stayed in one that got everything perfect...until this one. The staff, the rooms, the amentities, the everything is just the best. Congratulations to who must be the best hotel managers who ever walked. You have done an incredible job making this the best hotel possible!	
Jul 27 2009 	Good with some caveats	Positives have been mentioned already here over and over. Yeah its nice to have your own pool at MB. Yeah they spray water on your face and give you nice things at the pool. Yeah the rooms are nice, but not the nicest I've been in. Yes they do little things that are very cute and they do have awesome housekeeping and turndown service. Yes the spa is very nice and you can shower there after you check out before hitting the airport. Yes you have your own elevator and it takes you quickly to your room. Yes you do feel grateful you aren't fighting with the MB masses to get on and off the steamy hot MB elevators, and that your hotel is quiet.Here are the negatives which aren't horrible, which is why I recommended the hotel, but still are negative:Price: For a room that is quite similar to MB, you pay quite a bit more and you have to find the secret door to get the shortcut back from MB. Tude: Both the workers and the clientele are a little more snooty than average but maybe this is the new global Vegas trend? read below.Location: Hidden away in Mandalay Bay, which aside from the close location of the airport, is at the far south end of the strip. The hotel is isolated and it is sort of like a maze to find your way back to the hotel from MB.Car Service: The &quot;complimentary&quot; car service was never available when I asked for it. Well once it was billed as available, but turned out to be not, see below. Apparently, this service will drop you off whereever you want within a certain radius. However, they won't come and pick you up. Also, if the car is out, you have to wait for it to return. And it only has certain hours. One morning, I asked the valet attendant for the free car service, and I was guided to a nice sedan, when I arrived at my destination I was told $25 please. Umm why? Because this isn't the car service, this is ****** limo service. Oh really? You didn't hear the valet? Where did you come up with that number? Maybe you should tell me that up front when I got in the vehicle? Maybe I should have just taken the cab? WTF? Don't mind paying a few bucks, but not when it's supposed to be free! Clearly the driver knew it was a bait and switch based on what happened when I tried to just give him a gratuity at the end of the 5 minute ride: &quot;Oh yeah this isn't the free car service, you must think that it is right? Oh no this is **** limo service? hmmm right.After this, I called the front desk to complain about the valet and the driver, but nothing more than a cursory &quot;sorry&quot; was mentioned. Ok whatever.As an aside, and this is a general Las Vegas observation:I can't remember being borderline scammed so many times by taxis making long trips to pad the fare. By the time you realize that they are taking an especially indirect route, it's too late, and they have an excuse ready to go. Must be the economy. I also don't remember so many dealers and waitstaff being so cranky! Weird for a city that so depends on the tourists. I know there has always been a love/hate relationship between the locals and tourists, but I really felt it more this trip.All in all, I would recommend this hotel for the rooms, the housekeeping, prompt attention to maintenance (toilet lever broke, maintenance guy came within 5 minutes and fixed it), the pools, the access to MB. Verify the car service is free first or just take a cab and be done with it.	
Jul 25 2009 	Stuck with the impeccable Four Seasons!	Second trip to Vegas and second stay in the Four Seasons. No doubt where we will stay on our third trip. Just a complete haven of tranquillity and civilisation among the madness. From the a la carte breakfast (no scrabbling round buffets here) to the excellent concierge service this hotel is simply impeccable.	
Jul 21 2009 	Serenity 	I recently spent 3 nights at the FS, Las Vegas.Overall, I was very satisfied. The reason why I picked the FS for my trip was the serenity that I was looking in Vegas, and I got that. The FS is located on the top floors of the Mandalay Bay, but thanks to separate entrance, pool, valet etc, it feels like a completely different, non-hectic hotel. PROs:- Complimentary upgrade from 1 king size room to 1 king size handicapped accessible suite. I arrived early and there were only 2 rooms available at the time, a 2 queen size beds room (I felt the beds were too small, and only wanted 1 bed anyway), and the suite, which was of good size and had a great bed- Again, the bed - felt extremely comfortable. The girl I went home with loved it, too.- General service level; close to perfection as usually in Four Seasons properties. Special praise to valet guys, housekeeping and the guy who carried the bags to my room- Meeting the Detroit Pistons summer league players in the elevator. DeJuan Summers comes across as a really great guy.- Lunch at the FS restaurant. Tasted good, plus good service.CONs:- Only one really, but that almost led me to giving this hotel only 4 stars: At the pool, none of the employees bothered to provide me with towels or water. Everyone else was served, I was ignored for 2 hours. Completely ridiculous and not typical for the rest of the employees (outside of the pool area).	
Jul 19 2009 	Spectacular	Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful! Everything about it!	
Jul 18 2009 	Wonderful Experience	This was our first stay at a Four Seasons Hotel and it won't be our last. We were celebrating our 31st anniversary and we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite. It was well appointed and extremely comfortable. While we were out to dinner, a cake was delivered to our room. A very nice touch indeed. What really separates the Four Seasons from the rest of the hotels is the service. From the time we checked in to the time we checked out, everyone was extremely accommodating. We spent our days by the pool and every 30 minutes someone came by checking to see if we needed anything. I have worked in the hotel business, and I can honestly say that the Four Seasons have set the bar high in the hospitality industry. The general manager of this property should be extremely proud of his staff. The did an outstanding job. We enjoyed ourselves so much we are returning to the Four Seasons for my husband's birthday in September. We travel to Las Vegas several times a year and now would not consider staying anywhere else.	
Jul 17 2009 	Fantastic	While it was only a four day stay, the hotel was everything a Four Seasons should be. The room was perfect, the pool, lobby, spa and health facilities were great, and the icing on the cake were the great people who always seem to be working at the Four Seasons properties. Also, this is only one of two non-smoking hotels in Vegas (the Wynn in the other). And while the hotel was pretty full, it never felt that way. We were there on a fight weekend at the Mandalay Bay, and it was a zoo, so it was really nice o be able to get out of that crowded atmosphere and into the elegance of the Four Seasons.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel but Pool Service has declined	One of our favorite hotels. Valet, front desk, spa, gym and maid service is excellent! Friendly, professional and helpful service at all times. Pool however has declined. Staff has been reduced, service is not as good, and there is a bit of an attitude. Still nice, but not at the same level of service as the rest of the hotel.	
Jul 13 2009	Superior Stay	Celebrated my birthday and treated myself to a 3 day stay with my daughter. Upon arrival, a nice birthday cake was delivered to the room big enough for 3 people to share. We aren't big on gambling and prefer to spend our days poolside and at the spa. I loved the fact that you don't have to get up at 7am to rush down and reserve your spot at the pool. We could take our time, have breakfast and be down around 11 am and two chairs in partial sun would be set up for us. The only complaint about the pool was on the first day, we had to ask several times for the pitcher of water while everyone else who arrived received theirs immediately. That pitcher of water is replenished constantly and is what keeps you from feeling wiped out after a day in the sun. A waitress knew it was my birthday and brought me complimentary frozen red seedless grapes. Excellent on a hot day! She continued to wish me happy birthday throughout the day and into the next as well. The room was quite nice, great view, nice amenities,and very very comfortable beds and bedding. Used the concierge for booking dinner reservations and they were quite helpful with all my inquiries. Pleasant staff, a pleasant stay, what more could I ask for?	
Jul 11 2009 	Wonderful resort	My wife and I stayed at the Four Seasons for 4 nights the first week of July 2009. It was a great experience! We love the fact that the hotel is smoke free and doesn't have a casino.The lobby is quiet and serene and the staff is outstanding. We had an issue with our bill at the spa, but the manager, Dora, cleared it up immediately. The pool was great. All the little touches like ice water, evian spritzes, frozen treats, etc. The service was great 90+% of the time. Our only small negative point was our first day at the pool. One of the nice things about high level hotels is that the staff tries to use your name when addresssing guests. Our waitress, Zlata, did not ask our name during the whole 4 hours we sat at the pool. Her service was spotty also. I had to flag her down a couple of times instead of her asking what we needed. We spent another 2 days at the pool and had fabulous service from Chris and others. Try the chicken flat bread sandwich at the Verandah. One of the best sandwiches we have ever had. We were also very impressed with the concierge. They had lists of restaurants and clubs with descriptions that were very helpful. We certainly spent more than other hotels in Vegas, but it was worth it.	
Jul 11 2009 	A Wonderful Experience One to remember !	We stayed at the Four Seasons to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. Facilities are expected to be excellent when mentioned in the same sentence with &quot;Four Seasons&quot; but the personal attention and anticipation of your wants and desires really separates the hotel from any other. Especially for your special occasions in life.With their knowledge of our 25th anniversary, Kimberly and Martha upgraded our room to a suite on the 39th floor with a perfect view of the &quot;strip&quot;!The suite has everything that you want/need...1 bath and another 1/2 bath, marble shower, fully stocked mini refrig (price list), 3 closets, sofa &amp; 42 inch plazma TV area, business desk area, king bed &amp; another 42 inch plazma TV.Upon arrival, Oscar met us at our room with chocolate covered straberries and a very pleasant welcome.The hotel offered us use of their car service which we used a couple of times. Again, very polite attention during the ride.Pool Area - You arrive and give them your name. Each visit to offer you a service begins with a personal greeting and an inquiry into whether you would prefer whatever their offering as they make their way around the pool. Let me see if I can describe this. It's very hot in LV in July and being by a pool is nice. At the Four Seasons you are offered - first they walk with you to your desired lounge area with soft covers for the padded lounge chairs, along with all of the towels that you want, along with a picture of lemon ice water, followed throught the day with - cold cucumbers for your eyes, an Evian spritz for your face, a cold towel, frozen mellon balls, and Haggen Daz popcicles.The best to me is the the staff's attitiude. It's their desire to make your day a little better. It's always works!We saw some dogs on leashes during our stay ( we have a dog - but not with us ) This was somewhat amusing to see !I will return to the Four Seasons for our next special occasion!	
Jul 10 2009 	The most relaxing Vegas trip I've ever had...	**Note: since this is Four Seasons, I expected the BEST in everything**The good(s):1. Outstanding hospitality; there was only ONE service staff who did not greet us. Every staff would make eye contact and greet you with &quot;good morning&quot; or &quot;good evening&quot;.2. My boyfriend had placed &quot;birthday celebrant&quot; as a special note on the reservation and when we checked in the hotel, there was a personal chocolate mouse cake (every night for the two nights we stayed).3. Connection to Mandalay pool and hotel.4. Swimming pool: perfection at it's best.5. Room: we were on the 37th floor with great views of Mandalay's pools. Note that the Four Seasons rooms are located on the top floors of the Mandalay Bay hotel (i think from 35 - 40 before the penthouse).The bad(s):1. Service: Our room was not ready when we checked in at 2:00 (it was okay since checked in was @ 3, but we did note on our reservation that we would be arriving at 2). Because this is Four Seasons, I expected something more than an apology; the front desk should have offered water or some beverage. We ended up walking over to Mandalay for food since we were starving.2. Room: The only defect I could find in the room was the shower head and soapdish that was loose from the wall (see pics). And, the tv drawer where there was chip (didn't take a pic).3. Transportation: NO shuttle service to/from airport.4. Business Center: closed on the weekends.5. If this is a pet-friendly hotel, it should be CLEARLY noted on their website. I heard barking and saw two small dogs with their owners going to their room.	
Jul 7 2009 	Another great stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas!	Just returned from our long weekend to the FS Las Vegas. Such a great place to stay. Four Seasons is known for their great service, which they always seem to deliver. The serenity of the hotel is so nice from the crowds of the casinos. The service at the Verandah restaurant is great, as is the food. Service by the pool is outstanding also. There is always someone to give you cold water or a fresh towel and drink. We will always stay here when we go to Vegas.	
Jul 6 2009 	Serene	We stayed from June 28 until July 2nd. We were upgraded upon check-in without asking because I had placed a prior request with the hotel for a room near the elevator as I was recovering from a broken foot. We arrived at 11:30 am on Sunday and our room was not ready, our room was ready by 3:00pm and our luggage delivered to our room. The room we were upgraded to was a Premier Strip View room, number 38 107 , what a fantastic view at night! The room seemed smaller than the rooms at the Wynn, however, they really know how to utilize space. Scale in the bathroom, stocked minibar/refrig., choice of newspapers for morning, and great Plasma TV and yes, I watched it! The bed was soft, to me incredibly comfortable.The hotel itself was quiet, tranquil and refined. They had lots of little places to just sit, by the pool or in the lobby (that weren't in front of a slot machine or gaming table... big plus here). If you want something extra without having to pay for every little thing this is the place to stay. For example, they delivered bottled water with turndown service, free coffee in the morning in the lobby and an in-room coffeemaker, the use of the spa steam rooms and fitness center are also included in your room rate. The pool service is amazing, they set up your chairs, bring pitchers of water, magazines to read, etc. The pool itself is really nothing fancy, however, the water temperature was perfect, and you can use the expansive Mandalay Bay Pool/Beach Complex just for showing your key.Room service was fast we ordered 2 bottles of champagne late at night and let them sit overnight drank them in the morning. We did not try the restaurants at FS.We were offered the car service (we did not ask for it ) and used this twice, perhaps because no cabs were around. We tipped $10 for 1 ride and $20 for the other. It made us feel special that they offered us the car. We went to Vegas with two other couples that were not staying there and it made for a lot of cab rides, tram rides, long walks so being offered the car was nice. I would stay here again only if it was just my husband and I alone and also if we were going during pool season. We really enjoyed the pool!PSIt is non-gaming, and I do not care for the Mandalay Bay Casino, so keep that in mind. It is a long way to anywhere, if you don't like the MB, NYNY, etc.	
Jul 6 2009 	Tranquility in busy Vegas strip	**Note: since this is Four Seasons, I expected the BEST in everything**The good(s):1. Outstanding hospitality; there was only ONE service staff who did not greet us. Every staff would make eye contact and greet you with &quot;good morning&quot; or &quot;good evening&quot;. 2. My boyfriend had placed &quot;birthday celebrant&quot; as a special note on the reservation and when we checked in the hotel, there was a personal chocolate mouse cake (every night for the two nights we stayed). 3. Connection to Mandalay pool and hotel.4. Swimming pool: perfection at it's best.5. Room: we were on the 37th floor with great views of Mandalay's pools. Note that the Four Seasons rooms are located on the top floors of the Mandalay Bay hotel (i think from 35 - 40 before the penthouse).The bad(s): 1. Service: Our room was not ready when we checked in at 2:00 (it was okay since checked in was @ 3, but we did note on our reservation that we would be arriving at 2). Because this is Four Seasons, I expected something more than an apology; the front desk should have offered water or some beverage. We ended up walking over to Mandalay for food since we were starving. 2. Room: The only defect I could find in the room was the shower head and soap that was loose from the wall (see pics). And, the tv drawer where there was chip (didn't take a pic). 3. Transportation: Shuttle service to/from airport. 4. Business Center: closed on the weekends.5. If this is a pet-friendly hotel, it should be CLEARLY noted on their website. I heard barking and saw two small dogs with their owners going to their room.	
Jul 6 2009 	Four Seasons does not disappoint	We stayed at the Four Seasons over the 4th of July. Just a beautiful property. Absolutely top of the line services. Food was creative, innovative and excellent. Truly hard to top a hotel experience like the Four Seasons. You simply cannot go wrong.	
Jul 6 2009 	Brilliant ...	Wife, myself and young daughter spent three days/nights here - An oasis. If you can - stay here, you won't regret it.	
Jun 29 2009 	Beautiful.	We stayed at the Four Seasons for our honeymoon for a week. When we arrived from the airport, the doormen are there to open the car door, a bellboy takes the cases and we are ushered to reception. Check in was smooth, no problems. Our room was spacious, clean and beautifully furnished. On arrival to the room, there was a knock on the door and a waitor had brought up a platter of fresh fruit with a bottle of spring water, two glasses and two plates with silver cutlery. There was a hand written letter from the manager welcoming us to the hotel. The pool area is beautiful and there were always plenty of sunbeds no matter what time of day we arrived. The staff ensured every guest was comfortable. Regular ice pops, fruit, cucumber slices and drink samples were brought round for each guest along with evian spray for face. Iced water was regularly topped up. Fresh towels were placed at each step out of the pool for guests to take.The lobby and corridors are immaculate, lots of polished marble floors, beautiful ornaments and furniture.The Spa is beautiful, my husband went overy day to use the eucalyptus steam room, showers and shaving facilities. Lockers are provided with shorts, shoes, robes and shaving equipment. Iced handtowels and water/juice are provided complimentary.The use of the facilities at Mandalay Bay is superb, the pools and lazy river are fun and the whole atmosphere is that of a tropical beach party. Brilliant for younger guests and families. It was lovely to get back to the peace and tranquility of the Four Seasons if thats what you wanted. The Mandalay Bay hotel is great, with a plush lobby and casino and a lovely coconutty/suntan cream smell. Try the shark reef aquarium. the underwater shipwreck is amazing. Found the restaurants at Mandalay Bay quite pricey but then thats only to be expected in Las Vegas. The casino is fab, the dealers and staff are really friendly and remembered us each time we visited. The monorail from Mandalay to Excalibur is convenient and runs approx every 5 mins. It also stops at the Luxor hotel. We were lucky to get upgraded to a strip view room because on a particular windy day, the wind was whistling under our door and they were unable to fix it immediately. The strip view was amazing, especially at dusk when all the lights come on. Totally fascinating and we couldnt take our eyes off the view. The rooms were really beautiful, towels changed twice daily, linen is lovely crisp cotton. They even turn the clock to face you on the bedside table at night so you can see the time in the morning!!! We got lovely little cakes left in our room on our last night. They replenish the L'occitane bath products whenever anything is used just once. Bathrobes and slippers supplied. Lovely power shower and deep bath. Hairdyer, iron and ironing board supplied. Minibar in fridge along with snacks very pricey. Coffee maker and tea making facilities supplied, a kettle is available also when requested.This hotel along with the location made our honeymoon the best holiday and experience we have ever had and we have stayed in mainly 4/5 star hotels whenever we go on holiday. If you like tranquility and very good service then try this hotel, you will not be disappointed.	
Jun 28 2009 	Outstanding	Exceptional service. Wonderful amenities. Loved the secluded pool. Fresh watermelon slices a special treat. Access to Mandalay beach and wave pool for the kids.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good but could have been better	The Four Seasons Las Vegas is a haven for those that want to get away for a few hours from the overkill of casino's, noise, heat and people.Tucked away on the side of the Mandelay Bay hotel it is capable to give you the look and feel of relaxed quality.The service is good to excellent at reception, the swimming pool and breakfast.The rooms are spacious, well furnished and have all that one needs. A remark though is that, where one gets free WIFI connections all over the States in RV parks, hotels, café's etc, this hotel charges $14.99 for a one day connection. In a world where communication is the standard and no longer an option and in a expensive hotel such as this one the WIFI should be free.One other remark is that the noise from 35 floors down comes into the room. Unfortunately only double glasing was used and this could have been better.The swimming pool is too small for the amount of people using it. Four Season quality involves enough space in and around the swimming pool with soft music making the stay at the pool more enjoyable. In our case there were hardly any free spaces and the pop/rock music may blend in well with Las Vegas but, to me, was too loud and not at all relaxing.Other than that this is a great hotel and again, compared to the rest of Vegas, a heaven on earth.	
Jun 23 2009 	Didn't want to leave....	All I can say is wow. Finally an oasis of serenity, service and elegance on the chaos and ugliness of the Las Vegas strip. I didn't think something like this existed in Vegas but now I know better. If that's what you are looking for all by all means, check in and don't leave. The hotel will cater to your every need and comfort. And if you need a little action one night, go over to Mandalay Bay, take a look at those souls not lucky enough to be staying at the Four Seasons, and hustle on back. There's plenty of expensive hotels in Vegas but they're just poseurs whose idea of service is allowing you the priviledge of overpaying to stay in tacky properties on steroids. They'd love to be what the Four Seasons already is, but they haven't any idea how to do it because they're all in the Entertainment business. The Four Seasons is in the hospitality business and the difference shows.Three cheers. We loved it and look forward to going back soon.	
Jun 19 2009 	Superb - No other hotel has come close!	I had read all the reviews about this resort being an oasis, and I thought it was probably marketing spin. I can tell you that it was not. This place was unbelievable on many levels. It was almost freaky that we would walk in from the strip or from the Mandalay Bay entrance, and the peace, serenity and quiet just induces a big sigh of relief. With the hectic, crazy pace everywhere else in Las Vegas, it was so wonderful to have this haven to decompress in. The service was unlike anywhere we've ever been. It was like having your own private staff and butler service. They were just unbelievably thoughtful, helpful, personal and imaginitive coming up with ways to make your life easier and better! I was using a scooter, and had some health needs, and they were so on top of it! They consistently went out of there way for me with such sincere concern. They always seemed so happy to help - lf that was just a business strategy we couldn't tell, because each person seemed so sincere and supportive. The room was elegant, with plenty of room. Amenities were plush and comfortable. The bed was a bit soft for me, but they put in a bed board and it was perfect. The pool was pleasant and the level of service out there was just amazing. Anything you need or want can be gotten for you. If you want to move your chair to get in or out of the sun they'll move everything for you and set you up with fresh towels. They give you a pitcher of water with oranges or lemons, and keep the ice fresh so it's cold. They come around with frozen fruit, popsicles, an evian spritz for your face, juice samples, cucumbers and they wash your glasses. It's some first class pampering.Housekeeping was utterly amazing. I can't even list all the touches and things they did to make the room special, orderly and neat. The one challenge with staying at this resort is the location on the strip. Regardless, we would definitely choose the Four Seasons, and just use taxis. Of course it's a non-smoking place, and that was wonderful for us. We did enjoy being able to go into Mandalay Bay to gamble and eat. The pool at Mandalay was too crowded and hectic for us. We prefered the peace at the Four Seasons.	
Jun 12 2009 	Better than the 1st visit to Vegas	2nd visit to Las vegas the 1st was nearly 3 years ago. First time in Bellagio this time in the four seasons at Mandalay Bay. The Hotel was fantastic with its own private pool area away from the big groups at Mandalay Bay although you can use both pools. If you have kids Mandalay bay is better as it has a massive pool with wave machine if you are a couple and want peace and quiet the Four seasons every time.The hotel is situated right at the South end of the strip which has it's advantages in that you are out of the way so no really big crowds but makes going up and down the strip a bit longer walk. If you are 20's - 40's you are fine if you are over 60 stay in the middle of the strip to save the legs :-).I would recommend the hotel to anyone, when we go back this would be very high on my list of were to stay but we might try the new Palazzo or Encore as they both looked great hotels when we went and looked at them.	
Jun 11 2009 	A Perfect Wedding	We spent a week at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas for my daughter's wedding late last summer. It was spectacular and magical. The wedding itself was outdoors (behind the waterfall near the pool ) on a relatively cool and windy night. The banquet (Kosher) was superb as were the suites and rooms. We spent a considerable amount of time at the relatively small and mostly private pool. The restaurants and food were wonderful. Each night we went to a different show up the strip (since the Four Seasons is at the extreme end of the strip in its own lobby and top floors of the Mandalay Bay Hotel). I don't gamble, but the Mandalay Bay casino is next door through a doorway. Expensive, but well worth it. I've stayed at the Bellagio and the Wynn and this was the best.	
Jun 6 2009 	The best of both worlds	The perfect base for experiencing the amazing Las vegas. We spent three nights in a strip view room (highly recommended you can't stop looking out of the window!) The room was fabulous and well stocked with everything you need and more. Friendly and helpful staff and beautiful pool and surroundings. You really are in the centre of all the excitement here and only a few steps away from the action of the casino hotels. However at the end of a long night it is just bliss to walk into the calm of the private elevator room and be whisked up to the luxury and comfort of this fabulous hotel. We don't really have the chance to stay in luxury hotels very often, but I would highly recommend spending a little more and staying here, it really is the perfect antidote to the sometimes overwhelming hustle and bustle of Vegas.	
Jun 2 2009 	I miss it already! They spoiled me!	This was a wonderful hotel. Expensive but wonderful (and no high-roller rooms to get comped because there is no casino!)My fiance and I went to Las Vegas to celebrate my 50th birthday. We live in New York City and wanted to relax by a pool and do nothing but we wanted a night life, too. We were staying for 8 nights, and I wanted to be treated like a queen for my birthday. So when they found out it was my birthday, they were going to send a cake to our room. But I explained to them that I'm diabetic and they offered me a sugar-free cake, but I asked for fruit instead. Well, they sent fruit up to our room every day for our whole stay! And then, on our first day and on my actual birthday, they sent a fruit and cheese platter!Everyone who works at the Four Seasons addresses you by your name and everyone is extremely helpful and friendly - from the Front Desk staff to the maids. Speaking of the maids, they do a phenomenal job. They thoroughly clean and change the towels, etc., twice a day (more if you request it for some reason). They pay attention to what you need and you don't have to ask. For example, I use a lot of towels when I shower and she noticed that so she started bringing a lot of towels and putting them on the shelves in the bath area for us. I never had to ask for extras. Shower was excellent (separate from tub) - great water pressure. Separate toilet area so your roomie can tinkle in private while you're brushing your teeth. Room darkening curtains were great in the morning after a late night out - couldn't tell if it was day or night. Nice big flat screen TV. VERY comfortable bed (king with pillow-top mattress). Lots of great pillows. Wonderful bed linens (very soft cotton, including the duvet cover, so you're never touching anything that someone else's behind touched). Lots of little touches like bottled water by your bed every night, great thick terry cloth robes (one for each of you), a pair of slippers for each of you (they're pretty cheap disposable slippers - nothing to write home about, but they lasted all week very nicely). We got upgraded to a &quot;strip-view&quot; room. From what I understand, with the exception of the view, the room is identical to the &quot;superior&quot; room, but I didn't see those rooms. The view of the strip is no big deal during the day but at night, when all the neon goes on, it's really cool. We live in a high building at home, so maybe the day view just reminds me of home but if you're from a small town, you'll be amazed by the view.I think the room could have been bigger but it was very acceptable. I would like to have seen a suite (I tried to upgrade but they were full). My guess is that they are incredible.Free WiFi if you have a laptop otherwise you can access the internet via the TV but it's $14.99 for 24 hours and it's very flakey. You're better off using the PC's in the business center. You run your credit card through and get the first 10 minutes free (after that, however, it's $1.00 per minute and be careful about printing anything...it's $1.00 per page to print!!!). There are two phones in the room and one in the bathroom by the toilet. The phone by the bed is a cordless, which is very handy. There is a safe in the room that is easy to program. An iron, a hair dryer, and really nice soaps, shampoo, conditioner. lotion, shower gels in the bathroom. You have full control of the central A/C in the room, which works very well. Unfortunately, you cannot open the windows at all, though.If you put your &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door, they are extremely respectful of it...we ordered something from room service and forgot that we had the sign on the door. The delivery person didn't knock on our door and, instead, walkie-talkied to the office who called us to ask if it was OK for the person to knock! Speaking of room service, it's great, but it's really expensive. That said, if they tell you they'll be there in 20 minutes, they are there in 17 minutes! There is a mini bar in the room and a tray of delicious looking snack foods but they're expensive and we didn't make use of them - except for a bottle of Fiji Water. Concierges are very helpful but don't expect them to be able to recommend anything inexpensive. They don't seem to have a grasp of how espensive the restaurants are when you ask them to recommend something reasonable. Do your own research to find inexpensive options. But do use the concierge to make reservations at restaurants in other hotels for you. Speaking of which, the two restaurants in the hotel are excellent. Verandah has very nice food, serves breakfast, lunch, tea, and dinner. They also have a really nice outdoor seating area just off from the pool. In addition, they serve as the source of food that you can order when you sit by the pool. All good. The other restaurant is Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse. Amazing food and service. Top notch.The hotel's private car (a Cadillac SUV) is available to anyone in the hotel who requests it if you are going within 3 miles of the hotel - but it's first come first serve, so when you walk outside the front door, ask the doorman if the car is available. If not, take a taxi, but if it is available, it's free (tip the driver), really comfortable, and a wonderful option. They won't pick you up from wherever you go, though, once you're there, you're on your own to get back (taxis are easily available everywhere you go - but they don't cruise on the strip...you have to get one at a taxi stand at any hotel or store). The hotel really is an oasis of serenity, as advertised. It was such a pleasure coming &quot;home&quot; to our peaceful lobby after being in the casinos and/or the other hotels. Our stay was for 9 days, which began on Memorial Day weekend. It was a madhouse everywhere that weekend - it was like being on Spring Break in Cancun with a ton of young 20-somethings. Noisy, crowded, overwhelming. But not in OUR hotel. Oh, it was busy - and full. But the only place it was any sort of issue was at the pool. Well, not an &quot;issue&quot; - it's just that there were way more people at the pool on the holiday weekend than there were at any other time. But it was an easygoing relaxed crowd. Unlike right next door at the Mandalay pools with thumping loud music and waaaay too many people. By the way, when you stay at the Four Seasons, you can use all of the Mandalay pools but not vice versa. We only used the Four Seasons pool...just simply more relaxing and a better class of clientele (not drunken loud kids showing off their boob implants). Order lunch while you're lounging by the pool. They bring you a tray and the food is really good. The poolside service is excellent. On the slower days (non-holiday weekend), they come by and spray you with water to cool you off, offer you free popsicles, frozen melon balls, and even asked if we needed our sunglasses cleaned! Casino...there is none. But Mandalay Bay is actually part of the same building as the Four Seasons and they do have a Casino. I didn't see every hotel but I can say this - I thought the Bellagio was the nicest casino I've ever seen. I thought the Venetian was a beautiful hotel and the casino was nice. I thought the MGM Grand stunk from cigarette smoke, even in the restaurants. I would not be able to gamble there. I thought Caesars was a horror show and just gave me a bad vibe from start to finish. Mandalay Bay's casino is relatively small if you're a table player. Tons of slot/video machines, though. But I'm a blackjack player. There are no non-smoking areas, but it wasn't too bad. Smoke really bothers me so I wasn't thrilled. At night, you can't find anything lower than a $15 minimum-bet table. But - it's all really easy to get to from Four Seasons. You don't have to leave the building to get there. So that's where we played. It would have been great if the Bellagio casino was that close but we just simply didn't feel like jumping into a cab to go there. And when the gambling is over, you walk through the (virtually unmarked) door and go from a loud, boisterous casino into a very quiet, clean, peaceful hallway at your private Four Seasons elevator and leave the noise and smoke behind. Aaaahhhh....Wonderful! Ultimately, I was very pleased with our choice of where to stay. I was just about to book the Bellagio when it occurred to me that it was a holiday weekend and it might be crazy there. Boy, was I right and I'm glad we chose the Four Seasons instead. Expensive but worth the money. If we go back, that's where I'm staying.My only complaints: There was an odd smell in part of the lobby for the entire time we were there and another guest told me it was the same last year. The spa was beautiful but there is no hot tub / jaccuzzi in there. Mandalay has one but you have to pay $30/day to use it and you have to walk through the casino after your massage if you come from Mandalay - that would un-relax you in a hurry. Also, although the bathroom has a &quot;soaking&quot; bathtub (very deep), it also has no jaccuzzi jets and there is no curtain or glass door around it, so the hot bath gets cold very quickly. Oh, and no chocolates on the pillow at night, LOL! (I can't eat them anyway but I can dream, can't I?)	
May 16 2009 	Wonderful	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Four Seasons, Las Vegas and would not stay anywhere else. The staff was fantastic - from the front desk to the valet to housekeeping - impeccable service all around. The spa is beautiful, gym is amazing, pools are lovely...I loved this Four Seasons.	
May 11 2009 	World Class Service... World Class Stay	My wife and I just returned from a trip to Vegas at the Four Seasons. The hotel is absolutely fantastic in all regards. I must admit that we are loyal Ritz Carlton fans and regularly choose the RC as our brand of choice, but this stay may have changed that. The staff is truly focused on outstanding service beginning as you first walk in the door. The porter opens the car door for you and asks your last name as you are checking in. From then on, you are greeted by your last name. It is actually quite impressive. Equally as impressive was the service both at the pool and the spa. The rooms are nice and what I would call &quot;standard&quot; for a RC or FS brand. The robes were true terry cloth and actually nicer than the RC robes (spa robes). The slippers were terry cloth as well and more comfortable than the RC (spa slippers). The bed was nice and I slept well with no complaints. The black out curtains were truly best in class and enabled me to really sleep in without any sign of light coming through. The towels were ok, but not quite as nice as I would have expected (they were a bit worn and thinner than the typical RC towels). The bathroom was quite nice and the shower had some of the best water pressure that I have experienced in quite some time. The absolute best part of the hotel was that there is no casino noise. If you want the casino it is right next door and easily accessible, but you don't have to walk through it on your way to your room. On our departure we asked for a cab to the airport and the porter informed us that he would have the hotel car (black escalade ext) take us. This just capped off and absolutely perfect stay. All in all, the Four Seasons exceeded my expectations and I will absolutley make this my hotel of choice for all of my future visits to Las Vegas...	
May 10 2009 	Elegance near Vegas Decadance	We stayed at this resort for two nights after a trip to Utah for hiking and had a Strip View room.  It was an extremely elegant, quiet respite from the loud Vegas scene.  We loved the spa, restaurants pool and overall service.  Our room was on the small side, but the view made up for it.  We have stayed at other Vegas hotels, most recently the Wynn, and found that the Four Seasons offered true relaxation with the ability to get to a casino or some other  vegas-style action within minutes.  I loved the fact that there was never a line for a cab and one could arrange spa services at any time one desired.  The pool area was small but beautiful and the attendants were so helpful.	
Apr 23 2009 	Top Class	We've visited Vegas a few times but this was the first time at The Four Seasons. The standard was as high as you'd expect from this hotel chain, but the real bonus was the escape from the madness of the town, which was only a short step away in the form of The Mandalay Bay. We had young children with us and found the ambience and service second to none.	
Apr 22 2009	Accessible Rooms are not up to Par- But Spa and Spa Staff great	Stay was one year ago. Birthday trip for me and my 83 year old Mom. Check in smooth and Spa treatments (a suprise gift from a family member) were over-the-top fabulous. Family member also suprised us with Champange and Chocolates placed in our room upon our arrival. Flowers delivered for birthday sent by family member and Cake compliments of Four Seasons were nicely done. My Mom had her first facial and loved it (and thought the esthetician was great). My extra long (180 min?) massage seemed a little decadant but it was one of the best deep tissue massages ever! Warmly greated by spa/gym staff every AM when I went to work out at the gym. Gym small and (a year ago- hopefully this was fixed) individual TV's on treadmill were controlled by a remote control that was not dedicated to your treadmills TV. A woman next to me kept pointing her remote my direction and changing my TV. I could not have been more irritated by this! Also, the Temp controls in the Accessible Spa shower were tempermental and I was glad I was present to help my Mom out, otherwise, the drastic change to hot water could have caused problems. The spa area was smallish but luxurious with a very nice staff.We enjoyed breakfast and afternoon tea (reserve ahead) in Verandah. Room service for breakfast was wonderful and toiletries luxurious. However we were very dissapointed with the accessible bathroom. A standard tub was fitted with bulky huge bench/chair but there was nothing to sit on in the shower. I was very disappointed with the response that I recieved from the front desk when I called down to ask about a shower chair for my Mom. &quot;No we do not have one.&quot; There was a shower chair in the accessible bathroom in the spa so I ended up packing everything in a big tote and wheeling my Mom down to the spa so she could have a nice shower (with the iffy temp. control). The spa staff was gracious but I felt a little bit like a couple of ragtag refugees schleping down to the shower every day when I know the Four Seasons could afford to get a $45 shower chair to be sent up to our room. (The huge bathtub chair woud not fit in the shower).I was also unimpressed with the front desk staff on the one occasion I was having problems with my key-card. Mom and I had been by the pool and we approached the front desk ( I was pushing Mom in her wheelchair ) and asked if I could get another key card for us to use. The front desk attendant looked at us and said &quot; we need to see your ID&quot;. I was loaded-down with pool/sun gear and my Mom in a wheelchair. I explained that my wallet was in our safe in the room. Basically he said (I'm paraphrasing here): &quot;too bad&quot;. It really would have been nice if he had offered to send someone up to our room with us and they could check our ID there. We did enjoy the non-gaming oasis and quiet retreat of the resort, but the two incidents with lackluster staff really left us feeling lukewarm (at best) about the Four Seasons Vegas. When we chose to stay at the Bellagio this year our experience with every staff member was wonderfull and the accessible rooms had a much better shower for someone with disabilities.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great location but not best Four Seasons (must get a deal)	My husband and I have stayed at various Four Seasons. While Las Vegas was not the most modern, it was certainly pretty, clean, and perfectly located. We enjoyed being set apart from the business of Las Vegas but close enough to hop down to the Mandalay Bay casino. We stayed on the Las Vegas special and left on Sunday. On Saturday, I discussed extending our stay through Sunday evening and staying until Monday with a front desk person. She said that we could stay on the same reduced rate and that we could make our decision at any point. My husband called very early on Sunday morning and was told that he could not match that offer and in fact, the rate was much higher. Given the occupancy of the hotel - we were confused. We ended up leaving for another hotel where we got a much better rate. We were also annoyed to find that valet parking was $19.00 day - this was not clearly indicated anywhere and every other hotel in the area offers this service free. We would have self-parked if we had known. Last, I don't understand why internet service is $14.00 at the Four Seasons but free at virtually every low budget hotel. This is a dated expense and should be updated - not to mention that we were double-billed for it (which was later corrected). The pool was gorgeous and if we return, the pool will be the reason. Overall, it was a good location with well-kept grounds but we felt as if we were being nickeled-and-dimed quite a bit.	
Apr 22 2009 	Should have been better	This was my first stay at a Four Seasons. I stayed at the Four Seasons Easter Weekend. I was assigned a room with a pool view. The Associate at the front desk was top notch, while the Associate at check-out was impersonal. The hotel has an understated scent of luxury. The room, on the 38th floor, was clean and in perfect condition. Room Service staff were cheerful and polite. The front desk spa staff seemed to be from a casting call of Sunset Tan - valley girls. Compared to the Canyon Ranch Spa at the Venetian, the spa lounge is tiny. Here is why I didn't give this hotel 4 or 5 stars - each morning the jets across the freeway would start their engines at 6am - I was taking some time off and didn't want to get up at 6am. ugh. I'm taking some time off around Memorial Day in Arizona and decided to stay at the JW Marriott Camelback instead of the Four Seasons - didn't want to take a chance that my quiet would be distrubed.	
Apr 18 2009 	Perfect stay at the Four Seasons Vegas	After reading the great reviews of this hotel, we decided to check rates on the internet. The hotel was running a &quot;3rd night free&quot; prromotion, so we ended up paying an average of about $189 per night, which put as around the same pricepoint as any of the other high end strip hotel. The room was beautiful with plenty of space. There was a large bathroom with serparate shower and tub and a large vanity. The bed was large and comfy. The room had a small sitting area which was fine for my husband and I. There is no casino in this hotel, however it is connected to the Mandalay Bay, so you have easy access to there casino and ammenities. We loved utilizing the Mandalay's amazing pool area for some fun in the lazy river and wave pool, then laying out by the Four Season's private pool area for some relaxation. The Four Seasons pool area is first class. We loved ordering frozen drinks and appetizers poolside and being spritzed with Evian water by the poolside attendants.This hotel is first class all the way. It is a nice oasis from the hustle and bustle of the strip, but close enough to all the action.	
Apr 16 2009 	Absolutly Wonderful - Brilliant!	This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. This is the only hotel in Las Vegas to stay at. It is peaceful and quite. The staff are incredible as they are knowledgeable and want you to enjoy your stay. Though it is the most expensive hotel in Las Vegas it is well worth it to get away from the regular Las Vegas with slot machines, rude staff, and lots of cigarettes smoke. Words can not say enough about this palace. I have stayed at other Five Star hotels in Las Vegas including Bellagio, Wynn, and Venetian. After staying here, I will never stay at any of those traditional Vegas hotels ever again!	
Apr 14 2009 	Welcome change from most of Vegas	We stayed here over the Easter weekend. Check-in was fast with no wait. I requested a room that faced away from the airport to avoid the noise others have complained about. The room overlooked an unattractive parking garage but it was super quiet at night. The room was large and the bed was as comfortable as you would expect from any Four Seasons. Housekeeping did a fabulous job and were prompt when requested.Overall, we had a great stay but if you're a regular at the Four Seasons, just lower your expectations slightly. The service here can be spotty and just not up to the usual standards you would expect. And it is Vegas so it will be more crowded, especially by the pool. But it's still the best option in Vegas.	
Apr 13 2009 	5 Star Service	We have been to Las Vegas at least 20 times over the years, direct flight from Pittsburgh, we used to stay at different hotels ending lately at the Belliago, UNTIL this trip for Easter and stayed at The Four Seasons. The service at The Four Seasons is over the top perfect! We had Presidential Limo. pick us up and take us back to the airport $100 round trip, they were great/prompt. From the minute we exited the car, the attendant at Four Seasons reconized us by name, we checked into our room at 10am. The room was good, great bed, nice bath, nothing to complain about but nothing special, view of pools and mountains, there are nicer rooms in Vegas. Breakfast at the Veranda was perfect, the best eggs I have eaten... we ordered lunch by the pool all 3 days, ordered something different each day and each meal was better than the next, loved the Tuna 3 Ways. The pool attendants were incredible, 8 attendants each day, the pool area is small size so 8 attendants make you feel like everyone gets personal attention. Free ice water w/ lemon that is constantly refilled, evian spritzers on your face, fresh fruit and fruit juices of the day, sunglass cleaning, fresh towels galore, mini massages for your feet and hands, 15 minutes for $35, 30 miniutes for $65 and 45 minutes for $95 include your hands, worth getting every day. We ventured over to Mandalay Bay on day (for 15 minutes) way to crowded, we loved our little corner of the world at Four Seasons. We had SPA treatments 2 days, loved the Dessert Oasis so did my husband. A taxi to Ceasars Shops was only $11+ tip so even though you are at the far end of the strip it's a cheap taxi ride. Here is the best description that my husband came up with, The Four Seasons is &quot;old money&quot; not necessarily but the Point behind the saying is true, the Belliago where we've stayed (and loved) is &quot;new money&quot;. The attention to detail at Four Seasons and the quality of guests are top notch. All the guests were friendly, chatty and we were probably one of the &quot;poorest&quot; (everythings relative) couples there. We will definately be back.	
Apr 6 2009 	An Oasis	Stayed here for Xmas / New Year (2nd year running), Once again stayed in a Suite and whilst expensive it was worth every penny. The hotel is an absolute bastion of calm, quiet and elegance.Lovely spa, the only downside is they don't do manis / pedis.Charlie Palmers serves perfect steak. The valet has your car in a couple of minutes. Rooms are warm and comfortable. Perfect!	
Apr 1 2009 	Beautiful hotel expensive but worth every penny	Beautiful hotel for fist 4 nights of our honeymoon. It's not cheap but you get what you pay for. We loved the fact that it doesn't have a casino and is consequently much quieter than the majority of Vegas hotels. Also,being at the airport end of the strip, it's just not as busy. We stayed in a Premier Strip View room which did indeed have the most amazing view of the strip. We were treated to the most fantastic &quot;free&quot; firework display on New Years Eve which we watched from our room on the 18th floor. The service at this hotel is faultless. Roomservice plates were removed the second they were placed outside the door. The whole hotel was immaculately clean. We ate in the Veranda restaurant one evening and the meal was beautiful with attentive service. Everything you would expect from a 5 star Four Seasons hotel.	
Apr 1 2009 	Another quality stay at FS	I am becoming a &quot;regular&quot; at FS properties. I love that they are so dependable, and you will always get what you pay for. I will say that I was a little disappointed in the &quot;blah&quot; room decorations here, but it was minor.CHECK-IN:Easy. I arrived at 11:30am on a Thursday and my strip-view room was ready. This was nice since I wanted to have lunch before my 2pm spa appointment.ROOM:Strip view was nice, but I am honestly not sure it is worth the tremendous jump in price from a regular room. At night it was cool to see the lights. . .but you could also walk outside at night see them. I would definitely not pay for the view again, although I appreciated others' recommendations here about it. I think I would have wondered what I was missing--now I know.Bed--typical, comfortable, clean and nice, cool, soft sheets.Bath--I didn't like the showers here-the water pressure was actually too hard, and there was no way to adjust the shower head to make it softer. I know, picky, picky, but not everyone likes to blasted out of the shower.Desk/chair/tv: Very utilitarian. I could have been anywhere. . .not as comfortable as other FS properties.FOOD:I have the brunch at the hotel restaurant--it's a bit pricey and probably not worth it. the food was &quot;typical&quot; brunch food, and after having &quot;The Buffet&quot; at Wynn for 1/2 the price, there really is no comparison. The remainder of my meals I ate next door at Mandalay bay--nothing I would return for, including the much-heralded &quot;Burger Bar.&quot; It was good, but $25 for a burger and fries???POOL:The pool area is lovely, and the pool itself is warm. The attendants were great--constantly checking on you, even bringing nuts or chips if you want them. Spending an afternoon here was definitely my most relaxing day.SPA:I had a facial here which was lovely. The facilities are top-notch, and the services comprehensive. They have people on &quot;stand-by&quot; so you can generally walk-in and request a same-day service. They were also very generous with samples of the products they used during my service, which is helpful before committing hundreds of dollars to a new routine.CASINO:This hotel is attached to Mandalay Bay--the casino is disappointing, as is the Luxor, which is also close by. It is very easy to tell the difference in the older casinos and the newer ones. This is definitely &quot;old.&quot;LOCATION: This is the biggest drawback to an otherwise nice stay. The FS is so far away from everything that you are constantly renting a cab. . .it's 3 miles to Bellagio, and 6 miles to Wynn/Encore, which can be a nice walk unless you are dressed for dinner and a show. . .this is also the main reason I would not return to this property.	
Mar 23 2009 	Ultimate Luxury in Las Vegas	I’ve only vacationed to Las Vegas once, but now that I’ve stayed at the Four Seasons I can honestly proclaim that I will never stay anywhere else but there in future visits! The hotel was immaculate—the design, the casino-free atmosphere, the pampering service…all top-notch. We stayed in a “premier strip-view room” on the 36th floor and the windows were floor to ceiling offering sweeping views of the entire strip. It was simply breathtaking to look at both day and night—the best part about the location of the Four Seasons on the top floors of the Mandalay Bay tower is the fact that it is at the far end of the strip, not the middle, so you can see everything and not just half of the glamorous hotels. Our room was spacious and comfortable for 4 adults. We also loved the pool area because it was a beautiful, quiet retreat from the rowdy Mandalay Bay wave pool, although we could go over there whenever we wanted if we desired to soak in the party atmosphere at any point. It was awesome that Four Seasons guests had the option to use the Four Seasons pool or Mandalay’s pool, but Mandalay guests had to stay at Mandalay. Some of the little things that we loved about our stay as we lounged by the pool for 5 days in the hot July sun were the amenities at the pool. Throughout the day, attendants came around and offered us mists of Evian and eucalyptus-infused chilled towels to cool us down, as well as periodic offerings of fresh fruit, cucumbers for our eyes, and popsicles. We also had a pitcher of ice water refilled constantly throughout the afternoon, and there were plenty of servers to take food and drink orders at any time. They had a fabulous menu to order breakfast or lunch at the pool, and they actually brought over a nice tray that fits over the lounge chair so you could eat right there without having to get up! It was so comfortable.One of our primary reasons for selecting the Four Seasons over other luxury resorts like the Bellagio or the Wynn was the fact that even though those resorts are nice, they are still huge and simply cannot offer the level or personalization or quiet pool area feel that Four Seasons can offer. If you want pampering luxury and personalized attention throughout your stay, I highly recommend that you stay at Four Seasons and then just visit the other top hotels for dinner and shopping each night. We are non-gamblers, so this was another plus for us, but even if you gamble recreationally and you still want top-notch service and luxury, you will not be disappointed in the Four Seasons. I suppose the only reason to stay elsewhere would be if you really need to be steps away from the tables and slots or the non-stop party atmosphere of the other casino hotels. For us, we loved the Four Seasons, and the next time I find myself in fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada I will find myself checking in at the Four Seasons without a doubt.	
Mar 19 2009 	No Casino Hotel - fantastic!	The Four Seasons in Las Vegas is a heaven away from the terrible crowd - because the For Season doesn't have a Casino directly attached (there is one - but it belongs to the Mandalay Hotel and is accessed through the 1st floor). This means: no long waiting for valet parking, no endless waiting for check in, concierge etc. The Four Seasons has its own entrance and its own pool but it's on top of the Mandalay Hotel (of which you feel nothing). Just be careful when making the reservation: some rooms have &quot;airport view&quot; (hotel directly located opposite the airport) and are very, very noisy - especially when the fighter aircrafts take off. We got such a room the first night. But after I called the reception we got a free upgrade to a &quot;Strip-View-Room&quot;.The concierge has been very helpful, a &quot;more-than-5-stars-experience&quot;: we reserved tickets for LOVE at the Mirage. But picking them up has been a shock: 1 - 1.5 hours waiting! So I canceled and went back to the Four Seasons. At a tip they arranged that the tickets were brought directly to the hotel so we could spend the day for better things than waiting in row. Also the recommended restaurants (Brio...) has been very good, the tours...Valet Parking had also been great. The car always had been there already when we turned up.Except the noisy part of the rooms I can't say anything bad about the Four Seasons. In case we go to Las Vegas again certainly we would stay there again.	
Mar 17 2009 	A beautiful haven away from the crowds	We toured the other hotels on the strip and went to shows, etc... but just LOVED being able to get away from it all when it came time to rest and go to sleep. The hotel is beautiful and serene. There were NO crowds whatsoever. Check in was a breeze, lots of room at the pool, very comfortable rooms, service was friendly and helpful. The spa is georgeous and one of the best I've been to (and I love going to spas). They also don't charge extra for things like gym use, DVD player, pool use, etc.. Really great place to stay. Only thing to be cautious of is some of the rooms face the airport and you might be bothered by plane traffic if you're a light sleeper (we asked for a room away from the airport and it was very quiet).	
Mar 16 2009 	Best customer service and comfort in Las Vegas	We just returned from our first stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas and it will not be our last. From beginning to end the entire staff treated us to the most amazing customer service we have ever experienced. Luggage was in our room before we turned the key in the door. No long lines to check in. No casino bling or congestion. A quiet and classy lobby with a safe and relaxing haven from the crazy LV blvd. world. We were addressed by name in the restaurants here and with each phone call to front desk, service employees, bell captains etc. The room was very clean and comfortable with wonderful city views. The beds are beyond description. It was one of the best nights sleep ever. With all the other high end hotels on the strip, most offer nice accommodations but with the thousands of rooms and people to service you will never get the personal touch that this hotel can offer. Hallways were clean day and night, elevators swift upon call, pool area and spa both quiet and relaxing. You can get to Mandalay Bay easily if you want to transition to the casino environment. My only negative comments would be that this hotel is very close to the airport, so depending on the wing where your room is located you will hear some jet noise at times. It is also at the far end of the strip with only close walking access to Lexor and Excalibur. You will need to use taxi, car or trams to get to other hotels. These factors will not keep us away, as this gem of a hotel is the best on the strip if you want to be treated like a respectful paying guest and not just a room number...	
Mar 11 2009 	Hospitality from personnel was wonderful	As a Texas girl visiting the western United States, I never know what type of service I am going to get. There are times that the services can be haughty and lacking in the genuine personalization I am used to getting in my southern state. The Four Seasons Las Vegas more than exceeded my expectations. The staff was welcoming, and treated me like a person rather than a commodity. My husband and I were visiting Las Vegas for the first time for our 20th wedding anniversary. We arrived to receive a delectable chocolate mouse cake with &quot;Happy Anniversary&quot; beautifully writen on it. We were also going to be picking up a new puppy while visiting the area, and the Four Seasons went above and beyond to lay out a doggy bed, bowls, and treats to wecome our newest family member. Our first night I also ordered room service by phone from a very cheery attendant. She was also more than helpful with my wine requests. The room service arrived prompty with a smile and a waiter that was also more than helpful with information about the food and wine. After we dined, all I had to do was make a phone call and someone came and picked up the table and dishes. Great service!As a topper, when we were leaving the hotel I forgot some jewelry on the glass above the sink. I asked the front desk clerk at check out and he quickly called security and within minutes my jewelry was delivered to me in the lobby while I sipped my morning tea. I will definitely be looking forward to my next stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas!	
Mar 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel with great service but...	Have stayed at many Four Seasons and this one is very nice. Quiet, away from the strip, with access to the Mandalay Bay casinos, shops and restaurants if you want it. My biggest complaint was the airport noise. The planes started around 6am. We were on the north wing facing the airport. I don't know if you can escape the airport noise along the Strip as the airport is pretty much adjoining the Strip. On a side note--the access to the Mandalay would also give access to their pool which has a big wave pool. We didn't bring the kids this trip, but would consider Four Seasons again to get access to their pools.	
Feb 24 2009 	Lovely stay - and that bed!	We stayed at the Four Seasons over New Years Eve.First off, my boyfriend is a 4S devotee. He's been prodding me to stay at one for awhile now, so we finally did on this trip. Things I liked:* Excellent service - and I do mean excellent. Only matched thus far my MGM Grand Skylofts.* The BED! Oh my gosh, the bed. This is the best bed I have ever slept in, without a doubt, hands down. I'm trying to figure out where they sell them. I would get in and never want to leave, which wasn't so good when it came time to go out. :) Best in comfort, hands down. I haven't slept in a bed that comes close to it.* Room service was stellar and delicious.* The Spa was fantastic for treatments. The interior was unremarkable otherwise, but the quality of treatments was amazing.* Very quiet. * Close to a casino (Mandalay Bay).* Room staff were stealthy and hyperaware - we'd go out for 45 minutes for lunch and come back to a spotlessly clean room.Disliked:* Didn't deposit you on a casino floor, and the doors leading from 4S to the Mandalay casino floor were rather hard to find and out of the way. Which isn't SO bad, I guess, but irritating nonetheless.* I'm not a huge fan of the Mandalay casino... so that didn't help!* The rooms were fairly small and understated, which is okay, but boring.* No 'fun' amenities (I'm constantly finding interesting stuff all over MGM Grand Skylofts for example - like televisions situated in strange places, personalised stationery, etc)All in all, it was very nice, and I would stay at a 4 Seasons located elsewhere, but for Vegas I think there are better options.	
Feb 22 2009 	Relaxing	It was very refreshing to walk in the hotel in Vegas with peace and quiet surrounding you. There is no casino, no loud music, no smoke and no people. I had a deluxe room with a huge bathroom. It was clean and nicely appointed. There was a flat screen TV with lots of movies to order. They also had a DVD player so you can just watch your own stuff. I had breakfast room service, which was prompt and food was delicious. I had a very nice dinner at Verandah. There is also Charles Palmer steakhouse in the restaurant but I didn't eat there.I had couple of treatments in the spa. They were all relaxing and enjoyable. The pool is getting renovated until March, so I didn't get to experience it. This is definitely the place to be for people who want to get away from all the craziness of Vegas. But if you want to gamble, just take the main elevator to Mandalay Bay casino.	
Feb 20 2009 	Good but some issues	I was very happy that we chose to stay at the Four Seasons but might think twice about staying here again. Here's the good and the &quot;areas for opportunity&quot;. For the most part, service and atmosphere were excellent. Only one exception was dealing with a staff member trying to resolve a billing error. It was unnecessarily difficult and uncomfortable to fix thanks to a not-so-pleasant front desk receptionist. Otherwise, it was refreshing to be treated so well. Christian, a bell stand staff, and May in reception were very pleasant and professional. We paid $100 to upgrade to a larger room. We did not get a strip view. Instead we got a lot of airport noise (starting at 6am Sun-Wed, 5am on Thurs). We were also next to an ice machine/room. A few times during the night we were woken by the noise (either a door slamming or the ice machine). The bed was very nice but not as comfortable as the Signature beds or the LV Westin beds. The rooms were wonderful though. We did have room service several times. Dinners were good but breakfast was overdone and way over -priced. The room service orders were always correct (yay) but we always had to ask for the bill. The server never offered it. It was very nice to have special access and separate elevators to the Mandalay Bay area. Kudos to the staff though for really making our stay pleasant.	
Feb 19 2009 	Truly Outstanding	Although we occasionally stay at some very nice hotels, we try to keep our lodging costs reasonable. Our attitude is basically that we typically get in late and are only there for sleep and showering, so why spend a fortune, particularly as we tend to spend only one or two nights in one place. While on a trip we just finished, we had to change our itinerary due to bad weather. I went to check what was available on some travel web sites and found what I thought was an incredible deal for the Four Seasons - $200, after a credit. I had never stayed in a Four Seasons before and I was curious to see what it was like. In a word, it was fantastic. First, we were upgraded to a suite. I expected a nice, roomy place. We got a huge place with a very, very large living room and a very large bedroom. It had a large bathroom in the bedroom and something I had never seen before, a half bath for the living room. We loved the huge LCD television in the living room and the still very large one in the bedroom. The floor to ceiling windows gave a dramatic cast to the suite, even though we probably didn't have the best area to view. The decor was modern, but not extreme. Everything about the suite was high quality and the fit and finish was excellent - no squeaky doors or loud, obnoxious heating unit here. Finally, the bed was the best I've slept on and the towels and bathroom were plush and wonderful.Service was excellent. They quickly brought a refrigerator needed to store medicine. Valet and bell staff were quick and pleasant. While very pricey (2 pancakes and 2 OJ's were $58 - it is a luxury hotel, after all ), the pancakes were the best I have ever had. We just did not want to leave. It was delightful. It was so good, in fact, that if we can get similar deals in the future, we intend to go several times a year just to relax there and enjoy ourselves in the room itself. We're frugal, but some indulgences are worth splurging for and this is definitely one of them.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Hotel -- A little away from the craziness	The Four Seasons Las Vegas is a little away from the centre of all the action. However it is a short cab ride away or you can walk if its not too hot. However, if you are looking for excellent service and quality and some peach and quiet, this is the place to stay.The pool area at the Four Seasons is just lovely. The rooms are perfect -- with spectacular views in the strip view rooms. The gym was also great. Love this hotel!!	
Feb 6 2009 	Only worth it for the view and tranquility	We booked this hotel after reading the reviews and could not ignore it was the no. 1 hotel in Vegas. We decided to splash out on a premier strip view room as we were getting married in Vegas and wanted the stay to be extra special. Good points;The view from our room (floor to ceiling window) was amazing especially at night. The hotel is so quiet and relaxing. The quietest hotel we have ever stayed in. Vegas is crazy and it was lovely to walk through the &quot;secret&quot; door in the hectic Mandalay Bay into the Four Seasons away from all the hustle and bustle. The hotel is immaculate, clean and staff very polite. Stress free check in, which is just what you need after a long flight (we noticed massive queues in other hotels for check in) If all of this is important to you and money is no object , then book this hotel. However.................. Location wise, it is the most southern hotel on the strip so not ideal (taxis can be quite expensive as lots of traffic ) Eat all you can buffet breakfast at the Verandah was the best ever although expensive - about $80 for 2 of us. Room service breakfast on our wedding day was $50 for bagel, toast, grapefruit, coffee and orange juice (we only received 1 and got charged for 2) and it wasnt worth $10. Had to ring to find out where it was as we were trying to get ready for our wedding (it took nearly an hour to be delivered) We ended up having room service one evening (not out of choice - Mandalay Bay was chaos and all the restaurants had queues outside them) Very good pasta and reasonably priced although we had to ring twice to get them to collect dishes which is not ideal when you are exhausted and want to go to sleep! Nothing free in room (other than one bottle of water each and tea and coffee) We had some mints from the mini bar and got charged $6! We didnt get anything &quot;special&quot; from the hotel (they knew we were getting married) so this was very disappointing. My wedding dress was ironed by hotel (apparently same day service) It was collected early on Saturday and was not back in the room Sunday evening so panic set in. It came back with some stains on it and it was being looked into however no-one ever came back. It was taken from the room without its plastic cover so not sure if they covered it? Could not say 100% it was the hotels fault though although apparently they do inspect garments before they are worked on. We were not charged the $75 ironing fee. NB after Vegas we stayed in a 5 star hotel (Le Blanc spa) in Mexico. Same price per night, amazing room/view, all inclusive and we were treated so well as we were on honeymoon.	
Feb 2 2009 	Nice but not worth a return	I am a devotee of Bellagio, but this year my stay happened to coincide with the Super Bowl which translated into no room at the inn for me. This is okay, sometimes change is good. Dropping four figures (a night) on a suite at the Wynn was too much for me to justify.Arrived at the Four Seasons on a Thursday night – check in was flawless. Up to my suite on the 37th floor which from the floor plan and layout perspective was quite nice and super functional. However, both refrigerator and big TV weren't working. A call to engineering was answered very promptly and resolved the TV issue. The refrigerator….that never worked.As others note here, the lobby is quite beautiful and the Verandah restaurant is a nice place to eat at any point in the day. Charlie Palmers is right next door. The pool is nice too, even though it was drained for (maintenance).I submit my review because I don't see this complaint anywhere else and it drove me crazy enough to consider not returning to FS or even the Mandalay for that matter. Specifically, the reflective film on the floor to ceiling windows casts such a severe blue shaded light in the room it made me nauseous. I found I had to get out of the room by 11 a.m. because as the morning wore on, the more queasy I'd feel. No problem at night – but during the day – brutal. If you take a look at some of the pictures submitted by guests you'll see some of them are very BLUE. That's the camera catching the actual tint to the room – not a magic photography trick. I've never experienced that before in a high rise hotel and of course understand what the purpose is to the window film, but it really became uncomfortable. *Forget* applying or modifying your makeup in the room – from the color correctness perspective, it's impossible.Little and admittedly silly room amenities were missing too – not critical to my stay but they add to my feeling pampered. All laundry, dry cleaning and shoe bags were plastic, no canvas or felt. The soaps, shampoo and lotions were so heavily scented with Bvlgari by day three I had to buy others from the gift shop. No nail kit, or freebie toothbrush and toothpaste. The glass tops to some of the tables didn't looked like they'd been cleaned well in the recent past.On the positive side, the staff were all very friendly and the service was unmatched. Walking from the Four Seasons into the Mandalay takes two seconds. My daughter also worked out in the spa and they loaned her shoes, socks, shorts – all without charge. Very nice. Echoing others, this is a lovely hotel to go and get away from the noise and craziness of Vegas. Not *once* did I hear noise from another room or in the hallway. That said, the visual weirdness will have me returning to Bellagio. I wouldn't consider this the tried and true &quot;Four Seasons&quot; resort.	
Feb 1 2009 	Luxury as it was meant to be	My husband and I stayed here for a week, right before the holidays. In fact, we were here when Vegas had snow! What a sight that was.. So this was our first stay at the Four Seasons and I have to say, they do live up to their name as the quality and service of our visit was over the top. Yes, it is very expensive and you know the old saying, &quot;If you have to ask the price, then you can't afford it&quot;. So this is not for those who are on a budget.We had booked a moderate room and when we checked in, was offered to upgrade to a one bedroom suite. The room was beautiful and spacious and quiet! Never heard any of our neighbors the whole time we were there..The Verandah was a nice place to have cocktails and a bite to eat.. No smoking or loud casino noises there, which was a nice retreat after going to different casinos. I have to say, the customer service is the best ever, with people always making sure every need is met.I have been spoiled and can't imagine staying at any other hotel while I am in Vegas!	
Jan 31 2009 	Loved the peace and quiet 	We went to Las Vegas to celebrate my son's 21st birthday and to get away for a few days. Had not been to Vegas in 30 years &amp; it has really changed. What we really enjoyed about the Four Seasons was that it was so quiet , beautiful and small. There is no casino in the hotel like the other hotels there. The Four Seasons is actually the top 5 floors of the Mandalay Hotel and the Mandalay has a casino. It is easy to reach the casino but the Four Seasons has it own entry so you never have to go through the casino if you don't want to.Our rooms were very nice &amp; the service/concierge was wonderful. We were able to find a very good rate/package on the Four Seasons website and that is how we booked our room. We had breakfast each day at the hotel restaurant &amp; it was great.It is very relaxing to go out to see the other hotels which are so crowded with people and smokers, etc &amp; then come back to the lovely Four Seasons. We also visited the Hoover Dam &amp; took the tour where you go inside the dam workings. Then we drove over to Red Rock Canyon &amp; took the drive through the canyon. It is a very short drive &amp; very scenic.If we went back to Las Vegas, we would definitely stay at the Four Seasons again.	
Jan 15 2009 	Way too expensive	The Four Season was very nice. However, EVERYTHING is EXPENSIVE and they nickle and dime you till you get armed and legged! The staff was just OK.	
Jan 10 2009 	Average hotel	It is an ok hotel. Not worth all the money paid. Not the best Four Seasons hotel either.	
Jan 1 2009 	Best Hotel Experience in Las Vegas	We have stayed at Wynn and Bellagio and decided to try the Four Seasons .It was excellent. From the minute we arrived the services was outstanding. Love Vegas and it was nice to stay in a hotel where there was no lines, no smoke and the staff attended to our every need. The Veranda Resturant is one of the best kept secrets. Went for dinner and food was great and we were shocked at the reasonable prices. The spa and the Sunday brunch are a do not miss. We are truely spoiled and will never stay any where else. We can't wait to go back!!!	
Dec 11 2008 	A top hotel should ever be perfect	Someone will disagree with my review, but my point is that an hotel should be reviewed regarding how luxurious it is (pretends to be) and how pricey it is.While I can easily give a 5* to a 60$ nt motel showing itself surprisingly nice and clean with courteous staff and forgive some minor issues, the same issues can never be forgiven in a top class hotel.I reserved a three nights stay (stay longer promo - 3rd night free) in a one bedroom suite. Rate was 650$ per night.Check-in was perfect, staff absolutely amazing, a massive lobby well-appointed, and an upgrade to a sunrise/sunset suite. The suite was absolutely perfect (about 1500 sq f.), an entry foyer with a large secondary bathroom and a very large living room. Living room has 3 floor to ceiling windows, on 3 different sides (this suite covers more than 180° view, being on the far end of the floor/building).A walk-in closet, large bathroom with lots of amenities, bedroom. A kitchenette. 2 lcd tv (living room/bedroom). Nothing to say about the suite, but keep in mind it's rated 1800$ per night (!). Now, let's talk about issues. After check-in hotel requested a 1300$ authorization on my credit card, more than my final bill (I payed 1st night yet and 3rd was free). Maybe in US everyone normally has 5-6 credit cards, but in Italy (I think I could say in Europe) this is not usual, and an authorization remains as a lowered availability for 45 days. Luckily I have 2 c.c. with large availability, but a 2700$ charge (1300$ authorization, 650+taxes payed as 1st night and 650+taxes on check-out) was quite heavy. Not an issue but a wrong (imho) hotel policy.On final bill I found 15$ &quot;business center charge&quot;. They said &quot;it's for parcels you've received here&quot; (great service for this). I will never argue for a 15$ charge on a more than 1k$ bill and I didn't complain at all, but I think every charge should be showed before. I e-mailed the hotel asking for the possibility of receiving parcels, they answered &quot;Yes,no problem&quot;, but never talked about charge. Anyway, not important.No tv in bathroom, no jacuzzi. I can easily survive shaving in the morning without watching tv, and without bubbles too, but I found tvs in bathroom in the most part of major hotel strip (Media suite at MB, normal room at THE hotel, salon suite at Wynn, Fortuna suite at Palazzo, one bedroom suite at Palms Place, normal room at Trump, you just have to choose. That rooms are all rated 1/2 to 1/10 than sunrise/sunset at FS) and same about jacuzzi, so it's hard to think a 1800$ nt suite doesn't have this stuff.I used internet tv access for a fee 1st day (and others). Wireless keyboard didn't work. I informed immediately front desk about it, but keyboard was not changed during my stay. Luckily, I found another one in bedroom 2nd day and I used that. 2nd sink in bathroom didn't work (water didn't flow at all). I informed front desk only on check-out, but it's hard to think a sink become obstructed in a day, and no one informed front desk about this before. Anyway, it's possible.On 2nd day I used trash bin under sink in kitchenette (coffee filter, sugar pack, paper). The next day, after housekeeper cleaned room, trash bin was still full (I would say I tipped 10$ every morning, I'm a very organized person and room was generally very tidy when I went out every morning, so this shouldn't be an issue). On 1st day, I had my coffee in a cup (two were in the kitchen). Housekeeper took it but didn't replace. On 2nd day I had my coffee in the second cup. On 3rd day, I didn't have my coffee because there were no cups left (never replaced). That's all. Maybe they're not big issues (I've said it). But I asked myself what I would have thinked, after paying 1800$ nt for a suite, finding a full trash bin reentering in room and other things noted (and my 1400$ total for 3 nts weren't that bad too to deserve this...).	
Dec 8 2008 	Blah	Based on the reviews from Trip Advisor, I decided to book this hotel for one night prior to catching a return flight home. I really can not see why Four Seasons is rated number one in Vegas. After booking directly with the Four Seasons reservations, I called twice to ask them to email my confirmation and am still waiting for someone to send it. We arrived at the hotel which does have a beautiful entrance &amp; foyer and were upsold another room for $150 more per night. It is Vegas, so decide to see what an extra $150 gets you. Disappointment followed as we arrived at the &quot;suite&quot;. Old fashioned furniture, lumpy sofa bed, parking lot view, $5 per bottle of room temperature water. We knew this was a waste of money so called the front desk to let them know we were unhappy. I expected to be offered another room within the $600 per night range but they offered us our original $450 rate per night room, with a view. We decided to move to our original booked deluxe room. The room is small and adequate. Two double beds, desk, TV &amp; small bathroom. Similar in size and amenities to any Hilton or Sheraton. Our view was of the same parking lot but from another angle, tiny strip view &amp; a fantastic view of theHotel, where I wished I was staying by this time. We could have stayed at Mandalay Bay, in a newly renovated suite, at double the size for $100 less than the $450 rate we were paying. It was too late to check out as we would have been charged for one night. As another reviewer stated it is a regular Four Seasons Hotel with no W O W!!! factor in sight. Anyone with a little bit of research on Trip Advisor and visiting the hotel websites directly can get fantastic value for money in Vegas and be treated like royalty without the nonchalant attitude of the Four Seasons. Considering that it is 2008 and every hotel has internet, it is a personal pet peeve of mine to be charged to access it. Four Seasons charge $15.00 per day for slow, interrupted service. We had booked the bed &amp; breakfast package which is a $59 credit towards your breakfast in the room or in the Veranda restaurant. We ordered breakfast in the room which arrived promptly. The food was well presented, hot &amp; delicious. Upon checking out, the breakfast was not on the bill so I told them I would expect the charge to appear later on my credit card. The receptionist returned my credit card and I said Thanks and walked away. No printout was given to me. So I still do not know how much I paid for the night. Outside the hotel we asked for a cab to the airport &amp; they kindly took us to the airport in their courtesy car. I found the bellmen, driver &amp; room service staff to be helpful &amp; courteous but would not book this Four Seasons again as I was expecting something to warrant the TripAdvisor number 1 rating and could not find it.	
Dec 5 2008 	In love with this place...	We arrived at 1 AM from JFK and it was just fantastic feeling to know that we are staying a great place like this hotel! The only minor issue we had was that the person next door (room 39218) was SMOKING at 2 AM and the smoke that came through the connecting door woke me up. Other than that, it was a great place and it really spoiled us for Vegas since I don't think we will ever stay in any other place!	
Dec 2 2008 	Fantastic Stay!	Recently stayed here on our first stop of our round the world trip. We received amazing customer service and stayed in a great strip-view room. The hotel was quiet and relaxing, which was great to get back to after visiting the loud and bright vegas strip! Breakfast was delicious. We had a helicopter trip to the grand canyon at sunset while there, which was simply outstanding! This hotel is highly recommended and we would definately stay here again.	
Nov 29 2008 	Four Seasons LV is the best Hotel in Las Vegas	This is the second time this year I have stayed at the Four Seasons Las Vegas and as always I loved it.I was greeted immediatly upon arrival and introduced by the Bell person to the front desk Lady as a repeat Customer.I had an event to attend to so the Front desk was able to immediately get me into my room which in my opinion was excellant service.One night there was a horrible odor in my room which came from the room next to me and after 1 phone call someone came up and sprayed and I was assured that if the smell did not disappear they would move me to another room. Thanks to Alex at the Front desk.I had 2 lovely breakfasts at Verandah, was waited on and pampered by Heidi- ask for her she was great.The weekend breakfast buffet was wonderfull well worth the $35.00 per person.	
Nov 22 2008 	Standard city Four Seasons	All the reviews on here are glowing and accurate. Everything you come to expect from Four Seasons. Staff are perfect in every interactions and are really what make this hotel special. Rooms are nice but very standard FS business hotel room, nothing really special or wow about the room but everything perfectly in place.	
Nov 16 2008 	Class in Las Vegas	The Four Seasons has an understated elegance which is rare in this flashy town. The atmosphere is relaxing. There is little glamour and glitz, but the calm luxury is very welcome. The rooms are spacious and comfortable.	
Nov 15 2008	Pure Heaven	I've stayed at the Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian. And once we stayed at the Four Seasons, we had no reason to ever stay anywhere else.This place is pure heaven. The pool is divine. Special kudos to the pool staff who are ever cheerful and eager to please -- no matter the request. The view from the rooms down the Vegas strip is breathtaking. Housekeeping is perfect. Everything is perfect.After 3 trips to Four Seasons we still cannot wait for our next one.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great oasis on the Strip	Great hotel with fantastic rooms, beautiful common areas and great customer service - everything that you would expect from a Four Seasons. We loved having a quiet retreat from the chaos of the Strip. It's also convenient to have amenities of the Mandalay Bay - we took advantage of the tram that left from there and the wave pool.	
Nov 6 2008 	Service was just unbelievable	From the moment we arrived at this hotel, we were made to feel special. The Four Seasons is the top 5 floors of the Mandaley Bay hotel, but with your own reception and no fuit machines in the lobby. If you want all the action you just getthe lift to a different floor and you come out in the Mandalay Bay. You can use all the facilities of the MB including the pool which we thought we would use a lot. But once we had been to our own pool, we never ventured from there again. You have towels laid on the bed for you and iced water placed next to you, this is constantly changed as it melts in the heat. A lady came round to clean our sunglasses and then we were offered a fruit kebab, another time an ice drink and another time 'Evian' spritzer on our face. It was not over the top it was just right, even when we got into our car there were little touches like 2 bottles of cold water. Could not fault this hotel one bit - we are now 'Four Seasons' converts.	
Nov 5 2008 	Relaxing Vegas!	If you are looking for a relaxing resort and not the typical Strip vibe--this is the place. As soon as you enter the driveway, it gets quiet and you step into an elegant resort unlike any of the other hotels on the strip; which always appear crowded. The Verandah restaurant was nice for breakfast especially on the outdoor balcony. We really liked the smaller pool area--we spent a full day there and found the staff to be wonderful. Everyone at the Concierge desk was really top notch. Highly commend them. If choosing this hotel, consider that as it is the southernmost hotel on the strip--you may need to use cabs to get to the north strip. We also took the monorail part of the way up the strip. The hotel has a car that is sometimes available for use.This was our first visit to Vegas, we were unsure about our visit because we don't gamble-- and were looking for a relaxing vacation with shows and good food and a visit to Hoover Dam. We had a great time and would go back. Not sure if we would have felt the same, had we not stayed at the Four Seasons.	
Nov 2 2008 	The Only Place To Stay In Vegas	I have stayed at all the top end hotels in Vegas (except for Wynn) and this by far is the best. You can have the best of both worlds with a very relaxing time on one side (Four Seasons) and then go to the Mandaylay Bay with lots of action on the other side. If you have well behaved kids your ok here not too stuffy. The only thing missing was wireless internet, but overall this is the only place to stay in vegas.	
Nov 1 2008 	Perfect Hotel	Booked trip with Virgin holidays; flight from UK London Gatwick..delayed by a few hours.Flight staff were more interested in talking about what they were going to do when they got there rather than service the passengers..plus they looked in the most part like they had just left school and should be with an adult. Food was BAD, one glass of water was offered the whole trip, plus i got 1 can of drink the size of a mixer, pressing the buzzer was pointless and when people started to queue down the aisle for water they put on the seatbelt sign and made everyone sit down...Was VERY glad to get off the flight. HOWEVER this is not about the flight unless your from the UK..So onto Vegas..On arrival Virgin Holiday rep made us queue up for 5 mins then gave us a letter explaining all about the welcome meeting which we always avoid..we were then told to get a cab as they didnt do transfers, waste of time that was..Cab to the hotel was easy to sort out, a short (avoid the tunnel) trip later we arrived.Like many others we assumed the 4 seasons was a hotel alongside the Mandalay bay...well its not its the 5 floors ABOVE it..??!!We were welcomed in a warn friendly way, helped with bags and were made to feel special.. Check in was fast, we were offered a bigger room at $175 a night more but declined. We were taken straight to the room and it was ready, but then we did arrive 4 hours late.. We have stayed at several of the best hotels in Vegas and this has the edge on being smaller, friendlier and generally MUCH BETTER than any of the others. The only other hotel which I would ever consider would be the Venetian which has much larger rooms.. The Four Seasons has its own entrance, no casino, it's own pool, etc., but guests have access to all of Mandalay Bay's amenities.It has a spa and a restaurant which we ate in and found to be very good.A private lift to the Casino gave access to the Mandalay bay and all the shops..My wife says that although the shops were very similar to each other in the hotels Caesars palace were the best.Getting around..There is a train that goes to the Luxor and Excalibur.From the Excalibur cross over to the New York then to the MGM via the a couple of walk ways over the roads. From the MGM there is another train that goes the length of the strip and right to the convention centres. This train you have to pay for and its worth getting a pass. I would like to point out that our room at the 4 seasons was SPOTLESS, the room was cleaned every day, clothes that we left out were folded...The bathroom stock of shampoo etc was added to every day and we had loads of towels.We ordered room service twice, it was on time, hot and good, plus not expensive..frankly the 4 seasons is a place where you can have a lovely quiet, relaxing holiday...trust me you notice it when you open the door to the Mandalay bay and see and hear the difference.checkout was fast, no queue at all..taxi to airport simple..Decided to get a burger in the airport and so not rely on the flight food, just as well I did...it looked like a bowl of cat sick in a tin tray, it was probably the worst food I have had on a flight since a trip to Larnaca with Cyprus Air. All in all, hated the flight...everything about it, seats, food, staff everything...however we loved the hotel and would happily stay here again...but next time fly with BA and AA ..	
Oct 29 2008 	Oasis	The Four Seasons promotes itself as an &quot;oasis&quot; amidst the hustle and bustle (tackiness?) of the Strip. I am pleased to report it is exactly that. The hotel occupies the upper six floors of the Mandalay Bay. It has its own entrance, lobby, pool, spa, etc. You would not know you were on the Strip, yet to get to the action all you do is push the &quot;C&quot; on the private elevator bank. You are delivered to a private alcove in the Mandalay lobby just steps from the casino.The room I had (deluxe) was roomy and quiet. Breakfast could be taken outdoors or in, in a restaurant just off the lobby. A good steak house (Charlie Palmer's is there also). The service, as you expect, is top notch. No nickel and diming. The gym is quite complete and you get access to the spa's locker room and steam bath. As for the pool..........what was the last time someone asked if they could clean your sunglasses? You get the idea. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Shoddy housekeeping	This spring I stayed at the Four Seasons Maui while writing a book. It was pure heaven in every respect. Because of my good fortune, I wanted to share the &quot;Four Seasons&quot; experience with my husband as he has to stay at Marriott's for business. This trip was for my business, but we had planned a little romantic escape. It is Vegas, after all.When we checked in, the valets came running and the check in went smoothly. We were told we were upgraded. I had purchased a three night stay through Hotels.com because they had a buy two nights get one free offer that was too good to pass up.When we got to the room, it seemed small and we weren't sure what the upgrade was. But, what kept my attention was the bathroom. I kept looking at spots on the floor -- especially around the commode. We were tired from travel and went to the Charlie Palmer Steakhouse, which was very nice.The hotel was very relaxed and very clean in the public areas. It is, indeed, an oasis from the Las Vegas casino atmosphere. The next morning as we got dressed to go to some meetings, the spots in the bathroom kept bothering me, so I wiped at them and it was evident there had been a male guest with poor aim that housekeeping failed to clean up after. I left some spots for a manager to look at, too, as there were plenty. My husband went to the front desk to tell them about the dirty bathroom and was told they'd send a note to housekeeping.Mind you, we did not say that there were no towels. We told them that there was urine from the previous guest on the bathroom floor. So, I started looking around and found nuts and crumbs on the carpet. I moved an ottoman and there was a peanut. It became clear that the room had been changed but not cleaned. We just hoped that the sheets had been changed.We called the front desk again and asked for a manager to come and look at what we were looking at. A manager did come and was very responsive and said we'd be moved, which we were to a slightly nicer, but much cleaner, room. We also were sent a small dessert and a note from the housekeeping manager. Frankly, we should have been moved immediately when my husband went to the desk and not after a second call so that the manager could come view the debris of the previous guest.On leaving, I was asked about my stay and I replied that it was OK. Then, a manager was called to give her apologies. This is what really left a sour note. I told her I was disappointed by the initial reaction that the bathroom had not been cleaned. She asked me why I waited a day to call and report it. I told her that I kept thinking there was no way that would be urine on the floor -- this was the Four Seasons, after all, surely that can't be. I didn't mention that I was extremely tired because I had been in the emergency room the night before with my parents who were in a car accident.So, instead of apologizing and letting me go on my way, she put the responsibility for my unclean room back on me. That's when I became angry at this situation. I just spent a lot of money to have a &quot;Four Seasons Experience&quot; and had to walk on the urine and crumbs of the previous guest -- and maybe sleep on their sheets. Ugh. And somehow this was my fault -- because I didn't point out their inadequacies sooner?Instead of filling out a comment card, I wrote the manager of the Four Seasons Worldwide. I got a response within an hour of my email and my stay was refunded. I was asked if I wanted to stay again at the Las Vegas Four Seasons, which I didn't because I won't be traveling there again. I would have preferred a stay at another Four Seasons location, but was told that the offer was non-transferrable. So, in the end...the very end... I was repaid with money. But what 's more valuable is my time. I would have preferred another stay at another Four Seasons because I am 1 and 1 with the Four Seasons. One stay was great, one was nasty.	
Oct 21 2008	Four Seasons is where it's at	First, to those who are wondering, the Four Seasons is not a stand-alone hotel. The Four Seasons is basically the top five floors of the Mandalay Bay property. The Four Seasons has its onw entrance, no casino, it's own pool, etc., but guests have access to all of Mandalay Bay's amenities.The room was fantastic, but what clinched it for me was the price: we were able to take advantage of a &quot;3 nights for the price of 2&quot; promotion! Huge TV, beautiful bathroom, view to die for, comfortable bed, etc. I've stayed at the Wynn and the Venetian and the Four Seasons was every bit as good, for a more reasonable price (with promotion).Top-class service, from beginning to end. Loved the Spa, too.I would recommend this hotel to ANYONE!! ...but check on-line for special promotions before you book.	
Oct 20 2008 	The Best of the best in Vegas	This was the fourth time we stayed in this place and everytime it has been perfect. There has not been a single complaint and yes, it is a relaxing place to stay in the midst of the hustle and bustle of the casino hotels. The pool is just great and besides that you can use all the facilities in Mandalay Bay. The pool attendents are some of the best all around.The food is awsome but avoid the steakhouse at it is nothing special for the price. Try the M. Bay restaurants.Rooms are roomy and ahhh the beds.......In summary, the best you can find for comfort and easy access to M. Bay casinos and other facilities (in some ways, even easier to access than M. Bay rooms).	
Oct 19 2008 	Don't think we can stay anywhere else	My husband and I planned a 6 night 7 day trip to Vegas for our 1st anniversary and my birthday Sept 28 - Oct 4. I used this website to pick a hotel and while it was more than I had originally planned to spend, the 3rd night free was a deal too good to pass up for the quality of the Four Seasons. Right from check-in, we were pleasantly surprised. The staff who checked us in walked us to the elevator to show us around. When we arrived there was a happy anniversary cake and card waiting for us. Our room overlooked the pool and mountains. You could see a part of the airport but I only heard a plane once, not inconvienient. Bed was as good as our Sterns here at home. The furniture was nice and heavy, very well made. Loved the understated &quot;feels like home&quot; not overwhleming decor and the fresh flowers around the property were amazing. Toiletries were rich and abundant. Turndown service was comforting w/ water at our bedside, soothing music, and nice slippers. I called one day for extra bar soap, explaining that it wasn't needed until evening time and within 10 minutes two bars were delivered to our room with a smile. The same soap sold in the gift shop for $9.00 a bar! Pool was beautiful and true to reviews the staff was perfect. Drinks were not too pricey $10.00 crown and worth it. I even got spritzed, just like the reviews say! I was a little skeptical about this but what the heck, I had to do as part of the FS experience. They also sent up a cake for my birthday and when chamber staff saw it was uneaten, sent up a 2nd one the next day, so we could enjoy a fresh cake when we were ready for it. Great friends from work called up and ordered chocolate covered strawberries for my birthday and a card. They were perfect and they mentioned how sweet the staff was on the phone. We had bruch at the Verandah on Saturday and it was over $90.00 for 2 including tip. Pricey and while the food was good, the breakfast at Mandalay Bay was just as good. Every staff member was warm and friendly beyond expectations. The price overall was worth it and my husband now doesn't even want to try out the Wynn or Bellagio which we'd heard so much about. BTW since this hotel is on Mandalay Bay property I'd like to mention the casino staff who was excellent as well. We left some pics from the Stratosphere on the casino floor and realized it the next day and they had been turned into lost and found and were back in our hands after eating lunch. All in all a perfect trip. I will say this, FS is a hell of a walk even w/ monorail, and tram service from Excalibur/Luxor. So get comfortable shoes or be prepared to shell out a heck of a lot for taxis. The deuce was worth it for Fremont St. but the wait seemed too long for daily use. I'm now obsessed with Vegas and we'll be back every 4 months or so.	
Oct 17 2008 	By far the best	Having read all the previous reviews I was a little unsure of how this hotel could possibly live up to the high standards I was expecting - it delivered 100%.We stayed at the Four Seasons Vegas for 6 nights in September 08 followed by a 6 night stay at the Tower Suites Wynn and there was really no contest. The Four Seasons was by far the most pleasant stay we have spent in Vegas - I would put this down to 2 main factors - the people and the service. Our Strip Room was very tastefully decorated (not super flashy or oversized but perfect for our requirements). The registration and concierge services were extremely polite and helpful. The pool was perfect - a nice size with amazing pool staff who catered for our every need from constant iced water and evian face spritzing to smoothies and popsicles. The service was provided in a totally non-intrusive and professional manner by staff who appeared to care about whether you were enjoying your stay - and without any snob factor - every single guest was made to feel special.We have stayed at numerous other hotels on the strip - Mandalay Bay &amp; The Hotel, Bellagio, Caesars, Mirage, Venetian, Wynn, MGM and I would definitely rate The Four Seasons as top of the pile. Obviously the size of the hotel allows for a more intimate and personal service - if you can afford it then it is well worth paying for.	
Oct 14 2008 	The best hotel in Las Vegas	We spent 5 days in Vegas and really enjoyed the Four Seasons. Vegas is not our typical destination, as we are not gamblers, but we need a warm place with no hurricanes for a last minute sun/pool change of scenario for our kids. They absolutely loved the Four Seasons and the pools at the Mandalay Bay (the lazy river and the wave pool), jsut across a gate. The scenario at the Mandalay was overly zoo-esque, crowded, with a mass-mentality but the kids liked it for a couple of hours and when we got overwhelmed we would go back to the private pool at the Four Seasons and truly appreciate life in luxury!Food was great, service was exceptional. Kids felt pampered and cared for, everyone chatting with them, sending complimentary ice-cream, etc. Bed and pillows were unbelievable. Rooms are nice and big.Great little vacation!	
Oct 14 2008	Great but not amazing...	This was my first trip to Vegas, so at the outset you should realize I have nothing to compare to in terms of other hotels on the strip. I gave the hotel 5 blobs, as TripAdvisor describes 4 blobs as &quot;Above Average&quot;. It's certainly far better than that, but I guess a 4.5 would be my ideal vote!Being on top of the Mandalay Bay hotel, you really do get to see the 2 extremes of Vegas hotels. At MB they have, I guess, up to 20 check-in desks and a queuing system. You go through a turnstile to get to the MB pool area. At the FS, we were greeted from the taxi, whisked through to reception, and checked-in in no time. We arrived around 12.30, so the room wasn't ready, but they called our cell about 30 mins later, and by the time we got back all our bags were in the room waiting for us. The decor in the public areas of the FS is classy without being over the top. The rooms are also great, though not amazing. The bed was comfy, but I wouldn't buy one, like other reviewers have suggested. The toiletries by L'occitaine are nice, though in the end a note had to be left for the maid since she always forgot to leave any shower gel. The room had a strip view, and true enough, it was a great view. You could also see the airport, but never really heard anything. The shower was great, the TV was huge and actually had a TV program guide that worked, and nothing was ever heard from the neighbors.The pool area was slightly disappointing for a hotel of this standard. On the upside, the service was great, although the much-vaunted spraying of Evian, sunglass cleaning etc was a little regimented. Each service happened once a day, at fairly specific times, so it felt less spontaneous then it could of. I know that sounds snobby on my part, but plenty of hotels in the Far East pull off this type of service with much more subtlety. Anyway, the pool itself is very average. At a place like this, I'd expect something a little more fancy, like an infinity pool, or at least have something that's edgeless. Instead this is a very average pool, with a depth of 3.5-4.0ft all round. The MB “beach” is never far away, so some of the noise creeps up from there sometime, especially later in the day when the music starts. It’s never too intrusive though. The pool food was a bit pricy, as were the drinks, but this is a Four Seasons, so it's to be expected, and the food and service was always perfect.The only food tried out was breakfast, which was great. A la carte on one day, and the buffet the next. Never did make it to the gym, but did try out the eucalyptus steam rooms, and they were great. On reflection, I wish I'd started every day in there, followed by a shower in the fully-equipped locker rooms.So, all in all, the Four Seasons is a great hotel, and for all I know, infinitely better than the rest of them on the strip – I’d be wary if staying anywhere else in Vegas now, but also intrigued to see how good (or bad) some of the other hotels are. Certainly if you’re looking for a more personal service, and are not planning on spending $1000’s in the casinos, then the Four Seasons is a great option.	
Oct 5 2008 	An Oasis of Elegance	The Four Seasons Las Vegas is both upscale and elegant . The staff could not be nicer. Housekeeping is unobtrusive and helpful. The facility is beautiful. We were upgraded upon our arrival to a Premier Strip View Room. The floor to ceiling, wall to wall, view was awesome. The pool is relatively small, but there was more than enough room for all the guests. At the pool, The Hotel provides free ices. For the Lazy River, the Wave Pool, and much better people watching go to The Mandelay Bay Pool which is just next door, and it only requires that you utilize your Four Seasons room key. The Charlie Palmer Steak Restaurant in the Four Seasons was excellent and reasonably priced.Do NOT have breakfast at The Mandelay Bay.The layout is poor, the lines are long, the food is horribly presented, and the service needs improvement. Instead spend the extra money, and go to Verandah Restaurant in The Four Seasons. The Hotel does not provide van service to the airport, but out taxi cost only $16 including a good tip. The taxi is a good way toget to the airport.Now here are two things we didn't like. 1)The location of The Hotel is far from the main drag on South Las Vegas Blvd. It is more or less isolated unless you want to utilize the far lesser nearby hotels (Mandelay Bay, The Luxor, or The Excalibur). 2) The Hotel's computer service costs a dollar a minute. You might be able to use a computer through your television for less, but we didn't try. It is a good idea to have your boarding passes ready prior to leaving for the airport, and the concierge will gladly print the passes for you. We had a wonderful vacation at The Four Seasons, and we plan to return next year.	
Oct 4 2008	Wonderful	If you enjoy the Vegas glitz but dont want to stay in it, 4 Seasons on the top floors of the Mandalay is a perfect base. Discreet, excellent service, courteous, excellent concierge. Only gripe, the music at the pool needs to play a different selection of music each day; did get to the point where you could tell time of day by CD being played. Large, comfortable bedrooms and fabulous bathroom.	
Oct 3 2008 	refined haven in the desert	Dont be put off by the 'lack of gaming' the four seasons is the top 4 floors of the mandalay bay hotel. So in essence you are right on top of the casino. Get in the lift and be at the blackjack tables in 5 minutes.This was my main concern when staying, but being a frequent FS guest they very rarely get it wrong. Smart lobby, attentive staff, lovely rooms on the top so a brilliant view, if you can wangle a upgrade to the strip view... do it, its worth it, but probably not worth the extra $400 a night they are asking for.I was there at xmas so the pool wasnt in use, but it looks great for summer. Nicely suprised by the champagne bottle in my room on NY eve, nice touch.Costs a little more than the other places on the strip, but amazing to escape the mayhem of vegas and take a deep breathe for a moment...&quot;ahh im at the fours seasons :)&quot;!	
Oct 2 2008 	AMAZING!!	I have to say that if you are ever going to Vegas, this is the place to stay!!! We were looked after sooo well!! We were travelling with a baby and we were upgraded about 5 times into a room on the top floor and then we had our baby who was 13 mths and they did everything, from bottle warmers, baby genies, play pen, and even a present for her a bear to take with us... Also, they had arrival platters of food and we have allergies, so it was not easy and they catered totally for us!! We were soo happy!! Nothing was a problem!! I think it was a little bit more expensive than everywhere else, but it was worth it!! I would definitely stay here again and the facilities, the service, it was the highlight of our european/usa 5 week holiday!! We are coming back very soon and would never stay any where else!! Also, must mention was a bit scepticle, but had a look around in vegas and did not regret our choice, not far from everything and great room, outstanding service and fantastic facilities!!	
Sep 26 2008	Amazing Oasis !	We loved the Four Seasons Las Vegas. This place is so peaceful that you forget you're actually in Vegas.We were upgraded to an amazing suite at apx 1200 sq ft of space with amazing views of the strip ..wow! The staff were very professional and helpful! If I go back to Vegas, I know where to stay! Thanks FS for another amazing experience!	
Sep 25 2008 	Best kept secret in Vegas	The Four Seasons in Vegas advertises itself as an oasis in Vegas. I could not agree more. The staff, service, food and environment is one of the nicest I have stayed in the U.S. If you want a break from the strip but still want to be close enough to visit this is the hotel for you.	
Sep 25 2008 	A Sanctuary Amidst the Chaos	We just returned from a 4 day stay during which we married at one of the local chapels. This resort is exactly as represented – a perfect respite from the Vegas madness. The service is top-notch with extreme attention to detail. The rooms are beautifully appointed and cleaned several times a day, yet the maids are rarely ever seen. We worked out in the incredible gym (best hotel gym I’ve ever seen) and our room was already cleaned by the time we returned at 9.30 or 10 am. The view down the strip (we had room 36131) was incredible. The pool is excellent, if a bit undersized. The service at the pool was also excellent. The concierge desk was outstanding and highly informative. They arranged dinner reservations, show tickets, golf and other things and did so with consistent enthusiasm and grace. They followed up to see if we enjoyed ourselves at the events they had arranged. At one point, we arranged a town car to take us to the courthouse to fill out the marriage application (a few days before the wedding). The car was 15 minutes late and when I notified the concierge about the late arrival (we had another appointment later that day and were pressed for time), they comp’d the town car, a $75 expense, and I hadn’t even asked them to do so. The senior concierge said, this is the Four Seasons Las Vegas, and if it’s not perfect, then there is no charge!” This was just typical of the incredible service this hotel provides. We also had spa services, which were outstanding as well and the spa itself is lovely. We are not huge fans of Vegas overall and this was our first trip to Vegas and we went specifically to get married and to enjoy this hotel. We will probably return just because we loved this hotel so much and, or course, because we were married in Vegas!	
Sep 25 2008 	Enjoyed the Four Seasons experience especially in Las Vegas!	We go to Las Vegas twice a year for a business meeting, and stay at some of the nicer hotels: Bellagio, Wynn, Signature Towers, THE Hotel, and now Four Seasons. I think we will be back here, especially with the online special that allowed us to upgrade to a strip view room. At first, I didn't think the view was that special, but at different times of the day and night, it was very beautiful to see how the buildings were lit and the mountains in the distance.I spent some R&amp;R at the pool, and appreciated the ability to go to Mandalay's pool to &quot;people watch,&quot; and then return to the tranquility of the Four Season's pool area. And talk about attentive service! At one point, the place was so busy that three managers in suits were assisting with picking up towels, serving food, refreshing ice water pitchers. The team didn't miss a beat and I was impressed how they all worked together, whether they were lifeguards, wait staff, or hotel managers.We had a nice lunch upon check-in at the Verandah, and a fantastic dinner at Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse. We thought Tommy was a great bartender, but be sure you seek Scotty for assistance with selecting wine. He does a great job as he knows the small Italian vintners on the menu. I much preferred this ambience over that of other steakhouses like Prime and SW.This is a non-traditional Las Vegas hotel, by that I mean no gambling, no crowds, no lines, no buffets, no themes, ... but you can get all of that through the connections with Mandalay Bay. We've been to Vegas enough that we don't need to partake in some of this other excess, so Four Seasons was ideal.	
Sep 24 2008	It is what it is...	It is a Four Seasons. And it delivers well the Four Seasons level of quality, and at rates that are a bargain compared to other global FS properties. Great staff, comfortable and well-appointed furnishings, and a discreet and quiet atmosphere. It is what it is though...a classic Four Seasons atmosphere smack dap in the middle of boom boom Las Vegas. I find it to be a perfect place for this reason, in giving one a reprieve from the Vegas experience of the long-lines, long-walks, and loud atmosphere that the big luxury casino hotels all suffer from. But the secret of the Four Seasons is that it is connected to the Mandalay Bay through a well hidden door - so if you want a bit of the casino action it is as easy as an elevator ride to the second floor and three steps out through this magic door. Thus, it is my hotel of choice when having to be in Sin City and if defined in one sentence it might be &quot;The best of both worlds.&quot;The Scorpion	
Sep 23 2008 	Four Seasons just OK	We booked our stay for 5 nights from 14th September after reading the reviews and were realy looking forward to it.We were however less than impressed. OK the Four Seasons is all about service but we didn't find the service to be particularly better than other hotels we have stayed at, that said we didn't use the pool area, which seems to be the main thing people rave about, but to be honest we didn't think it looked very nice especially after staying at the Bellagio on previous visits to Vegas, the pool area there is stunning. We had a strip view suite which again wasn't as good as the Bellagio suite (no bathroom TV, electric drapes etc) . We find that we appreciate the afore mentioned details far more than having our slippers placed on a mat at turndown (no chocolate either). We didn't care for the location at all, as easy walking distance only gets you as far as the Mandaley Bay, Luxor and Excaliber non of which are to our taste. We also found it a little dull and boring. That said the vallet parking guys and the lack of queues were a definite plus. We did however check-out after 3 days.	
Sep 20 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed for 5 days as part of our visit to California/Nevada. Booked with a website called Lowcostlasvegas.com with no problems.Arrived on the Sunday about 4ish, check-in was a 5 minute easy welcome and refreshing compared to the usual LV hotel queues. Went to our bedroom and incredibly the room had not been made up from the previous guests stay! I immediately informed reception &amp; within 5 mins the Asst Manager was escorting us to a new room. Due to the above mistake we were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite which was without doubt truly great. During our stay it was our 18th anniversary and we were left a bottle of champagne and a cake, which was a nice touch.The hotel itself is very,very good. An oasis of serenity in Las Vegas which is truly unusual. Good pointsThe rooms are spacious and very well finished.The toiltiries (Bulgari), bed linens, tv's, furnishings are superb.The spa &amp; fitness facilities are very goodThe hotel is immaculate, clean and always smells niceThe Verandah restaurant is very goodOverall an excellent choiceBad pointsNone	
Sep 19 2008 	Calm quality and class	Stayed at the Four Seasons for 4 nights following a 4 night stay in the Bellagio.A massive difference in calm quality and class was apparant. The check in took 1 minuite of total attentive staff instead of 30. Our bags were whisked away and were with us in minutes.Very nice rooms situated within the Mandalay Bay but not quite the expected 5 star ,more like a 4 star.The pool area was a dream you were totally pampered by very attentive staff with sunglass cleaning, Evian face spray, cold towls &amp; endless supplies of iced water and ice cream all complementary. Lovely friendly staff who couldnt do enough for you.Hotel decor in public areas is up to the four seasons high standard and has class written all over it.It was good to have the access to the madness that is the Mandalay Bay resort hotel and when you have had enough to go through your own dedicated entry door to the sublime calm and quality of the Forur Seasons.Location is not the best on the strip but access to the busier parts is easy using the free tram which takes you to the Luxor and Excaliber.Some noise fro the airport but not enough to spoil the stay.	
Sep 10 2008	Magnificent	We arranged our trip for our 20th wedding anniversary. The hotel asked us if we were celebrating any event, we said yes, obviously. Upon arrival we were treated very well and congratulated on our anniversary. We were upgraded to the strip view rooms and within an hour we were brought a lovely chocolate mousse cake with a happy anniversary piping. We were also left fruit and a large bottle of water. Every day we were left fruit thereafter.The in room entertainment is a step above other hotels with an ipod player and charger and a TV system to die for.The hotel has no casino, accordingly peace and quiet is everywhere. The hotel rooms are atop of the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino floors 35 through 39.We can thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 5 2008 	Excellent Enclave - You Can RELAX in Vegas!	As noted in several reviews, this is an oasis in busy Las Vegas. Stayed with friends from France, and we actually became so comfortable with the room, pool, spa and restaurant we had trouble to pull ourselves away. We finally figured it out - wake mid morning, breakfast on the Veranda, then poolside (great service at every turn, try the Miami Vice or Mojito varieties), massage, walk next door to the wave pool for 30 minutes with the teenager, then late in the afternoon leave the pool for dinner and shows. The hotel really feels exclusive and clubby, you can't help but feel a little above it all (literally - top floors) and you pick and choose when you wish to indulge in the Vegas &quot;mass attractions&quot; ;-) Highly recommended, and I've stayed in many casino hotels in LV, but none have this level of comfort, seclusion, and service. This is a great hotel for folks with teens. Our 17 year old boy may have gone astray with more available attractive nuisances! PS we had a really excellent dinner at the restaurant in the &quot;Eiffel Tower &quot;of the Paris hotel/casino, our French friends were amazed to find the duck (canard) superior to any in France!	
Sep 3 2008 	great hotel	great hotel, excellent service, a bit too far down the strip.	
Aug 31 2008 	Not perfect but most likely one of the top hotels in the USA.	I have stayed in this hotel multiple times. On my recent check in, the hotel informed me that they cancelled my reservation, and that they were full. When I requested both the Hotel General manager, and called american express they did relent, and charge my Amex and give me an upgraded room. However, as Amex had zero record of declining anything, and the hotel didn't have any record of contacting anyone, I'd reccomend anyone with reservations call the hotel the day of arrival and make sure someone didn't screw something up.Beyond this, this is truly adult fantasy land. Any request that you would make (as long as it's legal) would most likely be acted with pleasure. My wife was talking in the pool, saying that it was unusual to be thirsty standing in a pool of water. Within 3 mins, there was a glass of icewater in her hands. The rooms are a similar layout to the Mandalay bay, but the place is immaculate, the &quot;Magic&quot; icebucket is almost always cold and full. The Spa is small but extremely nice, and the Verandah is on par with just about any restaruant in Las Vegas. (Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner)Pet Friendly.	
Aug 31 2008 	This is pure luxury supreme service welcoming and just fantastic!!!	Firstly, we also stayed at the Wynn whilst in Vegas, which was fantastic but this Hotel is the best hotel of all time!!!!!! We were on our honeymoon, which my husband and written on his internet booking, so when arriving, they had obviously noted this and congratulated us. Therewas such an air of calm at reception, I couldn't quite believe we were in Vegas! We had been automatically upgraded which was nice as we hadn't asked and then our room was just beautiful. We were so happy. A cake had been left for us (Happy Honeymoon) and a handwritten card congratulating us, which was very sweet.Bathroom was immacuately clean, luxury L'Occataine toiletries......nice touch!, Gorgeous, powerful shower, big bath, the expected fluffy towels and robes. Brilliant wardrobe space.Nice mini bar and a coffee making machine which would not normally interest us but as we were Jet Lag Disasters my husband thoroughly enjoyed is freshly brewed coffee for a caffeine fix. Again, mini bars don't normally interest us or affect our reviews but it was very good value. So, if you did fancy a treat whilst getting ready to go out, I would just help yourself, it won't break the bank.Turndown service, just makes you feel warm inside anyway when fluffy slippers are left by your bed and the laundry package to see if you would like anything cleaning, pressing or ironing for the following day. Your ice bucket would also be filled.The Verrandah Restaurant............Oh my goodness!!! This place was to die for!! Nicest breakfasts ever, total calm surroundings, lovely gentile service, the Juice of the Day were always fresh, fruity and did wake up the taste buds!! The first morning of our honeymoon, I just couldn't stop smiling, somebody (well, my husband) had transported us this Eutopia! Romantic, Serene and just fantastic.AS others have commented, the pool side service was totally unreal and didn't mean loads of tipping. We were left pretty speechless as we were chaperoned to our sunbeds, the towels were put on for us, two jugs of iced water then appeared. It didn't stop there...Evian Water was then sprayed on your face throughout the day, sombody offered to clean your sunglasses, fresh orange slices, cucumber, cold flannels (it was soooooo ho,so they were greatt!), endless supply of towels by the pool so you didnt have to dampen the ones on your bed. We were really fussed over and it was always with a smile. Poolside lunches were tasty, (which we did tip for as it's a specific service for you). We never had to ask for our water jugs to be topped up because hey were done automatically. The best!!! There were only around 50 people bathing and it was so peaceful unlike the madness at the 3 big pools, wave machine fest at te Mandalay Bay next door (which you couldn't hear but could well imagine)We did not eat here in the evening as we tried a few places in Mandalay Bay which were nice too.We didn't try the spa but the treatments did look rather amazing,Concierge were great when booking a hire car and concert tickets. Nothing was too much trouble.We loved this hotel, the location isn't brilliant if you wanted to be in the middle of the Las Vegas Bling a Ling but we didn't mind as we walked back from strip each night into what was heavenly quiet.I can't imagine anybody not liking this hotelWe were sad to leave for our road trip to Zion and Bryce but had to see some major attractions before getting too settled into that rather plush lifestyle!!	
Aug 29 2008	Simply The Best	Simply the best Hotel in Vegas, They give you the service you expect from a 5 Star resort, unlike many others where they could not care less. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left we could not find fault with anything.The Pool is top notch. - We will be back	
Aug 26 2008	SPLENDID	Our stay at the Four Seasons was fantastic and thought that it was a true oasis and would love to visit again someday. The service and attention to detail around the pool and conceirge was wonderful and also the bed was the best bed I have ever slept in . We visited other hotels in Vegas during our stay Belligio, Wynn , Ceasars Palace etc etc and every time we returned to the Four Seasons we breathed a sigh of relief saying that we had made the right decision with the choice of this wonderful hotel.......gives you the best of both worlds whilst in Vegas Both our two children loved this hotel and a great hotel choice for children whilst in Vegas, but not over run with children.	
Aug 26 2008 	far from the madding crowd!!	loved the four seasons! sanity in the mad world that is vegas!!	
Aug 26 2008	Amazing	All the compliments the other reviewers give this hotel are true, leaving little else to add. I will say that we stayed at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay as well as the Four Seasons on one trip, capping the beginning and end of a trip to the southwest. The Four Seasons absolutely blew away The Hotel. The Hotel felt like a tourist trap compared to the Four Seasons. You'll feel the difference from the moment you walk into the lobby at the Four Seasons -- it's different here. If you've got the dough, it's definitely worth it.	
Aug 25 2008 	Wonderful Hidden Gem	We originally chose the Four Seasons because it was the only dog friendly hotel that was of high standards but ended up not bringing our dog when we found out you can not leave your animal unattended in the room alone as they will come and bring your pet down to a cage while you are out. Although our little dog would have been perfectly fine lounging in the luxurious room while we were out, we did not want to break any hotel rules and opted to leave her at home. I am also sure the care she would have received would of been of high standards given all of the staff we encountered working here. After I read all of the reviews we still opted for the Four Seasons over the Wynn, Bellagio and the Venician and I am glad we did!Getting away from the noise and hustle and bustle is so nice even in Vegas. Service doesn't get any better. Upon arrival we had a cake in our room as it was our anniversary week. All service and food was wonderful and our strip view room was spotless and cozy. You never wait in lines like other hotels for check in/out, cabs or concierge duties. We walked over to Mandalay pools twice and turned around immediately realizing there was no service, no shade, no comfortable chairs and no quiet. Although the Four Seasons pool area was crowded each day, I always found a chair. I understand they are expanding the deck so more people will be able to be poolside. There is only seating for 100 and they told us there is a wait list to have a lounge chair at the pool in high season. Although, once you have established your lounging seats expect the finest service ever...cold towels, pitchers of iced-lemon water, popsicles, fresh fruit, cucumbers for the eyes, face misting, eye glass cleaning, magazines....service, service, service but never did it once feel over the top like I was being huddled over or bothered like many other 5 star properties. These servers have it down pat!The spa and gym are fabulous and the gym and locker room come as complimentary even if you do not use the spa. It is loaded up with ammenaties and state of the art equipment. The showers are excellent. You may not use your own hoel room to shower! I had six different spa treatments and all were wonderful! Heather was a fabulous massage therapist and I wish I could remember the other therapists names, they were all good. The rooms were cozy and pristine.The Verandah restaurant was wonderful for breakfast and the server Leo deserves major praise. He remembered things you liked and desired from other visits....what a memory, what excellent service he provided! Each day was a wonderful experience.Getting to the casino is a breeze, Mandalay has a lot of play just downstairs but hop in a cab for action down the street if you desire more. Also a tram will take you right to New York New York and the MGM. It really is not out of the way to go to other hotels like previously mentioned reviews. At most hotels you would use cab service for going to other strip locations anyway, especially in 107 degree weather. It boggles my mind that people complain that this hotel is out of the way. The sushi bar in the MGM is great and the Italian restaurant in the Venician is excellent. I do not remember the names. The only restaurant we were not crazy about was Shanghai in Mandalay Bay. Service was not up to par and the food was rather blah and boring for that type of restaurant. Decor was lovely however. The Four Seasons Charlie Parker restaurant was closed for renovations, otherwise we would have tried it also.I found myself retiring early to the comfort of my Four Seasons bed and hotel room nightly while my husband played into the wee hours of the morning. There is something for everyone here. There is definitely a reason why this hotel is rated number one. I guess it really isn't a secret! We will be back.	
Aug 23 2008 	Far from the madding crowd!	This hotel is consistently great!The rooms are comfy with great beds and a great view straight down the Strip.The pool service and attitude is fantastic with Eric our bartender leading the drive for excellence! The hotel is on top of Mandalay Bay and there are hidden doors to get in and out of the casino area back to sanity!One word of caution...the mini bar is not rotated so order champagne from room service as the bottle we opened was past it's best and by the time we received another one the moment had gone! Or ask them to switch out the bottles when you arrive. Hmmm... note to self for next time!This is a summer trip yearly for us, I would not bother to go in the winter as the pool is what they offer!	
Aug 23 2008 	The Best	The Best hotel I ever stayed at. Quiet and nice. Do check out private pool.	
Aug 19 2008 	Vegas Oasis	Just simply a wonderful experience. A gorgeous hotel with fantastic service. The Veranda was great, especially the weekend buffet. Time at the pool is so relaxing, the pool staff are amazing - nothing is too much trouble. The same is true of every member of staff we encountered. Spotlessly clean. Go here if you want to get spoilt rotten. A trip next door to the Mandalay Bay just highlights how good the Four Seasons is.	
Aug 18 2008	Fantastic Oasis in Vegas	The Four Seasons Las Vegas is actually part of the Mandalay Hotel. It occupies the top floors of the Mandelay but has a seperate entranceway, lobby, pool area, a fantastic health club and spa, recreation area, private parking, posh restaurants and express elevators. The Four Seasons offers serenity from the ruscus of Las Vegas. If you do feel that urge to join the Vegas madness, all of Mandalay Bay resort's offerings are available to you as well. Due to the very limited number of guests, there are no lines at check-in/check-out, no waiting in line for elevators, pool side chair availabilty is not an issue, etc.The rooms are decorated in neutral colours with plush comfortable furniture and a large 40+ inch plasma TV. Bathrooms are large with marble, a separate shower and soaking tub and water closet.Overall, a fantastic experience!!	
Aug 17 2008 	Best Ever	We were concerned when we found out the Four Seasons had no casino that the stay would be boring. We found the Four Season's service to be above all expectations starting with the greeting at the front door by the Valet. The treatment of their guests was sincere and appropriate. The hotel was quiet, yet all needs were met. Mandalay Bay is immediately next door for shopping, food, and casino wants. The Four Season's pool was wonderful. No splashing children, wonderful pool service from towels to food. The pool workers were friendly and knew our names and treated as long time friends. The Spa was the best I have ever experienced, with considerate workers and top of the line supplies. The on-site restaurant, The Veranda, had excellent breakfasts and dinners. Room service was prompt and maid service was unobserved and wonderfully done. They also provide evening turn down service that was a pleasure to return to.I would recommend Four Seasons to any traveler and plan on using their franchise again wherever I travel.	
Aug 13 2008 	Exceeded expectations!	After reading the reviews leading up to our recent stay at the Four Seasons, my thought was there is no way it will live up to it all. I was wrong. The Four Seasons blew away everyplace else we have stayed in Vegas.Arrived at 1:00. People talk about the flora scent as you walk in the lobby, wow. We figured if the room was ready great, but realistically planned to leave our bags with the bell desk, go get some lunch and come back in a couple hours. (check-in time is 3:00) They apologized that the room wasn’t ready, took my cell number and off we went. They called right at 3:00 to tell us we were good to go. When we got back they apologized again for the “inconvenience” and went ahead and upgraded our room. Calling this room an upgrade is the understatement of the century. It was more like an apartment. Quite a treat, but completely unnecessary, especially when they were technically not even late. That evening we returned to our room to find a hand written note again apologizing for the inconvenience along with some chocolates. Then again at check out they apologized about our room not being ready when we checked in. We originally figured we would wander over to the MB pool complex at some point to enjoy the lazy river, wave pool, etc. But after one walkthrough over there we never strayed from the FS pool. Everything that has been said is so true. You are walked to your choice of location, shade, sun. Padded chaise. A pitcher of water with glasses is delivered immediately. There are servers around whenever you need them, but not hovering either. We had breakfast at the pool each morning and stayed until noon. At no point were there chaises unavailable for arriving guests.The thing that I kept being reminded was how the FS is a contrast to everywhere else on the strip. Never waited more than a minute or two for a cab. Other properties had cab lines that were so insane we just walked. Never waited at check-in, check-out, or at the concierge desk (which was amazing by the way). Other properties we walked through had lines dozens of people deep checking in or out at all hours of the day. The FS is quiet and peaceful and the other properties were a zoo. All that said, you literally can be in the MB casino complex as quickly as you can walk to the front desk of FS. There is an abundance of dining and gaming options. Same with the pool, if the FS pool is too tame, you walk through a gate and are at the 11 acre MB pools.The only critique of the property is its location at the very south end of the strip. We had show tickets at Palazzo and wanted to shop at the Forum shops, but a few cab rides took care of that. In no way would that deter us from staying there again. In fact, I can’t imagine staying anywhere else after staying at the Four Seasons.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great Hotel But Room For Improvement	First off, I agree with the good reviews here. If you are looking for a get away in the middle of the craziness that is Las Vegas, you can't do better. I strongly prefer it to the Belagio and the Wynn.Having said that, a few things reminded me that we're still in Las Vegas, where things aren't always quite as polished as they are at other Four Seasons properties.None of these things would stop me from visiting again, but hopefully putting them up here will help the hotel to focus on improvements for next time around:1. Room service screwed up twice. Completely forgot a dish one time and took 30 minutes to bring it up (they did comp the meal). The second time they forgot the ponzu sauce that came with a sushi/sashimi style dish. Sounds minor, but when you're hungry you don't want to wait another 20 minutes for them to bring the sauce.2. The business center charges $60/hr to use a computer with an internet connection. I didn't have my laptop and had to take care of a few things while there. I understand charging for the service so people don't abuse it, but come on...$60/hr??? The center is run by a third party AV service, but the Four Seasons shouldn't allow them to rake guests over the coals like that. 3. One particular front desk staffer, who will remain nameless, was not all that friendly, and tried to charge us for a half day rate on our last day, even though we'd been given a 4pm checkout when we originally checked in. The staffer should have checked the room notes carefully before telling us pretty coldly that she'd charged us-- when I alerted her, she easily found the notes, but it felt like she would have been happier being able to stick us with the half day. 4. We got upgraded to a &quot;Strip View&quot; room, so I am not complaining, but note that many of the rooms on the even side of the North wing don't really have much of a Strip view. Looking straight out the window we had an airport view. Walking up to the window and craning to the left you could see the MGM...If I'd paid extra to be in that room I would not have been happy. If strip view is important to you, ask what the view is of when they assign the room at the desk.5. The TV's on the cardio machines in the fitness center were hit and miss. Some had too much static to watch, others had no sound on some channels. I know it's a minor detail, but the Four Seasons is supposed to be about paying attention to minor details, and this is one that should have been easy to see.6. My in room TV didn't play sound in the PPV movie section (menu or move). Engineering came up quickly to fix it. But they could have prevented it by having houskeeping turn on the TV and listen for sound from the movie menu system before a guest checks in. On the very positive side, everything from Valet to the food to the pool service was excellent. The pool is a real standout and the manger, Haytham, from the Four Seasons in Cairo, was very kind and helpful. Everything from the roaming Evian mist to complimentary creamsicles delivered to free sunglass cleaning makes you very glad to be at a place where someone cares that much about making you happy.The spa was quiet and nice. Didn't use the services, but showers, steam, lockers and fitness center were all very good.Having said all that, the hotel was a real value for the money. I will stay again without a second thought, but I hope that the Four Seasons management reads this and addresses some of the little issues that are keeping this hotel from being at the top of the top, rather than just outstanding.	
Aug 11 2008 	Ruined!	The Four Seasons Las Vegas has ruined me for all Las Vegas trips to come. After staying there, I'll never be able to stay at another hotel and be satisfied again. Every stellar review is spot on. The hotel is quiet and relaxing and really provides a welcome contrast to the rest of Las Vegas. Even my boyfriend, who could really care less about where we stay when we travel, had to remark that this was a completely different experience. Check in was quick and easy. No wait and prompt, courteous service. We staying a moderate room that faced the airport. There were no problems with noise whatsoever, despite seeing helicopters whiz by every few minutes. Layout of the room is typical for any hotel, with floor to ceiling windows. The large flat screen was a nice touch. I made sure to bring along some of my netflix movies for the DVD player. Bathrooms is nicely appointed with a great shower. There was only one sink in the bathroom, but with such a large counter, it didn't create a problem. Robes are nice and fluffy and perfect to lounge around in. I loved the fact that there was a scale (boyfriend was very entertained by my constant updates on weight fluctuations throughout the day). The highlight of the room (and really the stay) was that BED! It is the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in and even beat out the reigning champ (Ritz Carlton Central Park, NY bed). In fact, I inquired and will be purchasing the exact bed ($2500, plus tax and shipping from your local Four Season Resort, custom bed by Sterns &amp; Foster, 8-12 wks for delivery). Firm enough to support but cradles you like a baby. Pool was also nice. When at Mandalay Bay, we go to Moorea for the lack of kids and right-there service. We didn't even bother this time. They set you up nicely on a great lounge chair, bring ice water pitchers out and cater to any needs. There were kids there, but I noticed the staff subtly ask them to keep it down when they got too rambuctious. LOVE that! Went over to the Beach to check out the wave pool and had to return quickly because after being at the FS, the crowds seem suffocating. Used the gym twice - again, nice and quiet. Well maintained. Weight room, free weights and cardio machines with individual tv's for each. With the complimentary use of gym, you can use the get a locker and use the spa facitlities. The place was empty and I practically had a parade in there by myself. Steam room is nice and the shower is worth the trip alone. Food at Verandah was excellent. I've had egg whites a million times, so how is it that they manage to make even those extraordinary? Corn Beef hash, too - really good!The service is great - polite, but unintrusive. They brought us a dessert the first night, as it was my birthday - which was nice. Parking was easy - I never waited more than four minutes for my car. And every time they brought out water bottles. I even asked for some when I returned and they were happy to oblige. One gripe: Parking was $19 a night. Normally, I would never balk at this (I live in Southern California, for goodness sakes), but something about paying that in Vegas got me a little. But it's the only additional charge I pay over and above the room/tax. I consider that a wash against the gym/spa fee I would pay at another hotel. The full excitement of Vegas is only an elevator ride away. To get all of Vegas, but the opportunity for a relaxing, luxurious getaway is an incredible combination. I'm looking forward to staying there again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Absolutely The Best!	We celebrated our 32nd wedding anniversary with a three night stay at this hotel. We arrived, check in was flawless and we were upgraded to a king bed strip view suite. The suite was absolutely amazing. It had a sitting room and a bedroom with a stunning view of the strip from floor to ceiling windows. The master bath had a shower and a soaking tub. There were three (yes that is right) three closets to hang clothes in. There were bathrobes and slippers placed at the each side of the bed. The room was serviced twice a day with the second service being turndown. This hotel is one of the most serene, relaxing hotels that we have ever stayed in. You can &quot;pass&quot; through a door into Mandalay Bay and use all their facilties, but their guests cannot use yours. There is no casino, but the Mandalay Casino is right through the door. The pool is small but divine. The pool attendants place towels on your chairs and serve ice water, popsicles and spritz you with Evian water. We ate at the Verandah restaurant for lunch and Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse for our anniversary dinner. The food and service were superb. Lastly, we paid for two nights and got the third night free. This is a great place to be pampered. We will definitely return.	
Aug 7 2008 	Oasis of calm in a crazey city	Spent three nights in the Four Season. The hotel is very welcoming, quiet and comfortable and is a good choice if you want somewhere where you can take a rest from the crowds and noise of Vegas. Our room was fantastic and well furnished. The gym is well equipped and the pool area is nicely designed. I highly recommend it.	
Aug 6 2008 	Undeniably Vegas' Best Hotel	We have been taking our annual pilgrimage to Las Vegas for the past 12 years and have finally found the crown jewel hotel. We have stayed at almost every premium hotel up and down the strip and the level of comfort and service is unparalleled with what you receive at the Four Seasons. For example, if you hang out at the pool, you receive continuous free water, popsicles, sunglass cleanings, Evian water face mistings and timely visits by the poolside staff for your beverage orders. The pool is for exclusive use of the Four Seasons guests which means you don't have to get to the pool as soon as it opens for a chair. You can also use Mandalay Bay's wave pool or the Moorea Beach Club (topless sunbathing) if you choose, although Moorea is not free admittance. The hotel is peaceful in that there is no noise from kids running up and down the hallways at night like many of the other strip hotels. The casino and hotel lobby are reachable through three Four Seasons only elevators. On the surface, this doesn't seem like a big deal, but wait until you see the lines at Mandalay Bay or The Hotel to use an elevator. People in Mandalay's casino were complaining of a twenty minute wait just to get onto an elevator. And worse yet, an one hour line to check-in. We waited two minutes to check into the hotel and no wait to check-out. Everything in the Mandalay complex can be charged to your Four Seasons room as well (e.g. restaurants, bars, lounges, etc.). The conceirge can get you a reservation at almost any restaurant on short notice and even got us access into the Foundation Room on Saturday evening for no charge (Foundation Room is a private nightclub atop Mandalay Bay). As we told the front desk on check-out, we have now found our new home in Las Vegas!	
Aug 4 2008 	The Best Vegas has to offer	My husband and I are not your typical Vegas fans. We don't gamble and we don't like to stay up late....but we do like the great shows Vegas has to offer. So when we had tickets to Rod Stewart this past weekend, the Four Sesaons was our only choice for a hotel. Unfortunately when we called to book they were sold out. We were put on a wait list and made a reservation at the Bellagio just in case. I was so glad when they called in time for us to cancel Bellagio and tell us they had a room for us for the weekend. Everything about the Four Sesaons is over the top great. We love it. It's a hidden Oasis and you are only an elevator ride away from the craziness of Mandalay Bay so you can get your Starbucks fix and visit the wave pool if you have kids. We can't wait to go back. The beds at the Four Seasons are the most comfortable and they are the same at any Four Seasons you visit. The service and food at the pool was perfect. They even cleaned our glasses! Don't stay anywhere else.	
Jul 31 2008 	Amazing! Loved it!	I love this hotel! We planned a trip to Vegas with 20 of our closest friends for my husbands 40th birthday. I had wanted to stay at the Mandalay complex since they had the largest pool/water park in town. I noticed that FS had a deal for buy two nights- get the third night free and we all booked! It was fantastic. It is the top 4 floors of Mandalay but, it has its own private entrance which allows you to avoid all the chaos at the entrance of Mandalays casino. It is also smoke free. They checked us in in minutes, the room and bathroom were large. The bed was very comfortable and the service was great! (The only complaint I had was that the toilet sounded like a jet engine when you flushed it.)We spent a lot of time at the pool. We rented a cabana at Mandalay one day which was great, but if you are just out on their beach the service is terrible. (At Mandalay beach I asked for a glass of water along with an order of several cocktails and was told they don't do water service.They give you one worn out old rag of a towel and refuse to give you a second) In contrast, the FS's private pool was fantastic. The service was great! They take you out to a lounge chair and cover it large fluffy towels. Our beer bucket was never empty, they bring you pitchers of ice water, frozen towels for your neck, they clean your glasses, they even brought around complimentary ice pops! I will definately go back and plan to check out some of their other locations. Excellent property and service.	
Jul 26 2008 	"Non-Vegas" Vegas	When your head is spinning from the lights and bells in the Casinos, this is an elegant and beautiful refuge. Our standard room was very spacious, and immaculately clean, with a large plasma TV, superbly comfortable bed, and large floor to ceiling windows overlooking TheHotel. The hotel was quiet. The pool area was beautiful, and you can dine in the open-air restaurant that overlooks the pool. We did not eat dinner at the Four Seasons, opting to instead try restaurants at the Bellagio, the Wynn, and Mandalay Bay. But the breakfast and lunches we had at the Four Seasons were excellent.After enjoying this oasis in a city of Glitz, you have the option of returning to the lights, bells, and action.	
Jul 25 2008 	only place to stay in vegas	After staying at the Bellagio and Wynn which I both liked, i decided to give Four Seasons a try and have option of quiet time with action nearby. What I discovered is the only place I will stay in Vegas again. The moment you turn the corner from Mandalay Bay foyer it goes quiet, with a faint floral scent that is relaxing. The service everywhere was amazing. The service was professional, but also relaxed and never stuffy. Everyone was always smiling and behaved like they were there for more than collecting a paycheck. The room is very comfortable. The separate pool is a huge bonus as it is quiet and you can relax. You have access to Mandalay Pool, and after five minutes to check it out I I could not get back to the Four Seasons Pool. When you are ready to party it is a short walk away, then you can go back to piece and quiet to recover. The General Manager is doing a great job running a great hotel. Thanks for an amazing stay.	
Jul 23 2008 	great one year anniversary	we went for our one year anniversary. they upgraded our room from a four seasons room to a one bedroom suite. the room was exremely spacious, we didnt know what to do with all the space. the bed was so comfy. my only complaint was the shower and tub were a little small. service was amazing as usual. brought us champagne and a cake to help us celebrate. the pool was nice but small. the gym was excellent as usual. it was so quiet an serene but convenient at the same time. the view from our room was amazing. the food at the verrandah was good. we ate there for breakfast and lunch. the breakfast menu was better.	
Jul 22 2008 	A sanctuary in the midst of chaos	This is our third stay at this property and we would not go to Vegas unless we were able to stay at the Four Seasons. As soon as you walk through the front door, you forget that you are in Vegas. The entire staff is super accomodating and extremely well trained. There are no lines to contend with for check in, taxi service, etc. like at the other hotels on the strip.The spa facilities are spotless, the staff is professional and the treatments were sublime. I had the raindrop masage and a facial. I left the spa feeling like I had been on vacation for a month. It was my friend's birthday and she left with a &quot;birthday&quot; bag of samples and full size products from the spa staff.All dinner and show arrangements were handled prior to our arrival by the concierge. The tickets they got us for Beatles Love were first row center. The seats (and show) were fantastic. The one glitch was the Sunday breakfast buffet. Similar to an experience we had three years ago, the hot items on the buffet were room temperature. Our friend however, gave his plate to one of the waiters who promptly brought it back to the microwave and heated it for him. The food is first rate when it is hot! The pool area is slightly crowded, but you can always find a chair. The staff is always around offering to clean your sunglasses, spritz you with Evian, bring drinks/lunch and offer free creamsicles which are nice when it is 107 degrees! There are also misters around the entire pool area to help keep you cool. One negative is that you can hear the booming music from the Mandalay Bay pools, but that cannot be avoided since they are situated so closely.This was another great experience with the Four Seasons which never fails to disappoint.	
Jul 21 2008 	Utopia Las Vegas	Our stay at the Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas commenced on July 1 through July 8, 2008, and encompassed the July 4th holiday weekend. As with our past Utopian stays here, our latest visit was no exception, and as such, is the reason we choose to stay here year after year. The criteria I cite as providing an A+ hotel experience are as follows: the quality, ambience and cleanliness of the property, the accommodating and friendly, personable staff, as well as the not-to-be underestimated excellent location, ease of access and proximity to the greater Las Vegas area and airport. As a forty-something, male, experienced traveler, I offer you my perspectives:This hotel is unequivocally the freshest, finest smelling hotel in Las Vegas, with the earthtone marble entry foyer and corridors immaculately buffed and polished, and the carpeted upper floor corridors in new and superior condition. I would best describe the decor and furnishings within the hotel as refined and traditional with contemporary and Far East accents, replete with fresh floral arrangements and greenery, which only serves to compliment the airy, tranquil, spacious and quiet ambience one encounters upon entering the hotel, which in my opinion, is perhaps it's most sought after attribute. It is a very dignified atmosphere, and due to it's well crafted sophistication and eclectic appointments, it is very comfortable, yet not &quot;over the top.&quot; And even in light of the fact that the hotel was full over the July 4th holiday weekend, it never once felt crowded.Our check-in was smooth and efficient and within minutes we were on our way to one of the (3) express elevators to the 35th-39th Four Seasons floors. Our room was a Deluxe category (560 sq. ft.), amply spacious with earthen-tones decor, 39th floor, North Wing location with a sunset view west overlooking the Spring Mountains/Red Rock/Mt. Charleston panorama. Our flight was a late arrival and therefore turndown service had already been performed upon our room, complete with a rolled praline and dark chocolate ganache welcome presentation. Turndown service at this hotel consists of dimming the lights, drawing the draperies, placement of white linen bedside mats and white terrycloth slippers, fresh bedside bottles of water with inverted glass, tuning the large flatscreen plasma TV to the Four Seasons channel which shows Zen-like ambient naturescapes accompanied by ambient, contemporary jazz and classical music, as well as fresh towel, white terrycloth robe and amenity replenishment. Twice per day housekeeping is definitely a fine point of this hotel. The large marble bathroom with soaking tub (her favorite) and glass enclosed marble shower (my favorite) is more than ample and spacious, with a separate enclosed commode. The bathroom was amply stocked with citrus-accented L'Occitane amenities, hair dryer, bath towels and the signature Four Seasons white terrycloth robe and slippers. The room itself is also stocked with a refrigerated mini-bar, a Cuisinart coffee maker and an iron &amp; ironing board. I must also note that this room, furniture included, was immaculately clean, fresh and not worn, and every attention to detail was taken by our housekeeper, from the folded points on the toilet tissue and tissue box, to the tightly and smoothly made bed, pillows and down duvet. As well, as robes, towels, and bedding are white here, they were just that....immaculately clean, white and fresh smelling.Upon entering the pool area, the sweet aroma of eucalyptus greets one at the door. The pool area itself, replete with a pool bar, top screened pergolas, palm trees and an ample supply of misters, affords one the option of privacy or publicity, sun or shade, depending on where one chooses to locate. I personally prefer the pool's laid back atmosphere (although not to be read boring, just more relaxed) to that of the more &quot;manic&quot; pool areas of corresponding resort hotels. I found the pool staff providing set-ups and service to be very polite, friendly and accommodating, yet never intrusive. A very enjoyable and pleasant pool experience. As well, I find the adjoining Mandalay Bay casino (conveniently just steps away through &quot;the tranquility door&quot;) and restaurants (a plethura of eclectic epicurian alternatives to the higher end Charlie Palmer's Steak House and The Verandah at the Four Seasons, albeit not entirely inexpensive) a definite asset to this hotel as well (although being a vegetarian, it does pose certain dining challenges, though not insurmountable). The casino itself is tastefully adorned in off-white and gold appointments and is not claustrophobic, is comfortably yet not overly lighted, seems to have clearer air than most, as well as possessing a worthy array of entertainment choices and venues. And in my opinion, this casino provides the perfect venue to &quot;see and be seen&quot;, after all, nothing trumps Saturday night in Las Vegas.....you will feel distinguished here.The staff at the Four Seasons Las Vegas were extremely conscientious, accommodating and polite, and of particular note, very friendly and personable. From the very capable and efficient reservations agents, front desk staff, housekeeping and door/bellmen, one need not fear class intimidation here, as the professionalism and genuineness of the staff make this hotel a very welcoming atmosphere. This is not a boutique hotel, nor is it one of the more inexpensive hotels in Las Vegas, but as a hotel with only 424 rooms, it offers unsurpassed personalized service and quality. My only caveat here is that while other luxury hotels may offer more &quot;real estate&quot; for the price regarding room value, when viewed objectively and compositely, location, ease of access, quality, service, (and what I perceive to be) a comfortable staff to guest ratio and a smaller, more manageable property serve make this hotel a premium cost/benefit value.And finally, location....This hotel is superiorly located at the South end of the Strip (interpreted as construction zone and tower crane free) atop the Mandalay Bay Hotel, offers valet or self-park options, and offers extremely unencumbered ease of access via Frank Sinatra Drive and Las Vegas Blvd. to Interstate 15 (points north and south) and Interstate 215 (points east: Green Valley, Lake Las Vegas and Lake Mead, and west: Summerlin and Red Rock Canyon), all within 30 minutes travel time, as well as being 10 minutes from the airport. Regarding the aforementioned locations: so many restaurants, so little time....That being said, staying at the Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas is definitively worth the price of admission....and watching the sun set over Mt. Charleston....priceless....peace....	
Jul 11 2008 	Exceeded My Expectations-Awesome!!!!	Just got back from a Vegas 4th of July holiday /anniversary celebration weekend. Stayed 4 nights at the Four Seasons. This was our 1st trip to Vegas, and what a fantastic trip. After reading numerous reviews about the Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, Ceasars Palace, Mandalay Bay, and the Four Seasons...we decided to take a gamble before gambling in Vegas, and chose to stay at the Four Seasons. It was fantastic!!!! Great excitement, fun, and plenty of action, and just enough quite R &amp; R to balance out our 4 night stay. Having access to the Mandalay casino, pools, restaurants, etc was non-eventful because everything is literally right there together and really all located within Mandalay Bay. The room was beyond awesome, and definitely offered the peace and quiet we were looking for, whenever we choose to retreat back to the room. We have already decided that our next trip to Vegas, will be complete by returning to the Four Seasons!!!	
Jul 10 2008 	The quietest in Vegas....	I'm not going to lie. I gave this property five stars because, well, its an excellent hotel. But would I stay here again? I don't know.  The truth is, The Four Seasons in Vegas is great if you are looking for a little down time. You can go spend your entire night in the casino at Mandelay Bay and then step into the FS elevator and its instantly quiet. But is that a good thing? It is Vegas, after all.It worked out well for us because I was staying with my family, that tends to be a little quieter and hates noise at night. However, if you are here for outrageous Vegas-themed suites, late night parties, etc., this place is NOT for you. Aditionally, since this place does not have a casino it is VERY expensive. You could book a much larger suite in another Vegas hotel for nearly half of the price. Then again, you would not be guaranteed this quiet. So it's really up to you when traveling in Vegas what kind of atmosphere you are looking for. By the way, pool is very nice. Pool attendants were very nice, and I was the only one in the pool. Very relaxing. Also you may want to be aware Mandaley Bay/FS is at the very beginning of the Strip, so you will have to walk (don't even try to drive/take a cab...it will take hours) a pretty decent distance to get anywhere.	
Jul 9 2008 	Best Hotel on the Vegas Strip!	Last year was our first trip to Vegas and spent two days of Hell in the adjoining &quot;THE Hotel&quot; in Mandalay bay. We checked out and made the long trek to the Four Seasons (Note; If possible, use the private entrance on the other side instead of walking all the way through the Mandalay Bay. However, be aware that there are no sidewalks around the entry way).I'll be completely honest in saying this: Walking into the Four Seasons was like walking into paradise. The quiet, the beautiful ambiance, the smells. There are no casinos, people greet you at the front door and they quickly learn your name. If you have to stand in line at the front desk, the service is quick and efficient. Being that Vegas is hot, there is always bottled water available. Sometimes the doormen/valet will give you some after they bring your car to you, or call you a cab. Talk about service!The hotel set up is a little strange; The lobby and so forth are on the ground level, and there is another level that will take you to the door that leads to the Mandalay Bay Casino (for those who want to have easy access). The room floors don't start until floor 38 or so, and the main floor elevators have a side door that leads to the Four Seasons private pool. Inside, is just gorgeous; marble hallways, subtle beige tones; it's like walking into a mansion.Rooms are large and comfortable and my favorite part about staying at the Four Seasons is that they have Turner Classic Movies! Hopefully if you are a classic movie fan (who finds this info useful!), they will still offer this station! The bathrooms aren't huge, but they are spacious, with tubs, a fairly good-sized shower, robes, a vanity section with a magnifying mirror and double doors to the bathroom for total privacy; as well as a separate commode area. The last time we stayed here, we were given (without asking) a room with an incredible view of the strip. Just amazing. I could have stared out the window for hours! The pool is wonderful and I have learned from other reviews that there are special amenities available, which I will definitely inquire about. The nice thing is that the employees will find you some chairs, drape the towels over them for you, and generally give you whatever you need. The only thing I don't like about the pool is that (like Mandalay Bay), it closes at 7pm. However, the spa is open until 9pm and it deserves it's own paragraph!The spa use at the Four Seasons is FREE (except for of course, treatments and massages, etc), if you can believe it. Something Free in Vegas! Last time we took advantage of it after a long day sightseeing at Hoover Dam. The pool had already closed, but we took a change of clothes and went down to the spa where we took showers in the huge individual shower rooms. The showers have amenities like shampoo, soap, conditioner, you can get razors, feminine products, q-tips, cotton balls, moisturizer... almost anything you can think of. It's here. There is an area that has vanity mirrors where you can sit down (in the plush robe that you get when you ask for a locker key-even slippers and a towel!), and they have hair dryers, hair gel, etc. There is even a couples lounge which is wonderful for husbands and wives. Just ask the attendant to show you the way. Once inside, the lights are already dim (to the point that I could have slept for days in there), and very soft music plays in the background. There are magazines available to read, and I must mention the steam room with its eucalyptus steam. Absolutely heavenly! This is the ONLY place I will stay when I am visiting the Las Vegas area and plan on spending time on the strip. Need I say more? It's SO worth the splurge! I should also add: This year, our staying here was contingent on whether or not we would return to Vegas and I think it will continue to be that way.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great hotel!	First time to Las Vegas and I will be coming back to this hotel. I noticed that at the Four Seasons you didn't have thousands of people not staying there just walking through like at all the other hotels. This hotel was private, clean, friendly service, great food and an awesome pool. Valet took a few minutes to get your car but we didn't mind. No casinos in this hotel which is just great! Overall, perfect 10!	
Jul 3 2008 	except the pool in the afternoon serenity found in las vegas!!!	here's the pros and cons (very few cons)pros: staff and service excellent. discreet location within mandalay bay fantastic. room amenities plush. hardly any wait at all for a cab. (if you've stayed at any major strip hotel you know what i'm talking about on a saturday night - this hotel has about a 1-2 min wait for a cab). ability to use mandalay pool which is crazy, crazy. proximity to everything mandalay has to offer (14 restaurants). we had a north facing strip view which was fantastic. nice gym with tvs on the cardio equipment, bottled water, gatorade and great service by staff. spa looked nice but did not use it, but could smell the eucalyptus (ahhhh!) as you walk to the elevator. great concierge. absolutely no smell of smoke anywhere, instead it's eucalyptus and some kind of gardenia-type of flower which i call the &quot;four seasons lobby smell.&quot; fantastic pool side service - frozen popsicles, evian spritzers, sunglasses personally cleaned, ice water pitchers and those very comfortable padded lounge chairs with those oversized, perfectly fitting towels draped over them. and now for the cons: pool itself is a nice size, but pool area (where the lounge chairs are) is on the smaller side. we thought we'd be able to hide away, but not. the chairs are right next to each other. no cabana rentals due to small area around pool. pool and two jacuzzis close at 7pm which we thought was absolutely ridiculous. mandalay also closes at 7. the location is at the southernmost of the strip hotels definitely not near the center of the &quot;action.&quot; extremely dull and boring shopping at the mandalay bay and only a gift shop at the four seasons. if we were staying only a fri-sun, we would stay elsewhere because of the location. next to the mandalay bay is luxor and excalibur. across the street from excalibur is mgm, new york and tropicana. a very dull, to say the least, corner of hotels. too bad they couldn't have placed the 4 seasons and/or mandalay bay closer to wynn, venetian or the mall. also, too bad the four seasons couldn't have been a standalone hotel so that the pool area could have been more spread out. we also didn't like the size of the room and bathroom. if you're used to a larger four seasons room you will be disappointed. contrary to another review re the closet size - our room had two closets that were opened with double doors. they were definitely not &quot;walk-in&quot; type of closets. the bathroom, although plush, is on the small side. it does have a separate shower, sink and toilet area, but is smaller than the other four seasons we've stayed at. also there is no adult pool. in the early afternoon, the families come back to the four seasons after they've had it at the mandalay pool. that's when the noise and such starts up. if you're looking for adultness you have to hit the adult pool at mandalay, &quot;moorea.&quot; we didn't go there because it is definitely a long walk and in the 112 heat did not seem appealing. we would return to the hotel, but only if longer than a couple of days. in any case, thanks again four seasons for a nice stay.	
Jun 29 2008 	Incredible	My husband and young 5 year old stayed at this hotel for a week in June. The service was fantastic, from complimentary smoothies and popsicle at the pool to a special welcome plate of treats for my son. Even the lady filling the bar noticed that we often ate the potatoe chips and she asked if we would like any different flavors. The private pool at the four seasons is so quiet. If you want more excitment you can always stroll over to the pools at Mandalay Bay. One of the best four seasons I have ever stayed at, we will be back!	
Jun 29 2008 	Wonderful hotel with wonderful service	I have stayed at the Venetian before, and believe me, if the Venetian is 5 star, the Four Seasons is a 6 star hotel. Service is outstanding, it's quiet and comfortable, there is no smoky casino you have to walk through to get to your room (although the action at Mandalay Bay casino is just seconds away through a special door). All employees were extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms are all located on the top floors of the Mandalay Bay, so views are interesting no matter if you get Strip view or not.	
Jun 17 2008 	Can't beat this hotel	My wife and I are in our early thirties and made our tenth trip to Las Vegas. For reference, we have previously stayed at Caesars Palace (three times), THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, Bally’s, Mirage, the Rio, and MGM Signature. Instead of the play by play, this time I’ll just hit the highlights. We stayed at the Four Seasons from June 10-13.Four Seasons:My wife was looking for a great pool, I was looking for gambling. With the Four Seasons we got both. You get the use of all the Mandalay Bay facilities, with the exclusive use of 4S’s. We have stayed at other 4S properties and hoped that the service would be as good in a city known for great service...it was even above par for a 4S standards.Room: We had a regular room reserved but I accepted the offer to upgrade to a strip view suite for an extra $100 per night. The suite was really impressive, with two sitting areas, marble entry, and a walk-in closet that is bigger than our closet at home. The room also has a coffee maker, which was nice for first thing in the morning. Some of the reviews mentioned that the room was looking dated and not up to the 4S standards but ours was not. It had a very nice ~50” plasma and the furniture and linens were in new condition. When we were called to be notified that the room was ready, by the time we got up to the room, our bags were already delivered. Nice touch.The view. It was on the 37th floor, windows ran the entire width of the room, and faced directly north up the strip. Best view I have ever had in Vegas, and I’m usually one of those people that says view doesn’t matter.Pool &amp; Fitness Center/Spa: This part of the hotel was very important to my wife but we both ended up using it a lot. First, the fitness center amenities are complementary. The biggest deal about this was that I got to use the eucalyptus steam-room before hitting the pool. I never used one of these before but it did wonders on my hangovers. The pool staff were every bit as attentive as the rest of the hotel. Even though the pool is not as big as the MB or other strip hotels, the pool covers, ice water pitchers, popsicles, frozen fruit, and evian spritzers made up the difference. All of these were free but the normal pool bar and food menu was available. We ended up having breakfast each morning at the pool.Other things about the hotel: The valet is not free at this property ($18/day) but we knew about this going in. It was very quick and we always had cold bottled water when we retrieved our car.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at Four Seasons for a business meeting in May, 2008. Really interesting in that it is actually the top floors of the Mandalay Bay, but with its own lobby, elevators, hallways, meeting rooms, pool, etc. This gives it a peace and quiet not seen in the Mandalay Bay or other Vegas hotels I have experienced.There is no gambling in the Four Seasons itself, but Mandalay Bay's huge casino is steps away. Again, contributes to peace, quiet and elegance.Room was very nice, bathroom was great, service and food were excellent. Would definitely stay here again!One comment- the property is at the very end of the strip, so if you mind being away from the heart of the action, may not be ideal for you. Didn't bother me a bit.	
May 30 2008	Best PLace to Stay in Vegas	My husband and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend to celebrate our anniversary. We were looking for a relaxing place that was still near all the fun of Vegas, and this definitely fit the bill! The service was excellent throughout the stay. They even gave us a little cake in our room the first night to say &quot;happy anniversary.&quot; The rooms were very clean and very comfortable - and were cleaned twice a day. There was a bit of noise with doors slamming and such, and kids running around (kids 12 and under stay free). The fitness center and spa areas were really nice! Great workout machines - like a full gym! The Spa services were pricey, and they only offered massages and skin services. We did get massages when we arrived from the airport, which were a nice way to kick off the week. The pool wasn't as amazing as some other hotels on the strip, but it was nice enough. The service by the pool was great, and they also do not allow people to &quot;save&quot; spaces more than a half an hour at the pool, which was nice. The Verandah restaurant had really nice breakfasts, and decent lunches that they would also serve by the pool if you wanted. Prices were pretty steep, as expected. The Casino at Mandalay was easy access - and we thought it was one of the better casinos on the Strip.	
May 30 2008 	Great Service	Stayed at the Four Seasons for 3 nights over Memorial Day weekend. While Vegas was totally overcrouded and packed with people as usual it was a pleasure to stay at a hotel with such outstanding service. The hotel is expensive but having stayed at many other hotels in Vegas well worth it. The concerege, pool staff, spa staff, waiters etc were all outstanding. In a city that can nickel and dime you to death with added costs the Four Seasons offers many extras at no charge. Simple things like printing a boarding pass or use of the fitness center that others will charge you for the Four Seasons will not. Do not stay anywhere else....	
May 28 2008 	Great time with 8 year old daughter	My 8 year old daughter and I stayed at the Four Seasons for the weekend of May 16 - 18. We had a wonderful time. Vegas is not a place for children, but when we had relatives going to Vegas to visit other relatives that live in Vegas, I decided to go. Our stay was great. The hotel is an oasis amongst the hustle and bustle of casinos. The room was nice, nothing real special, but had all the amenities of a 5 star hotel. We ate breakfast at Veranda and hung out at the pool most of the day. Service at the pool was excellent. We went over to the Mandalay Bay pool to check out the lazy river and had fun doing that. I felt somewhat out of place there because of the party atmosphere. As the day got longer, the lazy river filled up with cocktail in-hand people so we retreated to the 4 Seasons. I would recommend this hotel to families and anyone looking for a “non vegas” vegas trip.	
May 26 2008 	Peaceful Private Hotel	This hotel was cool, relaxing and elegant, the service was brilliant, exactly what we expected from the Four Seasons, the staff were helpful and polite. My husbant tipped the man who got our car for us and amongst the 1 dollar bills there was a hundred dollar bill, the guy called him back to tell him he had made a mistake. This was not a gaming hotel which made it very relaxing, it was not lie the other hotels that were more like cattle markets. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.Top quality, top service, peaceful, relaxing etc etc	
May 11 2008 	Great Hotel	This was our 4th visit to Las Vegas but our first stay at Four Seasons(3 nights). My wife and I absouletly loved this hotel. It is close yet so far from the hub bub of Mandalay Bay. We were celebrating our 20th anniversary and upon returning to our room we found a &quot;Happy Anniversary&quot; cake in our room. What a pleasant surprise. The entire hotel staff was pleasant and attentive. We had a premier strip view room with a spectacular view of the entire strip. Room was a good size and VERY clean with NO hotel type odors. We would definately stay here again!We have stayed at Bellagio and Signature but Four Seasons has them beat.	
May 9 2008	Nice hotel. Great service. Not Great location on the strip	Nice room but small. Room was child-proofed as we have a 2 year old son.	
May 7 2008 	Beautifull retreat from chaos	Service is what separates this property from all others in Las Vegas.Valet, front desk, spa, pool... every staff member is happy and makes your needs a priority. Enjoyed coming back to my room after a long night to find everything cleaned, lights dimmed, soft music and slippers/ TV remote at bedside.	
May 7 2008	This hotel NEVER dissapoints	My wife and I returned to our favorite LV hotel and, like always, it was fantastic. We chose this hotel because of the great spa facilities, proximity to the strip, and most of all, the best pool experience we have have found on the Strip. We arrived pretty early in the day and, of course, our room was ready. Check in was quick and simple. Bags promptly arrived. The room decor and technology was upgraded since our last stay and now includes HS internet and a large flat screen TV. Carpeting was also new. The staff throughout the entire hotel was friendly and most of all, very helpful. The staff around the pool is great. You never have to ask nor wait for drinks or food. Nice selection of items from the menu are delivered right to your lounge chair along with Evian sprays, cucumber slices, and smoothies. The pool scene is very quiet (unlike the mayhem at Mandalay) which is why there is a locked gate separating the properties. My wife raved about her spa treatments. Housekeeping was always prompt and never bothered us nor did the nightly turndown service. We felt very pampered for our five day stay and would highly recommend this property. We'll be back in October.	
May 2 2008 	Serenity in Sin City	My husband and I recently returned from a 3 night stay at the four seasons for our anniversary. This hotel more than met our expectations. We did not want to enter the hustle and bustle of a casino. At this hotel you arrive at a seperate entrance. Check in was quick and efficient and we were upgraded to a room with a view of the strip. The hotel is on the top 5 floors of the Mandalay Bay Hotel. The room was lovely. The service was everything that you would expect from a four seasons. You would never guess that you were in Las Vegas. We were never bothered by any noisy guests. If you wanted to go to a casino all you had to do was get off at the &quot;C&quot; level on the elevator and go through a door. A nice touch was when you returned by this door to the serenity of the hotel you were greated by a lovely scented entrance.The pool was wonderful and the excercise facilities were some of the best that we have ever seen. We didn't go to any shows. Instead we dined each night at a different restaurant, Guy Savoy, Picasso and Nine. I will return to this hotel and recommend it. I can't wait to go back.	
Apr 26 2008 	Did not want to leave!	Had the most perfect stay at the Four Seasons. The hotel is beautiful and quiet. It's a nice diversion from the loud noises of the Vegas casinos. The rooms are tastefully decorated and we had THE view of the Las Vegas strip. It was truly amazing.The pool is lovely and the service is spectacular, as is the service throughout the hotel.There will be no other hotel for me to stay in Vegas other than the Four Seasons.	
Apr 24 2008	Absolutely loved it	After being unable to decide between the Four Seasons, Wynn, Venetian &amp; Belaggio we decided on the Four Seasons as reviews on this website highlighted the fantastic customer service which is important to us - we were so glad that we did. All of the staff were friendly and helpful from the front desk, pool attendants, house keeping, conceirge to bell hops - they even had someone to operate the lifts for you at peak times. We heard of guests at other 5 * hotels having to queue for ages (up to an hour!) to get into the lift - the most we had to wait was a couple of minutes and we had someone to call it for us!!The hotel is peaceful and elegant - an absolute haven after the bustle of Vegas!The rooms are fantastic. We upgraded ours to a junior suite on arrival for $75 extra per night (booked a deluxe room originally). Was well worth it - the sitting room was huge! The bed was so comfy, robes soft and had Bvlgari toiletries. The only thing missing was a cholcolate on turn down (although did get a bottle of water instead!).The breakfast was really lovely and a nice setting by the pool outside (you can eat inside if you prefer).The conceirge got us last minute tickets for O on a Friday night of a very busy weekend (boxing, Van Halen, Mary J Blige and JayZ ll on on the Saturday evening) and the seats were in the middle of the front block - the show is amazing.The only slight downside is that it is at the end of the strip, however this also had a plus side as it meant that it was quiet. This was our main worry before arriving however once there it was not a problem as taxis are cheap ($10ish to anywhere on the strip) and never had to wait (again queues at other hotels were huge) and there is also a tram from Mandalay bay which takes you to the Excalibar (main coross roads with MGM).The hotel is on the top floors of the Mandalay bay and we had access to the Mandalay bay through a little door. The Mandalay Bay has a really nice casino, lots of bars, restaurants and shops etc so you have all of the extra facilities that you could ever need. We tried the breakfast buffet here which was nice but no were near as good as the four seasons (food, ambience or service).	
Apr 23 2008 	Nothing but net	Nothing but net, Perfect in every way. I have stayed at all major hotels in vegas and will never stay anywhere else, again. Service , service,service, its all here. We had waited for a cab and after 5 min the Vallet said that was long enough and Took us to our dinner reservations in the hotel Escalde. The pool is great. Just see for yourself.Ps, Craft Steak house in the Mgm Is the worst experience and food I have ever had. The butter was frozen the waiter was rude and they stuck us in the back with some kind of fold out door you see that divide room at conventions. Go the the four seasons and stay away from craft Steakhouse...... No worries	
Apr 22 2008 	Quiet Las Vegas Hotel	The Four Seasons Hotel in Las Vegas is a quiet retreat. If this is what you are looking for then this is your place. If you are looking for a little more excitement then stay more in the heart of the strip. The Four Seasons does not have a casino but is connected to the Mandalay Bay Resort, so you can have the best of both worlds. It was nice to enjoy the Mandalay Bay pools and then when they got crowded retreat to the peace and quiet and attentive service at the Four Seasons.  My husband and I spent four nights at the Four Seasons in April. We had great weather and took advantage of the pool all four days. The service at the pool was good, but the least consistent with other Four Seasons that we have stayed at. Most of the staff was extremely attentive and always called you by name, others were not as good. The front desk and the bellmen were excellent. The concierge did a great job getting us dinner reservations and transportation. Even when we had a problem with are final bill the front desk handled it very well. The rooms were clean and well kept, the amenities very nice.  If you are looking to escape the craziness of Las Vegas, stay here.	
Apr 9 2008 	royal treatment at 4 seasons	Unbelievable service! First time I ever felt treated really really well by a hotel in Vegas. Usually 2 people open the front door, allowing you to sweeeeep into the lobby theatrically if necessary. Room was very pleasant, would request view of pool in future. Also would request closer to elevator if possible - this is, like everything in Vegas, a huge hotel. Room service was exactly on time each meal we chose. Bed, bathroom, toilet, etc. all abo ve average. Free coffee and paper in a.m. in lobby. Spa was a great place also - steam room, relaxation area, very small and private. Absolutely the best feature was the service but the pool was a close second. Offers such privacy and seclusion! The attendants put a sheet &amp; towel on your chosen chair, spritz you with cool water, bring around frozen/wet washcloths, and you can actually get lunch/breakfast served to you on a tray on your lap. Fantastic luxury. Also nice was the hotel car to take you out when it was available. Each staff member made us feel like it was important to them that we be totally happy, cossetted. It seemed so natural. Wouldn't stay anywhere else in Vegas.	
Apr 4 2008	I love it!	Can I just say how much I love this hotel!!! We have stayed here numerous times and have always found it to be exceptional. I just love the entrance (without all the smoky casinos to walk through), so peaceful and beautiful. The rooms are great, the treats for the kids are sooo loved. The service has been faultless and when there have been small issues, they are so quick to solve the problem and are happy to help in every way.The pool is great, it can be crowded but there is always room. It can be hot, but there are places with the sprayers or shade. The treats around the pool are always lovely and the food and service is so well done. There are staff there that recognize us by name upon our return even though it has been over a year since we were there!Love going to the Mandalay Bay for dinner/shopping/wave pool ect but we always breathe a relaxing sigh as we re-enter four seasons. It is a real getaway from the hustle of Vegas, which for us is fun in appropriate doses!We will be back again soon!	
Mar 31 2008 	Quiet but steps from the energy of the strip	Great hotel with separate entrances from the Mandalay Bay. I loved this hotel. I hate staying at at one of the hotels in Vegas and having to go through the casino to get to our room. Also, being able to get away from the &quot;rumble and roar&quot; of the casino was fantastic.Our flight was cancelled at 4PM. Service at the hotel was great. They were able to get us a room at the last minute for a Friday night, with no issues, even though it was a very busy weekend. (It was the Friday before New Years eve weekend.)Concierge was fantastic... even managed to get us tickets for &quot;O&quot; a few days before we arrived. Please note that we were &quot;very&quot; flexible on the show dates and time and said we would work our schedule around the tickets.	
Feb 21 2008 	A nice retreat from the strip	We just returned from three nights at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas. Overall, we are so glad we picked this hotel over the other hotels on the strip.Pros: *Our room was ridiculously quiet, although we were not facing the airport. It was like retreating to the comfort of your home after a chaotic day.*Beautiful view of the entire strip.*Extremely comfortable bedding.*Fastest check-in/check-out we've ever experienced.*Friendly, competent staff.Cons:*We thought the food was at both restaurants was pretty substandard.*There is only a gift shop. It would have been nice if there was one or two boutiques/shops in the hotel.*The odd design...I wish this was a stand alone hotel instead of the top floors of another hotel. It made things feel a little disjointed to me.*It was clear that some rooms directly overlooked the airport. Ours did not but could of. That would not have been ideal.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to those who do not want to be directly in the middle of the action. You will be close enough to immerse yourself in it if you want to but far away enough to feel as though you are retreating back to your room for some tranquility.	
Feb 20 2008 	Nice but noisy	This is a very nice hotel, if you don't get a noisy room; some rooms face the airport and get a huge amount of noise. The walls are thin, and you mostly likely will get woken up by noisy gamblers on their way back to the room.However, the rooms are clean, good service, and an amazing pool. The restaurants were disappointing, but had good wine lists.	
Feb 17 2008 	An Oasis	My husband and I stayed at the Four Seasons Las Vegas for three nights in July to celebrate my 24th birthday. What an oasis! We loved the Four Seasons because we could enjoy all that Las Vegas has to offer and then return to tranquility at the end of the day. The staff were genuine, the pool was beautiful, and we never had to wait for a taxi. I loved the fact that you don't have to walk through a smokey, loud casino to get to your room! Instead, the Four Seasons is adjacent to Mandalay Bay, and we could access the casino from a hallway in the Four Seasons. The highlight of the weekend? THE SPA!! I had a hot stone massage which was AMAZING. I also loved the showers/relaxing locker area. My husband even sent an attendant to come find me; I didn't want to leave! My only &quot;negative&quot; is that our room was at the end of the hallway near a loud air conditioning vent, and while we had a pretty view of the desert, I would recommend a strip view. All in all I would return in a heartbeat!	
Feb 12 2008 	Great!	Does exactly what it says on the tin! excellent service, brilliant facilities, creme de la creme and approved by the missus as well!	
Feb 10 2008 	Four Seasons Exceptional Service as you would expect	We stayed here for a 4 night break. The hotel is fantastic and the service as you would expect from a Four Seasons. We particularly loved the pool which is exclusively for Four Seasons guests. The pool staff look after you all day long with iced water, sprays, ice lollies and even come round to clean your sun glasses - heaven!!The hotel is spotless, the decor is classic rather than contemporary which we would usually go for, but none the less its a luxurious place and we would definitely recommend it.Las Vegas in general was fantastic as always, we spent our mornings by the pool and afternoons in the shopping malls which are amazing.We had a superb meal at Mix (top of The Hotel) seated out on the balcony with breathtaking views. We also ate at Rum Jungle which we had a bad experience with but our friends had a nice meal there. Grand Lux Cafe is another of our favourites, simple food but really nice and a huge menu.Can't wait to go back to LV again.	
Feb 6 2008	The best of the US Four Seasons	This hotel has now taken my perfect Four Seasons Beverly Hills and tossed its first place rating...this crew..the food is beyond divine.The spa employees bend over backwards to help you get appointments at other places if they are booked...the waitstaff gets the food there on time and the food was perfect...not fussy NY or Paris Four Seasons perfect..but clean and somewhat updated food.The front desk crew is superb.I cannot say enough about this staff...the only downside to us is that the pool gets a bit crowded but so what? We are 40 and a wee bit crabby with the 20 something crew...which is not an issue here really.The other issue that cannot be changed is how far you have to walk to your room if you are at the end...not fun for the girls in heels or when you are so tired after a long night...	
Jan 30 2008	Sinfully Great in Las Vegas	The Four Seasons has done it again. I continue to marvel at the class, charm and service orientation of the Four Seasons. The FS Las Vegas is no exception. We experienced the typical greeting with an army of men coming to grab our bags. People greeting us by name, fast checkin and the best was yet to come.When we arrived in our junior suite on the 39th floor, we were floored by the elegance and size of the suite. It was one of the largest suites I have ever had. The decor couldn't have been more elegant and the views so high up were stunning.The honey color of the wood, the intricate marble floors, the artful floral presentations everywhere present, made it a special experience every time I entered the public areas. Our suite had two large bathrooms and, of course, every imaginable modern convenience. While I love other chains like the Ritz Carlton, nothing compares to the Four Seasons.The location in Las Vegas is perfect. It is still on the strip, but a short distance out of the maniacal activity of strip central.The spa was one of the best anywhere. Great weight set and loads of alternative aerobic machines. Again, FS takes this to a new level with all manner of refreshing drinks, towels, tvs on each machine, etc.You can't go wrong here.	
Jan 23 2008 	Relaxing!	I was in Vegas on business for 4 days/3 nights and had the pleasure of staying at the Four Seasons. Overall, what a treat! I was on the 39th (top) floor and was at the very end of a very long corridor, providing me the best view I have ever had of the strip, and I have been going to Vegas yearly for 15+ years. Amazing view!!! I was actually rather ill most of the trip unfortunately so I really did not get to use any of the amenities of the hotel. But not feeling well did allow me to spend a lot of time in my room and it was very spacious and comfortable, with lots of details like crown moldings, tray ceiling in bathroom, etc. The TV is HUGE (I just wish it rotated so I could have watched it while I was working ata the desk. The TV actually would not work when I first got there and they had to send an engineer up, but he fixed it very quickly and it was OK the rest of the trip. They have some system called NXTV which is some sort of interactive thing, I was not impressed with it and I think it made the TV act up a little. The first night, one of the sheets was stained (I have no doubt it was clean and washed, but it had a permanent stain on it), which I have to say I was shocked by at a hotel of this caliber. Why would you not throw a sheet like this out? Since I was alone and the bed was a king, I simply slept on the other side where I saw nothing of the sort! Housekeeping even unplugged and wound up my cell phone charger, which I accidentally left plugged in after night 1. The bathroom was beautiful! All marble and tons of lights, which I never really noticed at other hotels, but the lighting in the bathroom was excellent. Great shower, the shower head was like a downpour, I loved it. I actually heard from coworkers that the &quot;regular&quot; Mandalay Bay hotel rooms had a TV in the bathroom, that would be a nice touch for the Four Seasons perhaps as well. The staff was all exceedingly friendly and helpful and always greeted me every morning if I was passing them in the hall. I thought that was a nice touch although I do not need to be treated that special, haha. My only regret is not getting to use any of the other amenities as they looked great. They even do turn down service but I did not have them do it for me as I was already in my room for the evening at the times they tried to come. If you don't like this service, just hang your Do Not Disturb sign and they will leave you alone.Besides the stained sheet, a great hotel stay!	
Jan 20 2008 	Great place	I stayed here for a work function for a weekend in August.The staff were friendly, the rooms were great (HUGE televisions!) and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was luxurious marble affair.It was ridiculously expensive by Vegas standards, but then as it was business it didn't affect me!	
Jan 18 2008 	I dare you to find a fault	Seriously, I dare you to find a fault with this hotel. It is that great. There wasn't one thing to criticize. Everyone there is really helpful and polite. They make you feel very well taken care of. The rooms are awesome and the view is amazing. You're set up to see all of Las Vegas. If you stay at the Four Seasons, you will enjoy yourself. They make sure of it.	
Jan 9 2008 	Posh	The Four Seasons hotel in Las Vegas occupies the last four floors of the Mandalay Bay hotel building. It is very posh, service is excellent but the location... Well, it is at the end of the Strip so most rooms have a view of the airport. Now, the windows are double paned so you cannot hear anything really and I don' t mind looking at airplanes or helicopters taking off or landing but for some folks, that might not be posh enough. Rooms are great, with a huge bathroom, with tub, shower stall, two bathrobes and two pairs of slippers. I recommend it for someone who wants posh and does not mind to be at the end of the Strip. Otherwise, if you want to walk to nearer casinos, choose something in the middle like the Bellagio.	
Jan 6 2008 	Warning - They Will Take Your Pets!	Even though this hotel claims to be pet friendly, do not bring your pets. This was the third time I stayed at the Four Seasons, Las Vegas with my 2 small, 10 pound dogs. The first 2 were exceptional, no complaints. My husband and I went to celebrate our anniversary and brought our 2 dogs with us again. We travel with them everywhere and they are basically our kids. Everything was fine until the last night, we went out to a nice dinner at the Wynn and when we returned, 2 1/2 hours later at around 8:30pm, our dogs were missing from our room. They had been kept in a crate and the crate and dogs were missing! There was also a small piece of dog feces on the floor.I started to panic and my husband immediately called the front desk asking where our dogs were. They said they had been removed b/c they were making noise. I have stayed at many fine hotels and have never had my dogs removed. We asked the manager to deliver the dogs immediately; she came about 20 minutes later with our freaked out little dogs. She was completely incompetent and overly arrogant. She tried to tell us that we were hiding the dogs and that no one knew we had them in the first place. That was completely a lie since when we checked in, we had them with us on leases and the woman at the front desk who greeted us and gave us our room key, pet the dogs. We also had walked them several times through the lobby during the previous 4 days of our stay.The manager never apologized and told us that someone had complained, which was completely false, since they were asleep in the room and the only time they would bark would be when the maids wanted to clean the room. We had left instructions that we did not want the room cleaned while we were away since it disturbed the dogs, but they apparently really wanted to get into our room.We were appalled that they left dog feces in the room as well and never cleaned it up. It was a truly horrible experience and ruined our entire anniversary. We spoke to the manager after checking out the next day, he was a young kid in his 20's and he was as useless as the night manager.I have never been treated so poorly at such a supposed &quot;luxury&quot; hotel.	
Jan 5 2008 	Service lacking	This is the second time I've stayed at the hotel and it's the only place I would stay in Vegas. That said, I found the service below par this time. The concierge was not knowledgeable about where to pick up the Deuce bus (a pretty basic question), FedEx packages weren't delivered promptly, requests weren't followed through, etc. At this caliber of hotel, it's the service that distinguishes a property and I felt it was lacking here. The hotel, itself, though, is a treat, despite the long walk from the entrance to the elevators. Top notch beddings, bathroom, etc., as you would expect from Four Seasons. A tip: You can park in the convention center parking lot for free. No need to pay the hotel.	
Dec 31 2007 	no romance allowed	Went there for the weekend of the 28th of Dec got a strip view room for 800 a night for my girlfriends birthday. Unlike any of my other stays at 4 seasons including this one as well at the Aviara, the Beverly Wilshire and Santa Barbara facilities they never even asked if it was a special occasion. The room was ok but sub par for the price but had a strip view. Room service was prompt and the food was good. Here is where it got ugly. Coming back to the Hotel at about 3 a.m. I picked a rose out of the lobby arrangement at which time a young man in his early twenties runs up and say you can’t do that “Man” . I asked to speak to the manager and he claimed he was the night manager. At this point the young man tells me that I have to pay 200 hundred for the flower arrangement since I took one out to which I agreed. Then he summons security and forcefully asks me for my signature for the flowers. Meanwhile the security is harassing my girlfriend for smoking while entering the lobby. After arguing in the lobby for nearly 2 hours this turned out to be the worst stay of my life in any hotel let alone a 4 Seasons property. I asked for Manager to call me when he came in the next day but to no avail. My experience in this hotel was certainly not in accord to what I expected based on the pitch “29 countries One Philosophy” and would certainly not suggest for a romantic getaway at this hotel. Both the Wynn as well as the Skylofts are superior choices while in Vegas. the funniest part was upon checkout when the lady asks my how my stay was and then when I expressed my displeasure she literally had no response.	
Dec 27 2007 	Extreme relaxation	My husband &amp; I spent our anniversary at the 4seasons. We have been going to vegas for over 10yrs-but this was the first time that we were so relaxed at our hotel that we did not want to leave the property. The staff was very attentive especially the pool staff. The rooms are spacious, the beds are very comfortable &amp; we had a coffeemaker &amp; refrig in our room. I went to the spa one day which was also very relaxing. On the day of our anniver-the staff of the hotel had a cake for us in our room.	
Dec 27 2007 	Top-notch!	WOW, that's all I have to say!I was in town when the NBA all star game was there and the airport had 6+ hour delay including traffic jam to get to the airport itself. The hotel heard that I had a flight leaving in 3 hours and gave me a complimentary limo ride to a &quot;VIP&quot; part of the airport that only high-rollers and celebrities usually get to use. Bottom line, I made my flight!Unbelievable service and that's only the beginning. Stay here if you can afford it!!!	
Dec 17 2007 	Not a single fault	This was my second stay at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas.What I liked the most: Extraordinary spa with some of the best therapists anywhere. The hotel is an oasisi of calm in Las Vegas. The service and quality of rooms is top notch.What I disliked: I had to move to the Embassy Suites for a meeting. I felt like Cinderella.This is the best hotel in Las Vegas and one of the top hotels in the USA.	
Nov 26 2007 	an oasis in the desert esp. if you're not into gambling	my family and i (with a 2 year old!) stayed at the four seasons in las vegas over thanksgiving weekend. generally, i agree with most of the reviews of the hotel, but wanted to highlight the following:1. the service is truly superior, esp. for las vegas. very consistent with four seasons globally. no request was too small, and everyone, from the front desk to the concierge to bellmen to car drivers to the restaurant staff, was friendly and efficient.2. we loved the intimate setting. you will NOT feel like cattle (like you do at most large casino resorts in vegas / restaurants / the airport, spas etc.)3. we loved the fact there was no casino (none of us are major gamblers). no smoke-filled lobbies, clanging slot machines, etc. however, access to mandalay bay's casino is fast and easy through the four seasons elevators.4. the hotel is incredibly kid friendly, and caters to them. our 2 year old had a great time, and the staff was very kind to him. milk &amp; cookies on arrival, little stuffed animal gifts, great patience in the restaurant, really good kids menus, etc.5. the spa was first rate, and not too crowded. the waiting area had about 10 seats, compared to more than 50 women in robes and slippers waiting around at canyon ranch at the venetian (where we stayed last time).6. the verandah was probably one of the best four seasons hotel restaurants we've ever encountered (and we've been to a lot of them!) truly great food (not haute cuisine, but just simple, well executed dishes) and fine service. the sunday brunch was memorable (they actually make small portions of everything so you can sample!)this is NOT the hotel you want if you're looking to party / shop / gamble in the heart of the strip (i'd stay at the venetian or bellagio for that). cab rides there were about $15 each way and a pain in the neck. but for us, the four seasons was as close to perfect as possible in las vegas.	
Nov 25 2007 	Very luxury!!	Four season is excellent!!! Our luxury strip view deluxe room was surperb. The view is absolute wounderful at the evening. The cleanears cleans the room many times a day...perfect! And the stuff is very service minded but they except much tip....The breakfast....was the best breakfast ever but a little bit to expensive for us. This hotel is perfect but for us a 4 star hotel had been enough. Four season is to luxury for us. But for a few nights it´s lovely...	
Nov 17 2007	4 Seasons always in season	I have stayed at most every big hotel casino in Las Vegas over the years. Staying away from the 4 Seasons because of what I though was it's lack of casino. Well was I wrong! For those of you who like I have been put off by this, don't. This hotel is basically 2 hotels in one. Topic notch hotel and service of the 4 Seasons, with the Mandelay Bay and it's great restaurants and pools at your finger tips. What a combination! I loved my stay. No need to leave the property except for shopping. They need help in that department. I will stay here from now on!	
Nov 15 2007 	Great hotel consistent with other FS experiences	This was my first time staying at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas. I stayed here for 3 nights for business. I'm not a gambler and dont really enjoy having to walk through a casino floor to get to my room. So I really liked the fact that although the Four Seasons is located in the Mandalay, there's a separate entrance. I also liked the private pool and though the lunch at Veranda restaurant was very good. Aside from that this FS was consistent in service and experience to other FS properties I've stayed at.	
Nov 5 2007 	A little bit of heaven in the middle of Sin City	I recently stayed at the Four Seasons in Vegas for a trade show. I wish it wasn't so pricey so I could stay there when I'm paying the tab...but then I guess it wouldn't be the Four Seasons for long.Check-in was flawless. A nice touch is when the doorman asks your name and then says welcome back...are they primed to do this each day for returning guests? The front desk was helpful as always...even accommodated me with a room change so I could be close to the elevator...had stomach surgery the day before this trip and didn't feel like walking down those long halls.I had a view of the LV airport which was just fine. I booked their cheapest rate, I didn't expect a strip view. Due to my surgery-induced laziness, I ordered room service for dinner both nights. The first night was uber-prompt...the 2nd night was not. I had to call down and check on my food. I was told it would be here in five minutes. Ten minutes later the room service manager called and said my food was sent to the wrong room and would be brought up right away. Ten more minutes and I received another call that the food was cold when it was brought to my door so they were re-cooking it...and there'd be no charges for dinner...and they included a couple Coronas and some ice cream.You definitely don't feel like you're in Vegas at this joint. Especially when it comes time to catch a cab. Most Vegas strip hotels have cabs lined up waiting to go...the Four Seasons rarely had a cab line which meant you had a 10 minute wait or so...but with free cold water bottles.The Four Seasons just knows how to do it. First class all the way.	
Nov 1 2007 	Outstanding in every respect	My wife and I have just returned from a blissful stay at the LV Four Seasons. We know the hotel well as we were married there 6 years ago and decided to return for an Anniversary visit. The staff exceeded our every expectation.The stay began with what could have been a bit of a bump, but it was smoothed out so nicely that it actually made the trip even more delightful. We had anticipated an early arrival and had ade arrangements for an early check in. We arrived only to find that one room wasn't vacated, blah, blah, blah...The helpful desk clerk assured me that he would take care of it and took a cell number. Less than 30 minutes later, he called and offered me a suite for my trouble. While I have never had a bad Four Seasons experience, this took the cake...the room was absolutely stunning. Lovely views, spacious, well kept--in short, exactly what expected from this wonderful chain.Not only did the desk person take care of this, he made arrangements for a cake to be sent up while we were at dinner. What a lovely surprise.We had two wonderful breakfasts at the hotel--the Veranda--and were delighted. I could have stayed the entire day, just drinking yummy coffee and reading.The valet staff were top notch--car always ready when we called down and always had water waiting for us.If given a choice, I don't think that I will ever stay in another hotel in any city, and will certainly NEVER stay in any other hotel in Vegas.Thanks Four Seasons!!	
Oct 27 2007 	Excellent - service outstanding.	We arrived on July 22 from the UK with Virign flying prem econ. the flight was very good and the terminal in vegas was very swift.Arrived at hotel at approx 3pm, room we had booked was superior non strip view.Room was not ready so they upgraded us after about 10 minutes to next category.Whilst checking in comp bottled water was offered,Escourted to lift then made way to room , room was a good size , lots of space and good wardrobe space, bathroom was a good size, bags arrived very quickly, and gadgets in room explained by porter .Room has fresh coffee and tea (comp ) as well as free bottled water, good bathroom products.Turn down was very goodour stay was over two trips and was in total 8 days.Moderate rooms look over the airstrip and are def of the airport , floor to ceiling windows.Return visit was strip view and absoutely excellent but would book non strip room as well as view was different .Outstanding service from conceirge and pool guys and verdannah resturant. Always had great tables in resturants booked outside of hotel by conceirge.Would only ever stay at this hotel in vegas.a great hotel in vegas , forget the non casino thing, the fact that there are only 400 rooms gives you great service, comp water (anytime) great personal service, and the casino is by a private door into mandaly bay, and no wait for cabs or check in lines.	
Oct 19 2007	Outstanding Hotel/Service	My husband and I stayed at the Four Seasons for a mini-honeymoon/40th birthday. I asked the operator if there was anyplace special shecould suggest for a restaurant. She refered me to the concierge. Not only that, but our concierge sent us a letter in advance of our visit asking if we needing anything else. Upon arrival in our room, we were greated with a nice chocolate cake and a nice note congratulating us on our honeymoon. Every person that we encounted called us by name. That was very impressive. It was really nice being so close to Mandalay Bay casino,but yet far enough away. The spa services were amazing. We can't wait to stay there again.	
Oct 7 2007 	Wonderful	The best hotel stay ever, great pool. Stayed in the prem. Strip view room, worth every penny! Best service I have had in my life. Stayed with my husband a couple years age, going back with my husband, brother and sister-in-law.	
Oct 3 2007 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else	My husband and I have just returned from a short 4 day stay in Las Vegas where we stayed at the Four Seasons. It was a wonderful experience. The entire stay was calm and serene. Our check-in was smooth and everyone we can into contact with was extremely pleasant and helpful. Housekeeping was phenominal; I never saw a piece of paper on the floor and there was always someone cleaning something somewhere. I became ill the first night we were there and was comtemplating going to a hospital. My husband went to the front desk to speak to someone and within 5 minutes there were 2 security guards and the night manager at my door. Luckily my problem resolved and I didn't have to go to the hospital. The next day I received a note from the Assistant Manager inquiring about my health along with a plate of pears, chocolate covered strawberries and a large bottle of &quot;Four Seasons&quot; bottled water! The night manager also left a message on our voicemail inquiring about my condition and offered her assistance whenever we needed it. This was a really nice touch! Also nice was the ice cold water bottles placed in your car when it was retrieved from the valet.We were just a 2 minute walk to the Mandalay Bay shops, restaruants and casino. The only downside was this hotel is at the end of the strip, so it was necessary to take the tram from the Mandalay Bay to the Excalibur and then walk across the pedestrian bridge to the MGM to get the monorail ($5 per ride) if you wanted to get to the center of the strip. We gladly did this though and returned to the relative calm of the Four Seasons once we had our fill of the hustle and bustle of the strip.	
Sep 17 2007 	a class by itself.	I have to agree wholeheatedly with the last 2 reviews from early Sept.Hotel staff call you by name after a day! Express elavator to the 35th to the 39th floor.never had to wait for more than a minute.After 2 visits to the evening bar ,it was ,&quot;the usual Dr Prahlad??&quot; from the bartender,I&quot;ve never had that in a long time.!!And the final touch was ice cubes made of frozen ice tea in the iced tea ,so it does'nt get watered down.Got a great rate from [---]call for specific questions only.	
Sep 12 2007 	Does not get better	Quiet, refined, relaxing, first class. You can find better rooms. You can find better bars. You can find better pools. However, you can not find a better combination of all amenities presented with an unpretentious, customer focused and believe it or not in Vegas, nice, friendly staff. Rude is not acceptable on this property. Staff shows real concern for your satisfaction.	
Sep 6 2007 	Best for non-Gamblers Romantic Luxury	A bit of a secret, the Four Seasons rooms are at the top of Mandalay Bay, but are all Four Seasons with the usual over the top service and amenities. If you don't want to walk through a casino to navigate your hotel, this is the place for you. A traditional 5 star hotel lobby (no slots, no smoking, etc), a soothing, quiet, luxurious ambiance. The staff are not just eager to serve, but make you feel like you are the only one in the place. Rooms are top notch -- 42 in plasma with DVD, VCR. Huge bathrooms with soaking tubs, fluffy robes, massive towels, spa toiletries. Fabulous beds with down pillows and comforters. Floor to ceiling windows with views of the mountains or the Strip (since the 4S is at the extreme south end, you get a great view!). In room coffee, tea, fridge and apples at the front and spa desk everyday. Complimentary bottled water. My favorite touch was a dimmer switch on every lamp. I could read at night without bothering my spouse or we could dim the lights to watch a movie. Top notch spa on site. The pool is not huge, but has two whirlpools and is attached via a card access gate to the 11+ acres of Mandalay Bay's &quot;water park&quot; like pool area. Teens would LOVE it. So, you get the best of both worlds. Slip on your suit, meet the pool staff at the entrance to the pool and they will set up the chaise of your choice (shade or no?) with a cushy terry chair cover, give you a huge fluffy towel and bring you a pitcher of ice water. Need a spritz of Evian over you to keep cool? Cucumber slices for your eyes? No problem, and on the house. Poolside bar and food service available and not at bad prices either. A delicious fruit smoothie was $8 and large grilled chicken salad $15. When you tire of the calm classic music and the pampering, just take your 4S card key with you and go down the path to the adjacent Mandalay Bay pool complex where rock music blares and you have access to lazy river, wave pool, sandy beach, etc. Bring your blow-up tube from home to avoid the $20 per day charge for renting tubes and you're all set. Need some choices for eating out, again, you've got the best steakhouse in Vegas in the Charlie Palmer right there at the Four Seasons or a raft of restaurants in the adjacent M. Bay hotel. If you want gambling, that's there too. But, back in the Four Seasons cocoon, you can forget about the smoking, loud, bright side of Vegas...until you're ready for the night on town. And then, you can hop a cab, or from the Mandalay Bay, take the free tram as far as the Excalibur. Then, you are in the heart of the south strip with lots in an easy walk. My only wish was that they would keep the pool open after dark. We didn’t have our kids this time, but they had lots of accommodations for little people.	
Sep 3 2007 	World Class Hotel	I booked this hotel based on comments from Trip Advisor and it was perfect and just as people described. This was part of a round trip in the US and we had no desire to go to Las Vegas but realised it was a good base from which to see the Grand Canyon. My husband and I travelled with our two sons Age 12 and 10 and they loved Vegas. The Four Seasons has the top four floors of the Mandalay Bay hotel, and as a result is very quiet, there is no gambling at the hotel ( which means it is a haven of tranquility ) but has the advantage of having access to the facillities of the Mandalay Bay Hotel - notably the huge swimming pool with the wave machine and Lazy Man's river which the boys adored. The service was excellent from the moment you walked in the door - with water on arrival to counter the 115 degree heat. We were a little early to check in but they let us have one room immediately and phoned us a soon as the other room was ready. The children's bathroom had alphabetical sponges in each of their names, laid out in their bathroom, and on returning to their room in the evenings they were provided with Coca Cola and Popcorn - not quite what you wanted them to have a bed time but a nice touch nevertheless.The concierges were incredible and had every possible information at their finger tips and were able to book shows instantly - I would say the best concierge we have ever experienced. We were only there 2 nights but saw two shows and visited the Grand Canyon by helicpopter ( 30mins drive away for pick up ).Overall it was a great stay with the Four Season making everything perfect in Las Vegas. ( We did not go for the gambling... )	
Sep 2 2007	Okay stay	Let me start of by saying that I've stayed at the MGM, Mirage, Wynn, and Ritz Carlton Vegas. I've read many reviews regarding the FS Vegas location and agree on most comments. Room:The rooms are bland (if not borderline dull and a little outdated). We had a premier strip view delux room. Only 1 sink in the bathroom with separate toliet closet, and nice shower. The room was large with a 46 inch flat screen lcd television. But the furnishing was outdated and the bed wasn't all that comfortable at all. I rate the room B+Room Service:I called down for espresso shot and cappuccino and the room service attendant was rude. He implied that the wait would be long because they were backed up. And said something along the lines of &quot;if you really want coffee, it'll take 25-40 minute&quot;. I asked regarding if they had pasteries with my coffee and what kind and he said &quot;yes but we don't really have time&quot;. This kind of answer is horrible. I rate this a FLocation:Although most people like the fact that it is not a casino resort, that was really one of the turn offs for us. You come all the way to Vegas and then you want to be in a non-casino destination? Well, perhaps you should go somewhere else then. We've stayed at the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas resort and it beats this resort hands down as far as &quot;non casino&quot; resort and the tranquility of it. This resort is not kid friendly either. There is no kiddy pool or services catering kids. I rate the pool -- BPrice:Our price on a Saturday evening for a premier strip view room was $525. Not cheap considering the Wynn had a parlor Suite at $499 during the same time and the Bellagio had a Penthouse suite listed for $599. The FS Vegas resort is by far one of the more expensive hotels in Vegas. I rate the room -- F.Service:Other than the fact that room service stinks, the bellman was nice, valet was efficient and informative, he front desk was professional, and the concierge did what was asked. So A++ for service and professionalism.Overrall:If you desire a non vegas destination while being close enough to gamble, I would recommend the Ritz Carlton Lake Las Vegas or the Westin Vegas resort. For the price, the FS Vegas has not met my expectations.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great FS experience	Just returned from a 6 night stay at FS Vegas. It was our fourth time in the city and were really looking forward to our break, having always been very pleased with other FS properties we have been to. It turned out we were not disappointed. The FS provides the ultimate balance in great service ( so often missing from even the best mega hotels on the Strip ) and easy access to the glitz and glamour that makes a Vegas break. Rooms are typical FS, quietly classy, but its the service that makes it stand out. Every member of staff seemed so attentive , especially at the pool, which is is delightful. The food at Verandah was also very good, although would agree with previous poster that a separate lounge bar would be good, as Verandah closes early. All in all a really great hotel , and having stayed at The Wynn last year ,and Venetian a few years back, the best that Vegas has to offer (although I do believe that first timers should try out the big hotels first , just to make it clear where the differences are ! ). As a travel agent who has been to many 5 star properties around the world this comes highly recommended.	
Aug 19 2007 	Best in Vegas Four Seasons	This hotel is the best in vegas, if you want to stay away from the crowds. They cater to your every whim. I noticed that when they made dinner reservations for you you get the best tables at the restauarant of your choice. We had a strip view room which was very nice, nothing outlandish. The pool is nice and quit and they come around with frozen towels, evian spritz, ice's. The staff at the pool is great. If you love steak (as I do) You must go to SW at the Wynn. Simply the BEST. Dare I say better than Luger's.Enjoy.	
Aug 19 2007 	Peace away from the Strip	Having previously stayed at FS in Maui which was absolutely perfect, we decided it would be good to have another FS experience. I have rated it as above average, and for the most part, it is. It was lovely to be able to return in the evening after a tiring day to a quiet hotel with its welcoming door staff and lobbies. It desperately needs a lounge bar so that guests can have a quiet drink before retiring to bed. We found the Concierge staff, namely Adrian, Leilani, Stephanie, Nikki and Denise extremely helpful, knowledgeable and very friendly. Sadly the same could not be said of the front desk staff with the exception of Brandon who was lovely.My husband and son spent every morning of our 7 day stay at the pool and were very impressed by the attentiveness of the staff, especially Z.The room was very comfortable, as were the beds. We did encounter the construction work noise as mentioned by others and felt that we should have been warned by the front desk staff but weren't. After complaining we did receive $30 per day as a serenity package. Also our air conditioning did not work properly and often woke us in the middle of the night with what can only be described as the sound of a lady screaming. It also did not feel as cool as it should have done. Housekeeping for the most part did a good job but occasionally missed certain things like putting in enough toiletries or not putting the coffee and water in our rooms and Laundry managed to shrink one of my shirts that went for laundering but otherwise it was fine.We were lucky enough to be given a lift in the courtesy car on three occasions and felt very well looked after overall. The taxies with the exception of two, were absolutely fine and always took the quickest routes. One word of warning to UK travellers, it is advisable to carry photo ID as some places will refuse to serve you without it. The majority just need to check a signatory ID against your credit card. We encountered the rudest woman we'd ever met when we tried to get into Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay who insisted on seeing photo ID and when we told her that we don't carry photo ID in the UK, she argued with us and became very hostile, refusing our entry, then angrily flashing her hands in a dismissive way and then proceeded to bad mouth us to her colleagues in full view of a waiting queue. We had not raised our voices once and did not feel that her retaliation was either necessary or justified. Sadly we didn't get another opportunity to go back there but found we saw and did plenty anyway.	
Aug 10 2007	Peaceful	Lovely setting on top of Mandalay Bay. Serenity upon entering. Room very spacious. Was there for my birthday, the date for which was given on my reservation. They got the date wrong, but did leave a little cake in my room. At the far south end of the strip which was a bit of a hike to all the other hotels. Taxi drivers consistently tried to rip us off. &quot;I only have $6. I'll keep the rest, OK?&quot; - trying to turn his tip into a $10 one.	
Jul 31 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	My wife and I stayed at the Four Seasons for a business conference. Certainly the fact that my business paid for the stay helped make the cost of the stay more palatable. On the other hand, the experience from the front desk staff to the housekeeping was top notch. The nicest thing about it was that there was no casino on the first floor so it was a nice escape from the smoke and noise that Vegas is known for for. One downside is that there was required valet service if you wanted to park your car overnight, which cost $16/night. Good news is that you can park at Mandalay Bay for free if you're willing to take a short walk from Four Seasons. The room itself was very nice though I didn't think it was any bigger than the Venetian. Toiletry was very nice from L'Occitane. Nightly turndown service with 2 bottles of water made coming in from100 degree summer heat very welcome. Extensive TV channels on flat screen tv is nice, though we didn't spend a ton of time in the room. Overall, I found the experience excellent though I'm not certain personally I would have paid the rack rate of $500/night.	
Jul 12 2007 	Construction Noise 	If you're thinking about staying at the Four Seasons any time soon, be warned. The construction noise from the Mandalay Bay Hotel (floors below) travels up to even the top floor of the Four Seasons (where we were staying). During our vacation, the jack-hammering would begin between 7 a.m. and 9 a.m. and would extend, intermittently, until 5 p.m. This was not exactly the relaxing stay which we had expected, and the Four Seasons' staff did not appear to care about the situation. In fact, we got the feeling that they were tired of hearing guests repeatedly complain. However, with the Four Seasons' reputation, and the prices charged for the rooms, we certainly expected a wonderful experience, and we were quite dismayed by our treatment.Another disappointing aspect of our stay was the terrible front desk staff. The women at the front desk/reception, in particular, were unfriendly, demeaning and snobby. They give you far less than a &quot;five star&quot; welcome.On the positive side of things, the pool service was top-notch, and the breakfast at the Verandah restaurant was outstanding. Beyond those two &quot;high points,&quot; we fail to see what makes this property an oasis in the desert. We have had better experiences at Caesar's Palace!So, it's a mixed bag at the Four Season, but we certainly would not recommend anyone booking this property, at least until the construction at Mandalay Bay is complete.Happy travels!	
Jul 11 2007 	Top Quality Service	This was the best stay my husband and I have ever had in a hotel!!The service at the four seasons was out of this world.The hotel was a wonderfully tranquil oasis amongst the chaos and crowds of the 'Vegas Casino Scene'. It almost feels like you are in a completely different place. This is great as you can truly relax at the four seasons but still have the casino and nightlife experiences right next door at the Mandalay Bay and beyond.We particularly enjoyed the relaxed and attentive service at the pool so much that we spent everyday there. In contrast we took a look at the Mandalay Bay pool next door which was crowded, noisy and not at all relaxing...it still looked fun but more geared towards children and teens.The Breakfast Service at the verandah restaurant was excellent also.Our room was of average size but beautifully decorated with attention to detail. We also found the concierge to be most helpful in recommending and booking shows and putting us on the guestlist for some of the hottest lounges and nightclubs in town.We enjoyed our Vegas experience but even more so the peace and attentive service we received at The Four Seasons.	
Jul 7 2007 	Tranquility in Vegas	If you want to avoid crowds at the check in counter, at the elevators, and everywhere else in Vegas, this is the hotel for you. The room size is average, comparable to Mandalay Bay. Different amenities of course! after all it is a Four Season hotel. There is even a coffee machine inside the room with good coffee too. All hotels in Vegas have no coffee machine inside their rooms including Bellagio hotel. Such a hassle to order a room service just to have a cup of coffee first thing in the morning plus having to spend over $25 for your first cup of coffee. It's insane. I don't mind paying more for coffee when I am having my breakfast but most of the time I cannot eat right away.	
Jul 4 2007 	Good hotel but average by FS standards	The primary advantage of FS Las Vegas is not its rooms which are almost the same as the adjoining Mandalay Bay hotel, nor its pool, which is tiny compared to others, but its calm quiet environment. It is a refuge compared to the riotous bustle of the other large hotels.At check in, there was no one in line and we were checked in quickly and efficiently. Upon learning that we had no bags we needed help with, the receptionist walked us half way to the elevator banks and it was self service from there. I found that a bit odd. Definitely not like other FS properties.We had the Mountain or otherwise the full Monty airport view with a side way glance towards the Strip. Because FS is at the top of Mandalay Bay, even a 'cheap' view affords better views than most regular hotels. The room was standard FS and came with a flat screen TV.What is worth recommending is the breakfast at the Veranda restaurant. A simple corn beef hash with eggs takes on a new meaning when it is executed to perfection. And you have the benefit of outdoor seating near the pool.Yes, the FS pool is small and quiet if that is what you want, although you won't escape the music blaring from the nearby Mandalay pool club. But the Mandalay Bay pool area is worth checking out if no other reason than to people watch and enjoy the wave pool.Overall, there was nothing spectacular about FS Las Vegas although I might try staying next time at more central properties like the Venetian if nothing else than to save myself from walking a lot in the 110 degree heat.	
Jul 4 2007 	Everything I expected it to be	Rooms: Met my high expectations for a Four Seasons property. Excellent beds, linens, pillows. Beautiful floor to ceiling window view of the strip, very quiet. Huge bathroom. Nice bar area. Very good coffee.Pool: Amazing! Beautiful, like being in some far away exotic place.Location: Really appreciated being removed from the casino noise and crowds. Mandalay Bay is right next door with a keyed entry for Four Seasons guests. Easy to take free tram to Luxor, Excalibur. Taxi’s always available to take you anywhere else.Staff: Always very friendly and helpful – Gets even the simple things right, making for a special experience. Like the Elevator “Concierge” who saw you coming and pressed the button and black napkins when you’re wearing black pants at the Veranda restaurant. Services: The best massage and facial of my life time. Expensive but felt worth the splurge.Housekeeping: Met expectations but had a couple of misses for a small maintenance issue that was overlooked, a newspaper request that was overlooked and failed to notice and replenish a prior request.Concierge: Mixed but overall very good–a call ahead for a restaurant recommendation missed the mark – food / view was great but the mood / ambience we were looking for totally missed the mark – incredibly loud–missed an opportunity to guide and set expectation for challenges to see the Grand Canyon via new glass walkway (double the time you think you will need to get there and back)–a separate call for a reservation with another concierge got us the best seat in the house for a great meal at Jasmine overlooking the Bellagio fountains–at the hotel - helped me by printing boarding passes for a late flight–very nice to be able to return our rental car at the Four Seasons for later pick up by the agencyBreakfast / Lunch / Dinner: all were wonderful on the Veranda – great food, great staff, beautiful setting by the gorgeous poolSpecial surprises: When I made my reservation through the 800#, I requested a late check out due to an 11pm flight. They couldn’t accommodate my request at that time and suggested that I reserve an extra night. I declined the option. I asked again on the day I was due to check out and they had already noted my prior request and accommodated me with an 11:30pm check out. Good example of doing everything you can think of to please a guest.Tips: Ask the Taxi driver to take you “the back way” to avoid traffic – Quicker = Cheaper	
Jun 28 2007 	Big Disappointment	We were very disappointed with the Four Seasons. To start with the “Mountain” view is really an Airport view. We tried to take a nap when we first got there, but there were very loud construction noises. The staff claimed it was from the Mandalay Bay over 10 floors below us. We found it hard to believe that the sound could be that deafening that many floors away. The staff claimed there was nothing they could do about the noise, nor did they offer any solutions. I asked if they could give us another room and claimed that it wouldn’t make any difference. When I questioned this a little further, they said they would look into getting us a quieter room and never followed up. Fortunately, the construction only lasted for 2 days. Also, the air conditioner made a high pitched squealing noise that could not be fixed. The housekeeping staff didn’t show up the second day after numerous calls to the staff. We engaged the concierge for help with a sold out concert. I questioned the price of the tickets they were quoting me, went on line, contacted the very first ticket broker in Las Vegas I found and got the same tickets for $150 less than what the concierge quoted us. We ended up extending our trip by one night since we wanted to attend this concert, instead of going to another hotel, which we should have, we simply stayed at the Four Seasons one more night. When we returned from the concert late that night, neither room key worked. When we contacted the front desk they acted as if they didn’t know what we were talking about. When they actually looked us up in the system and realized they had made a mistake they sent security up to our room to let us in. Security insisted on walking into our room with us like we were con artists and were not apologetic. After security was satisfied it was our room and that we had in fact extended our trip, they said they would have 2 new room keys delivered to our room. We waited for about an hour, no room keys showed up, we decided to go to the casino on last time before we left Vegas. A couple hours later, we returned to the hotel, went to the front desk for a room key. When we got back into our room, guess what, no room keys had been delivered. Overall, the facilities were sub par, but the staff was terrible. We were nothing but understanding with the staff and they seemed to have a contagious attitude of indifference. When we checked out the next day, I pleasantly handed the individual helping us one of my business cards and ask that the GM contact me for some feedback since speaking with other mangers didn’t seem to have any impact. They ensured me I would be contacted that day. I have yet to hear from anyone at the hotel. I would not recommend staying at the Four Seasons. There are many great hotels in Las Vegas with staff that actually cares about your comfort and experience.	
Jun 26 2007 	Viva Las Vegas	We stayed at the Four Seasons for my husbands birthday on June 12th and we were the &quot;lucky couple&quot; previously mentioned who got the two drinks whilst waiting for our room to be ready, probably because we drink quite fast!!Adrian the concierge was just perfectly helpful with everything we asked and got us a great table for dinner at Joel Ruberchon's restaurant (just opposite Celine Dion's table) and the best thing was he is ENGLISH.  When the pool closed early without any advance warning Sung the Pool Manager did her best to compensate us and I did suggest to Matthew the director of rooms that the hotel should adopt a &quot;cruise policy&quot; and notify all guests of any closures or disruptions that will affect their enjoyment of the hotel's facilities.On my husband's actual birthday, we were welcomed with birthday greetings from the pool attendants and an ice-cream birthday cake with lunch which more than made up for the previous evening's pool closure.Housekeeping was exceptional throughout the hotel with wonderful giant displaysof every type of flower imaginable all grouped in single colours. Shiny marble floors throught the ground floor and wonderful thick carpeted corridors to the bedrooms.The Occitane toiletries were wonderful for my hair and skin, I never use hotel toiletries normally preferring to use my own, but these were top quality.After walking down the strip and visiting other hotels, it was just wonderful to return to the calm of the Four Seasons.	
Jun 25 2007 	Average Superior Room	I stayed here for 2 nights on June 19th 2007.The valet/bellman grabbed our bags and said he would bring them up to the room, I tipped him $20 which I think is fair for 2 bags. We arrived early at 130pm and our room was ready, with very fast check-in. I requested a 6 pack of Corona in the room for when we arrived, it was not in there so I called down and they brought it up for us. After about 30 mins, I called down and asked for our bags which they brought up, however I was surprised it took them that long for me to even have to call down there.The pool is secluded and private, had breakfast down there and it was good. As previous reviews the pool service is excellent and the bartender at the bar actually helped us out with ideas of where to go at night to have a drink.The superior room was very average, and kind of warm (hot temp). i wish I would have opted for the moderate room and saved 100 per night, however we did recieve the 50 credit per day. The flat screen tv is nice, internet for $10 for 24 hours, the bathrooms clean and nice, however minimal toiletries. The hotel is mainly for couples or the business traveler/family traveling with children (pets), I was with the boys and felt kind of out of place there without my wife LOL. The hotel is located on the top floors of the Manadalay, however, it had relatively quick access to Mandalay casino and pool (a short walk).The spa was nice, however they did not have a jaccuzi, but the spa essentials were all there and I had a nice massage. I feel that the spa at the Palms and Aladdin were just as nice if not nicer.Overall I like the hotel, however I was not impressed with the rooms, especially the one I had.Staying at the FS in Jakarta in two weeks, i will post on that one, since there has not been a updated review on that one lately. Safe travels	
Jun 25 2007 	One of the best	In all the travel that I do around the world and all the hotels I stay at, I must say that the Four Seasons in Las Vegas is definitely up there with the best....I do not like Las Vegas, but sitting outside the hotel near the pool, you would not even know you are in the gambling city of the world. It is peaceful, relaxing and very luxurious. The service is fantastic and the staff is extremely helpful. The rooms are beautiful with a very comfortable bed and a fantastic bathroom.	
Jun 22 2007 	Service Excellent but Rooms need upgrading	We stayed here for 3 nights and although it was a very pleasant stay Im not sure its the THIRD best hotel in Vegas! The girl who checked us in was slightly abrupt and not as pleasant as other staff members we met. The room was large but definitely starting to look worn and was in need of renovating. The hotel is nice, but really all of the facilities are in Mandalay bay, which doesn’t have the same number and standard of restaurants and bars that other hotels do.Also the pool at M-bay charges a jaw dropping $20 to RENT the tubes you go floating down the lazy river in - TWENTY DOLLARS!!!! You can buy them in CVS for FIVE!!!! Surely they could provide them for FREE!!!! Its extortion of families of the worst kind!M-bay and four seasons is not really convenient to the strip action - to get anywhere you had to get a lift 35 floors, walk through M-bay, get train to Luxor, walk through Excalibur, NY-NY and MGM to get train up strip - doesn’t look too far on a map but in 112 degree heat it got to be a bit much!The one area it does excel in is the standard of housekeeping! If there is some kind of hotel Oscars, the house keeping staff at Four seasons would win hands down! They folded clothes, lined up shoes, plugged in my straightener, etc etc etc - all done twice a day - they really worked staggeringly hard (and I hope they are paid accordingly!)Other than that, if I was going back to Vegas I wouldn’t stay here - Id go with the Venetian instead!	
Jun 21 2007 	I have no complaints!	My husband and I stayed here June 18-20 for the HP Executive Series Conference that was taking place both at Mandalay and Four Seasons. While my husband was at sessions all day Monday and Tuesday, and I was at the pool. This pool was on par with pools I have been to in Hawaii (at Hyatt Regency Poipu and Four Seasons Wailea) in both levelof service and grounds upkeep. It felt very relaxing and tropical....a far cry from the thumping music and crowded scene at the Mandalay pool. The nice thing about being at the Four Seasons is that you havethe option of sitting at the Mandalay Pool Area but the Mandalay guests can not come to the Four Seasons pool. At the pool at Four Seasons you get very comfy lounges, shade or sun, pitcher of ice water with lemon, chilled towels, Evian spritz, fruit bars, and option of ordering at the bar or poolside for food/drinks. Room was great, very tastefully decorated, excellent turndown service, comfy bed, and awesome L'Occitane bath products. I ate breakfast at Verandah (Four Seasons restaurant) both mornings and was not dissapointed. It was very relaxing/tropical feel. Of course breakfastprices are higher here but do not let that deter you as you will be eating in a very comfortable environment on real silver(!) and will have exceptional service. It does not have the hurried and crazy vibe of eating in the casinos. I am only sorry we could not stay longer.Thank you to the kind gentleman at the door Monday evening who took my husband and I to Capital Grille in the Four Seasons house car. Very much appreciated!Oh, and I took part in the Savor the Simplicity Spa Package (50 min swedish, 50 min European Facial) -- also highly recommend doing that if you can! The spa facilities are great. Thank you Four Seasons for a very nice vacation.As far as the previous review dated June 17th, I did not have any customer service issues at all related to the pool area. They did close the Mandalay Bay pool early for a concert though.	
Jun 20 2007	Sanctuary in Vegas	I'm not a huge fan of Vegas, so it's wonderful to have a quiet WELL-RUN oasis in the city. Fantastic treatment from check-in on. Had a deluxe room with Strip view - nothinghighly unusual, but tastefully done &amp; well-appointed (the rooms at the HOTEL are larger, but the service is not as good &amp; the hotel is difficult to access).Pool is fabulous. Not necessarily the prettiest pool (my favorite so far is the Bangkok Peninsula), but staff &amp; service make the experience wonderful - a nice change from the frat party/cruise ship environment throughout the rest of hte city. The only drawback to hte hotel is that it's pretty far away from everything, since it's at the southerhn end of the Strip, but why would you want to leave?	
Jun 19 2007 	It's everything already stated but one strange observation	Room 39234, June 15-18 2007.Everything said before about the seclusion, privacy, service, facilities and the wonders of them is true. Everything said about the higher (some would say exorbitant/excessive) price for these superlatives is true. We only booked a Deluxe (one price point above the lowest) and were expecting airport views but lucked out and got a Strip view. So you might want to keep our room # in mind. We got the Oasis package and the credit went quickly but obviously helped. We didn't see or hear any pets the entire time.So, the strange thing. Our room was at the end of a very long, straight hallway. Because of the HVAC/air pressure/temp/whatever, anytime anybody in the hallway opened/closed their room door, a whoosh of air rushed through our doorjambs and made a quick, high-pitched, but very audible whistle, almost like a squeaky toy. If you are a light sleeper or have trouble in unfamiliar beds you CAN and WILL be awakened/stay awakened by this noise... it was even loud enough to drown a word or 2 on the television. I don't know if this is the only room like this in Vegas or maybe this is like every room in Vegas, but it was certainly like this in 39234. Thanks!	
Jun 17 2007 	Love the hotel but did have some problems....	When we checked in (after the 3pm check in time) I was given our room keys. It was the last door on the corridor and was about 200 steps from the lift! I had already told them we were there to celebrate my mother's 70th birthday and I had booked months in advance. I said the room was just too far for her. They finally conceded that we could have another room closer to the elevator but as the room was not ready, they could not give any indication of how long we would have to wait. We had just driven from Los Angeles that morning so we were very hot and tired. Finally a bell man took charge and spoke to a manager who did find us an alternative room but we lost our good view too and I had specifically asked for a Strip View. Anyhow we finally got our room nearly 2 hours after arriving and all we were given was two small bottles of water.The hotel is lovely and the staff friendly apart from one particular receptionist who was very unhelpful.A warning - they shut the pool some afternoons with no notice because of private parties. We had just got back from shopping and went down to the pool. We were told it was closing in half an hour. I could not believe it. Had we known we would have stopped in the afternoon and sat by the pool in the morning. Another UK couple was caught out by this too. I complained about the situation and the fact no notice of this private party had been given to any guests and we were given a free drink and they took off the bill our pool lunch the previous day. However this did not really make up for the fact that I would rather have sat by the pool. All guests had paid to use the pool and now they were selling it again to a private party. It was only by chance that I found out by speaking to the other UK couple that they had been told to wait in the bar for their room that was not ready upon their arrival and were given two free drinks each. I went back to the unhelpful receptionist who had dealt with us when we arrived and asked why that courtesy had not been extended to us and why we were just left to sit in reception waiting with our warm bottled water. She did not know what to say and got the manager who arranged the same thing for my mother and I that night!Basically you need to be aware of what is going on around you.The staff by the pool are pretty good except for Danny who nearly knocked me in the pool with a towel when I said I did want to sit by the pool if only half an hour (the day they were closing it!).The food was great and if I ever go to Las Vegas again I would certainly stay there but check out certain things like private parties first!	
Jun 7 2007	Paradise in Vegas	We routinely stay at many five star properties throughout the world ~ not bragging, just letting the reader know that we understand the level of service and quality that is needed to truly be called a five star property. The Four Seasons Las Vegas was one of the best. True, there were a couple minor problems, but overall, a memorable, wonderful experience! Starting off, we were ushered into a small but elegant lobby that was nearly empty. If anyone's been to Vegas, you know how chaotic lobbies can be. Once registered, we were escorted by the host towards the elevators. The gym is complimentary and we did use it a few times. It has nice new equipment, The pool is private, The service at the pool is AMAZING. The staff cpmes around with complimentary popsicles, orange slices, and evian water atomizer for your face. The buffet breakfast on Sunday should not be missed. The rooms are large and well decorated. The bath products are L'Occitane. I highly recommend this hotel. It is a nice get away from the Strip and the hustle and bustle of Vegas. Only complaint was the room was rather hot ~ they provided a fan, but still not sure why the room was hot with outside temps only at 100F (a cold spell for Vegas). Bottom line, you will not be disappointed with this property!	
Jun 4 2007 	A Fabulous Oasis	We just returned from a weekend stay from this wonderful hotel and I must say that I will probably never want to stay at another resort besides this one in future travels to Las Vegas. It is a beautiful property and just what you would expect from a Four Seasons.....great service, quiet ambience, beautiful rooms and wonderful food.We were upgraded to a &quot;specialty suite&quot; upon an early check in and it was outstanding. We especially loved the pool area with the super comfy chaise lounges, misters, shade option if you wish and great service. The food poolside was very good as were the drinks. We walked over to the Mandalay pool to check it out and it was madness...so many people, no shade, noisy and crowded. When we went back to the Four Seasons pool it was like a bit of heaven. If you are looking for a really relaxing place to unwind while in Vegas you can't go wrong at the Four Seasons.They will treat you right, I promise you.....	
May 29 2007 	Loved It!	We spent 10 days in this hotel and loved every minute. It offers a welcome sanctuary from the noise from the rest of the Las Vegas strip but is close enough to enjoy the strip as and when you want to.Our room was very good - we stayed in a suite with a strip view. It was large, immaculately clean with lots of luxurious touches that you would expect from this hotel chain. The service and friendliness of the staff was consistantly high from the moment we arrived - the pool staff were particularly good at making you feel like the most welcome and important guest they had. This hotel is elegant yet fun. Above all it is very flexible - because we were there 10 days they ensured we couldn't get tired of the menu or the hotel itself and often recomended alternatives that weren't on the menu for example.The Charlie Palmer restaurant was the only disapointing thing about the hotel - the quality of food and service just wasn't as good as the other high quality restaurants we ate in on our trip. Overall though we are looking forward to returning the Four Seasons soon.	
May 23 2007 	Fabulous Resort	Excellent resort for the family. Check-in was a surprise because we arrived into LAS at 7:00 AM &amp; our accomodations were ready. A very good beginning to our vacation. The room was beautiful &amp; all toiletries were excellent. Everyone was very friendly &amp; helpful. No complaints &amp; will definitely stay here again.	
May 23 2007 	Very nice hotel	The hotel is very nice overall and very close to perfect in my opinion. The service was stellar in almost every way, with the property being immaculate. The room that we had was a standard room with a non-strip view, however we still had what I thought was a beautiful view of the desert and mountains.The room was nicely appointed with great towels and bed linnens. It also had a big flat screen tv. The two restaurants(The Verandah and Charlie Palmer Steakhouse) at the hotel were great. Room service was spectacular andboy do you pay for it. Room service breakfast for two was around sixty dollars. The pool was immaculate with great service from the attendants. There were always chaise lounges to use with fresh towelslaid out for you along with a pitcher of ice water. The spa was greatas well! I had a massage and it was so perfect in every way. There isalso a complimentary gym to use. It had all sorts of cardio machines along with a decent set of nautlius machines and some free weights aswell.The Four Seasons is actually the top five floors of the Madalay Bay Hotel. However, the Four Seasons has its own entrances, reception/lobby, and pool. The Four Seasons is such a relaxing place to the point where I forgot I was in Vegas. And when I wanted to gamble or party I could just walk through a set of doors and be at the very nice Mandalay Bay Hotel in less than a minute. Most hotels in Vegas have several thousand rooms, hence you suffer as a guest when it comes to service and quality...not at the Four Seasons. I would for sure stay at the Four Seasons again with it being my first choice every time I am in Las Vegas. In fact, I don't think I will ever be able to stay at another mega resort in Vegas again since I got spoiled by the great service at the Four Seasons!	
May 9 2007 	Great for gluten free!	Had a 3 night stay and it was wonderful. The service was great. I am allergic to gluten and they took very good care of me. So much so that I ate every meal there. The pool is a great place to relax and order a meal. Only draw back and it was minor was that the connecting door to the adjacent room had no insulation. I could hear the girls next door talking in a normal tone of voice. Luckily they were not being loud but if you had the wrong neighbor it could be annoying.	
May 5 2007	always our favorite	This was our third stay here and we loved it as always. It is so peaceful, quiet, and the staff is wonderful. I booked online at the Four Seasons web site and got the package that give $50 credit per night. I have always gotten the best prices booking directly and the further in advance the better. I love how you arrive at a separate entrance from the Mandalay Bay madness, no wait to check in, the room isn't a mile from the front door, and the pool is perfect. We love laying by the pool since the service is top notch and we've even ordered off the room service menu. You have the option of using the Mandalay Bay pools but their guests can't use the Four Seasons. We looked at them but went back to &quot;our &quot; pool where someone is always ready to bring you a drink and the chairs are plentiful and comfortable. The concierge made all our dinner reservations before we arrived after I contacted them by email. There's never a cab line, room service is always prompt, accurate and tasty (though expensive), the Veranda restaraunt is very good and Charlie Palmer's steak house is our favorite steak place in Vegas. Other restraunts we went to this year: Mix-wouldn't recommend-food was good, not great, very overpriced, staff rude at check in for reservation.Bartolotta-awesome! We did the tasting menu which is pricey but worth it. All the seafood was great and so were the pastas. We saw the chef walking around the restraunt which is unusual to see those famous chefs actually on-site. Highly recommend it. We also ate at Olives-very good but nothing special; very loud-can't hear across the table. We saw &quot;O&quot; which was worth every penny and a great show. We also saw Prince who put on a great show. If you can get tickets (I called the Rio box office directly at the beginning of the month), its a fun performance of his newer stuff with a lot of other musicians.	
May 1 2007 	Beautiful Hotel - Amazing Service	We spent an amazing weekend at the Four Season in April as part of a group event. Our king room on the 38th floor had a spectacular view of the strip. The room was not huge (like The Hotel) but was plently big for the two of us. Great bed and 42 inch plasma. Great service from all the staff. The brunch buffet at the Verandah is not to be missed. Expensive but worth it. We'd love to return soon.	
Apr 27 2007 	The best of Las Vegas	I concur with previous reviews. this is a classy hotel and very quiet from the hubub of las vegas. Service is impeccable. Concierge did a great job with reservations for dinners and shows. I had one unusual occurence: When i checked out my mother left her eye glasses at the counter. The hotel security desk promptly called my home to alert me. I was surprised that they wanted my credit card number to send them to me. I just paid a 3200 dollar bill--it would not have killed their profit margin to send it regular mail for free.Over all i like this place. The pool is quiet and the location is good.	
Apr 21 2007 	a perfect hotel stay	The Four Seasons in las vegas is a calm oasis in an otherwise crazy city. It was a wonderful place to come back to--very beatiful, perfect service, great pool area, nice restaurants, lovely flower arrangements--a top notch hotel. The room are beautiful--our room was not ready when we arrived and we were upgraded to a huge one bedroom suite with a stunning view of the strip. Room service was timely and attentive. The best part--the pool attendants who lavish attention on the guest--bringing ice water with lemon, spritzing with cool water, cleaning sunglasses, passing around popsicles and cold orange slices--what a wonderful spot for a short vacation!!	
Apr 14 2007 	An Oasis of Calm	The Four Seasons Las Vegas offers a wonderful, comfortable stay for those that need a bit of calm and relaxation. Located atop the Mandalay Bay, the hotel has a separate entrance, Lobby, restaurants and facilities. You will be whisked away into a tranquil, luxurious world- the perfect foil to the otherwise hectic pace of Vegas. Gamblers should note that this property does not have a casino, but you can easily access the sprawling gaming floor of Mandalay Bay.Rooms are pretty much what you would expect from the Four Seasons. While not as large as some of the mini-suite accommodations offered elsewhere in Vegas, you will have all the usual comforts like mini-bar, marble bathrooms with robes, and exquisite L'Occitane toiletries. Decor is rather dated, a la early 90's luxury with a tropical twist, but that should not deter you. Try and splurge on a Strip View Room, or politely ask for an upgrade upon check-in (there may well be an extra charge, but it is worth it!).The hotel boasts its' own lovely pool area, much quieter than those found at the mega-resorts. Adjacent to the pool is a small but well-equipped exercise room (free of charge unlike most hotels of this caliber), as well as a soothing Spa. Treatments are fine though a bit expensive.Staff here are eager to please- we were constantly being offered complimentary use of the comfortable chauffered sedan (please tip the driver generously ). When we had a noise-related problem (see below) in our original room, we were moved to an enormous, beautifully appointed One Bedroom Suite complete with a jaw-dropping view all the way up the Strip. We had a full bath plus a large powder room near the front door, a wonderful living room area with adjacent office nook, and a large bedroom with many closets and that awesome view right from the king-size bed. We were also offered complimentary treats which arrived periodically out of the blue.....the chocolate-covered almonds were heavenly. We loved the fact that this hotel is one of the only that welcomes dogs and met several pampered pooches in the elevators. Some pets even have their own engraved dishes awaiting them upon arrival (those which are lucky enough to stay here regularly). On site are a cafe, a fine Steak House, and a seasonal poolside cafe as well as a lounge. Guests have signing privileges at a myriad of other eateries throughout the vast Mandaly Bay / THE Hotel complex....you can also try one of the other Spas.The only problem we encountered was that when we arrived back in our original room on the first night (Monday), we discovered that above us was an all-night party complete with live dj's playing directly above us. The problem stems from the fact that above the Four Seasons are the High-Roller Suites of Mandalay Bay, and also a popular nightclub operated by House of Blues. On Mondays the entire floor becomes a wild party open to the public. By all means, if staying over a Monday, do NOT stay on the top floor of the Four Seasons (Floor 39 if memory serves). I should mention that the problem was rectified beyond our wildest dreams (see above), and that the Front Desk staff assured us they had never had similar complaints.Staying here was an absolute joy in every other respect, and we cannot say enough good things about this fine property and its' incredible staff. We also enjoyed being connected through a discreet secured door to the fun chaos of the Mandalay Bay, yet having a wonderful oasis of calm and tranquility to go to when we had had enough noise and action.I should also mention that the other usual touches one would expect from a Four Seasons stay are also here.....fine food, great service and masses of fresh flowers.There is talk of the Four Seasons eventually opening a new Resort adjacent to one of the other Strip resorts. Perhaps this particular property could use a bit of freshening-up here and there, but all in all this was one of our best hotel stays ever and is highly recommended, especially if you are fortunate enough to afford a stay in one of the palatial suites. Splurge if you can, you will not be disappointed!	
Apr 10 2007 	Dignified Las Vegas? You've arrived.	Las Vegas has made every attempt to lure travelers to their ever so vibrant resorts and casinos. You will find a variety of tastes among hotels, but no hotel delivers a more dignified experience than the Four Seasons Las Vegas.Unique to this hotel, is its prime location, with few inconveniences often associated with most Las Vegas Hotels and Resorts. The Four Seasons Las Vegas is housed within the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casio, occupying floors 35-39 of this mega resort. The Four Seasons however acts as its own property, with a separate hotel entrance, restaurant facilities, pool area, spa etc. If you never left the hotel itself, you might be hard pressed to realize you were actually in Las Vegas. All Four Seasons guests have access to the Mandalay Bay Resort through several different private access doors. These access areas offer Four Seasons guest the ability to quickly walk to casino areas, shopping and other popular areas of Mandalay Bay. What's nice however is that you never have to see a casino, if you choose not to, when staying at the FS Las Vegas.The level of service was beyond impeccable, in every regard. Our every need was anticipated, met, and exceeded at all times throughout our stay. We had two connecting rooms, in the Deluxe Category, which offered views of the &quot;Strip&quot; I would however recommend choosing a mountain view, as there are less lights, and a nice view of the pool area. Rooms were classic Four Seasons in style, with extremely comfortable beds and luxurious furnishings. Since this hotel was originally opened, the rooms have been updated to reflect a more contemporary motif. The bathrooms were stocked with an abundance of amenities, along with a seamless glass shower and separate soaking tub.The Verandah restaurant was superb on every occasion. I would highly recommend the breakfast and lunch service. The pool and spa were fantastic, again offering a more private Las Vegas pool experience. You don't get the sense of overcrowding, and the level of service is in line with the rest of the hotel. The fitness center is also first class, featuring a variety of advanced machines.If your travel plans call for business or leisure, and you desire a peaceful stay, you will be delighted with the Four Seasons Las Vegas. Expect service and quality that rivals that of the competition. You won't find a better hotel in Las Vegas.	
Apr 2 2007 	BEST IN VEGAS!	We spent 5 days at this hotel with 100 of our guests for our wedding and everything was perfect. A great hotel in Vegas, where there is no smoking inside, (which is rare in Vegas) and no casino. The casino is upstairs at Mandalay Bay.... So still very nearby. The food was amazing, Pool was great with access to Mandalay's pools if you choose. Great Work out area too. The Concierge also organized for us to get on guest lists at many of the nightclubs in Vegas, which was a plus.Definetly recomend this hotel if you want to avoid all the lines up in Vegas at the, Taxis, buffets, etc....	
Mar 27 2007 	Wonderful Wedding	I just got married on March 17, 2007 at the Four Season Las Vegas and it was an amazing experience. I have never encountered better service at any hotel I have stayed at prior to this. Lauren Gross our catering manager ensured that everything from the ceremony to the cocktail hour to the dinner and the beautiful wedding cake was perfect. All of the vendors recommended by the Four Seasons for the flowers, photography and music were excellent as well. We were upgraded to a beautiful suite and came back after the wedding to chocolate dipped strawberries, champagne and flower petals in the shape of a heart on our bed. When my sister who was also a bridesmaid was stranded in NYC due to bad weather and Jetblue cancelling her flight (and all others), it was Summer the concierge who saved the day and found a flight for her that got her to the hotel with 3 hours to spare before the ceremony. I cannot thank Lauren, Summer, everyone in catering and all of the staff that made our wedding and our stay a completely unforgettable experience. My husband and I look forward to returning for our anniversary, if not sooner.	
Mar 26 2007 	A True Relaxing Stay in the Capital of Overstimulation	I spent a weekend here for a brief medical conference, but more so to &quot;take a breather.&quot; I thought I liked Vegas, but everytime I go, I realize more &amp; more that it is just one huge casino and that's it. A good show will change your pace a bit, but otherwise it gets old real fast. After checking in, I immediately left &amp; walked the strip, and in 2-3 hours I had enough.Returning back to the Four Season made me realize that this place truly is different. For once you don't have to walk through the casino to get anywhere like every single other hotel on the strip! Walk in the front door, go through the lobby, past the spa, and into the elevator. This was a true pleasure. Invaluable, in my opinion.Room was superb - love the plasma TV (but HD programming would help).Staff was extremely helpful all around. My conference has the hotel order meals for my dietary needs, and I only had to ask once about it. After that, every meal, I was approached and asked, &quot;Would you like your meal now, sir?&quot; Can't beat that.Of course, the casino is there if you want it. Just walk through the &quot;Mandalay Bay&quot; door and it hits you like you walked into an airport. The key to this is: you don't HAVE to walk through the door.(I admit: I did use the spa at the Luxor because my wife recommended it and the massages were cheaper. Great way to unwind.)	
Mar 12 2007	As always perfect...	Another visit at the Four Seasons Las Vegas and another perfect stay. After missing our flight due to a worse than expected snow storm and barely squeaking two standby seats away from two poor Irish travelers who missed their connection by minutes, arriving at the FSLV, addressed by name at the check in desk and upgraded without asking, soon put a chaotic morning and long trip in row 34, all far behind.It is a special quiet place amongst the clatter of Vegas. No lines to get into breakfast, no cast of thousands packed around the pool, a beautiful spa and gym with plenty of elbow room, staff that are attentive without being overbearing, a hotel town car to get you around town… A welcome oasis in the desert.	
Feb 25 2007	Adrian is a star!	Our decsion to stay at the four seasons was based on our decison to get married in Vegas on Xmas day. We wanted to stay in a sylish non gaming hotel to make our experience a special and memorable occasion. As usual, the four seasons did not let us down! It was understated elegance as usual. We did visit many hotels to have the full Vegas experience during ur stay, it was always a pleasure and relief to return to the non gaming oasis hotel!!!Having said that, our visit to &quot;The Hotel&quot; and &quot;The Mandalay Bay&quot; were truly memorable. The views from the bar at &quot;The Hotel&quot; are an absolute must. Breathtaking and the aquarium at the Mandalay Bay is a must. Our strip view from our room was brilliant and well worth paying extra for. I never tired when we returned to our room of taking in the Vegas view. Brilliant.I would love to have been able to say that our wedding and honeymoon experience with the four seasons was great. Our wedding in the Grand Canyon with the Maverick Helicopters was brilliant. However. in true four seasons understated way, our stay even though they knew it was our wedding and honeymoon went without acknokledgement with the hotel. Oh well, I suppose Vegas is satturated with weddings.If you need to book shows or arrange anything with the Hotel, insist on Adrian the English ex pat dealing with it. A lovely man and true star in pulling strings for last minute show tickets!We had a brilliant stay at the Hotel, when we return we will stay at &quot;The Hotel&quot;. BUt the Four Seasons was everything that we wanted as Virgin Vegas Visitors!!	
Feb 17 2007 	Peacefulness amidst the chaos of LV	My husband and I were at this hotel for 3 nights in October for a business trip. It was a great stay for people who were not in Vegas for the gambling/nightlife scene. Serene environment, lovely furnishings, etc.Our room was very good. We didn't go to Las Vegas for a good view out the window but overlooking the airport was a bit of a letdown.The restaurant in the hotel for breakfast was very good and we enjoyed a little time at the pool which was very quiet. Very good service in both places. Our favorite restaurant experience while we were in Las Vegas was Picasso. Terrific food, fantastic setting and great wines, plus original artwork.	
Feb 10 2007	Loved It!	Stayed here for 8 nights whilst on honeymoon. When we arrived, the hotel was so peaceful, staff were friendly and helpful and checkin was very quick. From then on it only got better, they even sent us up a chocolate cake with happy honeymoon on it which was really nice. The hotel is more expensive than others, but considering its a five star thats not surprising and if you have the money its definitely worth it. The rooms are large, the marble bathrooms are gorgeous, and I can honestly say this is the first hotel I have felt truly at home in. The maids are excellent, and always gave us privacy for example if we came back and they were cleaning our room. The Mandalay Bay is also an excellent location as it is connected to the Luxor and Excalibur Hotels which also have excellent facilities which the Four Seasons doesn't have such as a Starbucks and buffet breakfasts.Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again - absolutely loved it.	
Jan 21 2007 	Very nice hotel	This is a very nice hotel and the experience starts when you arrive. No noisy slot machines or casino sounds. Very elegant. I was taken to the Four Seasons for my 40th birthday. Unfortunately, I threw my back out the day before and could barely walk and was in a lot of pain. The front desk staff promptly rushed me into the spa for a back treatment. The massuer worked on me for an hour. When he was done, I was relieved of my pain and could at least stand up straight and walk. I was very grateful. The rooms are smallish, but tasteful and the service is immeccable. We would highly recommend this hotel for a nice retreat away from the typical Vegas strip hotels.	
Jan 21 2007 	First time and it was a charm!	This was our first stay at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas, and we knew it would be nice since it was a 5-star, 5-diamond hotel but we were impressed even beyond what we were expecting! We have been faithful Bellagio goers for years but we have a new addition to the family (a puppy!) that we wanted to take with us and the Four Seasons is the only hotel on the strip that takes animals.They took great care of everything, including our dog. My only complaint was that they were to have a doggy pack ready for him when we got to the hotel but they brought it up later that night when we ordered room service for him. Yes - for the dog! They will make anything you want, even cut it up into the appropriate-size pieces. They give you nice ceramic bowls, Evian water and a little kit that includes plastic bags for accidents. They also had a nanny service they contracted that would watch children or pets, and we enjoyed our nanny (ask for Nancy if you have a small animal!) so much we invited her back each night of our stay. It was a bit pricy but worth it if you are afraid your pet will cry or bark if you aren't there. They do have a policy that if anyone hears your animal barking, they will be removed from your room and put in the maid's area until you return to the hotel, and you will be charged $50, so paying a bit more for someone to watch them is worth it.Other than the excellent way they treated our pet, they treated us well also. They got us into every club, restaurant and show we wanted and made sure we always had the best tables and seats. They had very comfortable beds, impeccably cleaned rooms, huge plasma televisions and L'Occitane products in the bath that were just lovely. Turndown service every evening and they will clean the room any time, 24 hours a day, depending on your sleeping schedule. Room service was always delivered within half an hour, hot food with a smiling waiter ready to take care of anything you need. We did not encounter one rude employee our entire stay, everyone from the concierge to the bellhops were professional and warm. We will definitely be returning!	
Jan 20 2007 	Would not stay anywhere else	We knew we were in for a good stay when upon checking-in, the receptionist came around from behind the desk and presented each of our three children with a stuffed animal (this was the last thing they needed after 2 weeks at Disney World and 1 week in New York - anyhow the gesture was welcomed and the kids loved it).We had a strip-view suite on the 37th floor. Wow, what a view!! This is where we stayed on New Year's Eve and had a great view up the strip and of the fireworks.Upon entering the room, the kids were more than surprised to see a plate for each of them, with their names spelt out with chocolate on the rim of the plate, surrounding white and milk chocolate in the shape of cactus with cookies and M&amp;M's scattered around to depict a desert scene. We then heard a scream from our youngest daughter from the bathroom - she had discovered that each of their names had been spelt out with coloured sponges around the bathtub.As noted by a previous reviewer, I have never struck a hotel where all the staff in all areas of the hotel were so welcoming, friendly and attentive. As that reviewer noted, they must all be put through some form of boot camp. Mind you, Las Vegas people on the whole were some of the friendliest people we have ever come accross in our travels.On the afternoon of New Year's Eve, we had a knock on the door and it was room service presenting us with a bottle of Champagne in a top hat of ice and a large cocktail glass filled with chocolates for New Years, compliments from the Manager. What a nice surprise. No doubt we paid for it in the room rate, but it is the unexpected things which can really make your stay one to remember. The bed was one of the best we have slept in. Housekeeping service was efficient. Access to Mandalay Bay is easy. Loved the separate entrance and the serenity.Only grumble would be the wait we had to endure at times for a taxi. It happened more than once and there never seemed to be a taxi waiting there - one always needed to be called.This was our first visit to Vegas and I cannot compare this property to others in Vegas - but I would be very surprised if any other property comes close to the Four Seasons in terms of service. For that reason, we would not hesitate in staying here for any return visit, especially if we were travelling with the kids.	
Jan 11 2007 	First-class for families	My husband and I and our three children (ages 7,9,11) arrived at the Four Seasons after a 30 hour trip from Asia. We have stayed at hotels all over the world and have never been more impressed with a hotel. Upon check-in we were told we had been upgraded to a large suite. We felt so welcome at this gorgeous oasis. Our suite was amazing with superb mattresses, linens, pillows and L'occitane verbena toiletries. The bathrooms were huge and all-marble. Each room had a brand-new huge flat-screen tv. Soon after we arrived in our suite, a tray was brought up with 3 large plates of treats for our children. Each child's plate had a welcome greeting with our child's name written in chocolate. Having stayed at large, loud, and smokey hotels, I never wanted to visit Las Vegas, especially with our children. We did go out to see casinos and experience some of Las Vegas. But I can't tell you how wonderful it was to slide our card key into the &quot;secret&quot; door that let us back into our beautiful oasis. When we asked for taxis to take us to the airport, the Four Seasons insisted on taking us to the airport in their 2 luxurious vehicles. We will return to the Four Seasons with show tickets and spa services booked and basically ignore the other parts of Las Vegas that we don't like. Every other guest that we encountered was very courteous, friendly and felt the same way that we did. I realize that many people go to Vegas to party, go crazy and let their hair down but it is nice to know that we don't have to experience it with them. We will go out of our way now to pay more and stay at a Four Seasons when we travel.	
Jan 4 2007	Do you really want to 'sleep' so close to an airport runway?	We checked into the hotel and then checked straight out! The main reason is that we always look for a quiet room and the rooms we were offered were both close to the airport runway.Also, the rooms were nothing special unlike most other 4 Seasons. For instance, we are currently staying in the 4 Seasons in Westlake Village, CA where the rooms are amazing and very, very, quiet.On the plus side, the manager readily agreed that we could cancel our six day booking even though it was 4pm.	
Nov 27 2006 	Extra Special in Every Way	This was our second stay at the Four Seasons. Two years ago, for our 25th anniversary, we were upgraded to an 1,100 square foot suite by a kind young man at the front desk. Of course, it was unforgetable, and we were wondering if we would enjoy ourselves just as much this time, in our Standard room.We were with my parents, who had never been to Las Vegas. I asked at the front desk for an upgrade and we were both given Premium rooms with views of the Strip. Our room, however, had a gurgling sink. Two engineers could not fix the problem. A call to the front desk provided us with another upgrade to a one bedroom suite (hard not to get used to!) The staff called us three times to make sure we were now comfortable. (The beds are heavenly!)We were also provided dessert cake for our anniversary, but the next night, we were again provided with chocolate almonds for &quot;our inconvenience.&quot;The concierge helped with our tickets to La Reve at the Wynn. We also took many taxis, and never had a problem.The quiet of the lobby-no loud casinos, no cigar smoke-coupled with the incomparable staff (and L'Occitane products) makes this our favorite place in Vegas.PS-My parents said this was &quot;a vacation of a lifetime!&quot;	
Nov 14 2006 	Expensive but worth it.	This hotel is outstanding in every respect, one of the nicest I have stayed in, in 30 years of serious hotel-going. If you don't gamble--and do travel with a pet--the Four Seasons is really the only choice in Las Vegas, in my opinion. (If I couldn't stay there, I wouldn't go to Las Vegas at all.) My husband and I booked a room in September, on the penultimate day of a cross-country trip, an impulse buy after the hellhole that is Rock Springs, Wyoming. Calling from our car, at the very last minute, we got an astonishingly low rate on a lovely room overlooking the Strip. I wouldn't recommend this path to everyone, but having that low, low rate in your file allows you to negotiate a pretty good deal on subsequent trips. Last night, I booked 5 nights in January for the Miss America Pageant (go, Miss Rhode Island!). The rate I got, directly from the Four Seasons for the same lovely room with a view, was lower than the lowest rate for the cheapest room on any travel Website--about halfway between the super-low rate I got in September and the first price quoted when I called.What's so great about this hotel? The staff. Either they deliberately hire exceptionally warm, kind, friendly, and welcoming people, or they put everyone through some intensive--and effective!--hospitality boot camp, who knows which? Whatever they do, it works. Everyone on the staff was wonderful: reservations, parking, bellmen, desk, housekeeping, room service, concierge. (I didn't have time for the pool or spa.) From check-in to check-out, we did not have a single bad encounter. Also (if this matters to you) they really like dogs and do everything possible to pamper them. Even behavior that annoyed me--like a woman who let her pooch off-leash and played ball with him in the elevator lobby (you know who you are, lady with the chihuahua!)--was met with genial amusement by the Four Seasons staff. The giant Samoan security guard was not a charmer, true. But he certainly made me feel secure!We had only one tiny complaint. About an hour before we planned to check out and drive to Santa Barbara, I got the bright idea of ordering a picnic lunch. The Four Seasons does offer delicious-sounding box lunches, but you have to order them 3 hours in advance. Which, for most people, means having the bright idea the night before. (Unfortunately, I am not one of the Organized People.) Room Service would not make an exception, no matter how much I sweet-talked, wheedled, and whined. They said &quot;no&quot; very nicely, but still. This meant my poor, long-suffering husband had to trudge down to the Mandalay Bay to fetch our lunch. Which turned out to be OK, but they gave it to him piled high on one of those ugly cardboard trays, so awkward to carry--particularly with a rambunctious bull terrier! Then again, at check-out, the desk guy whisked the offending tray away and returned a few minutes later with our lunch neatly packed in a lovely box. Now that I know the drill, I'll order our picnic the night before. And I am so looking forward to the serenity of the pool, spa, and cucumber slices after hard nights of pageant-going!	
Nov 9 2006 	An oasis in Las Vegas	We've just returned from a 3 night stay at the Four Seasons which we'd booked as a splurge after 3 weeks touring the South West. We certainly made the right choice. Our room was on the 39th floor with the most amazing view of the Strip. The bed was the most comfortable we'd ever slept on, and everything about the room was so well thought out. Housekeeping service was impeccable - they even put my husband's razor on recharge when it got low. The toiletries (L'Occitane) were fab. We had all the facilities of the Mandalay Bay, but were able to retreat to our little oasis whenever we wanted peace and quiet. The Four Seasons pool is great - you are pampered from the minute you enter the complex, pitchers of iced water, popsicles, melon, sunglasses cleaned etc etc. We walked to the main MBay pool with the wave machine etc, but it just felt like a noisy beach club with booming music and we were glad to go back to our own little 'haven'. It was the little touches that we liked so much - bottles of iced water in your car when the valet returns it and the offer of directions to wherever you are going. And the way they lay out the TV guide and remote control by your bed in the evening. My husband sent his boots to the shoeshine and they were returned by the morning, perfectly shined and individually wrapped in tissue paper!The restaurants are great - you can use all Manadalay Bay's facilities and just charge it to your room.One word of warning tho - if you suffer from vertigo you may want to give it a miss. All the windows are floor to ceiling, from the moment you step out of the lift, to the windows in the rooms. It takes a while to get used to it - particularly when you see the helicopters buzzing below you! 3 nights just wasn't enough!	
Oct 27 2006 	Nice hotel but not exceptional	My wife and I stayed at the Four Seasons for a weekend in October 2006.As background, the Four Seasons Hotel is simply the top floors of the Mandalay Bay Hotel. The Four Seasons has its own ground entrance and elevators -- and no casino (although you can easily go into the one at Mandalay Bay).The hotel was acceptable, pleasant and visually attractive – but not exceptional for the price, particularly with all the options available in Las Vegas. The Superior room was of average size and appointment. Some of the furniture was dinged and bathroom only had a single-basin vanity. The closet and cabinetry were premium and the room had a large plasma TV.The service was good, but not flawless. We ordered room-service breakfast on Saturday morning. It arrived on-time and at the correct temperature. The server has friendly and set up the room efficiently. I ordered a cholesterol-free omelet which was really tasty (it’s hard to do an egg-white omelet worth eating). However, late in the day when we came back from the pool, the plates had not been picked up. We had to call room-service to have someone come and bus the room.The hotel will deliver either the Wall Street Journal or the New York Times. We got our Saturday paper and were looking forward to the Sunday Times, but it never arrived.The Four Seasons has access to its own pool with an older, more sedate crowd than the many pools at the Mandalay. We used the pools at both facilities because the Mandalay Bay has some fun features like a wave pool and the Lazy River with a current.The hotel is pretty far from the core of the Strip at the end of the airport. It can take a while to get a cab from the hotel simply because it doesn’t have the same in-and-out traffic of the other resorts.	
Oct 25 2006 	Great times	Just a great stay at this hotel. it is located at the top of the Mandalay Bay so the negative is that you are not overly close to the heart of the stip. But it is worth it for the serenity that it gives. it is just nice to be able to retire a place that doesn't smell like cigars and have the chaos that a casino provides! and pretty reasonable rates too. and since it is the top 4 floors of the Mandalay you can't get a bad view, you either have the strip, which is amazing!, or you have the desert and surrounding mountains, a side of vegas so often forgotton.	
Oct 17 2006 	Extremely Lovely	My husband and I stayed 6 nights at the Four Seasons Hotel in Las Vegas as my husband attended a conference held at the Mandelay Bay Convention Center. I am a real stickler for good customer service, and I am so pleased to say that the staff at The Four Seasons could NOT have been more pleasant. We had such a lovely time there. The room was spotless and very comfortable. We had 2 parcels delivered from out of town during our stay and they were delivered to our room in a timely manner. Every staff member we had contact with was friendly, knowledgeable and professional. The housekeeping staff was top notch - very attentive to the room and very thoughtful with the turndown service. Each evening our bed was turned down, lights dimmed - and soft music and lovely video's of nature were tuned in on the very large plasma television awaiting our return to the hotel. The concierge was helpful to arrange meals, suggest restaurants, give directions and arrange transportation. The staff was truly friendly, from the General Manager to the kind man who was busily painting miniscule scuff marks on the baseboards in the hallway. Room service was wonderful and extremely prompt. The meals we enjoyed were all perfectly prepared. The fresh flowers and special touches to room service did not go unnoticed. The valet service was very nice. The staff was attentive and professional. I made special notice that all staff members addressed us by name whenever they could. Our name is pronounced differently than the spelling looks, and it was so refreshing to have our name pronounced correctly. Again - small touches matter. &quot;Thoughtful&quot; would be the word I would use to sum up our experience at the Four Seasons. Yes, the hotel is very pretty, the rooms are well appointed, the lobby is comfortable and well decorated...but is was truly the people at the Four Seasons who made our stay so very pleasant. The staff seemed sincerely interested in our comfort. It was so refreshing to have such a lovely experience. So many times we stay at beautiful hotels with nice rooms -- but the staff lacks something. Perhaps they are snooty, too busy to attend to their guests or maybe just unhappy in their jobs...It makes a GRAND difference in the experience that the traveler has. Many hotels are lovely, but we would never patronize them again purely because of the ill-mannered staff. The Four Seasons was the antithesis of a hotel with a poorly trained or organized staff. No matter where we stay from now on, my husband and I will forever hold hotel experiences up against The Four Seasons in Las Vegas...It will be extremely hard for a hotel to measure up!	
Oct 9 2006 	Fabulous Four Seasons	I researched Las Vegas Hotels in depth using this website before deciding to stay at the Four Seasons, with two children aged 4 and 6 we really wanted a high quality, quiet, smoke free environment. Check in was effortless, the lobby was beautifully appointed. Our room was exactly what we booked, two double beds facing away from the strip. We were celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary (it fell at the end of our 3 week US holiday) and we were pleased to find that the hotel had left a dessert in our room with a congratulatory note. There were separate desserts for our children plus special bath products for them (which they loved). The room was very spacious and the bathroom was huge, with high quality toiletries. Housekeeping was excellent. We ate at the Verandah restaurant twice, delicious meals both times and a reasonably priced childrens' menu. The pool was everything that other reviewers have outlined - wonderful service, pristine environment. Our kids loved it and after a visit to the crowded Mandalay Bay wave pool couldn't wait to return to the more relaxed atmosphere at the Four Seasons. We had easy access to the Mandalay Bay casino, buffet etc which allowed us to have the Vegas experience. We visited a lot of other casinos and even at the more expensive locations witnessed long check out queues, masses of people milling around the lobby etc. We were thrilled with our 4 night stay at the Four Seasons and very sad to say goodbye.	
Oct 3 2006 	Excellent hideaway in Vegas!	We spent 3 nights here in September to celebrate my husband's 40th and were more than pleased. This hotel is great choice if you like to get away from the craziness of Vegas!! It's elegant with top notch service as you would expect in addition to being well located within the Mandalay Bay Complex but very peaceful and quiet. As a Four Seasons guest you have full priveldges at Mandalay's more festive pools but the Mandalay guests do not have reciprocal rights which keeps the Four Seasons so quiet! The Veranda was a delightful place to enjoy breakfast or early evening cocktails and the rooms were wonderful. My only complaint is that the floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip were very dirty. Otherwise a winning choice!!	
Oct 2 2006 	relaxing in las vegas	My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights and although we have been to vegas a few times in the past, this is the first time that we have stayed at The Four Seasons. What a wonderful hotel. It was a joy to return to our room after the noise and hustle of the casinos. Our room was on the 37th floor and the view was delightful. Upon our return to the room the maid had been to administer the 'turn down' service. Lights were lowered, the bathroom cleaned....again!, sheets pulled back on the bed and the radio playing soft music, curtains drawn, etc, etc. We frequented the Verandah restaurant for breakfast, (although a little expensive), the relaxing atmosphere and delicious food made up for the outlay. The laundry service was very good and quick! The staff were wonderful and always had a smile which makes such a difference. From entering the hotel on the first day to leaving to go to the airport, our time here will be remembered fondly. If I could make a bad comment on our holiday it would be the flights. We flew with Virgin.........BA in future!	
Oct 1 2006 	Amazing experience at Four Seasons	My wife and I just returned from our honeymoon in Las Vegas. Our decision to stay at the Four Seasons was the best decision made about our trip. The hotel is truly wonderful. The staff's attention to detail is second to none. I arranged to have a limo pick us up at the airport (through the conceirge at Four Seasons). Our flight was delayed getting into Vegas, and the driver was waiting for us right when we got down to baggage claim. He was a great guy telling us stories about some celebrities he picked up earlier. He waited patiently with us to get our bags and grabbed the all off the carousel. Then took us on a nice drive down the strip to extend our limo drive since the hotel is very close to the airport.Upon arrival at the Four Season, we were welcomed by every staff member and told congratulations for our marriage. The front desk staff was great. They offered us bottled water while checking us in, gave us a brief tour of the hotel and showed us to the elevators. We booked a Premier Strip view room. They gave us a room on the 39th floor (the top floor) with the most stunning view of the strip we've ever seen. We had champagne, flowers waiting for us in the room. The bell hop then offered us a reservation in the Foundation Room for Sunday evening (it's private alll nights except Monday). He called someone on the room phone and we were all set to arrive there at 10pm that evening. Our was great. There are much larger rooms available in Vegas, but the quality I doubt could be easily surpassed. Everything was immaculate. The bed/pillows was one of the most comfortable we've ever slept on. After sharing some champagne, we cleaned up and headed out to explore Mandalay Bay.Upon arriving back in the room later in the day, we were surprised to see that the staff had left a chocolate mouse cake with &quot;Happy Honeymoon&quot; written on it and a very nice card.The Foundation Room is very cool. The view of the strip is the best I've seen from anywhere in Vegas. The staff gave us a tour of all the private rooms and told us stories about Britney Spears and other celebrities that frequent the Foundation Room. Great time if you can get in on a day other than Monday. The pool is great. Yes, it's not huge, but who cares. The pool staff lays out towels and seat covers on your chosen chairs. They bring a pitcher of ice water when you first sit down. They come around with popcicles, Evian water sprtiz, they clean your sunglasses, bring watermelon, offer you cocktails, food. If you decide to go into the pool, they will lay down a towel on the side of the pool for you to rest your arms on so you don't burn them on the hot ground. Christopher (a pool employee) was great and we instantly connected with him as he was from our hometown. He made every pool trip a great experience. We went over to the Manadalay Beach once, but left after 30min as we couldn't stand the crowds and wanted to back in the tranquil environment of the Four Seasons. The Mandalay Beach reminded me of a water park like Water World or something - great if you are maybe with a group of friends that like to party or kids that want to play in the wave pool. The housekeepers truly earn their money at the Four Seasons. Our room was cleaned twice daily. Once in the morning and once in the evening for turndown service. If we left clothes on the floor, they would pick them up and fold them. All of our bathroom products would be lined up neatly on the bathroom counter. They would leave chocolates and the radio on when when returned for bed in the evening.One of the best parts about staying at the Four Seasons is having access to Mandalay Bay. It was so nice to be able to go gamble, drink and experience the crazyness of the casino atmosphere, then walk through the private entrance to the Four Seasons. I would recommend the Four Seasons to anyone looking for a romantic atmophere that allows you to spend some quality time with your spouse. The Four Season just gets it when it comes to catering to their guests and making your stay a truly wonderful experience.	
Sep 29 2006 	Fabulous	Loved the Four Seasons. My wife and I read reviews on this site prior to our visit, and those mentioned property being an oasis in the hectic, high energy Strip. We completely agree. Loved the fact that we can take a short elevator ride to Mandalay Bay and a quick tram to the Excaliber, yet not have to deal with the gambling traffic and noise. The spa was excellent, and the service throughout the hotel is truly 5-star, without being pretentious. Also room service was timely, accurate and polite.Overall, we highly recommend the Four Seasons. Bad experiences are inevitable at any hotel property, but the odds are in your favor at the Four Seasons.	
Sep 25 2006 	Wow! Loved the Four Seasons	We just stayed at the Four Seasons last week for three nights and it was a wonderful stay. The hotel was everything I expected and more! I rely heavily on the recommendations of the Trip Advisor web site, and it didn't disappoint. The location is perfect, and the staff and amenities were exceptional. I will look for a Four Seasons the next time I travel.We ate at one of the hotel restaurants the last day, The Verandah, and it was great. I wish we would have tried it sooner. I had the best hamburger and sweet potato fries there. You must try the fries!	
Sep 17 2006	Great Choice in Las Vegas for a couple	The Four Seasons is always a great choice around the world ... but in Las Vegas there is plenty of competition ... so don't get caught up in the 'Four Seasons' namebrand too quickly ... it is a great hotel ... but us Americans get lost in namebrand excitement ... there are better hotel choices - but they depend on certain factors ... If you are an active couple that visits the gym/spa AND pool daily --- the Four Seasons should be on your list to consider ... BUT only if you can grab a rate of $325 or less ... The room at the Four Seasons is standard in my opinion ... nothing spectacular ... but the Spa/Gym and Pool services are where the value comes into play ... The pool is secluded and quiet ... the staff provide magazines, a pitcher of lemon water, occasional fruits, and spritz ... it is very nice ... the pool is small ... but a nice retreat for a couple ... not so well suited for kids. The gym is also nice ... small but it has what you need ... the staff in the gym will bring you lemon water as you exercise ... they also provide headphones ... So ... if you do not go to the gym/spa and pool ... then start looking at prices as a decision point ... if you can capture the four seasons within 50 a night of the Venetian or Wynn ... then maybe consider it ... By the way ... the Wynn has the best bed I have ever slept in ... and the Venezia Tower at the Venetian is the nicest standard room in Vegas ... Especially for a party of 3 or more ... the sunken living room is great to sit, chat, and have a cocktail while others shower, etc ... &lt;the guys will understand&gt; ....	
Sep 15 2006 	wonderful time at the four seasons	My husband and I stayed at the FS Sept. 8-10, 2006, and it was a great experience. We had previously stayed at &quot;the hotel&quot; and been very disappointed by its overall lack of customer service. Not so at the Four Seasons - all was wonderful. Staff really goes out of their way for the guests, especially at the pool where they bring you cold melon, popsicles, ice water, and clean your sunglasses, oh, and forgot, cold cucumber slices &quot;to refresh your eyes.&quot; The concierge was extremely polite and helpful, as well. I really liked the intimacy of the FS as compared to the large gaming hotels.	
Aug 27 2006 	The best service at the Four!!!	I stayed at the Four Seasons for four nights from Monday the 21st of August . I took advantage of the Oasis credit which credited me with $50.00 per day to my account . The service at the pool was fabulous !!! they set up a chair for me and then came around with fresh orange slices , melon , popsicles , chilled towels and cleaned my glasses . I was given an iced pitcher of water upon arrival at the pool and the attendant said that they were glad to see me again !!! They also offer food and beverage service there from the Verandah restaurant . The fitness center was great too . The attendant set me up with head phones and brought me iced water. The attendant in the locker section also had gatorade and iced water and they provided slippers and a robe !!! the shower in the steam area was one of the BEST I have experienced . The food in the Verandah restaurant was super and the waitstaff always knew my name and spoke to me every day . I ate both lunch and dinner there and also breakfast. I ate at Charlie Palmer's and they also knew my name and the chef even brought me 2 complimentary dishes !!!! They were all very attentive and I dined there twice during my brief stay. The Four Seasons Las Vegas is wonderfuland I would definitely stay there again . I do not think that any other hotel no matter how marvelous could even come close to the 6 star experience at the Four !!! The Four Seasons is an oasis of elegance and quiet restfulness in a city of high energy and glittering lights !!!!	
Aug 26 2006 	four seasons exceeds expectations again	We splurged on a weekend getaway to celebrate my 30th b-day august 19 - 21. We found a great package deal through southwest vacations. Four seasons was such a nice peaceful retreat from the las vegas scene. The staff was excellent. At check in we asked if we could change our room from two doubles to one king. Not only did our check in attendant do this for us, she also gave us a double upgrade to strip view and gave us a room 3 hours before check in. Wow! Be sure to spend some time relaxing at the pool. The pool attendents will help you pick out lounge chairs (they are cushy too) cover them with towels for you and bring you ice water. Magazines are available for you to borrow. The pool attendents occasionally walk around with treats such as cucumber slices and evian spritz. We did go check out the mandalay bay wave pool, it was fun. However, it was so crowded there, we could not find a lounge, and we walked around for 20 minutes trying to find towels. We did not stay at the manalay pool for long, we were so glad we could escape to the four seasons pool. We enjoyed the poolside menu, although it was pricey. We ordered one entree plus a side of fries and shared to help strech the dollar. We tried the sweet potatoe fries, they also had some parmesan truffle fries that sounded really good too. It is not on the menu, you can ask for it though.the beds were really nice, I felt like I was sleeping in a cloud. Then in the morning, I could look out the window at the clouds which were at eye level.the hotel did send a card and cake to our room for our celebration.We tried out the champagne brunch at mandalay bay, it was great and worth the wait in line.I am not sure why one would compare this hotel to the four seasons resort at hualalai in hawaii. We have been very fortunate to stay at hualalai, which is many times over the nicest resort I have ever been to. I believe the rate was about 3x the rate of the vegas property. Obviously vegas is not hawaii. How would an outdoor shower work at the 39th floor? Ok, enough sarcasm.We have a wonderful stay, and I plan to visit this property again. If you are looking for upscale surroundings away from the vegas crowds and excellent customer service, this is the place for you!	
Aug 21 2006	Very good hotel but not over the top nice	Just got back from the FS Las Vegas and overall a very nice experience. Excellent service and a very comfortable room. My only observation is that if you are used to the FS resorts you will mostly likely be a bit disappointed. I’ve been to a few other properties, most recently the Four Seasons Hualalai on the big island of Hawaii, and if you expecting the same type of experience you will be disappointed. The room in Hawaii was big and beautiful. Incredible outdoor shower! The pools were also very nice. The Las Vegas FS is a different experience. Smaller and very plain rooms. Though very comfortable, they were still pretty pedestrian. The pool and the rest of the property is also far less appealing than Hawaii. That being said, the FS Hawaii was also a lot more expensive. In Las Vegas we got a room for $250, which wasn’t so bad. I still recommend the FS Las Vegas for the simple reasons that the service was great and it is so nice to have a quiet hotel lobby in Las Vegas. That’s what will keep me going back!	
Aug 21 2006 	Great service great experience	I travel a lot for work, and I've written a few scathing reviews on supposedly good places, so in defense, I feel I should send an article about a place I love.First, you can never go wrong with a Four Seasons--they really get it right. They learn your name when you check in, and never forget it! We almost always travel with our dog (Boo) who was a welcomed guest (they bring him a tray and a pet menu). They even have a dog-walking service! We were starting to get worried Boo was gone so long, but it turns out, the bellman was having so much fun with our dog, he insisted on showing him to all the departments! There is nothing more relaxing than checking into a Four Seasons--service is impeccable, when you travel a lot, you just say &quot;whew, all is okay now.&quot; Other great plus about the FSLV is the Mandalay Bay is attached, so if you want more restaurant choices or a little gambling fun, it's all there, with the luxury of a Four Seasons, and they have good rates!I couldn't be more pleased with this place, and I can't wait to go back next week!	
Aug 20 2006	Four reasons to enjoy the Four Seasons - late July 2006	If you need to ease your way into a very different time zone or just make that transition to Las Vegas living, then there are four very good reasons to choose the Four Seasons. It just fell short of 5 TripAdvisior 'O's - the whys and wherefores in a moment. The fab-four facts are i) Good rooms, ii) Cool pool, iii) Super service and iv) Casino-free but easy to use Mandalay Bay one if you feel the urge.It was our second stay here as a family of five (three children aged from 10 to 16) and we arrived after a 10 hour flight from the UK. We'd booked two connecting rooms, with a good discount off the second room, a $50 per day voucher for extras (about two breakfasts) and entry to the Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay.At check-in we were pleased to find only one person in front of us and that we'd been upgraded to a Strip-view room. The rooms are huge with great views, even if the view of the Strip is only a fifth of the view as a whole (only mention it because if I'd paid for a Strip view I'd been disappointed it didn't fill the panorama).We'd have been happy having a twin-bedded room with a roll-away bed for the smallest child and saved ourselves $250 a night on the second discounted room, but the hotel was unwilling to budge on this one. I'd been told it was for fire safety reasons when I'd made the call to book the rooms - but we found lots of other hotels happy to oblige in San Diego, Santa Barbara and Venice Beach (one of the reasons they 4-S didn't get full marks). Okay, the other factors for just failing on 'Excellent' rating were as follows:* The Family Deal promises drinks and cookies for the children on arrival in the room - but they weren't there and we had to nudge the Front Desk to provide the items for which we were paying.* Another disappointment was at breakfast where the free re-fills of orange juice or smoothie that we had enjoyed during our last stay 3 years ago had stopped - $9 for a glass of juice IS a bit steep. You can breakfast easily enough in the Mandalay Bay Hotel restaurants - dining there is much cheaper too.* The ensuite bathrooms are beginning to show their age - plugs not working properly in the sink and fittings showing wear and tear, don't get me wrong, this is hair-splitting because they are still good but I stayed in the revamped Hilton Hotel in Sydney recently and its bathrooms are fantastic, they even have a plasma TV on the wall at the foot of the bath!On the plus side, the service at breakfast was very, very good and the beds, bedding and pillows are just the most comfortable you can find. Great job by the housekeeping staff - the room was immaculate every afternoon. The rooms are well equipped with good plasma TVs, chairs etc - but if you want milk with your coffee you have to bring your own for some reason.It's also a huge plus if you have children for them to make full use of the Mandalay Bay Hotel's beach and wave machine pool, the rapids too - and it was fantastic at very busy times there to be able to retreat to the Four Season's private pool and have free ice creams, mineral water spray and even cucumber slices for your jet-lagged eyelids (I kid you not).One other observation - if you are a family of five, use the monorail from Mandalay Bay to the Luxor of Excalibur for local transport, but after that use cabs as the general public monorail system is a ludicrous $5 per person and $25 gets a taxi to take you most of the places you want. We stayed three nights and it was a great way to get over the flight and we loved every minute. We would go back again but hope they don't penny pinch at breakfast any further and make plans to upgrade the bathrooms in good time.	
Aug 15 2006	Elite among other hotels on strip	It's pricey but it was worth it. They live up to their reputation and five star service. The hotel is within the Mandalay bay resort; however the four seasons has their own facilities. They have a spa, a fitness center, pool and resturants. I had a massage it was fantastic. The fitness center is well equiped. Each cardio machine had it's own t.v.. Ice Water and gatorade is available. The pool area is where we spend most of our time because the staff will pamer you. As you arrive they will set up lounge chairs for you. immidiatley they will provide ice water. Later they will cool you off with a chilled cloth and spray you with evian spritzer and even offer you cool treats. I was further impressed when they came by to clean my sunglasses and give me cucumber slices for my eyes. The concierge was evtremely helpful. They found and booked shows for us. While we laid in bed and watched T.v. they made all the arrangments and everything was well recomended. We saw Ka and La Femme. An added bonus is that although we weren't guests of mandalay bay we had access to their beach pool, resturants and casino with out having to leave the property. All it took was an elevator ride and you are in another resort. We felt like we had the best of both worlds by having the privacy and quietness that four seasons had to offer and have the experiance of a true vegas resort with the loud casino and massive people everywhere (mandalay bay). We are not big party animals but do enjoy the shows and fine restaurants that vegas has to offer. We will definitely return to the four seasons. It is a place for those who enjoy peace and quietness.	
Aug 10 2006	My Favorite Hotel in Las Vegas	We stayed at the Four Seasons Hotel from August 4- August 7th. All the positive reviews were right on target. The Verandah restaurant is wonderful. We ordered champagne and they brought snacks, strawberries and chocolate truffels. The pool area was georgeous. As stated, they help you to a chair and set it up with towels. Then you are brought a large pitcher of ice water with lemon. They then come by with evian to spritz, cucumbers for your eyes, fresh fruit and popciles. It was so calming compared to the crazy Vegas pools. You can also order a wonderful lunch brought on a tray right at your seat. The rooms are first rate with a bed so comfortable you will never want to leave. The bathrooms are spacious with a large tub and a large shower. Everything expireneced at this hotel was first class especially the service which was always there for you. You also do not have to walk through the casino to get to your room.Can not wait to return.	
Aug 10 2006 	calm in Vegas	My wife and I stayed in the FSLV 27-30th July. Firstly I have to say it is not the best FS experience I have had but I think that needs to be put into the context of the other offerings in LV. I think that paradoxically in this city where anytghing seems possible you are unlikely to get the perfect hotel experience!We arrived early and were checked in immediately to our booked strip view room. I agree with some other coments here that the room was maybe a little bit tired in terms of decor. However the view down the LV strip was incredible from the 36th floor south strip location. (The counter to this is that it is too far to walk to the other attractions so be aware the you will have to cab it to and from the hotel to everywhere else in LV)..The breakfasts we took in the Verandah restaurant were superb with good service (we did not eat in the hotel in the evening).At the pool we received excellent service with all the freebies that have been mentioned before by very attentive and relaxed staff. The pool area was however very busy and I could no way describe it as a relaxing experience. Screaming kids were aplenty and sorry to say that the FS tends to attract the loud brash types who are eager to tell the world what they are doing and thinking in the loudest of voices without any regard to the tranquility of others. This is very offputing and will be important for me in considering another FS resort hotel.On the whole though I would say the FSLV is the calmest of the LV resorts and the no gambling in the public areas is definately an attraction. If you want to find some tranquility as youi walk through the doors then you will find it here.	
Aug 6 2006 	What do you want from your Quality Vacation Time ?	As return guests three time F.S. failed to meet any of our expectations we were hugely disappointed in the following, being given the smallest partial view window in Vegas, non return calls about room changes, vanishing soap, not being set up around the pool and being forgotten about twice, not to mention everywhere you turn fellow guests reeling with executive stress and pressure from their conventions, we checked out early seeking some tranquility, great hospitality, and an environment in which holiday makers were enjoying their hard earned vacation time - Elsewhere - What has happened to the F.S. - What a Shame !!	
Aug 3 2006 	Very nice experience at the FS	We stayed at the Four Seasons July 24-26. We booked the room as part of a SWA vacation package, and definitely got a great deal. Our reservations were for a Superior room, but the gracious front desk clerk upgraded us to a suite without us even asking for it. We arrived around 2:30pm, and were able to check in right away. However, we had to call the front desk when our luggage didn't arrive as promptly. Our suite was spacious, with a living area and extra bathroom, and the windows faced the airport, but we still had a view of the strip as well. The decor was pleasant and comfortable, the toiletries were L'Occitane (which we love), and our suite even had a portable humidifier, great for our dry eyes. We did notice the slow drainage in the sink, loud toilets, and small shower/tub, plus some wear and tear. I've never stayed in a FS before, and after reading the reviews on this website, I tried not to have very high expectations. Overall, though, we really liked this hotel and would definitely stay there again, but only if we get the same package deal. We thought the service was excellent, appreciated the quietness (we slept so soundly), and loved the pool and its amenities. Plus, it was nice having easy access to Mandalay Bay. Our pool experience was great -- we got fruit, popsicles, cold towels, Evian spritz, etc., and it didn't seem in dire need of cleaning. We noticed that the pool attendants were great with the kids there, and even saw one of the kids hug them good-bye! So, they're definitely family-friendly. The only other issue we had was with housekeeping, who forgot to replenish the sugar and cream. (But then, she also forgot to charge us for the 3 mini-bar drinks we had.) We also dined at Verandah, and I had one of the best omelettes ever! Parmesan french fries were very yummy as well. So, now that I've had the FS experience, I'm hooked!	
Jul 20 2006 	Not Worth It!!	After reading the glowing reviews here, we decided to give FSLV a try. We arrived at 2:00PM and our room wasn't ready. Neel, the fellow at the Front Desk, had a somewhat imperious attitude and I was made to feel as if I were to blame for arriving early. We were offered to wait at the Spa (huh?) or in the lobby, and they would call our cell phone when the room was ready. We decided to sit in the lobby and wait, hoping the room might be ready earlier than the 3:00 check-in. 3:00 came and still no phone call. Many other people who arrived after us were promptly shown to their rooms. Neel did not make eye contact with me the entire time we waited in the lobby, and disappeared around 3:00. At 3:10 I got up and asked about my room. Turns out it had been ready for 30 minutes! When I said that I was suppposed to have been called, they said that they had tried, but couldn't get through. No one bothered to walk across the lobby to tell me my room was ready. I wonder how long they would have let us sit there? This really started our vacation off on the wrong foot, and I was wondering where was the great FS service I had heard so much about? The didn't even offer an apology!We arrived on a Sunday, and during the reservation process I noted that we were celebrating our anniversary. During the check-in, I inquired about an upgrade, and was told &quot;we'll do our best&quot;, which apparently means no dice. We got our Moderate room with airport view, which is what we paid for so I can't complain....but an upgrade would have been nice.The room was OK. Compared to other rooms on the Strip (Venetian, Bellagio, Paris, Mirage, Alladin) I could have gotten a far better suite for what we paid for a very average room at FS. The plasma TV was nice, but it has an analog/mono feed, not High Def, not Stereo. This means the picture is stretched out over the big screen and the quality leaves a lot to be desired. The drain in the bathroom was incredibly slow. So slow that you couldn't leave the water running while you brushed your teeth. Also, the toilet flush was incredibly loud, and you could hear it when other guests would flush theirs, as their flush would often cause ours to gurgle. The outside air vent would not seal properly, which led to a constant whirring sound from air being let into the room. We got a newspaper day one, but not on day two.The pool could use a major cleaning. I had to ask for a cold face cloth. In the four hours we were at the pool, we were offered only one Evian spritz. We were not offered fruit, or cucumber slices as I read about here. On the positive side, the Verandah restaurant is very good and the service was excellent. The housekeeping service is also very good and cordial. For our anniversary, they sent up an &quot;amenity&quot; of a slice of cake. On the second night there, we were give a ride in the house car. All in all, we were not overly impressed. I've stayed at the FS in Maui and that is a far superior hotel and experience. FSLV has a lot of work to do to catch up. Our experience at their front desk was a disgrace to the FS brand.	
Jul 7 2006	Exactly What I've Come to Expect from the Four Seasons	My family (wife and 4 kids) and I spent a week around the 4th of July holiday at the Four Seasons primarily to visit relatives in the area, but also to explore areas around Las Vegas (Hoover Dam, Red Rock Canyon, etc.) and it did not disappoint. The Four Seasons Las Vegas met our high expectations of Four Seasons properties around the world and like other of their properties, they have recreated the wonderful rooms, facilities and location but really created an exceptional experience by their premium level of service accorded each guest.My expectations, in general tend to be high for Four Seasons properties and my wife and I tend to choose them regularly on our holidays because of our good experiences around the world. I was a bit apprehensive about this property in light of some of the reviews I had read about dogs on the property and my experience with Las Vegas hotels in general, but I am happy to say all of these concerns were overblown. The Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas is in every way, deserving of the Four Seasons brand. More specifically, I'll break my review up into 3 sections:1. Room - Excellent - If you've stayed in a Four Seasons Room, this will be no different2. Location/Facilities - Excellent - On the Strip, but you'd never know if if you didn't want to3. Service - Excellent - Just like any other Four SeasonsROOM - The room is exactly what we have come to expect from the Four Seasons. Firm beds, the same Four Seasons sheets. If I was to be critical, the one issue we found was that the pillows (while nice) didn't seem to be the standard Four Seasons fare. The bathroom contained both a shower and a tub, thought the shower seemed a bit small (I bumped my elbows on occassion shampooing) though functional. If you've stayed in a Four Seasons room before, this room should offer no surprises.LOCATION/FACILITIES - As our primary purpose for our visit was to visit relatives and see sights outside of the city, the Four Seasons location was perfect. Located on the top floors (35-39) of the Mandalay Bay hotel, the hotel is located at the end of the Las Vegas Strip and accessible to the airport (a short drive) and the highway (right around the corner) without having to deal with the terrible traffic that plagues the Strip around rush hour and the evening. The pool, while simple, was an oasis. You'd never know that right over the wall is the gigantic Mandalay Bay wave pool (which Four Seasons guests have access to should they choose). Even over the 4th of July holiday, we had no problems getting lounge chairs, etc. In the evening, when they close the pools (7 pm) there is a nice private walking path open to hotel guests (of the Four Seasons and Mandalay bay) only which we walked with our kids on in the late evening to get them over their jetlag. A great alternative than having them wander the Strip or in a casino. We did pop over to the Mandalay Bay a couple times during our stay to go to restaurants and a casino. The Four Seasons has several access points into the Mandalay Bay including a private access for Four Seasons guests directly into the Mandalay Bay lobby from the Four Seasons guest elevators. So there's no need to worry that you'll need ot take a cab or a long walk to the casino if that's what you'd like to do. There are a couple of restaurants on property, but we only ate at Verandah, essentially their coffee shop next to the pool. Food was fine, though the service staff and kitchen seemed a bit stretched when full during the 4th of July holiday. As a result, our breakfasts on that day took about 30-40 minutes to come out. The manager handled it nicely, though, offering a plate of freshly sliced fruit for the family until our food arrived.SERVICE - End to End service was exceptional, even for a Four Seasons, in my view. When we arrived, we were brought to our room by a guest services who noted when we wanted our rooms to be made up each day and when we preferred turn down service (and indeed, service was provided on the dot!). In addition, with 4 children, the provided milk and cookies each night and, on the day we arrived, spelled each of our children's names in colorful sponges on the bathtub which made bath time that much easier for our smaller children. If there was one criticism, like the restaurant, the valet service seemed a bit overwhelmed during the 4th of July weekend. In summary, on all aspects, the Four Seasons met our high expectations of Four Seasons properties around the world and like other of their properties, they have recreated the wonderful rooms, facilities and location but really created an exceptional experience by their premium level of service accorded each guest.	
Jul 7 2006	Had a great experience	Since we selected our hotel based on other reviews, we feel compelled to share our experience.We had a Strip View room that was nice at night. We liked the lack of crowd and noise in the lobby and other common areas. When we saw the crowd in Mandalay Bay, Bellagio and others, we appreciated what we had in Four Seasons. This allowed us to have the best of both worlds - peace and the casino experience. The staff were wonderful. We had a room that shared a door with the next room. After a day, the next room had guests with kids who were playing all the time. We asked for another room and the front desk moved us as soon as they had another room available. When we wanted to go to other casinos, shows or restaurants, we had to take a cab since Four Seasons is on one end of the strip. The traffic at night didn't help. We really enjoyed our stay!	
Jul 6 2006	Very Pleased with FS	My husband and I stayed the past few days at the FS in Vegas. I will NEVER stay anywhere else when in town. We were upgraded to a wonderful suite upon our arrival by a very kind staff, while they gave our infant son gifts to entertain him during our check in process. Staff is consistent, friendly and reliable from room service to maid service. Every thing we asked for was attended to in a prompt, efficient manner. Verandah restaurant is very good, we wonderful smoked salmon for breakfast. I had a massage with Tim, which was excellent. Spa is immaculate and well run. Our flight left in the evening, so after checking out, we hung out at the pool, then used the spa to get ready for our travel. Pool is nice, a quiet oasis from the chaos of Mandalay Bay. Why one would ever bother to line up like cattle and venture through the gates to that mess is beyond me. The FS pool has great perks: pitchers of H2O with lemon, popsicles, fruit, cold towels, sunglass cleaning, etc. Easy access to gamble. You simply walk through a door and you're in the middle of Mandalay Bay. Mandalay then connects to Luxor and Excalibur, not you'd want to go there normally, but the tables might be more desireable to some.	
Jun 27 2006	Perfect getaway for family of four	We stayed at this property from Jun 19-22 and enjoyed it immensely. The hotel lives up to the Four Seasons' reputation and is a nice change of pace from the casinos and smoke which are easily accessible through the convenient door to the Mandalay Bay hotel. Dining at the Verandah is a delicious alternative, but there are tons of other restaurants to check out around town and I would recommend getting out a bit and sampling other fare. We liked the dinner buffet at the Wynn Las Vegas.The pool was nice and poolside dining is from the Verandah. A standard touch is a pitcher of ice cold water and cups when they set up your chaise. The Mandalay Bay pools were fun but didn't seem particularly clean- you could see the sand and feel the grime in the lazy river. And the wave pool activates once every 30 seconds as opposed to going for 6 minutes, stopping for six minutes and going again and the bottom is rough enough to scrape up body surfers so you might wear a shirt for that activity.If you like good service, I'm not sure you can beat the FS. The doormen and bell captains were EXCELLENT. The lobby greeter was helpful (I asked if you could charge dining items at Mandalay Bay to the FS-- you can, but you should bring a credit card if you intend to rent or buy an inner tube) and the front desk staff was FANTASTIC. The concierge staff was super helpful and helped us book tickets to Mystere at Treasure Island. They also helped my husband charge his cell phone because he had forgotten his. That's service. House keeping was also prompt and everything materially was as you would expect of a FS property.Spa was also very nice. Small-ish workout area but everything you would probably look for. Massage by Nicole was fantastic. (Visited the hair salon in Mandalay Bay and liked that very much as well.)Definitely recommend this property. Couples may also want to consider the Wynn.	
Jun 7 2006	Great SERVICE	Let me start off by first saying that I am a frequent guest of Bellagio and Wynn but they where sold out which led me to the Four Seasons. I must say that this is the only hotel I will stay at from now on while I am in Las Vegas. The service was fabulous! Every single person, even the cleaning staff sweeping the floors, will give you a big smile and greet you. It's nice, because you don't have the sense of being surrounded by unhappy staff. You feel welcomed immediately and completely at home. Everything from room service to housekeeping, but the best service is from the Concierge. This hotel has SERVICE, SERVICE, SERVICE, the best I have ever had. The Concierge (Scott) is VERY well connected and is able to secure seats for sold out venues and able to get you past line/cover charges at all the different night clubs if they want to. The Concierge is amazing and the best I have ever dealt with! Wynn and Bellagio may have better restaurants but I am convinced that Four Seasons is the way to go. My stay at the Four Seasons was nothing short of exceptional. I have stayed at several other prime properties in Las Vegas before, but this was my first stay at the FS.	
Jun 6 2006	Hotel Service made our vacation a memorable stay!	This was my wife's and I first vacation away from our kids. We spent 5 nights at the Four Seasons Las Vegas hotel at Mandalay Bay. Though we only stayed in a &quot;Supeior&quot; room with a king bed and a view of the pool/airport, this hotel was everything that it was supposed to be. It made for a memorable vacation that was difficult to come home from. Let's start with the amenities and service: * Pool service with escorting to lounge chairs (never a wait), constant service, free ice water, popcorn, ice pops, oranges, pineapple, glasses cleaning, etc. The pool service was an oasis from the craziness of the Mandalay Bay complex.* Free access to the spa/workout facilities. At most hotels you pay daily for this, here its complementary to guests. Want to leave your stuff in a locker while you stroll over to the wave pool at MB, use the locker. Want to workout on a treadmill before going to the pool, take a shower in the locker room before heading out. Amazing (spa services though exspenive were great).* Room was ultra-comfortable. Stinks having to come back home and sleep in ordinary bed. Never a problem with cleaning of room, would always be done multiple times a day.* Easy, quick access to rental car through valet. (There is a minor charge however)* Quiet, elegant dining at Verandah cafe (espeically Weekend morning brunch)* Though our kids were not with us, it appears that they are a very kid friendly hotel.* Every single time we bumped into a hotel employee, we were always greeted with a hello.* Though it is at the far south end of the strip, it does have quick, easy access to I-15 which is easier and quicker to drive up than the Strip itself (and quick to the airport).* Access to MB pools, but ability to get back to quietness of FS* No crowds at all. When walking through MB and especially Bellagio, I was amazed at how crowded these places where, especially the check-in area and valet/taxi area. Never ever experienced this at FS. What I basically found since FS is a HOTEL and not a CASINO, they care more about the service than the casino dollars. With good service they make you want to come back (and that is exactly the way my wife and I feel). Unfortunately, we had too good a time on vacation and its difficult to get back to normal life after being pampered at the FS	
Jun 5 2006	Loved Four Seasons Not Fond of Mandalay Bay	I chose Four Seasons because I was traveling with three small children (4,3, and 1). We went to Vegas during one of the busiest weekends (Memorial Day), and our selection of this hotel was a wise one. They welcomed my kids so nicely. After 5+ hours on a plane, it was so rewarding to have them received so well. Yes, I know Vegas isn't for kids, but I think so long as you don't expose them to things that are really inappropriate, it's fine. The room was very nice, the pool was nice and they are constantly coming around offering various things (sliced oranges, clean your sunglasses, spritz you with evian, etc...) - very nice and pampering. I would hang up the phone with housekeeping with a special request, and literally, they were knocking on my door in minutes. I had a party for my husband's 40th at the La Sala Room in the Veranda, and it was outstanding. I would say that this hotel EXCEEDED my expectations in all aspects. The only thing I didn't like about it, is that if you are tempted to visit Mandalay Bay Pool, Casino, etc...it is like a being at Seaside Park Boardwalk in NJ on the 4th of July.	
May 24 2006 	Four Seasons is the absolute BEST!	I arrived at the Four Seasons for a business trip. I ended up staying longer simply because I refused to leave! . . . I want to move in. From the moment you drive up to the valet, you know this is the ultimate customer service oriented establishment. Don't confuse the Four Seasons with the Mandalay Bay just because they occupy the same buildings. The entrance for the Four Seasons is on the other side of the complex, with their own entrance, valet, staff, express elevators, grounds, pools, etc. . . The rooms are not overly palacial. But, they are extremely comfortable and complete, down to the robes and slippers. My view of the strip, from the 38th floor (floor to ceiling, wall to wall windows), was the most incredible I have ever experienced in Vegas. Absolutely stunning. The location, the facilities, the service. . . unparalleled. I will never stay anywhere else in Las Vegas ever again. . . Pricey yes, but I'm worth it!	
May 10 2006	Four Seasons Las Vegas Exceeded Expectations	The first thought that I had when I arrived at the Four Seasons with my friends was that it's really nice not having to inhale cigarette smoke while checking into a hotel that you'll be spending quite a few dollars at. This had a great impression on me, and it set the tone for an impressive stay here.The room was very nice, though it's nothing overly special. I would describe it as 'tastefully understated.' I wasn't knocked off my socks when I first entered the room, but over the course of weekend, I grew to appreciate the high quality of materials used in the room (crown moulding, cream-colored marble in the bathroom, nice carpet in the room).Before I arrived, I called the concierge and she made dinner (Craftsteak and Picasso) and show (Avenue Q). Another concierge made nightlife arrangements for us. The concierge staff there is probably the best that I have ever dealt with.My only complaint was with the weekend brunch. It took almost half-an-hour for us to get seated for brunch on Saturday, even though it didn't seem overly crowded. The quality of the food was high, but there wasn't much selection. Our room package included a daily credit, and in hindsight, I wish we had used the credit at Charlie Palmer's steakhouse. The staff, however, warmly showered us with 'thank yous' when we left, so that made up for the experience.Although pricey, the Four Seasons provided the best experience in Las Vegas that I've ever had. No doubt, I will return.	
May 4 2006	All I can say is "Wow"!	This was our first visit to Four Seasons Las Vegas after having stayed at all the high end properties in Vegas (with the exception of Wynn) over the last few years. By far, this property has the best that Vegas can offer.The rooms themselves were not as large or roomy as the Venetian or The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and the bathroom was also nicely put together but not outstanding. What sets this hotel apart are the facilities and the service. Since it occupies only the top four floors of Mandalay Bay, there is not a huge volume of guests that all the other mega-properties in Vegas must account for. Wherever we went, there seemed to be hotel staff who wanted to assist us. We had breakfast as part of our package and the Verandah was a lovely way to start each day. The restaurant opens onto the pool deck amidst palm trees and a waterfall. The food was excellent. When you head out to the pool, a staff member meets you and sets up your chaise lounges with towels and a fresh picture of ice water. They constantly check up on you to freshen the pitcher or hand out fresh fruit, popsicles, clean your sunglasses or spritz you with fresh Evian water. My husband and I left the secluded (and gated) confines of the 4S pool to venture out to the Mandalay Bay facilities (as a 4S guest you are allowed access to everything at Mandalay, but not vice versa). We were immediately assailed with crowds, noise and general traffic. We couldn't run back to the peaceful pool at 4S fast enough!It couldn't be easier to get to the Mandalay casino via a bank of elevators and a secured door that you must have a key to reenter. It really was the best of both worlds - the excitement of the casino and general Vegas life mixed with the serenity of a well run Four Seasons. The only thing better was the spa at Mandalay Bay versus the spa at 4S. It is much, much larger and has the best facilities of any spa on the Strip IMHO (and I've tried them all!!).From now on this will be our destination of choice in Vegas. We had a wonderful time!	
Apr 21 2006	The Best	We have stayed at Mandalay Bay and enjoyed the pool and atmosphere of the hotel. We were booked to stay there again the week before Easter. We arrived early and were allowed to check in at 10:00 which was great, but it turned out that the hotel was booked solid with multiple conventions in house and so the options on available views from the rooms was limited. They were extremely nice about letting us in almost 5 hours early and gave us the best view available, but it was mostly looking at the airport and partially looking at the pool, and there was a lot of noise from the airport. The view from the room also looked straight down at the Four Seasons private pool.......you can see where this is going.Within 30 minutes we had been allowed to cancel our stay at Mandalay, move to the Four Seasons with a complimentary upgrade, no cancellation fee, and still get into our room over 4 hours early. The Four Seasons is a non-casino hotel (Mandalay Bay's is adjacent) so the difference in the noise and traffic level is dramatic. It was like walking into another world. There was no noise in the hallways, none in the room, you couldn't hear anything from the rooms on either side or above you. The room and the public spaces of the hotel are immaculate. The pool and the pool staff were amazing, exactly what you come to expect from Four Seasons and more! We really enjoyed being able to go to the Mandalay Beach when we felt like dealing with the crowd, but not having to worry about trying to find an available chair, because when we were ready to sit and catch some rays, all we had to do was take the short walk back to our private oasis with plenty of chairs, attendants to lay out your towels, spritz you with Evian, wipe your sunglasses, bring you pineapple and orange slices, and chilled towels. You can also order meals poolside and it was excellent. We have stayed at Four Seasons properties before and we were still very impressed at all levels with this location. Rooms, amenities, staff, food... all excellent. The 42&quot; plasma in the rooms was impressive also. We WILL be back. Kudos also to the Mandalay Bay for how well we were handled in getting a room 5 hours ahead of check in and then being allowed to switch hotels without a fee.	
Apr 19 2006	Great for families with small children	My wife and I stayed at the Four Seasons with our 19 month-old daughter for 2 nights. It was an excellent experience. We recommend this hotel if you have small children. The hotel has a convenient location and does not have a casino, so it is quieter and has virtually no cigarette smoke. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We were put in a room on the 36th floor with an incredible view of the Strip. We arrived in our room to find that a crib had been delivered and the room had been baby-proofed, which was very helpful. The room was very comfortable and nicely decorated. We had two meals at the Verandah restaurant in the hotel and both the service and food were great. We will definitely stay here again the next time we are in Las Vegas.	
Feb 7 2006 	A welcoming staff	My husband and I stayed here on Super Bowl weekend for a business trip. While the rest of town was crowded, noisy, and smoky, we felt like we were in another town altogether. I realize many come here precisely for the noise, crowd, activity, etc., however we don't necessarily appreciate those things, feeling like we enjoy going out into it but want to be able to come back to a nice quiet luxurious spot to sleep. This is what we got - the beds are comfy, the rooms quiet, nicely appointed with up-to-the-minute furnishings (updated from when we stayed here last year), the floral arrangements in the public spaces are incredibly lush and fragrant, the baths are spacious and chic, and the service on par with a 5 diamond property. We were always welcomed back by bellmen, maids, concierge, various managers and front desk managers. We were asked by several how we were enjoying our stay.I can't say enough about the quality of the food. We are definitely &quot;foodies&quot; from the SFBay Area, and from the room service breakfast, to a catered affair in one of the meeting rooms, the food was all first class and exceptional. (In particular, at the catered dinner there was a salad that came atop a mushroom-filled ravioli that was to die for). Indeed, there are countless food choices in and around town, but you can feel comfortable ordering from any of the facilities in the hotel that you will get exemplary food choices, though expensive.I can't speak to the pool facilities as we didn't use them this trip. The one downside, and this is probably due to it being Super Bowl weekend as well as Ultimate Fighting event AND a George Strait concert, was transportation was tough to come by - and I mean specifically cabs. We didn't know of the existence of the hotel's car or we would have requested it, though I doubt it would have been available. Since the hotel is behind the Mandalay it isn't approachable very easily, few cabs actually made it all the way back to the Four Season's porte cochere. The wait each time was more than 15 minutes, but, again; consider the weekend we went.All in all - we'll definitely be returning here.	
Jan 10 2006	spa was great!	My husband and I wanted a quick getaway for New Year's and the Four Seasons was the only 4 star and above hotel with a suite left. Check in was at 3 p.m but we arrived around 10 a.m. They allowed us to check in at noon because the occupants didn't leave until 11. We went to the spa and it was great. We both got massages and took advantage of the steam room and shower. When we did get into the suite it was beautiful with a fantastic view. The second day we had some business to take care of and didn't leave the room until 2 p.m. and got back around 6 p.m. Our room had not been cleaned. We had to request service the third day. VERY disappointed since it was a suite on the top floor overlooking the strip, it wasn't cheap and we just felt they should have been a bit more prompt with service. We had room service alot and I have to say I was extremely disappointed. My husband had a couple meals he was pleased with. Overall the experience was average. Upon check out they did ask how the stay was and I told them it was good. I would stay again if there were no other suites available in the more centrally located hotels.	
Jan 9 2006	Great Service!	My husband and I just returned from 2 nights at the Four Seasons Las Vegas and we enjoyed it very much. Our room was spacious with comfortable bedding. The bathroom was large with a nice separate shower and bath. The workout room was comfortable with water and individual t.v.'s with headphones.The food at the Veranda restaurant was great and the bartenders were attentive and helpful. One even went to the front dest for us to check on weather or not we could use an Amex voucher in the Charlie Palmer Steak House. When we went to catch a cab for dinner at the Venetian they offered to give us a ride in the hotel's car. The hotel was quiet when we were there (the down time between New Year's and the Comdex Convention)so I can't say that the car would always be available.I can't wait to go back and stay again.	
Jan 8 2006	Renovation and Service	I have stayed at the Four Season's before and found the decor to be... well outdated. However, upon my most recent stay was very impressed with the renovation of the guest rooms, including plasma screen TV's. The service was incredible! Every request that I made was met with a smile and quick response. I was happy to know that the hotel is dog friendly and had special treats for my children who were always addressed by name. The spa was superb, gym beautiful! Front desk was effecient and happy! Had a great stay. The employees all seem happy and that is what really makes a hotel great! Thank you and we will be back soon!	
Jan 2 2006	Four Seasons disappointment	Well let me start by saying, that if you are not a pet lover stay away from this hotel. I am a lifelong Las Vegas resident and as a special evening to celebrate my engagement I booked a room at the Four Seasons. Upon check in I thought that I had used the wrong entrance and entered the check in for a kennel ( There were 4 dogs and a cat wandering the lobby ). Evidentially the 4 Seasons is the only hotel on the Strip that allows animals. We arrived just past the check in time of 3 p.m. and was told that our &quot; Superior &quot; room was not ready yet. We were offered a drink and asked if we would like to be directed to the Spa..?? After about 45 minutes I asked the desk again if our room was ready and told that it looked like it was...almost ready. Like they had a crystal ball and could see that they were just finishing up. The room was quite typical. One normal sized room, with a view of the airport. The bathroom was nice. I expected for a Four Seasons that the bedding would have been appointed with a high thread count sheet, but found it to be quite normal. I had also expected an upgraded mattress, that even Hampton Inn has now, but found a typical mattress with what looked like a thin cloth mattress pad on it. Maybe a piddle pad for the animals. There was a flat screen plasma T.V. in the room, but with no digital capabilities or HDTV all of the images were just poor quality stretched out over a big plasma. The room next door to us had some sort of a small animal in it that kept us awake during the night whining, from under the door of the room it was in. We didn't use any of the services at the hotel with the exception of the consierge who booked a reservation for us for dinner. I have been to the pool at the hotel in the summer time and it is quite and nice. I have to say that the housekeeping staff is very friendly in the halls, always saying good evening or good morning, but noticed that they only addressed me and not my future wife. As we checked out and headed downstairs, we proceeded to the desk through the beautiful marble floored hallway. We noticed as we walked down the hall, a porter standing ahead of us holding a small towel. He said nothing to us as we approached, but we quickly noticed that he was standing next to a small pile of dog poop, that we would have stepped in if we hadn't noticed it. The porter said nothing, but only seemed that he was waiting for us to pass before he bent over to pick it up. I was anxious for someone at the check out desk to ask how my stay was, but instead was just greeted with, &quot;well that was a short stay&quot;. I held my tongue because all that I wanted to say was, &quot;it wasn't short enough&quot;. There was never any effort to ask if everything was ok, or if we enjoyed ourselves. In closing, I will have to say that if you are looking for a luxury experience in Las Vegas, this is not the place, unless you are traveling with a pet and would like it to be able to poop on fine marble. Sorry Four Seasons Hotel Kennel and Spa but I won't be back nor will I recommend it to anyone that I know.	
Jan 1 2006 	Wonderful service keeps us coming back	My husband travels to Vegas for business, so sometimes we make a long weekend out of it. This is our favorite hotel on the strip.Rooms: The rooms are well-kept and spacious, with nice large marble bathrooms. If you've ever stayed on the strip, you know to expect screaming drunken revelry promptly at 3 AM. During our stays at the Four Seasons, this has happened once. (While very annoying, we still marvel at the fact that it's only happened once.) Actually, we stayed here earlier this year during the NBA Summer League event mentioned in another review below, and luckily all was quiet on our floor.Service: This is the highlight of our experience at this hotel. It truly makes a difference when the staff is thoroughly attentive and competent. Once, when our TV remote stopped working, a replacement arrived less than 5 minutes after a call to the front desk. Every restaurant reservation made through the concierge resulted in wonderful seating (including Emeril's own table at &quot;Emeril's&quot; in the MGM). The maids even straighten and organize your running shoes during service. There is a house car to take you to other locations on the strip free of charge, though tipping is allowed. (You can't reserve a house car in advance, but if one is available they'll bring it around for you.)Gym:Excellent hotel gym, functionally as well as aesthetically (I like the butter-colored walls). The cardio machines are modern, with individual TVs for media hounds. The weight room has standard dumbell and resistance training equipment. The free water and Gatorade is especially appreciated during and after exercise.Food/Cafe:We had an excellent breakfast at the hotel restaurant; the corned beef hash is very tasty, as are the blueberry pancakes. There is so much excellent food to be had in Vegas, though, that we usually dine elsewhere. While not inside the Four Seasons proper, I found a decent cafe to work in downstairs in Mandalay Bay, near The Border Grill. There is plenty of reading light from both overhead and a large window nearby. (Ordinarily I wouldn't review ideal study environments in Vegas, but it took me all afternoon to find this place so there you go.)Overall:We've had great stays here, with incredible service.	
Dec 29 2005	High expectations very disappointed	After doing a penthouse at Bellagio, we wanted to try FS. While the room was sufficient, I was EXTREMELY disappointed that the pool areas at both Four Seasons AND Mandalay Bay were closed. This is unacceptable. I could have stayed at Bellagio or at the Monte Carlo for 1/5 the price and they had full service for their pool areas...I should have been informed of this and the price of rooms should have been cut for this lack of major amenity.Upon checkout, a whole HOST of phone charges that weren't ours were on our bill. We demanded they be removed, only to be told there would be an &quot;Investigation&quot; into them..yeah, whatever. Go right ahead because I never used the phone and I'm sure one of your employees had a wonderful time talking to his or her relatives in San Juan. But don't try to pin $250 worth of phone charges on me.Overall, not impressed with FS and probably won't return.	
Dec 26 2005	Hate to Spoil the Party	Grotesquely disappointing. Stayed with wife and daughter for three nights in July of this year. Picked FS because it is one of few Vegas hotels that cater to children. Service was far below what I have encountered at any other FS and worse than many Hyatts/Marriotts/Sheratons.Best concierge could manage for Lance Burton show at Monte Carlo was two rows from back (despite $50 tip up front). I was able to exchange for fourth row center at Monte Carlo Box office. Concierge was equally adept at all requests for dinner/club reservations and I found I was far more effective making any required arrangements on my own.Promised complimentary Towne Car never available.Room service breakfast arrived on time but incomplete: took 20 minutes for last item to be delivered.Worst part of what was a woefully underwhelming experience had to do with timing and hotel response. We were there when the hotel was being used as the base for the NBA's Summer League. Our first night reminded me more of a college dorm with players and their &quot;guests&quot; running and screaming down the hall well into the morning. Security was finally able to get things to a reasonable level by 3:30. The next morning many guests joined me at the front desk demanding to be moved. Management's response to many of our complaints - including the pungent odor of marijuana throughout the night and day - was that these were &quot;incidents beyond their control!&quot; What rubbish.We were finally able to change rooms and the hotel made all arrangements for the move (the minimum a guest should expect), but in the process, they lost one of my shirts.On the plus side, rooms are beautifully appointed, if a bit dated, and all amenities are first-rate. The spa is one of the best I have ever enjoyed (recommend the &quot;Man for All Seasons&quot; package). Grounds at Mandalay Bay are spectacular. But staff, although friendly, never seemed to match the level of commitment I have experienced at other luxury hotels.Upon check out, I spoke to the manager directly regarding my less-than-pleasant experience at the Las Vegas FS. His response was that he would put my complaints into my &quot;guest profile&quot; folder.Not the answer I would have expected at any comparable hotel, but at this Four Seasons, I can't say it was a surprise.	
Dec 19 2005	Peaceful Stay on the Strip	I chose the Four Seasons because I wanted a peaceful non-smokey place on the strip to stay. And, that's what I got. Service was great. We were able to check into our room early. The only problem was that the jucuzzi wasn't working because there was a heating problem. The worse part is that the employees working at the pool didn't know there was a problem and couldn't help me out. The rooms weren't as modern and luxurious as I thought they would be. But, it seems that soon they will be going through a modernization.	
Dec 10 2005	Surprised at the service...	I just returned from a 3 day stay at this beautiful property. Overall, I was very impressed with the atmosphere and ambience of the facility. However, my expectations of the service and rooms prior to arrival were met with disappointment. My greeting by the doorman was pleasant and he seemed eager to assist, direct, and answer questions. My next experience was at the front desk where it began to become evident that the staff was not consistent with those that I've experienced at other Four Seasons, Ritz Carltons, etc. From that point on, the staff, in comparison to others noted, seemed aloof and unattentive. My pre-arrival requests were ignored and unacknowledged when reminded. My housekeeping calls required follow-up to garner response. I was awakened by my room service breakfast that arrived 4 hours early. In general, the pleasant and eager attention and greetings that define The Four Seasons did not exist. My spa visit was comfortable, relaxing and quite enjoyable. My massage by Melinda was superb and she is very professional. Otherwise, the complete spa experience was not of 5 star caliber. The private pool area was beautifully appointed and a relaxing respite. Especially considering the lack of a crowd (3 hours of absolute seclusion in the sun). Must have been scared off by the calendar because the weather was perfect. Minimal staff, but obviously present if called upon.Charlie Palmer Steak House offered a superior dining experience. No doubt that I would visit this restaurant again.I am not a snob, nor am I a demanding or critical guest. I took it all very much in stride and I would easily stay here again. I appreciate the presence of The Four Seasons in a destination that largely lacks such elegance and comfort. But I do think that it bears stating that a property displaying &quot;The Four Seasons&quot; at it's door should provide a consistent level of service worthy of its name and reputation. I don't think that I can rate this Four Seasons as excellent. That would not allow any room for praise of those that truly are.	
Dec 4 2005	Adam	Can people read ?The four seasons is a great company and noteIt is a serene enviro Yes It clearly notes &quot;The only retreat of its kind within this dynamic magnet for international travel, Four Seasons Las Vegas is an oasis of tranquillity and refinement a short distance from world-class entertainment and the baccarat table.&quot;aLSO NOTE THE MAPOf course being biasBut read quick facts because it states &quot;Centrepiece of the exciting Mandalay Bay Resort &amp; Casino, a 60-acre (24-hectare) resort and entertainment development at the south end of the Las Vegas Strip&quot; Put special needs in an E-mail before YOU go and also look up YOUR hotel . It will help you don't go blind folded. Look EVERYTHING on the webpage it annoys how people don't read.As noted on their web page.Can any one help me with The George V or the New York FS.	
Nov 21 2005	Average vs. Other FS	We stayed at the FS from 11/16 - 11/20 to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th b-day. The front desk and concierge staff were polite and distant (Not the type that go out of their way to make their guests feel warm and fuzzy). However, services at the pool and at the spa were excellent. Also,the food at the Verandah was delicious and priced very reasonably ($50 for 2 for breakfast). Had breakfast there every morning and are still thinking about the their french toast and truffle fries (great pool side snack for $5!). The crowd was a bit old (i.e. 40 and above) and not glamourous. All and all, the hotel lacks the energy of other high end Vegas hotels. Will most likely stay at theHotel or Wynn next time.	
Nov 8 2005	A relaxing escape	For those who have reason to be in Las Vegas but don't relish the sensory overload of the Strip, the Four Seasons is the perfect choice. The lack of a casino makes the hotel a peaceful island in the midst of the crowds. The guestroom views of the Strip and the mountains rising from the desert beyond are wonderful. The private pool is a great place to relax and read, and to enjoy the pampering provided by the pool attendants (cucumbers for the eyes, orange slices for refreshment, iced water, and evian spritzes for the face on hot days). The Verandah restaurant is a great place to start the day with brunch on a weekend morning.Best of all is the spa. The facilities, both for fitness and for pampering, are superb. The spa staff are the most friendly and helpful in the whole hotel. For those expecting perfect Four Seasons service, the hotel can be slightly disappointing. Unlike other Four Seasons, the concierges are not tops and the service is not flawless. Room service carts are left in the halls all day, and there is a constant parade of staff up and down in plain sight. It does not have the &quot;seamless service&quot; feel of other Four Seasons and other top-notch hotels.Despite this, it is still a great hotel for R&amp;R in a town that can be overwhelming at times.	
Nov 1 2005	A haven of tranquility.	My wife and I have just returned from a week in Las Vegas (our first) which we thoroughly enjoyed, not least because we chose to stay at the Four Seasons. While enjoying all the facilities of the impressive and lively Mandalay Bay complex, the Four Seasons provides a welcome escape from the noise and hubbub of the mainstream casino based resort hotels. The Four Seasons public and guest rooms exude luxury that is matched by a consistently excellent standard of service around the clock. All of the attributes of a truly five star hotel with none of the disadvantages of the public thoroughfares that blight most of the other luxury hotels in Town. Expensive, but very, very nice!	
Oct 27 2005	Very disappointing - nothing special poor value blah rooms	This is clearly the weakest link in the Four Seasons chain. What a disappointment.The rooms are totally standard, nothing special at all -- THEHotel is half the price and TWICE AS GOOD in terms of rooms, amenities, service, etc.I agree - the long walk to the elevators from the lobby is a bummer. The pool is OK, calm but nothing special.The bluecheese hamburger from room service was great.	
Oct 24 2005	Peaceful and Elegant Oasis	Our stay at &quot;THE FOUR SEASONS&quot; from October 9th till the 13th will remain one of our most wonderful memories of LAS VEGAS. We enjoyed the rush and excitement of a city that has to be experienced to be believed. This was our 1st trip to VEGAS, But most definitely will not be our last.Upon arriving at the FOUR SEASONS the staff at the front door, checkin desk and Concierge was first rate. We waited for about 1 hour for our room, which provided us the opportunity to investigate what was instore for us.The room was lovely and spacious with a grandstand view of the entire strip. The view was beautilful during the day and spectacular at night.The bathroom, bar facility, comfy bed and bed linen made our 4 nights a dream come true.Room service was informative, friendly and precise.The Four Seasons pool area was medium to large with friendly and outstanding service from the staff walking around spraying cool evian water, and offering guests orange and cucumber slices, cool ice water with lemon and cool towels. It was also a delight to be referred to by name. The other main Mandalay Bay pools were nice to have access too. They had a sandy beach in the pool area together with a wave machine and other pools. This was a lot of fun, but it was even more fun to return to the privacy and comfort of the private pool, excellent gym and relaxing spa. The Hotel was graciously designed paying attention to precise details such as inlaid marble floors, decadent flower arrangements and elegant decor.The lifts and access to Mandalay Bay Resort &amp; Casino were within easy reach from the main lobby, along with the monorail heading north.Our only disappointments were:- HANDTOWEL RAIL WAS BROKEN- FAULTY LOCK ON DRINKS CABINET- A-1 SAUCE IN RESTAURANT,SERVED IN BOTTLE NOT DISH- NO RECYCLE BINS (COME ON PEOPLE)Once again, we will return to Vegas and most likely we will stay with our friends at the Four Seasons. Thank-you!!	
Oct 19 2005	BEst Hotel in Vegas	We stayed at the FS Las Vegas for three nights. This is simply a great hotel. After having stayed at pretty much every 5 star hotel in LV, the Four Seaosns was a great change. No casino, quiet pool, great food, and a terrific room. We were upgraded to a Jr. Suite and were very comfortable. The room could use a bit of a renovation and I understand that they plan on doing that soon.The service was impeccable in every respect from the pool to the concierge to the doormen. One night when we got stuck at the Forum Shops, the hotel car picked us up at no charge. I love that!!I did find the charge to check my e-mail at the business center to be a bit unnecessary as I was paying $475/night. For that price, everything should be included.The treatment I had at the spa was very good but the facility was a bit small and lacked some features that you would expect at a hotel of this quality. A small but noticable flaw. I will stay here again. I love the pampering	
Oct 9 2005	Not worth the money...	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights, we stayed at Bellagio for four nights but wanted to exp. the Four Season's for the first time. The room was average, we stayed on the 35th floor with a view of the strip which was impressive at night time but that seemed to be the only &quot;perk&quot; The mini bar was stocked as usual but the beverages were not cold..at all. To remedy the situation we brought beer at one of the shops in Mandalay Bay and got ice in the hotel (three trips to the ice machine since the ice buckets were tiny) and stored our beer in the sink in the bathroom.I will say it was nice to be in a hotel without a casino and the pool was right outside the guest elevators but for the price of the Four Seasons you want everything to be exceptional. Roomservice was breakfast at 8:00 am, the meal should have been hotter. The service was friendly and nice however we asked for 2 extra coffee packets so we could make more coffee in our hotel room and we had to call twice and wait over an hour for the coffee packets.Please so yourself a favor and save yourself the money, this hotel is just not worth the price.	
Oct 4 2005	Heavenly Retreat among Glitz	My husband and I were staying at the Mandalay Bay Hotel; it was a disaster, so we found ourselves asking for a room at the Four Seasons wanting a queit and elegant place to retreat after enjoying the glitzy part of Las Vegas, i.e. the shows, trendy dinner, clubs or casinos.The Four Seasons never disappoints. The room was spectacular as was the pool area and food served at its restaurants. The staff went out of their way to make the stay memorable. I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants an oasis in the desert.	
Oct 3 2005 	Great expectations?	Really nice hotel, and if I wasn't familiar with other Four Seasons hotels I might not whine. However, in this instance, the usual exhorbitant price is difficult to justify. The rooms, while nice, are not much different from the typical Mandalay rooms. The private pool area is rather small, and quickly gets crowded. On the upside, the service remains impeccable, and the spa/gym is wonderful.	
Sep 30 2005 	not your typical Las Vegas hotel	This may have been my most comfortable trip to Las Vegas. The Four Seasons is a welcome oasis -- no slot machines or other casino business in the way. The staff is friendly and helpful.	
Sep 25 2005	Loved the little things	This was my first time staying at a Four Seasons and it was a treat. The staff is so accomodating. I would say that's the best thing about this hotel. When you arrive at the pool, someone is waiting to help you to find you a seat and get you all set up with cold water, menus or anything else you need. Someone came around on what was a really hot day with cold towels, then orange slices to eat and then cucumber slices to put on your eyes. I have never experienced that at any hotel I've stayed at. The Charlie Palmer Steakhouse was great. A little dark but food was real good. If you aren't into gambling this is an even better choice as it is secluded from Mandalay Bay. But if you are into playing in the casino, it's a short walk from the elevators. Rooms are good..nothing too fancy but comfy beds and great maid service. You get what you pay for at this Four Seasons!!!	
Sep 20 2005	They Just Get IT!	My wife and I just stayed for five days recently and &quot;they just get it&quot;. The service is always great... the staff is personable and genuine. I can't say enough about Mark at the Veranda Bar, Jackie and Zalata at the Pool, and Kevin is the best deep tissue massage at the Spa. Always a great trip.	
Sep 10 2005	Good But Not Great	Took my wife for a long deserved break and long weekend. I worked with the conceirge a number of time for tickets, flowers, etc. so they knew exactly when we were arriving. When we got there, earlier than expected, we had to wait until 3:30 for our room. Went to the pool, temp was about 110, where service was SLOW. Room was nice, strip view, but I moved to Manadaly Bay for a conference the next week and had a much better room at 40% of the price. Lot of room at the pool and the spa was not crowded but not sure it is worth the price	
Sep 4 2005	GO FOR THE SERVICE...	The Four Seasons is renowned for service and they did not disappoint.In fact we were transfering from THE Hotel to the 4 Seasons for one night.The concierge at the 4 Seasons got us into all the restaurants and times that we wanted even though we were not going to be staying there on that day. By the way the Mandalay reservation people were unable to get any of the same reservations. However, I have to say that the rooms were very disappointing, particularly coming from THE hotel where the rooms were well appointed and spacious. The 4 Season's rooms look like they could use a makeover and don't get one too far from the elevator otherwise coming in late and less than coherent could prove to be more of an adventure than you want. The pool is a welcomed Oasis in a sea of calamity and all of the staff are great.	
Aug 29 2005	My take on the Four Seasons	Well, there has been a lot of discussion about the Hotel at Mandalay, Mandalay Bay and the Four Seasons. In my opinion, I would choose the Four Seasons if one is interested in the location with one caveat. If one of the main interests is hanging out at the pool I would not even consider anywhere else but the 4S. I don't care is the walls at The Hotel are gold plated you will still be subjected to the zoo at the main Mandalay pools. At the 4S you have space, service and peace and quiet.My only complaint about my pool experience at the 4S is that it is a bit too quiet for Vegas. They do not play music at the pool and I did critique them regarding this. This is Vegas and I do like a more festive atmosphere. I did not ask for G &amp; R at 1000 decibels- anything would have livened up the place. Other than that a great choiceBrian	
Aug 29 2005	The Best	I have been to Vegas more times than I can count, and have stayed at many places, but hands DOWN, The Four Seasons was the best in every way. The service at the pool was incredible, from the frozen towels, cold orange wedges, and cucumbers, to the pool side meal service. I couldn't beleive I was actually eating a shrimp caesar salad IN the pool! Everyone was very friendly, from the staff to the guests. We have even emailed back and forth with some guests we met at the pool! The concierge service is wonderful. We loved the pillows in our room so much we asked how we could purchase them, and India at the concierge desk, ordered them for us, and had them sent from The Four Seasons, New York property. We upgraded to a partial strip view suite when we arrived. It had a powder room in the marble entry, and a full size bathroom off the bedroom. My one and only &quot;complaint&quot; was that the shower was tiny, and it was a little difficult to shave. The hair dryer that was provided in the room was also small, but I called housekeeping and they brought a full size dryer right up to me to use during my stay. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants during pur stay, but did order room service several times (excellent as well, the food was actually steaming hot when it arrived). Can't wait to go back. Oh, the flower arrangements are STUNNING!!!!!	
Aug 27 2005	Typical Four Seasons.......but here?	The Four Seasons is always been about the service. They have been doing it so well for so long we come to expect it. This is a great place to stay to get away from Vegas while your in Vegas. It's quiet, has a non- casino entrance and a small but very relaxing pool. The Verandah Restaurant was adequate. We had a $300.00 dinner for two at Charlie Palmer Steak, that given the service and food, was a BARGAIN. Fabulous. The rooms, especially concidering the competition in other Las Vegas Hotels, are boring. Typical Four Seasons decor, but disappointing for Vegas.I kept thinking all the while I was there what a great get away from Vegas this hotel was. So what in the world was I doing in Las Vegas! If you want the Four Seasons experience go to Maui, The lodge at Koele or Punta Mita in Mexico. In Vegas a Parlour Suite at the Wynn, A fountain view room at the Bellagio or a suite in the Venezia tower at the Venetian is a far better Las Vegas experience.	
Aug 19 2005	Very Relaxing	Had a great time. With one exception, the staff was superb. Lalani at the front desk welcomed me with a great big smile. The best times were spent at the pool relaxing. Chaz and Dan welcomed my wife and I with open arms and made us feel like we were the only ones there at the pool. Thanks guys!!! What a treat to be served Gordon Biersch beer. Yummy!!! We loved the nachos and the chicken ceasar salad!!The beds in the room were very comfy. The spa was great. Thanks to Carlos for doing a fantastic job in keeping the place so inviting. WOW!!!The hotel car driver wasn't very friendly in my own opinion. I find it very very tacky to count your tip in front of your guest. Shame on you! Never judge a book by it's cover. That's 101.Thanks Four Seasons for a memorable 40th Birthday!!!! We will be back again.	
Aug 16 2005	Still the best	The Four Seasons is sill the best of both worlds when it comes to Vegas. The hotel is separate from The Mandalay Bay and it's casino, but has easy access. The pool is very nice and peaceful and the staff was very accommodating, I counted 14 staff members working to service maybe 70 people. The pool food was expensive, as is everything at the Four Seasons, but I didn't mind the price because of the quality. If you want to use the Mandalay pools, all you need to do is show your room key. The Veranda restaurant was fine, other reviews said the service was slow. That was not the case when my family and I had breakfast everyday. The only complaint I had was the cigarette smoke traveling under our door in our one bedroom suite. I thought we were on a non-smoking floor! We call housekeeping and they sprayed our room and the hall with air freshner. The room furnishings were a little outdated. They need to redo these rooms for the price they charge. All in all, The Four Seasons Hotel treats you special and on a vacation that is want I'm looking for.	
Jul 25 2005	atrocious service at the Verandah cafe	We have been at the Verandah before, and have always enjoyed good food and excellent service. Not this time. :( To start off our meal, a waitress dumped a full glass of tomato juice on my friend, completely soaking her jeans and t-shirt. Juice was also everythere - on our purses, a little on my shirt, some on the table. The manager came out and yelled that she would like to pay our dry-cleaning bill - all of six bucks of it! Who dry-cleans jeans? Anyway, we told her that would not be necessary. We did not specifically ask for it, but expected the manager to at least comp the meal for the person who was soaked. She ordered a soup, and an entree, and only the entree was free. We were also charged for that tomato juice. Other annoyances were aplenty as well. It took about 40min to get another glass of tomato juice, and about an hour to have the table cleaned up. We were offered bread, but no butter, olive oil or vinegar. My husband asked for a cup of coffee, and 20min later had to ask again. I ordered a dish with a side of berries - and had to ask for that again, too. A couple of waiters bumped into our table throughout the meal - almost sending the glasses flying, but not quite (the waiters did say they were sorry, though, so that was nice).	
Jul 24 2005	A Dishonest Internet Portrayal	Booked the Four Seasons with my wife, looking for a weekend getaway. The internet site portrays it as a &quot;non-gaming hotel,&quot; an &quot;oasis away from the strip&quot; and an &quot;exclusive hotel.&quot; Unfortunately, it is right on the south strip. What is worse is that, after you check in, you walk down a very long hallway, and find yourself entering the Mandalay Bay elevators. The Four Seasons in Las Vegas is simply the top four floors of the Mandalay Bay, with more expensive room rates and an &quot;exclusive pool.&quot; It was very dishonestly portrayed on the internet, and not at all worth the money. We could have had a similar room for half the price by staying two floors down. We have been fortunate to stay in many wonderful five stars hotels around the world. The Four Seasons in Las Vegas is definitely not one of them. If you really want to stay here, call them first and ask EXACTLY where there hotel is located.	
Jul 23 2005	Perfect from Start to Finish	Only one vacation this year and we made it count. We booked a Strip View Suite through Amex Platinum and had breakfast included one day and lunch. Arrived a little after 10 a.m. and our room was ready. What a perfect room - Room 36113. We had a view straight down the strip. The room and service was impeccible. On the room service card you write the time and the food is there within 5 minutes of that time. The shower was exceptional and they had a deep soaking up there. The pool is phenomenal. They seat you at your chair and give you the pitcher of iced water that was refreshed each hour. The cold frozen towels were amazing when it was 117 out. The service was impecciable.The spa is amazing had the hot stone massage by Tim. I felt absolutely wonderful afterwards. They had full vanities to use afterwards with Paul Mitchell hair products. We were going to take a cab down to the Forum Shops one night and the hotel car was availabe so we were chauferred down to there at no charge. The guy gave us his card and told us to call when were were ready to be picked up. The bed was amazing. I wanted to take it home with me. We slept like babies the five nights we were there. They had fresh flower arrangements in several places in the lobby and hallway that they changed twice while we were there. Absolutely breathtaking. We used the doors to go from our hotel to Manadalay Bay but it was always so nice to come back to the coccoon of the Four Seasons. The staff was always friendly and smiling. They held the doors open for you when you were walking in our out. Let me tell you that air conditioning felt so nice while you were five feet away from the door. I would stay here again in a minute. This is luxury at its best. I loved it here a 100 x more than the penthouse suite at Bellagio. My first choice for our next visit to Vegas.	
Jul 20 2005	Loved the Four Seasons	One of the few places of quality on the strip that is calm with first rate service, great SPA, rooms and service.Get the Oasis Package.	
Jul 14 2005	Not a High Roller? Who Cares?	Our recent stay at The Four Seasons was simplywonderful! I won't repeat what everyone else issaying but will add three observations. First: Other reviews mention the rooms needingupdating. It seems to be happening, my room hadnew carpeting, and the furniture and bedding seemedto be new as well. Second: Don't count on the Mandalay Bay Pool!It was loud, crowded, and at Ten AM they said theywould have towels in a couple of hours. Third: There's No Casino! They treat everybodyto the same excellent service, whether you gambleor not.	
Jul 12 2005	An oasis of serenity on the strip	Stayed here after 2 underwhelming days at the TheHotel. Switched to the 4 Seasons because we knew what we would get for the price - service, serenity, and everything a 5 Star Hotel has to offer.Yes, its in the Mandalay Bay Tower, Yes, its on the busy crazy Mandalay Bay property..but you'd never know it. Its wonderful to step away from all the craziness into the peaceful atmosphere at the 4 Seasons. Walk in the private entrance to the private 4 seasons elevator and when the doors open you will forget that you are in Las Vegas! The ambiance is wonderful, the staff are friendly, helpful, and really make sure you have everything you need and are enjoying yourself.The rooms are typical 4 Seasons, great beds with down comforters and soft sheets, large bathrooms, and L'Occitane amenities. The rooms could probably use an updating of the furnishings, but nothing really to complain about. One of the best things about the 4 Seasons is the private pool. While the Mandalay Bay Pool was standing room only (seriously!), we could spread out and relax at the uncrowded 4 Seasons pool. The pool service was wonderful, with fresh fruit and evian spritz's throughout the day - and there was always someone there when you needed them. We even spotted a celebrity or 2.If you want to go to Vegas, spend time in the casinos and shopping - but enjoy some quiet and serenity at the end of the day, this is the place to go.	
Jul 8 2005	Priceless	A virtual oasis in the middle of Vegas madness. The rooms were wonderfully quiet, the service impeccable, the spa heavenly and the pool peaceful. It could not get any better than this. (except perhaps a longer stay...)	
Jun 28 2005	Loved the Four Seasons Las Vegas	Wow! what a great place to stay in Las Vegas. It's like an oasis in the middle of the strip. Definitely THE place to stay if you want a non-gaming hotel with awesome service, quiet, comfortable rooms and a fantastic atmosphere.We were travelling with our 18 month old son and the staff couldn't have been more accomodating. He was given a cute stuffed animal when we checked in and greeted with a big cookie and milk in our room! The room was also ready for him with a crib, swim diapers, lotion, and baby bath gel. We used their nanny service and while it wasn't cheap, it was also top notch.The food at Verandah Restaurant was excellent. We especially enjoyed the sunday brunch - it was really wonderful.The pool area is quiet and relaxed BUT if you want big fun walk through a side gate and you have direct access to the Mandalay Bay wave pool and beach.This hotel is fantastic. We give it 5 stars in every category.	
Jun 22 2005 	Best Hotel in Vegas	Love the Four Seasons Las Vegas.The strip view rooms are probably the best Vegas has to offer.The lobby is pleasant with beautiful flower arrangements, but it's not over the top.....which is a benefit because the hotel is not full tourists checking things out.It has easy access to Mandalay's casino, clubs, restaurants.....FS rooms occupy the top 5 floors of Mandalay's tower....but it has totally seperate lobby/restaurants/pool/spa/elevators.The Four Seasons pool is only for FS guests,which is nice because you're not sharing it with 2000 other guests. FS guests also have access to Mandalay's wave pool and lazy river.The weekend breakfast buffet was great.I had my dog with me, and he was treated like a prince.For any one who is familiar with Four Seasons service, they won't be disappointed here. In fact, I think the service can be more appreciated here because the hotel provides a perfect respite from the other hectic spots on the strip.	
Jun 1 2005	Loved the Four Seasons	My husband, 15 year old daughter, and I just got back from a Memorial Day weekend getaway to Las Vegas. The Four Seasons was perfect for us. Very quiet - no casino! The room was beautiful with a strip view. When, after the first night, I had to call to complain about the screaming baby in the next room, the staff were very cordial and moved us to a better room. The pool is great and staff very attentive. Love the Evian water and orange slices! On Sunday night we ate at Envy in the Renaissance Hotel (which, by the way, looks like a really cool place to stay). It was one of, if not THE best, steak we'd ever had! And the special french fries (Truffle Fries) were amazing! Service, too, was great. Overall a really fun Vegas experience!	
May 21 2005	Best time of my life!	I had a few days off after a very busy year, and I decided to book it to Vegas. I stayed at the Four Seasons and I'm so happy that I actually took some advice from my friend. Great view of the strip...the lights at night were definitely a site to see. Exquisite service, friendly people, beautiful and comfy rooms...the list goes on and on. The hotel's concierge was helpful with the night life scene, although how hard could it be to find a wild and crazy time in Vegas?The workout room was great, so much equipment to choose from. I definitely kept in shape while I was there, if only for a short time.On my down time, I had my own Swedish in-room massage and four layer facial. Imagine making one phone call and having all the comforts of the good life coming to you! You can't beat that.Also, the Verandah restaurant was a treat. Very tasty food, well prepared, prompt and courteous service.The next time I'm out in Vegas, that's the only place I will stay. Try it out for yourselves....it's definitely something you don't want to miss out on!	
May 18 2005	Classy and elegant - too spoiled to stay anywhere else	First trip to Las Vegas and we stayed in the Four Seasons. Outstanding service and exceptionally friendly staff--the concierges can work miracles. They were able to obtain front row center seats at the sold out Cirque du Soleil production of &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio. They also booked us a helicopter Grand Canyon tour. We enjoyed the hotel limo service many times. Our room was on the 39th floor with a fantastic strip view. Room service came exactly when they said they would. The pool service was great. Exciting stay in an exciting city. I highly recommend the Four Seasons Hotel.	
May 4 2005	ahh! to be in an oasis in Las Vegas	THE FOUR SEASONS is an oasis in LAS VEGAS. The rooms were nicely furnished and the service was excellent. I always like a spritz of evian while at the pool. This a FOUR SEASONS HOTEL, which just happens to be in Las Vegas not a Las Vegas Hotel called THE FOUR SEASONS. Everything was very nice but not stupendous. If you want to go to Vegas and occasionally go to sleep before midnight and still enjoy all the excitement, this is the place. The Mandalay Bay is only a door away, so you can enjoy everything at your leisure. I travelled with 2 children who were treated excellently. My wife hates to gamble, so I could still get in a couple of hours of blackjack and craps after everyone went to bed.	
Apr 23 2005	Four Seasons - Good Choice for us	Stayed @ Four Seasons for three nights beginning 4/19/05. Awesome service, great room overlooking strip. Staff is very attentive. Quite easy to move between Mandalay Bay pools and Four Seasons pool. Service @ Four Seasons pool was superior, tho! Definitely pretty far down the strip...used the monorail between Mandalay Bay/Luxor/Excalibur every time to cut the walking down. Shark Reef was VERY well maintained and more of an attraction than I had at first thought. Definitely worth the $ and I would stay in a Four Seasons Hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Apr 7 2005	Not A Casino In Sight!	I am not overly fond of Las Vegas, but on occasion will visit, as I did last Friday night. While driving from Aspen Co. to Los Angeles, I realized that I didn't have the stamina to make it straight through, so I started calling from the road to hotels in Las Vegas. I spoke to a very polite fellow from The Four Seasons about availability and found that there were two rooms free, one was $500 plus and the other $450, I negotiated and got the price to $375 (it was already 9 pm) and an hour later I pulled into the valet station (The Four Seasons is located in The Mandalay Bay tower but has a seperate entrance) and proceeded into their beautiful and elegant lobby. Checked in ,mindful that I was not in a casino in spite of the fact that I was in a hotel in LV, my room was beautiful the sheets were Italian about a 2000 thread count and the bathroom was spacious. I have stayed in TheHotel , which is also a part of Mandalay Bay, a very nice hotel, but I preferred the old world charm of The Four Seasons. It's Las Vegas without the &quot;Vegas&quot; clang clang of slot machines. The restaurants in MandalayBay are very chic and I have found the food to be very good. Will only stay at The Four Seasons from now on, my Cirus Cirus days are behind me now.	
Mar 31 2005	Classy oasis	Get away from the crowds and the kitsch. Located at the end of the strip on the top floors (35-41) of the Mandalay Bay hotel, but it has its own entrance/lobby. Beautiful hotel; everything top notch.	
Mar 19 2005	New Years Eve	Stayed at The Four Seasons 12-29 thru 1-1-05. Specifically chose this hotel because of its design (Elegant &amp; quiet lobby,Private Hotel entry area,etc. Did'nt want the typical vegas hotel set-up) Check in took less than 3 minutes. Room was great. View of Strip was great from the 38th Floor. My wife &amp; I felt like we were the only guest in this hotel. Loved going from our elevators thru the private entrance into the casino area. Had reservations at Charlie Palmers New Years Eve. Staff very professional. We were seated immediately. Food was excellent. Highly recommend this hotel &amp; restaurant to anyone seeking the combination of private,elegant surroundings and one of the most comfortable casinos in Vegas.	
Mar 7 2005 	Top Notch Hotel in Vegas	Stayed here for 3 nights (Feb 28-Mar 3). This is by far one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. I was under the assumption that the Four Seasons was a separate hotel from Mandalay Bay and THEhotel. The Four Seasons occupies the top 5 floors of Mandalay Bay........incredible views even facing the Bali Hai golf course. Several good things about this hotel: 1) the spa/fitness facility, 2) the pool area........absolutely huge since it shares with Mandalay Bay, 3) easy access to Mandalay Bay for gambling/bars/etc.All in all I would stay here again in a heart beat............since I was on a company trip that probably won't be happening. I will stay at Mandalay Bay though. My wife and I visited every major casino/hotel on the strip and we loved Mandalay Bay above the rest.............especially House of Blues, Red Square, and Rum Jungle!	
Mar 2 2005	Great Choice in a Great City.	Stayed here for four nights and truly enjoyed the experience. My wife and I travel with our 5 and 7 year olds often so it's nice to have a hotel that treats kids in a special way. The front desk greeting was rather sterile but the rest of the staff was friendly and accomodating. We have been to Las Vegas about 10 times and this was easily our best stay. Great added benefit is access to the Mandalay Bay pool area, which is the largest resort pool complex that I have ever seen. Breakfast onsite was fine and food service at pool was great. We have been fortunate not to have a bad experience at any of the top hotels we stayed at over the years. My tip is be realistic or assertive. Most hotels are going to have less than stellar rooms so you either pay for a nicer room or put your foot down request a nicer room. Request a strip view room (great at night). I believe that this is the top choice if you have kids traveling with you. Highly recomend.	
Feb 25 2005	OK but stay away from Charlie Plamers Steakhouse	Stayed there for a quick get away, the hotel was very inconvenient to get to being that its in the Mandalay Bay. If you plan on driving, well be prepared to pay for parking per day. &quot;Every other parking garage in Vegas is free&quot; The hotel staff very nice. The place smelled like a funeral home with all the flowers. I think that it was a bit overkill. The Charlie Plamer Steakhouse. What a joke. EXTREMELY expensive and so not worth it. In a town that you can get gourmet anything top quality. I live here and try new places quite often. The service just as bad as the food. The quality about the same as the 4.99 special that I used to get at the old Horseshoe. We actually sat for about a half of an hour before I finally got up to get myself a menu. That was after we sat for about an hour past our reservation time. When I expressed my concern they offered to buy a dessert. We excepted, the waiter then brought us something without us even getting to look at a dessert menu. What if I had a problem with chocolate? It was probably the dessert that wasn't moving that night! Upon check-out I let them know at the front desk. They heard me out and proceeded to not charge me for the lame meal. Upon thier investigation, I guess they thought my complaints weren't warranted. The meal including the dessert that they were supposed to give me appeared on my credit card with some apology. They said perhaps I just caught them on a off night! Much better choices in town. Charlie should try his restuarant sometime. He might be shocked at whats going on there!	
Feb 1 2005	more like two seasons..	you would think staying at the four seasons, especially in a place like Vegas, would be a most elegant experience...it was more like staying at the Two Seasons. We stayed in Vegas for New Years eve/day 2004-05 and were disappointed in the facility. Knowing that my fiancee and I were staying in a double occupancy room, they gave us one bathrobe, NO towel and old tissues/makeup was left over from the previous guest, so I question if our room was even cleaned. The next day, I left my shoes out for shining (which is a nice gesture) and was unpleasantly surprised to find out they were delivered to someone else's room (by now I'm picturing a 6ft tall gentleman wearing my size 5 max azria heels.) On our final day, the cleaning crew was leaving at 3pm and were in a rush to clean our room at 230 while I was sick in bed with the flu during this trip. They banged down our door and when we let them know that we were not ready to have the room cleaned, they called the front desk to call us and let them in.....very unprofessional. I stayed at the resort to consider it as a wedding site...now I don't think I want my funeral held there.	
Jan 25 2005	Wouldn't stay anywhere else	I go twice a year to Las Vegas. Won't stay anywhere but the Four Seasons. My husband is in a wheel chair and they do everything to meet the needs of my husband. My husbands motorise chair is waiting at our arrival. The pool is small but very restful. I meet very lovely people at the pool and the staff could not be any more attentive. Love the hotel car rental and the bottle of cold water in the car waiting. I've stayed at other hotels in Vegas and none of them compare to the Four Seasons. The action of the casinos is a stone throw away. You have your own elevator to Mandalay Bay, if you can find the little door that is. lol . Will be back in June and can't wait.	
Jan 6 2005	Ok but could have been better	We had gone there-four adults and an infant, so we had gotten two rooms. Upon check-in, we had given the front desk employee a box of chocolates from where we were from-Hawaii and she had said thank you, but it was followed by, oh many Hawaii people always bring us these. It was one of those times where you wanted to take something back because of them not being thankful. I had called the hotel days before checking in to let them know about our daughter, her age and name so things would be ready for her and they had sent out a plate of cookies, that included M&amp;Ms, her name in chocolate, and a cute marzipan dog. Very cute. But there was nothing else like they mentioned there would be. I left a note for the housekeeper and upon returning they had put a cute bathtub faucet protector and also crayons and a coloring book for my daughter. If you are going with kids, double check with them that there are amenties for your child that comes with the hotel.We were in a room that was next to a crying baby and that was a far ways from the elevator. With an infant, this was not a good thing since we had alot of things to carry.The nice thing is that we were able to use the Mandalay Bay pool as well as the Four Seasons Pool.	
Jan 3 2005	Now I could never stay anywhere else in Vegas	Spent 3 nights at the Four Seasons (Dec. 6-9), and loved it! Thanks to Tripadvisor users, I cancelled my Mandalay Bay reservation and splurged on the Four Seasons for our 5th anniversary. That made our trip, and this is my first 5-star review ever, on Tripadvisor.Service was outstanding. When we arrived, the assistant manager came out to greet us personally (he'd answered a question I'd emailed to the hotel)! He then told us we were being upgraded to a suite overlooking the strip (even though we'd only booked a moderate room), in honour of our anniversary, and sent a card and a cake to our room. Wow! From then on, everyone we encountered treated us like truly special guests with the kind of service I've never seen before. The bartender served us great drinks and made sure we never went a minute without snacks. A second visit to the bar got us even more attention. Several staff waited on us just to serve us drinks and snacks! Water and snacks refilled before we even had a chance to notice we were getting low.Housekeeping was impeccable. I'm picky, but everything was perfectly clean, perfectly tidy, always on time. When I called down to ask for Woolite, they brought me not the 1 packet I asked for, but 6 or 7 of them. The bed was comfortable, the water pressure was good and there was a humidifier in the room to keep things from getting too dry (desert air).Despite the cool air the week we were in town, the heated pool was open, and a pool attendant stood by (in a parka) to ensure guests were looked after. He chatted to us and seemed genuinely friendly. And he brought glasses of water to us by the pool. The pool was nice and warm, and the hot tub was good and hot.We ate breakfast in the restaurant 3x. Everything we ordered was delicious, and beautifully presented. Not one bad berry in the bowl of berries, tea made perfectly, coffee was delicious. When we checked out, the valet was wonderfully friendly, and offered us bottles of water for the drive. In addition to all this, one of the main reasons to stay here is to experience a quiet (after hearing the ringing of the slot machines throughout Vegas, you know how good it is to be somewhere you can't hear them), restful place to relax and lay down your head. The more hotels we walked through, the more thankful I was to return &quot;home&quot; to the oasis of the Four Seasons.I'd like to go back to Vegas, JUST to stay here again.	
Jan 3 2005	Needs updating	The rooms were probably state-of-the-art when the hotel was built, but the rooms at newer hotels (the Hotel at Mandalay, Ritz Carlton) far surpass the rooms at the Four Seasons. I stayed at the Four Seasons when it first opened and remember being impressed. Now, the rooms seem small and dated. I think the hotel could benefit from a renovation (e.g., Four Seasons rooms have VCR's; other hotels have DVD players/plasma TVs/fax machines). Pluses -- the service and food in the Verandah were top-notch (the ice cubes in the iced tea were made of iced tea!); loved the fresh floral arrangements; excellent location. But, I think management would benefit from visiting their competitors (e.g., turndown service was lacking compared with the Ritz -- breakfast menu missing; no music playing on CD radio; no chocolates). At these prices, it's the quality of the furnishings and the small things that matter (e.g., how about adding a CD/DVD library in the rooms? or putting bottled water in the car for the drive home?). I hope the Four Seasons improves soon -- I look forward to seeing how they will outdo the competition. But, for now, I'd stay at the Hotel at Mandalay or the Ritz Club Level.	
Dec 2 2004	Delightful Upgrade	We had a wonderful time at the Four Seasons Las Vegas. On our last trip we were upgraded to a huge two bath, strip view suite with a spacious seperate bedroom.The Verandah Bar and Restaurant is quite nice. Justice, the bartender is very good; he even remembered my standard drink from the month before. Upon returning home from Las Vegas, we recieved a complementary night for our upcoming trip to the Four Seasons Mexico City . The Four Seasons is the best, highly recommended.	
Nov 30 2004	Horrible Experience	During our April 2004 stay, we noticed several very large moths in our room and spent considerable time tracking them down with a folded newspaper. In the morning, I made the mistake of stepping on the air vent at the bottom of the floor to ceiling window. The room was instantly filled with fifteen or twenty huge moths, ugh. At checkout, we were forced to talk with the manager to get any resolution of the problem. We were finally given a $100. discount on the room, a free breakfast, and a quaranteed upgrade on a future visit. Needless to say we won't be making a future visit. And aside from the moths, the room was okay but not great. There was an original oil painting on the wall that reminded me of a paint by numbers set. The private pool area was most pleasant	
Nov 16 2004	Get Away From the Casino Noise	The Four Seasons is a great hotel for those who don't like the noise and crowds of hotels with casinos. For those who do want a casino in their hotel, the Four Seasons is still the place - just take the elevator down to the Mandalay Bay casino. Since the Four Seasons has a separate entrance from Mandalay, it is a quiet respit from the casino.Though their standard rooms seem somewhat small for a Four Seasons, the amenities and service are excellent. L'Occitane de Provence bathroom products are a bonus, including a lavender linen spray should you need to iron! One note about the Four Seasons Spa: use the spa at Mandalay Bay instead, the facilities are much better.It was too chilly to use the pool, but it looked very nice. Guests may also use the huge pool facilities at Mandalay, but the Mandalay guests may not use the Four Seasons pool. The Verandah restaurant is excellent.Although the hotel is at the end of the Strip, there is a tram going from Mandalay Bay to the Luxor and Excalibur. You still have to walk to other hotels from the Excalibur tram station, but it does get you a bit closer.	
Oct 31 2004	An oasis to be sure	Spent six nights here this October at $240 a night. Within the past few years we've (wife and I) also stayed at Mandalay Bay, Rio, and Venetian. The pool service is great as described elsewhere. Our only complaint is the air whining noise that seemed to get loudest in the morning as the service elevator started getting a workout. (We had a room at the end of the hallway.) Will return. Be sure to ask for entrance to the Foundation room for possible star sightings (Clint Eastwood, this trip) and a wonderful view of the strip.	
Oct 9 2004	Wow!	My husband and I spent our 10th wedding anniversary here in August and LOVED it. The room was excellent (especially the bathroom with soaker tub) but it was the service that made the real difference. Everyone from the front desk staff to the food service at the pool was exceptional.	
Sep 10 2004	Quiet Oasis with Class	Really enjoyed our first time in Las vegas and our stay at The Four Seasons. Loved the combination of a quiet haven away from the hustle and bustle of the Mandalay Bay Casino/Pools and enjoyed having usage of their amenties. My Dtr, age 11 enjoyed the wave pool and lazy river ride. Staff was very accommodating and went out of their way to please. We were upgraded to a room on the 39th floor(Top Floor) with a full view of the strip. Booked our stay through American Express Platinum Travel Services which included breakfast daily for 2 and other bonus amenities. Would stay their again.	
Sep 7 2004	Sanctuary in Sin City	Nothing like the Four Seasons for an incredible vacation. Love the service that delivers cool towels, orange slices and cucumbers poolside. Everything you need to relax after a LONG Vegas night!	
Sep 4 2004	Great Stay	What a wonderful stay. Used the Southwest Airlines Vacation Package. They offer great packages. Stayed on the 38th floor with a Awesome view of the strip. Great Room! Room included everything you will need, if you want to just &quot;hang out&quot; in the room. They even included a disposable &quot;digital&quot; camera. Staff was very polite. Will make a return visit. Food was great. Ordered room service (breakfast) and I think for the first time (for a room service meal) the meal was actually HOT! The entire experience was GREAT!!!!!!! Excellent for Adults!!!! Very few children around.	
Aug 27 2004	Avoid the crowds and leave pampered!	This was my first time in Vegas and my fiance's second time in about 8 years. Before arriving here, I checked the reviews on this site and many others before booking. We were so happy with our stay, we couldn't wait to come back and share our thoughts on this site! We did pay about $250/night with the $25 credit/day, but comparable hotels like the Bellagio and Mandalay Bay have the same rates, and are extremely crowded EVERYWHERE and just too blatantly fancy. The Four Seasons is a hotel for people who don't need a lot of obvious glitz and glamour to feel like you're getting what you paid for. The room was very clean and tastefully decorated with original artwork and quality bath products from L'occitane each day. The rooms are tended to twice a day and newspapers are delivered daily in the morning. Room service was also convenient and tasted great. We didn't use the spa, but took advantage of the gym and pool almost every day. There are tropical flowers and baskets of apples and oranges. The gym is clean and had mint condition machinery. Gatorade and lemon water, headsets, TVs on each machine, magazines, anything you need-- you have. The locker room is like a spa in itself. Steam room, robes, lockers, towels, slippers, shavers, great soap, shampoo, toner, lotion cotton balls, Q-Tips.. The concierge at FS was very helpful and friendly and helped us book tickets to O, Blue Man Group and George Wallace. All will keep you captivated for the entire time. We only had one bad experience with a restaurant, Fusia, when we paid for a package with Blue Man Group. Food was too sweet and the prefix meal was definitely not worth it. We loved our waitress though, who was very friendly and gave us a complimentary dessert at the end. On the last day, Monday, we headed to the Mandalay Bay area for breakfast and found all the restaurants had long lines! Even Raffles, which wasn't very good always had a long line (but they are open late in the night). So... we headed back to the FS and ate breakfast there for the third time. No lines, beautiful palm tree views, sounds of water from the pool nearby, amazing service and food. That day we actually ate AT the Verandah itself, since it was opening day. Previously breakfast was served next door at Charlie Palmer Steak until the Verandah's renovations were completed. We were also there for Verandah's opening night dinner, which offered a free entree with one full entree. The new restaurant is gorgeous, with beautiful woodwork, lighting, outdoor seating. There are even loveseats for couples who want to sit next to each other. The food was delicious and our waiter was very friendly and gave us some great information about the renovation process.Even the people who stay at the FS are friendly. Visitors in the elevators say &quot;hello&quot; and ask how your trip is doing when you run into each other again. At THE hotel, it seemed more like a place to be seen. Some visitors and staff were very obnoxious when giving directions or passing you in the crowds at the lobby. The Bellagio, Paris and others were beautiful, but again there were crowds everywhere and just generally not easy to get around. It was great to be able to visit all the other hotels, but even better to be able to come back to the Four Seasons and feel you have left the chaos behind you. PS: Don't forget to read the awards FS has won in Vegas and around the world on Forbes! Tip from my sister, another trip planner!	
Aug 16 2004	Beyond the call	Given all of the other reviews, mine seems redundant. But this is an extraordinary property --all the more so because it is in Las Vegas. Were it in any other city, it would be a first rate hotel but might not seem quite so remarkable. But it is an oasis of grace in a city where that quality is not always evident. The service was extraordinary. A sign of this is the following: The Verandah, the casual dining restaurant, was closed for renovation during my mid-August stay. The space I gather had been used as an alternative was booked for a wedding. Another hotel might simply have said, &quot;Too bad! There is no scarcity of dining spots in Vegas. Go to Mandalay Bay. Or call room service.&quot; The Four Seasons instead set up a small meeting room with a buffet, a full bar, a huge wine selection, etc., etc. I doubt they had more than a couple of dozen guests for dinner that evening. (And given the small room, etc., they clearly did not expect many more.) There seemed to be nearly that many servers, bartenders, etc. To have gone to this trouble is a sign of the way the FS works. Who could grumble if the warm food at the buffet was at time only luke warm? It was the thought that counted.	
Aug 15 2004	Not Worth the Price	I booked a standard room (mountain view) for two nights (August 10-11) at a cost of $250 per night. As part of the &quot;Oasis Package&quot; this included a $25 credit per day towards incidentals. The appearance of the hotel is nice, but underwhelming based on its 5-star AAA rating. Most of the Fairmont Hotels I have stayed at are superior. The room amenities were good (top quality sheets, furnishings, etc.) and the room was a modest size - a few glitches like a slow drain, but maid service was very good. All of the staff were friendly and helpful. I think it simply doesn't compare to the finer hotels of the world. I could have stayed at Bellagio for a lower rate ($199-$239). The Bellagio was crawling with people when I visited and I think presents a different type of option (less serene though more luxurious overall). I am not sure if the cost of the room that you stay in at the Four Seasons is directly relative to the enjoyment of your stay, but I expect it is. Service at the small pool area was good, but had to wait for ice water refills the first day, and others did not automatically get ice water. This was tough in 112F weather. It is great to have separate elevators from Mandalay Bay to get to your room quickly, and still have full use of the facilities at Mandalay. Mandalay was busy, and all the pool areas were packed with people, and lots of kids. Nice to have the option of a quieter pool area at Four Seasons. Had to show photo ID with room key and card holder to eat at the Mandalay Buffet and charge the expense to my room. I found this very annoying. The on-site car rental cost $59/day for an intermediate vehicle (only one available). I felt ripped off as web rates would put the rental closer to $35.99/day. In terms of value for money, I think a $200 per night rate or less would be more reasonable (or slightly more for a strip view) and cannot imagine paying over $250 during the high season. Another negative is the location, if you do intend to move up and down the strip. You can catch a monorail to Luxor/Excalibur but the hotter resorts are mid-strip. I stayed at Ballys for $69 dollars per night in a renovated room. That was full value for money, though again, an entirely different experience. I would recommend staying in two different hotels to experience the differences.	
Jul 27 2004	loved the four seasons	We just returned from 4 seasons las vegas. we stayed there july 22-july 25 2004. when we arrived the power was out in the entire hotel. the hotel was operating on generators and all of the shops, restaurants and pools were closed. We were greeted at the desk by Gregg Cummings. He immediately upgraded us to a strip view room. We were greeted with four chocolate covered strawberried. The service was impeccable. Our room was gorgeous and we were able lie in bed and look down the strip. It was fabulous. I cannot impress how wonderful it is to have access to the Mandalay property but also be able to escape to an oasis of calm smoke free sopistication. As a 4 seasons guest we were able to enjoy the best of both worlds in Las Vegas.I can say that the chaos of the Mandalay Bay pool was similar to being at a busy day at raging waters. There were too many people, too many wild kids and no servers or waitresses. We lasted at the Mandalay pool for 10 minutes.We went straight back to the 4 seasons. We were greeted by steve who set up our lounge chairs, got our pitcher of water, and misted us as we relaxed poolside while listening to classical music.We had massages at the 4 seasons spa. Clay was my massuse. It was the best deep tissue massage I have ever had. The serenity of the spa and it's treatment rooms was wonderful.The service, the food, and the atmosphere make this a wonderful getaway. We will definetly go back to Vegas and from this point forward we will only stay at the 4 seasons.	
Jul 26 2004	Too bad there was a power outage	My husband and I stayed here from the 21st - 24th of July. It was a lovely hotel, quiet and calm compared to the Mandalay Bay. Unfortunately, there was a power outage on our second day, which meant no pools! Even the Mandalay Bay pools were closed which was a real inconvenience at it was 110 degrees. All in all we had a great stay, even though we didn't experience any of the &quot;personal touches&quot; other reviewers mention.	
Jul 21 2004	The best as always!	We originally were not scheduled to be at the Four Seasons as they were sold out, but as fate had it, we were desitined to stay there. We had just checked in to The Hotel which is part of Mandalay Bay. From the minute we got out of the cab, we just seemed to run into one thing after another. First no bellman in sight to help with luggage, long waits at the front desk while we waited for 20 minutes while someone under-age with no ID was trying to explain why he should get a room key to a room he was sharing with 5 others and finally after leaving the beautiful room we had been assigned, we came back an hour later to find that they were right in the middle of shampooing the carpets in our room. Consequently, we were told we could have a lesser room. At that point is when the Four Seasons magic began.We called and pleaded with the Front Desk at the Four Seasons and told them of our plight. At that time a room did come available, it was a Las Vegas Suite which was offered to us for 1/2 the rack rate. The front desk manager personally came to The Hotel along with an associate to meet us and carried our luggage through the Mandalay Bay and checked us into our beautiful suite. I was so impressed by this personal service which is their trademark.Once ensconced, the room was just gorgeous which was shortly followed by a lovely welcoming amenity to add to our joy. The view, the amenities and the service were just perfect. We spend some time wandering around the hotel and couldn't help but notice what a civilized oasis it was from the hectic hustle and bustle of the other hotels and from the smoke and noise. It was always such a relief to come back after being out.It was very expensive but definitely worth the price because you definitely get what you pay for.	
Jul 12 2004	nothing's perfect but	four seasons comes as close to a perfect vacation as you can get. If you want to just get away from it all and be luxuriously pampered, this is the place. Yes, the room rate is high, but being treated to the amentities in the spa or sitting poolside while an attendant brings you lemon water, orange slices and sprays you with Evian mist, priceless. Four seasons delivers and then some.	
Jul 12 2004	The Best Hotel In Las Vegas	This is the letter that I wrote to the GM of the hotelDear Four Seasons,I would like to begin this letter on point, before going into full detail about our stay. You should be proud to know that we feel that you run &quot;the&quot; best hotel in the city of Las Vegas. We have been to Vegas five times, and out hotels have included The Bellagio, MGM Grand, and Venetian. Everything from the lobby to the pool rivals that of those hotels stated. We were greeted with a beautiful room that was ready upon our arrival, as per a request for early check-in. And enjoyed a wonderful lunch by the pool, during our stay our servers included Katie, Chaz and Leslie. Leslie was wonderful, she treated our family with such care and love, and should certainly be looked upon as the best of your staff. Everyone at the pool was magnificent, we were given such personal attention, towards the end of our stay we were even greeted by name, before even checking in. Pool attendants included Steve, Margaret, Vivian, James and Moses. And at the porte cochere Gerry the valet was wonderful, always greeting us with a pleasant smile every evening. Those however are just a handful of names that we remember, but we cannot say that we had a single less then standard attendant, they were all magnificent. On the last day of our stay, after checking out, our daughter Ashli became very ill, almost immediately James, Leslie, and Moses, were on the phone with the front desk, and within minutes we had a room for a few hours so she could rest away from the blazing heat. This is service that goes above and beyond what anyone else would do, and truly sets the Four Seasons apart from all others. Every single inch of the hotel exudes a level of service is bar none of anything we have ever experienced. I was truly amazed. Although nothing is perfect, the Four Seasons is close, and to help you get there I would like to offer you some suggestion. Compared to the other hotels in Las Vegas, your housekeeping, or turndown service is extremely below standard. Robes and slippers should be placed near the bed, and something should be offered such as bottled water fruit or chocolate. With the exception of that area, please keep up the excellent work. We have spoken about next years trip, and even with all of the new hotels opening, the Four Seasons Las Vegas will be the only hotel that the we will stay at forever more.	
Jul 8 2004	Amazing Service	Stayed here for our anniversary a few weeks ago, had the best time we have ever had at any hotel. Amazing service, great restaurants, great time...	
Jul 8 2004	Best Hotel of my life - hands down!	We just got back yesterday from a 4 night stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas (July 2 - July 6 2004). To summarize - we have a one year old and 3 year old so it is really important that when we get the opportunity to get away it is perfect. I can honestly say (and my husband and I are very critical) that I wouldn't change a thing. We cashed in all of our mileage points so we could afford paying $ 120 a night for the room and it was worth it. We had one issue where a dog in the neighboring room was barking while we were trying to take a nap. We called down and they moved us to a beautiful suite. The Four Seasons staff were spectacular some examples: leaving us chocolate as an apology for the dog issue, filling the ice bucket in our room, fabulous L'Occitane soap, shampoo and lotion, house car that can take you for free within 3 miles of the hotel if you ask, they printed our Southwest boarding passes via the internet at midnight so we could get preferred seating... We went to the pool and they escort you to a chair of your choice and prepare the chair with a fitting towel, bring you a big pitcher of ice water with lemon and offer drinks or food. It was fabulous - we are not accustomed to this so we felt a bit out of our league but that was fine with us! I had wondered if these reviews were for real - our is for real. If you are thinking of staying at a really nice place you will not be disappointed at the Four Seasons - promise!	
Jul 7 2004	As good as it gets	To get a hotel any better than this you will have to die.....and go to heaven.Stayed here over 4th of July weekend and was blown away. The service, food, and decor are not of this world.The pool/spa/healthclub are spectacular. Prepare to be spoiled with small touches (each treadmill has its own TV attached to it, the pool attendants will bring fruit and evian to you on a regular basis, the bath tubs are extremely deep, dry cleaning and laundry comes back in an hour, the beds are soft and plush, and the list goes on and on). The price is as high as it gets in Las Vegas, but is very reasonable by the standards of other cities. A hotel like this in Paris or New York would be at least three times the price. MUST STAY HERE TO BELIEVE HOW GOOD IT IS.	
Jun 29 2004	Hands Down best hotel in Vegas!!!	My wife and I have stayed at this hotel many times. It is the only place we will stay at in Vegas. We have stayed at the other mega luxury hotel/casinos, they have no service, no tranquility in comparison. The Four Seasons is attached to Mandalay Bay and you can enjoy the action there. However once you return to the Four Seasons the peace and tranquility is like an immediate stress releiver. Its all the little things they do that add up to the best hotel in Vegas. The $ is worth it.	
Jun 29 2004	A value proposition? Absolutely!	Sure there are less expensive alternatives in the super luxe category, and all of them come with casinos and the many trappings of a big LV resort...but if you really want to get away from reality in the neon land of unreality, then the Four Seasons Las Vegas is your best bet. Spent the better part of 100 degree days poolside getting spritzed by aerosolized Evian, treated to wedges of fresh oranges, cooled by rolled chilled wet towlettes, satiated by bottomless pitchers of lemon water, waited on hand and foot by attentive and attractive human life forms, poolside menu by Charlie Palmer (the lobster roll!), afternoon hot stone massages worked the lunch off, leaving room for Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse for dinner, and immediate access to all of the pleasures of Mandalay Bay. PERFECTION. PRICELESS.	
May 20 2004	Unbelievable level of service	We were lucky enough to stay at the Four Seasons for a friend's wedding. We loved how you could be in the frenetic activity of the Mandalay Bay one minute, and then walk through the doors of the Four Seasons &amp; be enveloped in quiet luxury the next. Although Four Seasons guests can use all the amenities of the Mandalay as well, the difference between the two was quite marked. Although the Mandalay had a fun &quot;wave pool&quot; and a &quot;lazy river&quot;, we quickly tired of the lack of umbrellas under the hot sun, the crowded &quot;beach&quot;, and the lack of privacy. We scooted back over to the Four Seasons side, and while the pool itself was nothing special, the individual cabanas (no charge) with overhead water spritzers, telephones, and food &amp; drink service was the height of luxury. Having a Cobb Salad &amp; diet coke delivered to enjoy while I relaxed under my cabana was the best! But the greatest indicator of the level of service was when my husband forgot his cumberbund. While the Mandaley offered no help, the concierge at the Four Seasons said, &quot;just a moment&quot;, turned around, and came back with a loaner cumberbund. Unbelievable!	
May 13 2004	Many Problems over Multiple Stays but Still a Good Hotel	We've stayed at the Four Seasons Las Vegas nearly 6 times, and are scheduled to be there again in late June. Overall, it's the finest hotel in LV, but over years we've certainly had problems. Even though we had a confirmed reservation and were return customers, they were overbooked when we arrived to check in. They put us up in a suite @ the Mandalay Bay overnight. It was disgustingly filthy. Large stains in the carpeting, on the sofa, and the soap holders in the bath were broken off and laying on the vanity. Another time as we were departing, I was stuggling with loading my luggage into our rental car at the porte cochere. The main valet/bellman viewed the situation, and kept talking with a co-worker no more than 10 feet from me. I shot him a disapproving look, but perhaps because I am Asian, he did not feel the need to offer his assistance. I've never forgotten how I departed after staying there for a full week, in a strip-view suite.Yet on another stay at the Four Seasons, the bellman had lost my leather jacket. We'd arrived before our room was ready, so the bellman took our luggage and coats, while we had lunch. He put our luggage into our room when it was finally ready, but not my jacket. Apparently, he'd hung it in another guest's closet - he couldn't remember which room, as there had been many arrivals that particular day.I'm only going back this June because of the hotel's sense of quiet and privacy.	
May 11 2004	top of the world	Best view in Vegas.All employees were friendly and would go the extra mile for special requests.Thinking about having daughters wedding there if i can talk her into it.	
Apr 29 2004	The only place to stay in Vegas	THE place to stay in Las Vegas. Typical Four Seasons service and quality. Rooms are very nice. Only hotel in Vegas I've ever been to that you could not smell cigarette smoke at all. One floor away from the Mandaly casino. Pool is private and service there was very pampering. Spa is awesome! I will never stay anywhere else when I come to Vegas.	
Mar 11 2004	Nice but....	BEAUTIFUL--as Four Seasons always is. But, staff was very snobby and needs to treat guests a bit friendlier with less attitude. After all, they are WORKING THERE. No reason to act like they are too good..... Great room. Gorgrous hotel and nice private pool.	
Feb 14 2004	private elegant relaxing	My husband and i have spent several long 3-4 day weekends at the 4 Seasons in vegas ( also others ) but as far as vegas; WE love the privacy! Away from the casinos but easy access, We love the service at the pool !!!. the privacy and security. The service is excellent as is the spa! We did have a room with view, could not get suite at one time but found the room a fairly good size ! Especially for vegas! as your not in your room a lot! Room service which we had for breakfast eveyday was wonderful,and the servers fun and freindly!!! They picked up on whether you wanted to chat or not!! The bath lovely.The conceirge arranged for the limo to pick us up , they were right there with all needs.Also our flight was late and the hotle worked wiht us so we could make our concert, also leaving a cheese and fruit plate for us to snack as we got ready, had our tickets ready ,and a sweet gesture the last trip a anniversary/birthday lefta decadent chocalate plate for us!!! Also all dinner reservations were taken care of as some shipping of items home!! Pamered but not overdone. Pure Class!! We make point of staying there,and other locations! We have stayed at several of the Big luxury hotels in vegas and are happy with the four seasons. Would recommend it to anyone . splurge and feel specail and enjoy the get away from casinos and crowds until you want them!!	
Feb 10 2004	The Best	First time I paid for a room in Vegas in ten years. By far the best treatment received in vegas since the Desert Inn.	
Jan 15 2004	Nice clean too professionalle		
Jan 8 2004	Great details		
Nov 22 2003	The Four Seasons Las Vegas was excellent!		
Oct 29 2003	World Class Service (Five stars)		
Oct 8 2003	Great Experience		
Sep 15 2003	Impeccable Service		
Sep 7 2003	nothing special		
Jun 16 2003	The BEST!		
May 6 2003	Fantastic with family		
Feb 14 2003	First Time Traveler		
Nov 3 2009 	Simplesmente o melhor!		
Oct 14 2009 	de pkm		
Oct 13 2009 	Perfekt		
Sep 3 2009 	Un ottimo hotel		
Jul 9 2009 	?????		
Feb 10 2009 	Très agréable		
Jan 16 2009 	???????		
Aug 22 2008	???????		
Jan 15 2008 	Le meilleur		
