	There are Better Affordable Hotels on the Strip	There is basically no reason to stay at the Las Vegas Hilton when you could enjoy one of the other fantastic options around town. First of all, the hotel is reminiscent of the 1970's, both in decor, patronage, and amenities. Case in point - both Barry Manilow and ABBA have had shows at the Hilton each time I have visited the spot. The rooms have been broken in, with outdated decor, older televisions, dirty tapestries, and more. The crowd is cheesy and older...Be prepared to see some interesting characters in wacky clothing. Lastly, the hotel is located off of the Strip and basically out of the way from all of the action.This is not your typical, upscale Hilton, but a budget Vegas hotel hiding behind a positive brand name. If you are looking for more affordable options, I would suggest checking into the Flamingo, Tropicana, Bally's, or something actually on the Strip. You might have a similar &quot;cheese-factor&quot; (as I like to call it), but at least you will enjoy a nice pool and a better location.	
	Dirty pit...no customer service...Avoid like the Plague!!	Went to a convention at thought it would be good to just stay at host hotel for convenience and Hilton's prior reputation was one of excellence...ugh!Check in a nightmare. The day of the convention knowing how many people were going to check in and were understaffed. I felt like I was at Disney in a line during high season.Room was adequate in size etc. It had a jet tub that I was very excited about. Filled it up with hot water, got in turned on the jets, leaned back and closed my eyes....aaaahhhh....Opened my eyes EEEEWWWW black foamy crap...coming from the jets, I jumped out jumped in the shower and scrubbed..what the heck, someone else's dirt and skin...still feel ick just talking about it!. Went down to the front desk their response to this repulsive event...&quot;hmm...that's odd..is there anything else we can help you with???&quot; What???? NOT Even an apology, let alone compensation or even a free drink....WOW! Buffet was absolutely disgusting...McDonald's could have done better. We actually took the tram to Planet Hollywood as their buffet is awesome..to avoid eating at the hotel. Wouldn't recommend you keep your dog here....	
	Pleasant surprise - better than I had expected	Attended a weekend event at the attached LV Conf Ctr with my daughter so we stayed at the Hilton. I knew going in that it was removed from the Strip, but was pleasantly surprised at the on-site food value (sandwich shop in sports book was really good) as well as the In-and-Out Burger down on Sahara.Let me state that my room experience was greatly influenced by my Hilton Honors status. We received a complimentary upgrade to a Grand Room (600 sq ft) with a couch and mini-fridge that seemed reasonably freshened - more room than we really needed but made for a great, relaxing stay. Another HHonors benefit was the complimentary breakfast buffet for 2 - that saved some major bucks! Valet service was reasonably quick compared to other places I've stayed in Vegas.All in all, I thought it was a nice place to stay and it was nice to be at a non-themed place at a good value.	
	Good Hhonors perks	Stayed at the LVH last week for one night. Booked a rate of $38.xx with the Visa 25% off special, but used my AMEX to pay once we got there. Checked in at the VIP room next to the front desk as I'm an Hhonors Diamond member. No upgrade offered or asked for - what the heck, we were only there for one night. I did have to ask about Diamond amenities and the check in clerk had to go look for a pre-printed sheet. The room was your basic Hilton quality room. Bed was very comfortable. Tub was huge. We had a nice west facing view of the strip from the 20th floor . The glass elevator at the north end of the north tower (closest to the parking deck) was quick with little wait and fun to be able to look out while riding up and down.The spa was very nice, and free for Diamond members. I also used my Diamond card to get the free breakfast buffet. Parking was free and convenient, although the three &quot;15 minute limit&quot; spaces for check in appeared to have long term parkers in them. We enjoyed just walking around the hotel, checking out the restaurants, casino and sports room, although we also went sight seeing at Caesars Palace and that was quite impressive. All in all it was a pleasant experience and well worth the cost.	
	Met our Requirements	We travelled to Las Vegas for a Birthday Bash with our adult children. As my husband is a member of the Hilton Honors we had used points for this holiday. We had requested rooms in the North Tower and adjacent to each other. When we arrived at the hotel there was a quick and pleasant allocation of rooms with a helpful receptionist. Our bags were quickly brought to us with no problems and the rooms were all very adequate for our needs. The only problem we did encounter was a dripping shower (a waste of water!). The rooms were well appointed, the beds very comfortable and kept clean very promptly by the cleaners.The hotel itself is a little tired, but it is one of the oldest. The buffet breakfast was excellent with a vast array of fresh fruit, cooked breakfast and a mountain of cakes and buns. You certainly could eat your fill. We did try the Paradise Cafe on the first night but the food was not that brilliant. We never ate in any of the other restaurants in the hotel preferring to visit the strip and some of the restaurants on Paradise Road. We ate a good chinese in P F Changs down from the hotel and had a very good steak in Ruth Chris Steak House. The casino in the hotel is quite small compared with others and we did find that it was not very loose with the winnings, having better luck in The Mirage and others on the strip.All in all after reading some of the reviews we were quite happy with our stay, but would prefer to stay on the strip as it is more convenient to get around at night. This hotel got very busy during our stay when a convention was on, so it is not prehaps best for the tourist who wants a leisurely time.	
	Good Value for Money - Needs Some Updating	I booked this stay through Hotels.com and found a fabulous rate (note to all the folks who would try to invoke Hilton’s Best Rate Guarantee – this hotel is excluded from the policy). Check in was quick and easy since I am a Hilton Honors member. The person who checked me in gave us a room facing the strip on the 18th floor center tower. The room was large - very large. The amentias in the room were very modern, nice new desk, chairs and dresser which held the large flat screen TV. The bathroom, while clean, has this salmon colored tile on the walls and floors and there was some rust on the tub/shower. The only way to keep the shower from dripping constantly was to put a lot of pressure on the single knob that controlled the water flow. The carpet was atrocious with an orange colored stain in the middle that was so large that I went down to the front desk to let them know it wasn't me. The front desk offered to move us to another room, but it was not that big of a deal. The king bed had plenty of pillows and was comfy. When I finally did decide to get to bed I quickly learned that the water pipes from the other rooms around ours were loud and squeaked harsh tones when someone flushed the toilet or took a shower.In the morning I had the opportunity to use the spa/workout facilities. The workout room had 5 treadmills 2 elliptical and 4 bikes. However 3 of these machines were out of order. There was also a set of weightlifting machines and dumbbells to use. Fresh fruit was available for guests of the Spa for no charge.Food/coffee is expensive on property. My wife paid $6USD for a large coffee in the morning. I opted to walk across the street to the AM/PM mini market for my soda fix.Checkout left a lot to be desired - the front desk person I dealt with was downright rude. While this hotel is not on the strip it’s not a big deal for me. I always rent a car and the money I saved on this hotel basically paid for the rental car. If you don't get a car the monorail stops at the hotel.Overall this was a very good experience. If they did a bit of updating it would have been a great experience.	
Nov 21 2009 	It was fine!	Due to the economy and my good fortune, I was able to grab some rooms for $35 a night and it was a real deal. The place is massive, but the room was quiet and well-appointed. The bed was quality with excellent linen and comfort. It was what one would expect from this major luxury chain. I suppose it didn't have all the bells and whistles of some of the newer finer luxury chains in the area, but for the price I paid...what a deal.The benfit of stepping out of the lobby onto the monorail was nice and convenient. No waiting for expensive taxis to buzz up to the strip. The bus stop for the Deuce (the double-decker public transport) is right out in front of the hotel as well.We did dine at Benihana's one night. It is teribly over-priced, but nice. I should have paid more attention to the fliers they gave me at check-in as there was a voucher for a signifigant discount at the restaurant had I been more attentive.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great rooms.... when you finally get there.	I stayed here on business for two nights in early December. The hotel is situated about a fifteen minute walk from The Strip and a good 25 minutes from what I'd consider the main part of LVB at Harrah's, Belaggio, Imperial and Flamingo etc. However, it's very well connected with the above via the monorail. That said, I find the monorail to be one of the biggest rip-offs this side of the Appalachians. Five bucks from one hotel to another? Pah. Take a cab - it's easier as it's door-to-door (some of the stations are a bit of a treck from their neighbouring hotels - and seldom much more expensive. Plus Vegas cabbies have a good story to tell most of the time. The hotel is set in nicely landscaped grounds giving it a nice sense of space and relaxation away from the bussle of The Strip. The pool area is superb, as is the gym - but you have to pay to use this (yes - you, as a guest, must pay to use the hotel's gym...) The rooms are spacious, well appointed, nicely decorated and offer nice views (albeit of vastly different subjects - ranging from The Strip to the mountains and golf courses). The bathrooms are large and the shower pressure was fantastic. That said, getting the right temperature was a bit of a challenge. Food in the hotel was superb but unless you visit Pizza Hut (north tower, ground floor) or the buffet, this is not a cheap place to eat or drink. The hotel's casino leaves a lot to be desired. Staff in the hotel seemed nice but not overly so. They were professional but most seemed to draw the line there. Infact, in the VIP suite, for most of the staff even a smile was too much to ask for. I found some of the staff in here to be some of the leave personable, least friendly hotel employees I've found anywhere in the world (particularly the older (well, late 40s/50s) asian woman..... - I hope she reads this and cheers up). My major beef with this hotel, though, is the provision of elevators...THERE SIMPLY AREN'T ENOUGHI regularly found myself waiting 10-15 minutes just to get in to an elevator. Then, when I was in there, I waited another 10 minutes to reach my floor as, being on a high floor, I seemed to stop counless times on the way up to let other people out. Four elevators for the whole of the North Tower (I guess close to 1,000 rooms)??? Come on, Hilton. That's poor. I'd absolutely come back to LVH in the future on business (not just because my company books for me to stay there) or on vacation but I'd like to give some other themed hotels a shot first.	
Nov 19 2009 	Typicial Hilton	Off the strip but easy access to monorail. This Hilton is too large to offer their siginature service and the casino is not my favorite but overall a very good hotel.	
Nov 16 2009 	We LOVE The Hilton	We go to vegas as often as our pocketbook allows(shoot for 2-3 times a year) Both my husband and I can't say enough GREAT things about the place!!!!!! From the rooms,food,pool,location, and TERRIFIC STAFF(Tad our casino host, and Linda a.k.a. the frog lady cocktail waitress ) and everyone in between... The Hilton is the ONLY place we will EVER stay. Looking forward to our trip in March to plan my Husbands 60th in August knowing that the Hilton will treat us like royalty as they ALWAYS DO !!!!!!!! Teri Y.	
Nov 13 2009 	Blood on the sheets	There was BLOOD ON THE SHEETS. Hotel seemed to blame us saying that it looked like fresh blood. This was our anniversary!	
Nov 13 2009 	Change the Shower Curtain	The room was in the Central Tower. When I entered the room, there was a mildew smell. I looked at the shower curtain and it was the stinky culprit. It was streaked with mold. I know the economy is rough, but is it so tough that the hotel can't afford to keep fresh shower curtains in the bathrooms? Gross. The sink drained so slowly, that by the time the water was hot, the sink was nearly overflowing. I tried to remove the sink stopper and it pulled up gobs of hair and other grossities. Otherwise, the room was old, but clean.The buffet was good and most of the staff were friendly. The chinese restaurant is overpriced. The cafe is fine, but the staff complain about management and other staff members right within earshot of the customers.The casino is pretty tight, but the player club is pretty good and offers good comps. A cocktail waitress told me that the hotel hired a new CEO who would be starting soon and she hoped for some changes. I hope so too. The LV Hilton needs some changes. I probably won't stay again and I can't really recommend this hotel. There are many much better choices and much better values in town.	
Nov 11 2009 	Good value but off the strip	The Hilton offers excellent value if you don't mind being off the strip. The room are large and have all the usual facilities. The hotel is connected to the strip by monorail but the stops are some way off the actual main strip, therefore you still have a fair walk to reach other hotels such as Bellagio, Mirage, Luxor etc. All in all, a good hotel for the price but you do feel out of it.	
Nov 11 2009 	Hotel needs some modernization	I stayed in this hotel for a couple of nights, my room was next to a lift, so, a bit noisy. Rooms are spacious, big LCD tv, king size bed, bathroom could do with some more light; on my last day there was a problem with the hot water, so, I had to shower ( and the rest of my colleagues on the same floor) with lukewarm water. The buffet breakfast and lunch is good value for money,good selection of hot food,loads of cakes and average selection of starters ( salad, smoked salmon, cheese etc ). The coffee shop in the lobby I found it a bit expensive and also the fast food outlet by the sports gaming area. Nice and spacious pool area ( I wasn't at peak time, so plenty of empty chairs to choose from ). The monorail station is next to the hotel and runs until 2am, if only the single ticket was cheaper than 5$!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	A Servicable Hotel"	Spent 4 nights here, burning up some of my Hilton Honors points. Since this hotel is connected to the conventon center, it really gets a lot of traffic from the trade shows-that's fine-I have stayed here for that purpose. Now, this hotel is getting a little worn around the edges, since it is one of the older ones in LV. We were &quot;up-graded&quot;-for $19/night extra-to the North Tower and one of the better rooms. Well, for one who has stayed at some pretty nice Hiltons in Houston, Minneapolis, LA, etc, this was more like a Holiday Inn level room. Don't expect those kind of nice appointments here in LV. It was clean though, the room and the bathroom. I wasn't impressed to see the overflowing trash cans outside near the garage or in the North Tower 1st floor hallway, however. The &quot;scenic glass elevator&quot; was in bad need of some good window washing. Around 4 to 6 PM, if there is a Trade Show, expect to see lines at the elevators.Lots of food options, and casino is big, lots of choices. They have a great Sunday NFL Party type of thing also. Of course, the location is a little off the way. You really need to use a cab or the over-priced monorail. We found a cab was just as cheap if there are 2 people or more going somewhere on the main Strip.All and all, don't expect Paris, Bellagio or Mirage type settings or rooms, but it works as a reasonable place to stay.	
Nov 5 2009 	Nice value-underrated	I just got back from staying this time at the MGM &amp; Bally's. I decided to write a review of the Las Vegas Hilton from last year as I think the reviews on this site are biased on the negative side. I have stayed at this hotel at least 6 times over the last 10 years. I have also stayed at the Mirage, the Bellagio, the Wynn, the Stratosphere, and Circus Circus. While the location is not the best, the monorail is very convenient. The hotel is not as nice as the Bellagio or the Wynn, but I have always found the rooms to be clean and comfortable. If you are twenty-something, you may find the nightlife better at Planet Hollywood or MGM as these properties tend to have a younger crowd. The music is not blaring loud in the casino, which is a plus to me. As a slot player, the comps here (4 nights comped rooms including weekends) for moderate play are the best on the Strip. The slots are a bit looser too. Perhaps I am not as picky as others, but I have never had a bad stay here. Last time I checked-in my room was not ready &amp; I had to wait an hour at 10pm, but they were apologetic &amp; gave me 2 free buffets (even though my room was comped). I think I only came across one rude employee over the last 10 years. The Paradise Cafe is basic affordable food available 24 hrs which is nice option. The buffet is just average, but fine (Bellagio is my favorite). I thought the room service was good, though not exceptional. I never use hotel pools, so I can't comment. If you can find a nice deal on the price, take the reviews with a grain of salt. Personally, I think this hotel is a great value.	
Nov 5 2009 	Nice big hotel not on The Strip	The Vegas Hilton Hotel is a nice, but unperonal hotel. Rooms are clean and big, we were on the 23rd floor so we had a nice view. The pool is ok. Only drawback is that the hotel isn't on the strip. The monorail is quiet expensive, you are better of taking a cab. Next time in Vegas I would pay a bit more to stay in a hotel on the strip.	
Nov 5 2009 	No good reason to stay at this hotel again	Moved 3 different rooms...all 3 rooms were noisy, from the elevators as explained by registration. The beds were all old and inclines towards the pillow side. The restaurants were all over-priced...even the snack bar with counter services offers a $5.00 hamburger with a patty that have no meat texture. $25 to use the outdoor tennis courts. In these economic times, you can easily find better hotel, entertainment, and food values at most hotels on the strip or downtown. I think this hotel survives by ripping off conventioners. Pais Hilton wouldn't be caught dead or naked in this boring, tired and overpriced dump.	
Nov 4 2009 	An Excellent Value	This was my second time staying at Las Vegas Hilton, the first time being back in 2005. In return for a reasonably priced stay off the strip, at LVH you get a clean room in excellent condition in a well maintained hotel. The cafe is good, it has a place for coffee, a couple of casual places to eat an an essentials shop that keeps late hours which is a good thing. It doesn't really have any major attractions, and isn't going to keep you busy and walking around looking at shops like many of the hotels on the strip, but it's a good place to stay if you'd rather spend your money on gambling than you would a room on the strip. The casino is significantly improved compared to what it was back in 2005. It's larger, has more table games and more slots to play than it did. In 2005, they were remodeling when I was there, and it was nice to see they did a good job. Service-wise, everyone I encountered was courteous and friendly, and that is a welcomed change in light of the bad experiences with customer service I've encountered at Atlantic City lately.The only potential down side I can see was the parking situation. The parking lot and garage is quite a hike from the hotel rooms, so if you rent a car be prepared to do some extra walking in addition to the walking you'll do around other places. Overall I'd say that if you're looking for a reasonably priced, decent hotel to rest your head in between seeing all the sites and places Vegas and the vacinity has to offer, then Las Vegas Hilton is a bargain and well worth the stay. If you're looking for one place in Vegas to stay, play and spend all your time in, then it's not the place for you as you'd be better off at a place on the strip such as MGM Grand or Mirage, where you can do all your gambling shopping and dining in one place.	
Nov 4 2009 	GOOD LOCATION.....	Our rooms were not well cleaned during our stay. Hairs left from a previous guest were still on the bathroom floor when we arrived..and were not cleaned out at all. Bath not cleaned during our stay. Beds not made properly..just the top cover pulled up whilst the undersheets were left totally crumpled .The food in Paradise Cafe was lovely...but the snacks and drinks from the lobby bar were utterly tasteless.The hairdressing salon was outrageously priced and having to pay to use the internet was disgraceful....I've never had to pay before in any other country, not even Peru.Very disappointed as our first visit a few years ago was great.	
Nov 3 2009 	Get an "upgraded room" for a decent room	After checking in I was promised an &quot;upgraded room&quot; due to my HiltonHonor Gold status. When I got to the room, it looked pretty &quot;standard&quot; to me. I thought I'd grin and bear it b/c I here on business and don't spend much time in the room. There were a few things about the room that were just too much to take, so I went downstairs and complained that the &quot;upgraded room&quot; wasn't as described...somebody screwed up b/c I was in a standard room. They moved me and now I'm much happier. The standard room was very tired and dirtly. As you will see in the pictures, there were remnant of previous guests' food and used tissue...pretty gross. You will also see the the upgraded room images, which are nicer and more civilized. Not bad, but the big flat screen tv is totally useless because they don't have HD so everybody looks fat.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good value but don't expect anything from the concierge!	The valet and housekeeping provided good service. The c oncierge was almost worthless. It could have been a little cleaner (don't look behind the furniture!), but immediate view was clean. Overall, our stay there was good. The hotel is about 3 blocks off the strip.	
Oct 26 2009 	Had A Great Experience Here!	I have to say that I was a little hesitant to stay here because it is off of the strip and an older hotel...but with the monarail it an easy and quick commute to strip hotels and shops. I actually really enjoyed this hotel. Not quite as loud as strip hotels in the evenings, buffet was excellent, and room service was nicely presented and delicious. The gaming tables were easy access for most of the time. The Hilton also offers free gaming lessons, which I took advantage of and enjoyed. If there has to be a negative, I would say that the casino is a little smokier than I would like. I've stayed in other strip hotels and will choose the Hilton again. Overall, this is a excellent choice	
Oct 26 2009 	Misleading	1. Reserved a Nonsmoking room and confirmed on check in that did indeed want non-smoking as I have difficulty breathing around smoke due to asthma. Given key for &quot;nonsmoking&quot; room only to exit the elevator to have to hold breath as was very smokey in hall. In the room was an ashtray and matches. Upon calling the front desk, was informed that they did not have any truly non-smoking rooms, so we were given a &quot;smoking optional room&quot; as &quot;they usually don't smoke in there anyway.&quot; (Was able to downgrade to a smaller room that was on an entirely nonsmoking the next day.)2. Someone used a key to open the door without authorization or reason (when latched) during the night while we were in our room resting. The Hotel said they have no way of tracking who entered the room. (The latch over the door prevented it from opening fully.)3. To access the AMAZING, DELICIOUS restaurants, you must walk through very smokey casinos and have no way of getting there without going through smoke, which caused me to have an asthma attack trying to leave the Buffet. 4. Little to no soundproofing/insulation between rooms as could hear EVERYTHING (including basic conversations from those in nearby rooms as well as other sounds).5. The downgrade room (grateful yes that it was nonsmoking) had the shower smaller -- lower ceiling and shower head causing someone 5'8&quot; to have to duck. I'm surprised they are not made to at least accommodate someone 6'0&quot;.6. Overall, HIGHLY recommend the resaurants as they are some of the best foods I have ever eaten. If you smoke or enjoy being around it, you would love this hotel. I simply was unable to fully enjoy it as prefer breathing.	
Oct 25 2009 	Average	For my first trip to Las Vegas, I had hoped that I would be able to experience the luxury that I have heard about. Unfortunately, I did not have a very positive experience at the Las Vegas Hilton.I was booked into one of the older rooms in the hotel. It is a shame that not all rooms are updated - as my room didn't seem to have been modified much since the hotel was built. I tried to upgrade to a newer room, but was not successful. While the room was clean and large, it was extremely dated. The bathroom was pink, and the toilet and shower had seen better days. They were clean, but very worn. The shower head bracket was not securely attached to the wall, and the vents seemed broken in the bathroom. The room iteself was quite large and the bedding was new.As I was traveling for work, I was disappointed to see that not only was internet $14, but the fitness center was $20. This is after I realized my room rate was approximately $50 higher than the specials that were running that week. This hotel is attached to the Las Vegas Convention center and it seems that much of their business is for the convention center. If so, this hotel certainly does not cater to the business traveler. I can understand that these charges may be standard in Las Vegas. However, for a hotel which is not on the strip and needs to be a destination for many visitors, it seems that the amenities are not up to par.	
Oct 25 2009	Enjoyed the stay at the LV Hiltonjust wish it was on the Strip!	Stayed at this luxurious hotel for the nights of October 14th and 15th with checkout on October 16,2009. I was there finishing up a Trafalgar bus tour,and this was the last stop on the tour entitled Best of the Canyonlands,which originated in Denver,Colorado.We checked in about 4:30pm,and we were on the 13th floor- didn't know that hotels use this number,I think a lot of hotels skip #13,but it wasn't unlucky for us......I had a nice room,but an adjoining door in room next door allowed me to hear telephone calls that I didn't really wish to hear...........There was no free internet in the lobby which was a disappointment,as most hotels we travelled to now seem to offer this service.I liked the room very much,and the Crabtree &amp; Evelyn bath supplies were lovely. We had 2 buffet breakfasts included and they were the best brekkies on our whole 11 day trip. For breakfast,you could have steak,pork chops,fresh fruit,grits,you name it, I couldn't have been more pleased with this buffet.Overall,the days at the LV Hilton were great. I just wish this hotel was closer to the strip as we didn't have a car.Took the convenient monorail once (through the StarTrek Casino to enter it),but next day I travelled on the bus.And,this meant a walk through the Riviera hotel and crossing the street to Circus Circus to get the strip bus.Next time,I might just stay at Circus Circus and be closer to the bus........But,I have to say ,the LV Hilton is really a very nice spots,and I give it 2 thumbs up!	
Oct 25 2009 	Steady Performer	I stayed here for 1 night (Thursday), as a walk-in with no reservation. Check-in was fairly quick (a short line) and efficient. For $50 I got a Central Tower corner 27th floor mini-suite. It was a very large room and I greatly enjoyed my stay.But all was not perfect. The windows of the room had many handprints on the inside. A beer bottle someone left in the elevator was there for several hours. I ate at the buffet for dinner, and while the seafood was very good, all the rest was mediocre. The gambling options are quite varied, good odds and nice selection (I still lost...) The people watching is not nearly as good as at Caesar's.But all in all a good value, met expectations.	
Oct 19 2009 	Very smoky casino. Fork left on lobby table was there for over 7 hrs.	Stayed here for 5 days. My first tip should have been the 10 minute wait for an elevator in the north tower. The glass in the scenic elevator was filthy so the view wasn't enjoyable. The tub enamel was chipped all over also. The people who work in the Hilton are very nice and I enjoyed the dinner at the Italian hotel. Our waiter were exceptional and the food was fantastic. The hotel is very dated. If I had a choice I would not stay here again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Hotel OK but experienced some customer service issues.	I stayed here with a co-worker in June, 2009 for a conference for 5 nights. We got a conference rate of $69 a night for one of the &quot;renovated&quot; rooms, which was a good value. We arrived at about 10:00 in the evening, and since I am a Hilton Honors member, we got to go to the Honors check in line. We waited about 10 minutes, which by Las Vegas standards, is not bad at all. The front desk person was friendly and efficient.I have no complaints about our room. It was clean and updated as promised. Large flat screen TV, marble accented bathroom and comfortable beds. I had read ahead of time that there was no in-room coffee maker (pretty common at large Vegas properties), so I brought my own. We had a view of the golf course. For the rate we paid, I wasn't expecting a strip view. No major noise issues.For people looking for a hotel in the &quot;middle of the action&quot;, this is probably not the place for you. But if you're looking for a quieter off-strip location with easy access to the strip (via the monorail) the Hilton is a good bet. Some people say the casino was &quot;boring&quot;, but I actually enjoyed the fact that it was not overly crowded and you could usually play whatever you wanted to play. We did pretty well on the Star Trek machines (so well that they actually broke down on us, twice!) but the slot tech working that night was very friendly and patient.  If you want to go downtown from the Hilton, I recommend taking a cab. Getting there wasn't too bad...we walked down to the Sahara bus stop and took the city bus to Freemont street without many issues. Be warned that the Deuce (double decker bus that runs between the strip and downtown) does NOT go by the Hilton. To catch &quot;our&quot; bus back, we found out we had to walk to the downtown bus terminal, which at 1:00 in the morning was quite scary for two females! Lunch choices were limited as we didn't have enough time to leave the Hilton during the conference. There's an &quot;express&quot; pizza hut, a deli near the pool and the sandwich shop by sports book (actually pretty good and reasonably priced.) We avoided the paradise cafe due to other reviews. We had the buffet one evening (so-so) but were usually out and about at dinnertime. Didn't do any of the &quot;high end&quot; on site dinner restaurants, so can't comment.The pool deck was nice, plenty of places to lounge. They have a half priced happy hour which we took advantage of once. The pool itself was a little smaller than it looked in the pictures, but still a nice place to relax.So why only the 3 star rating?Costumer service issue #1: 5:00 in the morning on our first night our phone rings. Neither of us answered it thinking it must have been a wrong number (anyone who wanted to reach us would have called our cell phones). But the light is blinking and there's a message from security. Apparently the previous occupant had left his cell phone charger in our room. REALLY??? You're going to call me at 5:00 in the morning because someone ELSE forgot their stuff in my room? This is MY problem now? Don't get me wrong, I am not opposed to helping someone else out, but I'm pretty sure the charger would have still been there a few hours later at a decent time of day! We couldn't even find it at first (wasted about 10 minutes of OUR time looking for it), but finally did. Called back and told them we would leave it out with a note on it as we had to get going. Came back to the room and it was still there. Another day goes by and it's still there. Finally my co-worker brings it down to the front desk (she is a better person than I am). I let them know I was not happy about being woken up at 5:00 in the morning over a lost cell phone charger. She said &quot;well, the customer really needed itl.&quot; Apparently that's why it was left in our room for 2 more days? She was nice enough, but we really weren't offered an apology or &quot;freebies&quot; for our inconveneience.Customer service issue #2: Without going into all the boring details, I got the runaround by both this hotel and Hilton corporate when I needed to obtain a copy of my bill for work. Usually I can access it on my HHonors account online, but it wasn't there and neither were my honors points for that stay (I was told I would get them even though it was a conference rate when I initally called to book the room.) Eventually it got straightened out, but I talked to at LEAST 6 different people and wasted several hours of my time at work.Assuming these were isolated incidents, I would probably recommend this hotel to someone else, assuming they were OK with the location.	
Oct 19 2009 	Lack of airconditioning in the East Tower	This is the second time we've stayed here and the rooms in the East Tower, although updated, lack air conditioning. The fan is adjustable from high/low only and the hallway is much cooler than the room itself. To get our room cooled, I had to leave my door open. At night, I had to shut the 'air' off because the fan was very loud. Fortunately, it was only in the 80's or I would have demanded a move. (Picture of the thermostat is attached.)The East tower is a long distance from anything else, and only discovered on our last day that it had it's own remote parking lot. We were happy with our first stay here, but not the second time around. I would have paid more $$ to stay elsewhere. I would recommend this hotel to others for a good cheap stay, but will not be staying here again, even with my HH Honors points.	
Oct 13 2009 	Not if you don't have to	I stayed here for 5 nights for a conference. Check-in was relatively smooth. The room was fine. The bathroom was old and worn, as was the carpet and furnishings. I find it hard to judge cleanliness when something is old, tired, and worn. The hotel is a great distance from anything else. This is difficult if you are here for a conference. You are held captive for coffee, breakfast, and lunch. Coffee in your room? That will be $40 for the week. I opted not to do that and stood in line for 30 minutes each morning for a $3.75 cup of mediocre coffee. Mind you, the hotel was filled for the conference. Lunch choices were very scarce. A general restaurant and Benihana were all that we found. Sat at your conference all day? Like some exercise? Be cautious when walking around the Hilton (or so the doorman will tell you). You can walk approximately 3/4 mile to the nearest 'store' - a drug store. ...or, you can pay $75 to use the fitness center. This was as disappointing as the coffee pot! The much advertised happy hour at the pool was interesting. It didn't appear all that busy, there were two bartenders, two waitresses; yet, it took nearly 35 minutes in line or 2 beers - Fosters on tap for $3 ro $4. I would never stay here if I were paying my own way. conference rate with tax was about $115. Save your money and stay on the strip!	
Oct 12 2009 	An excellent value for your dollar	While I am not big on luxurious hotels, while my seven-year-old only cares that there is a pool and other children present, and while my spouse is even less picky than we are, we all found the LV Hilton to be excellent in every respect. One block off the Strip, it was conveniently located, and the level of quality was consistent throughout the property. Parking was easy each and every time, including those times where parking was scarce. The pool was excellent (although catching the cocktail waitress' attention is tough, at times). The restaurants, although different from one another in ambiance, were so consistent in their high quality, that we suspect they shared a kitchen or bakery with one another. Room service, which is not something we indulge in usually, was so excellent, that we settled into a routine of ending the afternoon at the pool, ordering room service while we shower, and ending the night on a quiet note without having to go out to dinner. The room was spacious, clean, and housekeeping was thorough and...consistent.	
Oct 11 2009 	Loved this Hotel!	I traveled with my husband to Las Vegas. He was there for a Tradeshow and I was there for pleasure. I had heard this was a Convention Hotel so I was expecting it to just be so-so. I was pleasantly surprised by everything - our room was fabulous, the bath was huge, the bed and bedding was super comfy, the pool was great as was the Spa, Restaurants were delicious, the Coffee Shop served great coffee, later at night, it turned into a Wine Bar with nightly tastings, etc...	
Oct 10 2009 	wonderful stay	fwe checked in on sept. 26th for 3 nights and we were in one of the newer rooms and i was very happy with our room. the bed and pillows were very comfortable, nice bathroom and we had an empty refrigerator so we stocked it up with bottled waterthat we bought at walmart on our way to the hotel. thank god cause it was extremely hot there. we had tickets for 2 buffets so we had to pay for 2 but the food was well worth the price. i guess it is what you want in a hotel but i recommend this hotel. it is away from the strip but it is peaceful and you take the monorail in. only negative is it is expensive riding it round trip. the hotel should offer a discount since or shuttle service since they are not within walking distance.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel; not so great casino	This is the third time that I stayed at the LV Hilton. THe rooms are very nice, especially the rooms in the North Tower. Try to stay there if you can. The rooms are large, very comfortble beds, nice bathrooms and relatvely quiet (for Vegas). You can get the monorail right at the hotel so it is easy to get around the rest of the city. THe cafe has decent food with a terrific turkey platter that is very inexpensive. The one area that needs improvement is the casino. I have always won some money playing slots at every casino i have ever played (east and west coast). NOT at the Hilton. As I looked around, no one was winning and folks were moving from one chair to the next. The smoking is heavy, the wiatresses look bored and you just lose your hard earned money. Stay here but don't play here.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Las Vegas Hilton does it again!	This was our 4th time staying at the Las Vegas Hilton and once again, we were impressed. Everything from check-in to check-out was wonderful. The hotel staff were very friendly and courtious at all times. The rooms were clean and roomy. For the price - you can't beat the Hilton! We will be back next year!	
Oct 8 2009 	Different room than promised	We were disappointed to be given a standard room after reserving and paying for a Superior Strip View room . Our room was not available the first night. We were able to move rooms the second night. Only after I spoke with the Manager and requested the difference in price was an adjustment made for the additional money that we paid for the superior room.However, we have stayed at this hotel many times and this was the first negative experience. We like the convenient parking.	
Oct 8 2009 	nice hotel-decent location good value	overall this hotel had good service, standard rooms, and a reasonable buffet. we got a value deal for our stay including several buffets. the buffets had pretty good variety of food options. For me the main inconvinience was that this hotel is about 1 mile offf the Las Vegas Strip. Although with monorail or rent-a-car it was easy to go to and from the strip. The pool/jacuzzi are nice as well and not super crowded. If you're looking to save some money and don't mind an off strip hotel, I would recommend the Hilton.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Deal Especially If You're On A Budget	We decided to take a last minute trip to Vegas for the weekend of Sept 18. Little did we know that it was a fight weekend and hotels on the strip were ridiculously expensive(especially in this economy). Although I was hesitant about staying off the strip, with a AAA discount we would be getting the room for $65/night and it seemed like a deal we did not want to pass up. Since we were going with another couple we booked two of the &quot;updated rooms&quot; for Friday and Saturday (and stayed at Treasure Island on Thursday). I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised with the rooms. Because so many reviews on here were bad I was not expecting much. The rooms were clean, with new furnishings and they looked modern. So yea, the bathtub was chipped, whats the big deal?! I dont understand why people complain so much on these reviews; people really just need to relax. I felt that for $65, it would really have to be pretty terrible for me to complain. I have stayed at plenty of &quot;higher class&quot; hotels on the strip including Mirage, THEhotel and the Venetian. I think that when you book a room at the Hilton you have to keep in mind that you are not going to get the luxury of those types of hotels; nonetheless we were all satisfied with our stay. Yes, we did have a couple problems checking in (wrong beds, then rooms in two diff. floors) and it seems they overcharged the credit card, but despite those minor fixable errors I cant really complain. Most of the staff was very kind, except for the staff at the Paradise Cafe who tried to ignore us so they wouldnt have to take our to-go order (it was 20 mins before closing of the restaurant). When we called to inform management of the problem, they apologized and gave us credit to eat at another 24hr spot in the restaurant..Although I do find it more convenient to stay on the strip since we do enjoy taking advantage of some of the nightlife, the benefit of staying at the Hilton is that you can avoid the Las Vegas Blvd. congestion by taking the back road the hotel is on. We found this to be very convenient, and having driven to las vegas, did not mind the small amount of extra driving we did. If you are on a budget (like we were this time around) or if you simply dont think its worth it to pay the extra money for bigger hotels on the strip then I would really recommend the Hilton. It isnt as far off the strip as some people make it out to be.	
Oct 7 2009 	Hit and miss on North Strip	The North Strip of Vegas seems to be getting rougher all the time and a good experience even harder to find. The Hilton, especially after closing down its popular Star Trek attraction, has definitely seen better days. The beds are about the only really good thing I can say about this place, other than the Italian restaurant and the Benihana. Service was practically nonexistent. Check in lines were very long and over an hour wait. Bellman service was poor and unorganized. The food at Paradise Cafe should be avoided. I ordered a taco salad with shredded beef and when it arrived the beef was undercooked. I sent it back and asked for a meatless salad. The waitress was indifferent about it, and actually tried to convince me that the chef said that what I was looking at was a tomato. I mean really! At breakfast another time, we waited nearly 30 minutes for our order to be taken when there were less than 20 people in the place. I had to get up from my seat to go find someone. In another instance, a manager chided an employee within earshot of us. Very unprofessional. The Mexican restaurant has been closed permanently but it doesn't tell you that anywhere. The information books inside the hotel have not been updated since they closed the Star Trek attraction, and Quark's Bar is still listed as an eatery. The ladies in the sundry shop were really friendly to us as we were in there nearly every day to buy something. Internet service is $15 a day for each computer. A real ripoff. But the kicker for me was when we left the Hilton to go to another hotel, I realized I had left my cell phone charger in the room. I called. Got the runaround from security and housekeeping. But no offer to take my number and call me should they find it. So somebody there has gotten a new cell phone charger out of the deal. I will never stay at this hotel again. Not for the price they charged, over $100 a night. I'd rather stay at the Motel 6.	
Oct 5 2009 	Not Hilton Quality!! Beware of Classic Rooms	Today is my final day here at The Hilton and I read the reviews prior to arrival and contacted the front desk supervisor Cynthia and was told that the hotel was just renovated and the bad reviews were based on disgruntaled guests. I got the hotel off priceline.com at a 4 star level and I had hoped the reviews were not true. Im not sure if it was just the Classic Rooms they offer that were junk but I took pictures and videos of my time at the Classic Room Level. When I arrived at Check in once again I spoke to a front desk manager and she told me that she had no complaints today about any of the rooms and for me to check it out. We went to our room and the curtains were not connected above and the windows on the outside were extremely dirty. I walk in the bathroom and the vanity light was out and only one light was working, and the bathtub was running a stream of consitent water and wouldnt shut off completely. I used my finger to check the cleasiness of the Tub and it was very white chalky on my finger and rough substance. It look like chalk of somesort, The towels were way below Hilton Standard they are old and very rough not even your oldest towels at home are this bad!! You have a flat screen TV in your room and that was very grainy not just a little bit but more so than a regular TV set from before these were invented or used with an Antenna. I reported my findings and the front desk lady diddnt seem happy that I was complaining but from a frequent Hilton Guest this is the worst Hilton I have ever stayed ever! The stay felt like I was in a room in the motel 6 with new tile and oh I forgot the bed and let me tell you this was the worst it had like a sand grain and only 2 small pillows. The bed in this room in the Central Tower room 2248 was so hard they put on a cotton bedding under the sheet but it felt as though I was on just the boxspring not even a mattress. I complained again to another front desk manager about all my findings and showed them the video on my phone and photos and I was given a free buffett for 2 in their restaurant what a compensation. Well after awhile I went downstairs again to complain and spoke to a manager named David and he offered a room change but not until the following day. When I went downstairs again the next morning for the room change the front desk clerk said to me she was going to upgrade me at no charge because she diddnt want me to complain again and keep switiching rooms and she had an attitude about it. The room I was switched to was on the North Tower room 23108 this room was what I am used to from the hilton the bed was a comfortable and thick mattress without the boxspring feel to it. In the upgraded room the TV still had poor quality for a flat screen LG Television but there was a water crack in the top of the celing. So If I was you choose another hotel for this one was the pitts unless your going to pay for upgraded rooms at a much higher price when you can get another hotel for the less price and better quality. I did stay at the Motel 6 once in Vegas over by the MGM and let me tell you it was better than this Hilton since this lacked the Hilton Quality Towels, Bed, TVs and Guest Services. I can guarantee you that I will never ever, ever reccomend this hotel to anyone but stay at your own risk, I could of and or should of stayed at the Embassy Suites for $99 a night with free cooked to order breakfast and a living room and seperate bedroom and been much happier so please trust me that this hotel is no where near 4 star level or what you would come to expect from the Hilton Name. I would hope the Hilton Family would never stay here and at 40 years old this hotel needs to be condemned and rebuilt its about that time since the renovations havent improved the quality to reach a 4 star level.	
Oct 4 2009 	Despite the some of the reviews we had the time of our lives at the Hilton!!	I had booked the Las Vegas Hilton through my travel agent as the place we would stay when we got married in Las Vegas. After reading some of the reviews I was so worried about our stay. I was wrong to even give it a second thought! The Hilton was amazing, we arrived there after travelling from Heathrow with a long layover in Chicago and the lady who checked us in was quick, polite and had us in our room less then ten minutes after arriving at the Hiltom. The room we had in the centre tower was the most fabulous room I have ever stayed in and I have been to the USA many times. It had a great strip view, king size bed, walk in wardrobe, 40 inch Flatscreen. Amazing!Some people moan it's of the strip! So what? Be grateful you can get away, the strip is amazing but so full on ( we were there labor day weekend I have never seen so many people in my life it was intimidating). Use the monorail it is fantastic, I have heard people moan that it drops you at the back of the casino but it is so handy, use Harrahs stop it is a great stop for all the best restaurants and casinos. Oh and by the way the Hilton stop is the most convenient it is only a short walk from the hotel lobby.All in all I feel silly I worried, I contemplated paying for an upgrade but what a waste of money that would have been when we had already paid for a fabulous room.	
Oct 4 2009 	Nice Stay but watch out for the Paradise Cafe	The Hilton looks a bit tired compared with some of the other hotels we saw, but the room was great, with a brilliant view.We used the Paradise Cafe twice for breakfast. The first time it was fine, the second we waited 45 minutes for two undercooked eggs and a piece of ham. Should have used the buffet in the book.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent Stay	I stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton my room was in the north tower, they were very nice and large rooms. I was visiting for a conference and found it nice to be right next to the Conference Center.I purchased a 3 day monorail pass for $30 it was well worth it in the end considering our conference was in the south on the center end and we would take the monorail each evening to hit the strip. The hotel itself had great resturant options, large casino and lots of shopping. Was very pleased with all except for the Paradise Cafe, slow service with many mistakes. I did find a little time to relax by the pool, very nice, large and clean. They had a great 2 for 1 happy hour.I would suggest this hotel if you are visiting Las Vegas for a conference or any other reason, yes it is 1 long block off the strip but we never felt far from anything.	
Sep 28 2009 	Phantom Rooms	I reserved 3 rooms for one night and 2 rooms for the second night for my son's bachelor party. Paid an upfront deposit for one night for each room with a no cancellation policy for first night. With AAA discount it came to $55.00 per room per night which is almost to good to be true for a Sept weekend. Check in on Friday took 20 to 30 minute from time we got to desk. The computer froze so had to switch stations. Then somehow my deposit got applied to the one room we were using for only one nt so I guess I got a credit back on card -- we will see!. Things went downhill from thereon. When we tried to make charges to the rooms we were told our rooms were &quot;unoccupied&quot; and we could not do that -- I had given my mastercard at front desk so I went back down and they said everything was cool. Room service came &quot;cash only&quot;. Finally on last evening made restaurant call front desk and was able to charge to room. We had no cleaning and no new towels the last 2 days in one room and the last day in other room even though houskeeping was called several times. One room ran out of TP.. Never got any more. The cable went out for several hours Sunday afternoon. Internet was slow and $14.00 per day per computer - not room. Comps were a Catch 22 situation which I will not get into suffice to say we were unable to use the small amt we got cause we were inadvertently cheked out on one of my trips to front desk. Right before we left we looked outside and discovered a water main had broken that morning--wonder what the folks who were staying had in store for rest of day! I am a Hilton Honors member and this was an amazingly bad experience. They are usually great. Only good thing I can say is race and sports book people were nice and professional. Book does get crowded on weekends.	
Sep 23 2009 	Better than expected	I read several reviews on the Las Vegas Hilton that we're not favorable so I was a bit concerned about what i might experience while staying here. Overall I've had great luck with the Hilton Brand so due to proximity to our conference I decided it was the best bet for my Las Vegas visit, which was primarily business oriented.Check in only took about 5-10 minutes. There were a few people in line ahead of me. The clerk was friendly and offerred me options on where i could stay within the hotel. I selected one of their &quot;renovated&quot; rooms with 2 double beds.The room was nice, modern, comfortable and clean with a great work space and wonderful view of Las Vegas. The only thing i might gripe about was my inability to stop the TV from displaying the closed captions. Other than that i have not complaints.I spent quite a bit of time in the pool area which was very comfortable. They hand out fantastic pool towels and there were plenty of chairs available. One of my favorite areas of the pool was the outdoor excercise area. It wasn't large or well equipt but enough.The spa on the other hand was very laid out with everything you could offer. The Spa staff were friendly and helpful.This hotel is on the tram so you can ride it to different casinos. Its not a very conveniently located hotel for walking but there are always plenty of cabs available.I recommend this hotel for sure. One of the few things i can complain about is the lack of places to eat mid day. There was not place for lunch. Everything was closed until dinner time. I was on eastern time zone and often hungry during the day and there were not many options.	
Sep 21 2009 	Would you like a roach with your lousy service?	I recently took my mother to Las Vegas in honor of her 77th birthday. We flew to Las Vegas via American Airlines to/from DFW. No complaints there. On time with the usual cramped quarters.We took the Gray Line shuttle from the LAS airport to our hotel. Again, no complaints. At $11 roundtrip per person, this deal couldn’t be beat. Gray Line was prompt, courteous and professional on both ends of our journey.While in Las Vegas, we stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton. Arrival and check-in was quick and efficient with no issues or delays. Our non-smoking room, #1573, with two queen sized beds, was very well appointed and remarkably large. The bedding was crisp and very comfortable.On the downside, the air filter – which couldn’t be missed when you walked in the room – looked as if it had not been changed since Elvis last performed there in 1976. The A/C fan was very loud as well. Other than a few cracks in the drywall above the shower, everything else appeared to be order.My mother and I found the food at the on site café – Paradise Café, located on the first floor – to be decent, if not a bit expensive for the basics. Toast, bagel, coffee for two and one OJ cost $20. Cereal the next day – along with two coffees and one small OJ – ran just a bit higher the next day. Service was hit or miss in that one waitress was hell bent on getting us (and herself) in and out of there just as soon as possible. The look on her face told it all when I asked for ‘one more minute’ for my mom to decide. We won’t soon forget that scowl.On to the very disappointing customer service experiences…. During our second visit for breakfast at the Paradise Café, my mother pointed out that there was a large bug crawling on me, so I look to my side and what do I find, but a rather large cockroach scampering across my left shoulder. I knock the roach off with my napkin and it proceeded to scamper under our booth. Thereafter, I nonchalantly walk over to the maître d’ to inform her of the experience. After discretely describing the experience, the maître d’ replied with “My oh my, that’s absolutely terrible! How gross! Ick! They (roaches) have been showing up more and more so we definitely need to get a new exterminator.” Much to my surprise, she then dismissed me as a couple walked up to be seated. Thereafter, the maître d’ walked by our booth many times during the course of her business but never stopped.As for checkout on Saturday, I called from our room well in advance of the posted noon checkout to request a checkout extension of one hour. Much to my surprise, I was told, “sorry, we can’t do that.” Although the Hilton has over 3,100 rooms, our room was needed immediately. Mindful, it was NOT even a conference/event weekend. Thereafter, I went downstairs to speak to the front desk in-person. “Oh, no problem whatsoever. You are all taken care of with a 1:00pm checkout.” That wasted time could have easily been avoided. Given these experiences, I would NOT recommend the Las Vegas Hilton, that is, unless you like inconsistent customer service and cleanliness.	
Sep 20 2009 	NICE BUT ...	This was a one night stopover in Vegas. Lovely lobby, but long wait to check in. Very pleasant check in agent who gave us a free &quot;upgrade&quot; to deluxe room. The room had mold in the bathroom and dust all over the bed and computer desk. Was moved to another deluxe room one floor up and this was good and free internet was included with this room. The next day just before check out we had no water to take a bath, so was given a choice of a shower at the spa or another rooom. We opted for another room and was given a room on the 6th floor in the &quot;old&quot; wing. Glad that was not our original room.Overall a nice palce to stay, but mold in the bathroom and the dirty room was just unacceptable.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great value - clean comfortable and quiet	I found this fantastic value. I chose a standard room with king size bed and strip view. The room was spacious, great 40in LCD screen and good aircon and a room safe. The bed was very comfortable and the strip view was about the best you could get from the Hilton's location which is approx 400m from the strip itself and at the Riviera end of the strip... not far from the Stratosphere. In fact the rear entrance to the Riviera is about a 5min walk from the Hilton. I would have preferred an in-room refridgerator as it was a fair hike to the ice machine but other than that I was more than happy with the room. Getting to and from the strip was easy using the monorail system although there are only a few stops so obviously you end up walking if you have other places to that are not on the line... particularly everything on the other side of the strip and all the casinos in the vicinity of Mandalay Bay. That didn't concern me as I am fit and able bodied but I did think t could be a problem for others particularly in the 108F September heat.Another feature I liked was the spa / fitness centre... this was free to Hiltons Honors Rewards Club members.... if you booked your stay directly with the hotel... the only dissapointing comment I will make was that I thought in-room wireless internet access was expensive at $14 per 24hrs.... but that's just me. Over all good job LVH!!	
Sep 14 2009 	So Much Better for A Lot Less Money...like a Super8!	My wife and I went to Las Vegas on August 18-22nd. We booked a hotel in advance with the intention of staying for three days. Our first hotel was great (Mirage). We decided to stay an extra night and booked our last night at the Hilton. It was advertised as a 4-star hotel just off the strip. Since we had a car, location wasn't a huge worry so we figured the big-name Hilton would be a good place to stay. We paid $50, which was actually quite good given the short notice and supposed 4-star rating. Our check-in was actually quite good, given the reviews on here. The front desk was friendly, courteous, and quickly got us into our room. The hotel casino had a futuristic design, mimicking something like a space ship. It seemed childish to me and lacked the originality of other Vegas themes. Our hotel room was another story. There is no free internet. I think it's about $15. I can't stand hotels that charge for such a basic feature. Even though I was on vacation, I needed to do some work and keep in touch with my office. The bathroom is ridiculously small and relatively outdated. The sink is outside of the bathroom. There was no free coffee maker (of course, they do have a coffee shop downstairs that charges $5+ for a specialty coffee, conveniently). The beds were some of the worst I'd ever seen - they were padded with so many sheets to make up for the lack of mattress support that we sunk into them when we slept. The hotel itself is in a horrible location. Too far from anything (other than the seedy areas right off the strip) and the self-parking lot is a LONG way from the hotel. We were lugging our bags a long way to get to and from the vehicle. The hotel lacked any attractions that other hotels have. There were very few things to do or see, other than the Barry Manilow concert (which we did not see). The casino was a good size and the dealers were friendly. Overall, a poor stay for a hotel that is obviously not even close to 4-star. My expectations are relatively reasonable and even i wouldn't stay here again. I've had better experiences at lower-end hotels. One place that I particularly liked was &quot;The Orleans&quot; hotel, which was far cheaper and a better overall experience...That should give you an idea of what I can find reasonable. Book early and get a good hotel. We paid $50/night at the Mirage and it was a LOT better than the Hilton.	
Sep 10 2009 	Should lose the Hilton name	This was one of the worst Hilton experiences that I've had. The hotel barely acknowledges Hilton Diamond status. Room quality is all over the board from broom closet to pimp suite. Food quality is poor and many of the dining venues were closed DURING A CONVENTION which made getting food a challenge. It is located well off of the strip so there is nothing to do right around the hotel. I don't plan on staying here again.	
Sep 9 2009 	Decent and get what you pay for easy access if driving	Stayed at this hotel on a business trip. If you are going to Vegas to party and get the full experience, go stay at a Strip hotel. I was on a business trip and wanted to accumulate the Hilton Honors points. Make sure you get a renovated room. Monorail access is nice but a little pricey. I didnt get any benefit at all for my Silver status, guess I have to work my way back to gold or platinum. There was alot of noise in the lobby due to remodel. Room was ok, beds were comfy, but bath tub was a little worn and dirty. Best part for me was the easy access in and out of the hotel to get to work. You can avoid the strip traffic altogether if you know your way around. Breakfast buffet was average, I got a free ticket from a co-worker who is platinum level there.	
Sep 9 2009 	Nice Stay	Just back from the weekend stay at the Las Vegas Hilton. It was great. It was a busy weekend but check in went smoothly. The room was nice and roomy with a refrigerator which was a pleasant surprise....no need to get ice to keep our drinks cold. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was very very nice with shelves and drawers which made it seem even roomier. We overlooked the golf course in the North Tower close to the scenic elevator which made it very convenient when going to/from parking structure. All in all it was a very nice stay and look forward to returning. While there we saw Barry Manilow......what a performer!!!	
Sep 7 2009 	Never Again!	Snooty. Room was unclean. Security patrolling casino floor made us feel unwelcome. Poor service.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great Location off "the Strip"	Stayed at the LV Hilton as part of conference in August, and liked the hotel and location for attnding confernce and for exploring Las Vegas. It was our first time to Las Vegas and while it is off the strip we walked back several times from events on the strip. Hotel is one of the best locations for the monorail that connects to hotels on the strip, and is walking distance to some restaurants, drug store and many other hotels. We had great room with great view and it was clean and well maintained. Couple of the restauants in hotel are decent too. We went back there several nights later after we did some travelling in Arizona and got a fantastic rate and were impressed to find that we got free parking for our rental car and that the airport was only 10 minutes away.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great strip view good value	I stayed in the hotel for 2 nights during the conference and was rather pleased with the experience. The room was clean and spacious; very comfortable bed and pillows; marble countertops everywhere. The only down side was the tub in the bathroom. I don't believe it was dirty, I think it might be time to update those tubs. The breakfast was very good (it was included in the rate as were gym and spa). I also liked that it was very quiet at night, so I was able to get a good night sleep.	
Aug 27 2009 	Had a Nice Stay	I have to admit that I was concerned about this hotel after reading some of the reviews. For those who are also concerned I feel compelled to communicate my experience. Check in was a breeze, maybe 5 groups in front of us though over the weekend a longer line did exist. A very nice lady helped us with check in. I was not offered an upgrade but when I asked about a choice of rooms she did notify me that for $20/night I could upgrade to a renovated room which I accepted. The room we got was actually the next bigger size up from the standard room, in the North tower with a view of the strip. We had absolutely no complaints or problems with our room. The hotel itself is getting older and it shows in places. Yes, it appears that they are trying to keep their costs down as some of the hallways could have been cleaner as well as the windows which need to be cleaned. Service was fine and the staff friendly. Contrary to some of the previous reviews I did not see room service trays sitting in the hall for longer that a couple of hours. We really enjoyed the pool area. The pool could be larger but the surrounding area is very large with good service there too. We did not eat at this hotel much though I highly recommend the deli in the sports book. Good food at very reasonable prices. The location was excellent for us as we had a pool tournament to attend at the Riviera which was an easy walk. If you are looking at being on the strip this is not the place for you. Probably the big question is whether or not this hotel lives up to Hilton standards. I do not usually stay at Hiltons but do stay at Hampton Inns quite often. I would put this hotel on par with the better Hampton Inns I have stayed at but keep in mind that we had a renovated room. For the total of $80.00 a night I felt like it was a good value.	
Aug 27 2009 	Probably better options elsewhere considering lacking service	After a flight across the country, a 1-hour line late on a Friday night just to check in. The hotel really needs to address this problem because I think most everyone on the line was annoyed. Internet access is 14 dollars for 24 hours which is way too much. Location is inconvenient if planning to go to the strip locations often since the monorail price adds up. The rooms are adequate and views are good from top floors. Better off staying on the strip somewhere.	
Aug 24 2009 	Disgusting	AAAHHH It was an awful miserable experience. My husband and I arrived at 1:30 AM and they told us they don’t have a king bed so we forced to sleep in 2 different beds! When we arrived in our room at 3 AM finally !!! we saw a beetle on one of the beds!And then we moved to another room at 4 AM.Disgusting bathroom full of molds and old towels with stain on them was waiting for us in second bedroom.Finally we moved to a king size bed room after 8 hours with the same problems and without a fridge!!!! So we moved 3 times in 36 total hours. all of these happened on my birthday night.	
Aug 23 2009 	Watch for Double Charges!!	This is not the first time a Las Vegas Hotel has done this. Basically, the room is paid for by my company and the hotel charges my incidentals credit card for the room after check out. Other than that the pool is redone, but nothing to write home about compared to other Vegas hotels.	
Aug 23 2009 	great hotel more than happy	The hotel was fine, totally enjoyed it. We got a free room upgrade which was good. Had no problems with check in and the room was very comfortable and looked new, quite spacious. Really happy with the hotel and the experience we had there. Definitely recommed the paradise cafe downstairs, thoroughly enjoyed that. Don't really know about the casino as I am not a gambler at all.About the only bad points I can think of was that the bathtub actually felt like it could have used a bit more of a clean, felt like there was a layer of residue over the top. The other thing is the location. The actual walk to the strip is not far at all, it's nothing over with in under 10 minutes but to get to where the action is it's quite a hike. Too far to walk. Tips to get over that, don't bother with the deuce in the evenings, it took FOREVER to get anywhere. Go the monorail the whole time and jsut walk the rest of the distance. The only other thing I would say about the las vegas hilton is to take out a hilton honours membership. Had a little hassle one afternoon that I had to deal with and rather than wait in the looooon line was able to basically jump the queue as a hilton honours member. And it's free online.Oh if you want a pool scene don't bother the pool really isn't all that big. Easy enough to deal with though. Didn't mind the internet charge either. Took my laptop with me and think it was 14 or 15 dollars US. Compared to some places that I have seen that's quite a reasonable charge. Oh and don't expect tea and coffee facilities in vegas and you wont be dissappointed.	
Aug 23 2009 	Too far from the action.	This Hilton is definitely not a 4 stars hotel but more a low end 3 stars. Rooms are dated and small with very small baths. Personnel at check in was not really nice(not unusual at a Hilton). My main problem with this hotel is that it is too far from the center of the strip and is located next to Naked City(the worst neighborhood in LV).	
Aug 21 2009 	Great room great price great strip view bathroom sucked.	Me and my husband stayed at this hotel the weekend of 07/31/09-08/02/09 for a weekend vegas getaway. The room was nice and clean the bed was comfy as were the pillows. The hotel pool was nice and so was the breakfast buffet. Our room had a strip view which was the best part. The only things I did not like was there is no valet service which kinda sucks and the bath tub was horrible. The tub had like old dirt stains I guess you could call it and they tried to cover it with a bath tub mat. I didn't even want to put my feet in there but what are you going to do? This hotel looks like they spent money on upgrades like flat screen TV's and granite counter tops but skipped the bathtub area completely. If they would redo the tub I would love to come back to this hotel but until then I will take my chances and stay somewhere else.	
Aug 21 2009 	Avoid this Flea Pit!!! Its all Fur Coat 	Thanks to a complete cock up by Thomas Cook, We (a group of 9 people) found ourselves abandoned in McCarran airport hunting around for a hotel in Las Vegas.We had checked out of the Bellagio earlier that day so we know what quality is like and we were spoiled by the benefits of staying in a quality property!I have stayed in the Hilton group of hotels all over the world and this hote lis second to none... for its Lack of cleanliness and quality!!!As a Hilton Honours Member I got free room upgrades... God only knows what the standard room would have been like!!!We had 4 rooms, 2 with King Beds and 2 with Dbl Queen Beds. All the rooms were not what any normal person would class as clean.The first thing to point out is that there was one central set of lifts, which cover all floors in the section of hotel we were in. Getting was enough of a challenge as the doors close as soon as they open... thats after a lift has even arrived!!! Once we were on our floor we were greated with a corridor full of dirty crockery on trays, plates of half eaten food lying around and general dust and dirt along the corridor.When we got in the room it was as if the maid had never been introduced to a Vaccuum cleaner as there was dirt and food crumbs all over the room.Dont get me wrong, the room is large enough and the beds are comfortable... its the thought that you are being eaten alive by mites, lice and anything else that was alive in the carpet, furniture and bed.Needless to say we checked out the very next morning after complaining and went to the MGM grand... that was our next mistake!Would I recommend this hotel? Overall NO. It is a LONG way off the strip and the Monorail is expensive ($5 per person per trip, although you can get a 3 day pass or something I think) and once off the monorail you have to trek through whatever hotel it is you get off the monorail station at because the monorail runs along the back of the hotels on the strip. It is NOT your typical Hilton standard and it is very disappointing. For the extra $30 a night... stay in the Bellagio!	
Aug 18 2009 	NO reason to stay here; Better places for conventions/price/rooms/gambling/food/everything.	This place needs to be imploded. And if it weren't directly connected to the convention center, I'm certain it would have been imploded (or sold and renamed some third rate dump casino).While walking in, the bellhop didn't even attempt to greet or otherwise assist with baggage. Upon check-in, you're given the choice to upgrade to a &quot;renovated&quot; room for $20. So right away, they're taking away from your experience by saying &quot;well, if you're not going to spend more money, you're getting a less than stellar room&quot; ... Gold/diamond level members get the renovated room. They didn't have a single bed, and the staff was unwilling to offer us a nicer room to get the room we had booked. Staff was lacking in general, I think they know they're working for a dump and hear it all day long.After examining our first room, we found it to be pretty dirty. I wouldn't have wanted to walk barefoot in that room. Outside of the 1982 pink Formica tile in the bathroom, there was a stash of pubic hair on the floor. A carpeted bath mat (gross). The lamp shade was ripped in half. Everything about the place felt like a low grade motel. After finding the pubic hair, we called at 4am to complain and the next day we got upgraded to a renovated room in the East tower (2575). It was nicer, but still far below any other modern hotel's quality in Las Vegas. The tub leaked so there was a stream of water across the floor all day, every day. (Extremely wasteful--I've read other reviews complaining their tub leaked too). The place smelled strongly like sewer gas every time we entered the room. The buffet is DISGUSTING. And for $18 for brunch, not worth it. Actually, if it were $8 I probably wouldn't go back. Most disgusting, low grade food you've ever seen. Everything is cooked to a shrivel and sits out. Eggs Benedict were inedible. Super low quality everything. Patrons that aren't smart enough to not leave the tongs sitting on the food (gross). The only redeeming thing were the crab legs (snow crab though, not king). But really, how many of those can one eat before you feel sick? Only fake HFCS iced tea. They have no club, so gold/diamond members get the buffet for free in the morning. I felt so dirty just sitting there eating the food. They have those alcoholic hand sanitizers on the way out--they really need them on the way IN. I'd classify the buffet quality to be on the level of Old Country Buffet, at best.The casino is so-so, maybe on par with other 'dive' casinos. It's smokier than just about any dive casino I went to. There's not enough of a border between the hotel and casino; the second you set foot in the hotel door you're encased in a stench that you won't not smell until you leave the premises. If you're staying there for a convention and not to gamble, this is probably annoying. The crowd in general is older on average, nobody young purposely goes here. The only time we spent gambling there, the power went out for a brief second and the slots rebooted mid-play. The Riviera is the closest casino/hotel to the Hilton (10 minute walk), it's just as old but smelled 100 times better and was a much younger crowd. The sports book room is pretty nice--it's huge with projection TV's (though it needs an HD update). Still a fine place to bet on some horses while getting free drinks.The Wynn/Encore are probably a 15-20 minute walk, and since you'll be looking for excuses to escape, probably a walk you'll do several times.What's sad for the Hilton is their food pricing is about the same as Encore/Wynn's, yet anyone who has been to Wynn/Encore knows everything about those two places STOMPS the Hilton. Hilton actually had the nerve to have a page of appetizers on their room service menu where everything was $21-29 for a quantity of 6. 6 jalapeno poppers for ~$25. 6 chicken wings for $20+. etc etc. Are they insane?They nickel and dime you to death, more than just about any other hotel chain is doing right now. $14 Internet. No free water. No free &quot;if you forgot&quot; toiletries. No free business center. I believe the indoor fitness center was not free. They even charge $5-10 to accept a FedEx package for you, that's just insane.There's no reason in the world to stay here, unless forced to because of a convention where employers require it. Still though, there's a newish Renaissance on the opposite end of the Convention Center if you're needing to be close to the convention center. Outside of that, there are much nicer hotels with much cheaper rates (i.e., MGM).They're promoting that the building is 40 years old with posters and free T-shirts.. Guess what guys, age is not something you should be bragging about. This place needs a few sticks of dynamite to lighten it up.	
Aug 17 2009 	Do not bother - Nothing is free enough to make up for it!!!	We booked a room at the Hilton for a conference. Got in late and couldn't believe what we ended up with!First off, the public places are FILTHY. In the women's bathroom near the East Tower Elevators on the main floor there was one stall that had a hypodermic needle sitting in the bottom of the toilet! Second off, the rooms are FILTHY. The room we got was a $99 one and it was more like a Mesquite $29 one!! The floors were disgusting...didn't want to take my shoes off and walk on it - OBVIOUSLY hadn't been vacuumed. There were bits and pieces of &quot;stuff&quot; all over the carpet and it was badly stained in a few places....husband thought I was being PICKY until he encountered a bunch of garbage when his toes ventured past the bedskirt. Then he was grossed out. Got to wondering what else hadn't been cleaned - the only chair in the room was also covered with &quot;bits&quot; of something. The room we got was two beds - two FULL SIZE beds. Didn't even know they put full size beds in hotels anymore! And as if the size wasn't bad enough, I think they were some of the original mattresses from when the hotel was built - at least that's how my back feels today. On the only positive side...the bathroom was clean and the usual amenities were available, however there seemed to be a limit on toilet flushes in our room because ours stopped after about 5 flushes. We happily checked out the next morning and went to the Platinum Hotel for same price and got a 900 sq ft suite with a full kitchen, balcony, and a nice indoor/outdoor pool (which wasn't even crowded). Our reservation also included wireless internet and late 2pm checkout. This place is the bomb!!	
Aug 15 2009 	Nice weekend stay	We spent a pleasant weekend at the LV Hilton. They had a great offer that included 6 free buffets and other complimentary items. The room would be best described as a typical Hilton room. It included a safe, two $4 bottles of water, flat screen TV, an iron with board and an ice bucket. The beds were comfortable and the room was kept clean. Only problem with the beds was a gross looking stain on the sheets on my partner’s bed. The House Cleaning supervisor was very apolagetic and we were offered some free drinks at any of the bars. Gambling is fine here but seemed a little slow for a weekend. The Buffet is excellent, a wide variety to choose from and the food was very good. Only down side to the LV Hilton is its distance from the strip but we knew that going in. The monorail is a convenient way to the strip. As with most LV hotels, the internet fee is ridiculously expensive.	
Aug 15 2009 	Dated.. but hard to beat the free buffet	The hotel is old. It was built in 1969, and at the time, I'm sure it was the shizz.. but 40 years later, it needs a massive facelift. Expect proportions to be smaller (e.g., the bathroom). Most of the people who stay here are also relatively old -- 40 and up.Some of the rooms have been renovated (North wing), and even with the renovations, the rooms still look dated. The walls are thin, but I didn't feel like they were any worse than, say, Hampton Inn. My room had a mini-fridge, flat-screen TV (that stretched the picture), a comfy king-sized bed, and high-speed internet for a fee.Now, if you're a Hilton Honors member (Gold or higher), the perks can make up for the average accomodations. Receive two bottles of water, USA Today, free breakfast for two, and access to the gym and spa. The breakfast is nice because instead of the usual continental breakfast, Hilton offers up the buffet which is decent. Fresh fruit, bagels, omelet station, choice of beverage, etc. The gym is also bigger than what you'd find at a Hampton Inn.Location is on the backside of the strip, so a cab will be necessary (or the Monorail that no one rides). Valet is free. Self-parking is near the North tower. Restaurants on the bottom floor.If smoking bothers you, the hotel lobby will be somewhat of a problem since it is so close to the gaming area. Same for breakfast since it is held in the sport book area.	
Aug 14 2009 	Quiet location	If you want to stay close but not on the strip, this is the place for you. It is on the monorail track so it is easy to get to the strip. The East wing where we stayed is very quiet. The North wing seemed to be the one with all the families. Staff was great. The rooms were clean and spacious. The buffet was delicious and and such a variety of food. We went on a Sunday morning and they had complimentary mimosas and beer. We were there to fulfil one of my &quot;things to do&quot; which was to see Barry Manilow. The theatre is tucked away behind the one casino and the staff was great. My husband declined to go with me and led me to the doors of the theatre. One of the staff was able to assist me to my sit as I have diminished sight and had just gotten out of chemo and radiation. i wish I had gotten the women's name as she was very attentive to my needs. The spa was awesome and I was surprised how inexpensive it was to get a massage. It was comparible to our local spa in town. The hotel has great deals so search them out before reserving your room. It is a great place.	
Aug 12 2009 	One of the Best Hilton in the World	As a gold card Hilton Honors member I was upgraded to a suite. The bed and the room size were perfect. I have stayed at Hilton's around the world, and this breakfast was by far the very, best especially at the weekends. The Spa and the pool are ok.The Casino is a bit passed it, but you have a choice.Staff are helpfull and yes it can be a bit touristy, but this is vegas baby and at $60 a night you cannot complain.	
Aug 10 2009 	Needs a facelift	My husband and I only stayed at the Hilton because that is where Creation Entertainment held their Star Trek convention. The room price was good for Vegas, but I think it was a little lower for convention goers. My husband and I enjoy Hampton Inns and seek one out where ever we travel. I guess we were expecting the Hilton to be a cut above because of the city it's in and the Hilton reputation. However, the room was run down with dirt along the walls where they meet the carpet, lime deposits crusting the shower head, and the mold along the caulking. At Hampton Inns we normally get HBO, but not here. I never once saw anyone cleaning any of the glass or brass, both of which had finger and hand prints.all over them. There was something that looked like a plum sitting outside the elevator on our floor for days. Guess that sort of thing accounts for the fruit flies. The convention center portion was run down and at least half of the ceiling tiles looked as if they were ready to fall down on us.What we saw of the staff seemed nice enough. The Buffet was really good with one price getting you soooo much food from salads to shrimp to prime rib to desserts. That area also needed a sandblasting. I understand that this building is about 40 years old, but hotels need constant cleaning and repair. I think this hotel is existing on its original grandeur (marble and now-tarnished brass) but they sure aren't doing anything to keep it up.	
Aug 10 2009 	Don't pay extra for Club Resort	My husband is a diamond Hilton Honors member so we get upgraded to a premium room but at this particular hotel in Las Vegas you must pay extra for what they call Club Resort, the room is the same, a premium room, the only difference is access to the Executive Lounge where they serve a continental breakfast, afternoon cookies/drinks, and wine and cheese at 4-6 p.m. The lounge does not accommodate people at busy times as it was designed with big heavy furniture so people have to stand, they have no trays to take food to your room. We stayed 4 nights, during our entire stay, our key never worked, even though I asked to have it changed (so that I could get into the Executive Lounge), by the front desk three times. It didn't work for many people so we had to knock on the door and wait for someone to open it, sometimes other guests would open it, occasionally they would just stare and turn away until a staff member happened by to open the door. The weekend was very busy, but this morning, Monday at 9:30 a.m. it was quiet. Unfortunately the 2% milk was sour, the other option is whole milk and 1/2 and 1/2, for some reason they do not have skim or 1%. I informed one of the staff who proceeded to bring out another silver jug, this one also sour! I decided to let it go and used the whole milk. As far as the room went, it is the same as a premium room, the pillows are not great, some better than others, also didn't get the USA Today every day as promised. Next time I go I will eat breakfast in the buffet using the Hilton Honors free breakfast as I refuse to pay extra for the Executive Lounge. I recommend this hotel but only for Hilton Honors and do not pay extra for the Club Resort as it is not worth it.	
Aug 8 2009 	Nice Place; Would Definitely Recommend but Won't Rush Back!	The Las Vegas Hilton was delightfully dull and for $39 a night, including breakfast, 2 drinks and a free night (with paid night) in the winter I have nothing to complain about. The reviews on here accurately sum up this hotels strengths and weaknesses.There is absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel. It is off-strip, which to some is an advantage. The monorail stops right at the hotel. The room we stayed in was above-average in terms of comfort.The hotel overall has seen better days. Not to imply that it's run-down or dowdy. It's not. It's just an older Vegas hotel that has been renovated. People who worked there were all very nice. Casino and dining were just on the dull side, but perfectly acceptable, and I take you back to the first line of my review.Given what I paid we got a really, really good deal. Definitely won't be my first choice for a future visit but I wouldn't talk anyone out of staying there. And again I stress I had absolutely no complaints about the property (okay, so the tub didn't drain quickly, but it doesn't in my bathroom at home, either!)If you're choosing this hotel because you've got business in Las Vegas, staying for a convention or looking for an inexpensive hotel that's not downtown you can't go wrong. Don't expect to be dazzled and you just might come away surprised at how much you enjoyed it!	
Aug 6 2009 	I've stayed at nicer Hampton Inns!	I stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton to see the Julio Iglesias concert in early June 2009. I travel weekly for work and spend most of my nights at Hilton properties, so I excited to see that Julio would be at the Hilton. I booked a decently priced &quot;suite&quot; on a club resort floor and was excited to see the shows and earn points at the Hilton.My first dissapointment was when I got to my room and it looked nothing like the picture shown on the web page. It was nothing more than their basic room, but with access to the &quot;club&quot; on that floor. Top it off with the TV didn't work.The hallways were full of dirty dishes, carts, cups, etc. The place was dirty and fruit flies were everywhere because of the food that was not taken care of.The restaurants were closed on a Saturday night by 9pm and the only place to eat was the 'paradise cafe' which was anything but paradise.The room got cleaned, but the next night there was still dirt/food/cups in the hallways. There was a piece of cake that was outside for more than 2 days. The concert was great and that was the only good part of my stay.I wrote a letter to Hilton and all I got was a &quot;we'll work harder next time email.&quot; Which was unacceptable to me- especially given how much money I give to Hilton.I have stayed at nicer Hampton Inn's across the country!! Don't waste your time or money at the Hilton.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great Hotel - Fantastic Service	This is a great hotel off the strip, so you are far away from strip's noises and crowds. I stayed in a resort club room, The room was clean and big, the resort club lounge was very clean, I was able to relax in the lounge with having complimentary glass of champaign. You could get complimentary fruits, biscuits, cookies, crisps, nuts, wines, beer, champaigns, wines, beer, tea, coffess in the resort loungeyou can also get breakfast for around 12 dollar and dinner for around 18 dollar in the buffet restaurant, This is ''as much as you eat'' style including complimentary soft drinks, wine and beer, It is a open buffet and you can eat as much as you want.the staffs were very friendly and helpful. swimming pool was nice and quiet, there was a fitness centre but i did not have much time to use it. Hilton Hhonor gold and diamond members can have free internet access and free breakfast in the buffet restaurant. In the buffet restaurant they have their own area where they can sit and eat, it looks quite poschI would recomend this hotel to everybody	
Aug 5 2009 	Convenient to Convention Centre	Stayed here for two nights alone on a business trip. Reception staff not the best, tried to put me in a lesser catagory room than I had paid for (even with Hilton Honours)! I was not impressed as I realised on reading Trip Advisor reviews I had paid at least four times more than they had. The $100 vouchers were useless to me as it was the 'Noah's Ark syndrome' everything was to be purchased in twos, I could not avail of this as I was a solo traveller on this occasion.As mentioned by other reviewers, rooms a little tired and basic, no complimentary coffee or water, Rubbish shower quite difficult to get wet. Handling of clients at reception and the buffets resembled a livestock sale, all you can hear is 'get in line', get in line' take your ticket' orders being bellowed at you constantly.Checking out took nearly thirty minutes.I went to the Sunday brunch and was totally amazed, I thought I had witnessed greed at the buffets in the Caribbean, with several visits by guests, plates piled high. What I saw here was gluttony to the extreme.The swimming pool although small and very crowded is refreshing.While the staff left a lot to be desired, everyone else I met both inside and outside the hotel were extremely friendly. It was very convenient for me being just across the road from the convention centre. If you are here on business its fine, for a vacation you can do better.	
Aug 2 2009 	You can do better	Thats what I would say both to travellers considering this hotel and to the Hilton's staff. Its a big place which is a taxi or monorail ride from the strip. The rooms are quite a good size and reasonably well equipped if a little 'tired'. Perhaps if we were high rollers the housekeeping staff would have bothered to pick up other people's trays and vacuum the hallway carpet near our room. As it was, they ignored my request and the crud was still there 36 hours later. Breakfast was fine in the main buffet but the Paradise Cafe was not very impressive. There is a handy Pizza Hut outlet in the building.	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent accomidations monorail to the strip priced for perfection	We got a three night stay for $185, including $100+ discount coupons as well as six buffets included, really couldn't beat it. We also were given a rollaway free of charge, I've never had that happen before! We always stay at the Hilton, its off the strip and relatively quiet. The monorail is the best way to travel in Vegas, its inexpensive and a monorail comes every five minutes!! I definately recommend this hotel.	
Jul 25 2009 	Another pleasant stay!	Stayed at the Hilton for three nights. Look, it isn't the Bellagio but you're not paying top dollar either. We have stayed here many times and keep coming back. The monorail is very convenient and a three day pass is only $28 dollars. Temps were in the low 100s and getting from the monorail to the strip casinos was very convenient. Yes, you do get dropped off at the back of the strip casinos so you need to walk through them to get to the actual strip but this was not an issue. The Hilton itself is a bit worn but the rooms are very comfortable and the staff (desk personnel, housekeeping, dealers) are all very friendly. We had no issue or wait checking in (around 3 pm). We stayed in a Resorts room so had access to the Resorts lounge. My wife loved the cappacino/coffee machine ... push a button and out comes a delicious cappacino. They had beer, wine, cheese available between 4pm-8 pm and fruit and soft drinks/water in the morning and lunch times. We spent time at the pool. Water was cool which was perfect on a hot July afternoon. They had 2 for 1 drinks between 4-8 pm which was nice.Overall, once again we have no complaints. For the price and extras (free buffet coupons and discounts at the restaurants) the Hilton will be our hotel/casino when we visit Las Vegas again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Try Again!	We stayed here before in September and had a great stay. Our room this trip was on the East Tower floor 7. Room was okay, AC was not so good. We called and complained and they sent a &quot;fixer&quot; but the next night was more uncomfortable than the first. We had friends in the central tower and the north tower that had to turn off the AC to let their rooms warm up.We realized outside temps were around 114 but other locations in the hotel were nice and cool including the hallway outside of our room. I will say they were willing to move us to another room but we left instead.We feel this was probably an isolated issue and would stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great room okay hotel	Check in was a joke. There was a large line to check in around 9pm and there were only two people at the desk, and it was taking at least 5-10 minutes each person to check in. Overall time in line to check in was about 30 minutes. The room we checked into was a large double-double in the North tower near the glass elevator. The room was one of their newer renovated room types, and was quite spacious. We came up to the room and found that someone's portable oxygen tanks handn't been removed, but that was the only real issue. There was plenty of room for the roll away bed / cot and we overlooked the Hilton Vacation Club's parking lot (where I was parked).The pool leaves something to be desired. It sits on top of the 3rd floor semi roof, right in front of the large painting of Barry Manilow. It was 112f (44 c) when we were there and we walked up to the pool. The pool was nice and warm, but it was so hot up on the roof we didn't swim. Pool hours are only 8a-8p, which is inconvenient, as I prefer to swim in the evening. They still haven't found something to replace the Star Trek Experience, so there's a big advertisement in the hole where the door to the Experience was. The casino is just as stingy as the last time I was there, I didn't win anything. Hardly any cocktail waitresses came by on the floor.The Paradise Cafe in the East tower is not the place for late night dining. We had to wait ten minutes to be seated, there was no queue - just no staff. The food was pretty good despite the wait, but go somewhere else if you don't feel like sitting around and waiting. Waitress was having a bad night, and when my grandmother asked her to repeat something, she mumbled &quot;like I said before...&quot;Convenient access to the strip via the Monorail though the platforms are pretty hot as there is very little air circulation. The monorail cars themselves are just fine though. I would not recommend the hotel in general, but its not the worst choice for LV Strip hotels. Just don't expect much.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Time at the Hilton	Sig-other and I spent 5 days at the Hilton. He was there for a business meeting but we took extra time for leisure. For a few bucks a day, we upgraded from a &quot;standard classic&quot; room to a &quot;renovated premier&quot; room. We were on floor 14, facing the Strip. Nice, clean comfortable room with a nice view. Refrig in the room to keep your water and beer cold. A gas station/mini mart is dircetly across the street. Nice flat screen TV with regular cable channels and pay-for-view movies. (No HBO, or premium cable.) While hubby was in class, I spent some time at poolside. Nice with poolside bar; happy hour from 4 - 8 PM was 2 for 1on select drinks. Get there early for an umbrella. It was over 100+ degrees each day so normal people cannot sit out in the sun. Location is off-strip, behind the Riviera which is on the north end of the Strip. The walk to and from Las Vegas Blvd was probably a mile; not pleasant in the heat. Monorail runs right to the hotel but most of the stops are off-Strip requiring a walk indoors or out to get to your Strip destination. Monorail is $5.00 a ride (ouch!) and taxis are more expensive than in New York City (what's with that?) Next time in Vegas we'd rent a car. Too costly to travel otherwise. We highly recommend the Hilton buffet. While there we went to several - Golden Nugget, Bellagio, MGM Grand, Paris. Hilton buffet beats them all for food selection, quality and price. Biggest compliant: Entrance to the fitness center was about $15 a day. Apparently the Vegas hotels charge for this. We thought it was outrageous. INternet was $14 a day... not much free WIFI in Las Vegas.	
Jul 20 2009 	Real bargain with good Hilton quality but bad service	We stayed there for just 39 USD (excl. tax) , what is really a bargain.The check-in is a total mess, too less staff with too many people wanting to check-in. It took us ages to check-in... same was at check-out.The room, we got upgraded to deluxe room on 28th floor, was seemed renovated, except of the bath and was very nice.The restaurants and bars are very expensive!So if you can get a good deal, I would definitively go again to the Las Vegas Hilton !	
Jul 19 2009 	OK for price...but doesn't live up to Hilton name	Hotel was decent for $59 a night but I expected more from a Hilton. Rooms were a bit dated with no amenities, NO COFFEE in room, horrible channel choices, and towels that compare to a Super 8. Linens were nice, had a room with a view of the strip and not a bad location if you ride the monorail or have a car. Enjoyed the champagne brunch on Sat. morning...very good!!And Hubbie loved the sports betting room...huge!!!For the price it was ok, but you get more amenities at a Hampton then this Hilton!	
Jul 19 2009 	Great hotel although a bit away from the strip	Lovely hotel with a gorgeous swimming pool which is great to cool down in the warm weather. Hotel was slighlty away from the strip but it was an easy trip on the monorail ($28 for 3 day pass) which linked the hotel to all the others on the strip. Hotel was quieter than the ones located on the strip, which wasnt a problem as it was good to get a break from the crowds.	
Jul 18 2009 	Would NEVER stay here again	Bad location- off strip. Only good thing is the proximity to the monorail. Lousy service. Rude employees. Room reservation not honored. Ended up paying for a non-smoking king with a view- stayed in a smoking room with two doubles and no view. What a rip off. Management was non-responsive. If you can handle crummy rooms and crummy sevrice, stay at a cheap hotel on the strip. At least you can more easily get away.	
Jul 18 2009 	Friendly Convenient Professional	My wife and I stayed 2 nights, July 10th and 11th. Arrived at the LV airport Friday 3:30pm. 5 minute wait in line for cab. 8 minute cab ride up Paradise Blvd to the Hilton. Cab fare $9 plus tip. Lot's of people in line for check-in but not at the dedicated Hilton Honors members line. Walk right up to the &quot;Honors&quot; check-in counter. Checked in in less than 5 minutes with an upgrade at no charge from a very pleasant check-in agent. For the record, we have been Hilton Honors members for exactly one day. We walked into our room exactly 35 minutes after getting off of the plane.Our upgraded room is a &quot;Premium Room&quot; on the 26th floor of the North Tower, with a very nice strip view and &quot;Resorts Club&quot; access. The room itself is smaller but nicely appointed, with some newer features including a flatscreen and nicer linens. The basic bathroom is also on the smaller side, but very functional. We never heard the neighbors but we definitely saw and heard some rowdy partiers as we walked down the halls.We paid an extra $20 per night for the &quot;Resort Club&quot; benefits. Great breakfast with free coffee and juices in the morning. Free bottles of water are available all day and in the evening there are free soft drinks, beer and wine, along with snacks. Also free access to the gym/spa facilities.The buffet is a good value with a large selection. It's not fancy but it doesn't advertise itself as being fancy.Others on this site have complained about the inconvenient location of the Hilton to all of the action on the strip. I can only relate our experience and let others decide. We went to the strip one morning for brunch at the Bellagio. We left the room at 9am and caught the monorail(which runs every 7 minutes) 5 minutes later. In 10 minutes we got off of the monorail at the Bally's stop. We walked through Bally's, over Las Vegas Blvd and into the Bellagio at 9:35. We spent the early afternoon walking through the Bellagio(thumbs up on the brunch and the chocolate fountain), Bills, Paris and Planet Hollywood. Another quick walk back through Bally's and we were on the monorail and back to the Hilton in a jiffy. VERY convenient! A one day pass on the monorail costs $10. Tip: The Hilton has some exceptional deals available for those that look in the right places on the internet. The deals are even available on weekends, as we just experienced for ourselves.	
Jul 15 2009 	The Hilton Las Vegas is still fit for the King.	I honestly was going to skip my trip to Vegas on the 4th of July, but the Las Vegas Hilton came to the rescue. They gave me an offer for $115 for 3 nights ( any nights of the month in July and August). I called them up and booked for the hot 4th of July weekend. Amazingly they did not give me hard time, and let me have it for the special price. So just by the fact that I got such a steal, I was going to be very reasonable for the things the Hilton lacks. Which is not much!We checked in at 8pm on a Thursday night. Definitely in a time crunch if we had to get to Tryst by 10pm. I unpacked all of my shirts to find some wrinkles in them. So I thought I would bust out the iron. It just so happens that I had one that did not work. I called front desk, and it took a good 30 minutes before the maid brought another iron up. They even went out of their way and tested the iron to make sure it works. How nice of them! I ironed my clothes and was on my way out and made my deadline.Having stayed at the Hilton before, we knew exactly what the setup was. So getting ready and getting in and out of the hotel was a breeze. I m not going to review the room so much this time around, but give a little insiders point of view. Our last room did not have a flat screen, and this one did. So I highly suggest asking for one of the renovated rooms. It seems like the furniture in the room was newer as well. Overall size and lay out of the room is in the same. Our room was located on the 22nd floor of the central tower. Rooms in the quite east tower are $15 more a night.Another thing people don't know about is the parking. Don't park in the designated lot for guests! You will be walking a mile to your room. I always park in the &quot;Sports Book&quot; parking lot on the east wing of the hotel. Make sure you don't park in the sports book VIP spot or you will get a ticket. From here it is about a 10 minute walk, instead of a 20 minute walk to your room in the East or Central towers.The service all around the hotel was very. We didn't spend too much time in the room to really notice. They were gracious enough to offer us coupons for the weekend. It included coupons for drinks at the hotel, and dining/ room service etc etc. We didn't spend any of them because it was just a little too pricey even with the coupons. With our room we got a great view of the fireworks over by the Palazzo (center strip). This was an added bonus.There were one minor annoyance with our bath tub. The drainage definitely needed some work done because the bath tub water came up all the way to our ankles whenever we took a shower. It was kind of like a bath/shower all at once. Another problem was catching an elevator. It seemed like the elevator system was not smart enough to detect that it is a full load and would stop at every floor when going down. It took anywhere from 5-10 minutes to catch one single ride.Other then that, I would love to stay at the Hilton again. I don't expect steals like this, but as long as I get a reasonable price, I will be back to use the place as a mattress and a cooler bucket for my bottles again. The Hilton Las Vegas is still fit for the King.	
Jul 15 2009 	disappointing	We arrived to take our deluxe king room and after waiting about 30 minutes at the reception we &quot;greeted&quot; by a desk clerk who wouldn't make eye contact...a bad sign.He mumbled that there weren't enough rooms left and sent us off to what he described as &quot;half of a suite&quot;. It turned out to be a hospitality room that happened to have a murphy bed in it...no way.Back at the reception the &quot;manager&quot;, who had the unenviable job of informing us that the room we were sold wasn't available, delivered some carefully crafted dodges about their limited responsibility.We were finally given an somewhat worn double room. Although we were to be in town for three nights we decided only one would be spent at the Hilton. The first thing we did upon paying the $14 internet access fee was find other lodgings for the remaining two nights.	
Jul 14 2009 	Ah perfection!	Wonderful room, great beds, early check in allowed, nice people all throughout the hotel. Monorail right outside the door. Even by Vegas standards, the buffet was amazing.	
Jul 13 2009 	Just an ok hotel.	Hotel was a lot farther from the strip than I expected. I had read it was only about 1 block off the strip, try more like sixish. We had to drive and find parking everywhere instead of just walking. The hotel lobby and casino was nice. Our room was ok. The bathroom tub tile was kind of dirty, and the air filter on the ceiling was very nasty. Other than that the room was very clean. Beds were very comfortable. Air conditioning worked great. Nice flat screen tv with cable. Rooms were large. There are many shops and restraunts in this place. Breakfast is quite expensive so we didn't eat here. Ice machine didn't work on our floor. Didn't check out the pool, but I am sure it was nice. Won't stay here again because it is so far from the strip. Other than that I would stay here again.	
Jul 9 2009 	It is not what you think...	There is a sign in front of the hotel that says: Las Vegas Hilton! It's been there forever - as the hotel - and it shows! For a special US$45 a night with free breakfast I shouldn't complain. I have to say that the rooms are nice, comfortable and spacious, but that is it. The rest is like a Super 8 hotel with a seedy and tacky casino. If you can pass that, enjoy your stay.	
Jul 8 2009 	good karma	I would like to say that this hotel was comparble to any 4 star. What has me writing the review is that fact that housekeeping came in w/ a dnd sign on the door. At first when I realized, it was no big deal. Later that night I couldn't find my gaming voucher for 52.50. I called security and a long story short the hotel manager offered to repay me the money or take care of my upgrade charges. Very professional and compassionate.	
Jul 7 2009 	The Las Vegas Hilton is still a nice place to stay	The Hilton still is convenient, friendly, and has a &quot;at home&quot; feel that many of the mega-resorts fails to provide. We received a very nice upgrade and the room was very clean and new. Some of the reviews I've read are puzzling since we found the Hilton to be a perfect place to be. The Sports Book is still exceptional after all of these years and the buffet is well worth the price. We paid $49 and that in itself is a good reason to stay there.	
Jul 6 2009 	Updated Vegas Classic - a nice place off strip	I've been coming to the Las Vegas Hilton for many years. Partly because I'm Hilton HHonors member and partly because its caters to the middle roller. The hotel itself recently went through an extensive facelift about two years ago. Their rooms now have flat screen screen TV's and new bedding. The rooms are comfortable and clean. The air conditioning works very well for a 40 year old hotel.Dining options are decent and pretty standard for a Vegas Hotel/Casion of this size. The Buffet is good but not outstanding. The one thing we did notice is that it appears that the Hilton has shut down their Mexican Restaurant and the Teru Sushi Bar in their Benihana Village. My wife and I were looking for the these restaurants on Friday night during the 4th of July Holiday and they were closed. Very dissapointing. So for late night casual dining your only options are the coffee shop and Pizza Hut outlet. There is a new lounge called Tempo and is pretty nice. It's has free live music/DJ's that has been missing from this place for a while. When it comes to shows, the entertainment options are among the best in Vegas for the variety of acts that perform here. This is one area that the Hilton has invested heavily in.For resort ammenties, the Hilton has a large pool area on its third level and several tennis courts. The pool area could use more shade for those very hot summer days. The spa facility is very nice but the gym is too small for my taste. Standard free weights, machines and treadmills are the norm here.The casino itself is not that large compared to others on the strip. But the sports book is huge and a great place to catch a game provided you get there early to grab seat. The Eigth Pole Bar in the sports book area is in dire need of a make over due to the smell coming from the drainage pipes behind the bar. Stick with the Tempo Lounge or Spacequest casino for your drinking pleasure.All in all, the Las Vegas Hilton is a good value for the mid roller. Its not dumpy like the Riviera Hotel or super upsacle like most of the strip resorts. You could alway take the Monorail to the strip. NOTE to Hilton HHonors members: This hotel is not owned by Hilton but by Resorts International. You do get some perks as a Gold or Diamond member (Free breakfast buffet, free spa access, free bottles of water) but do not expect a room upgrade. There is no executive floor and you will not get anything more than the standard room, unless your a high roller.	
Jul 2 2009 	Would not go back	I was there for an event. Since that was the location for the event and others were staying there, we did too. I stayed in a 3 room suite that essentially was 3 separate rooms with connecting doors. Although certainly not a bad place, I would not stay there again for the reasons below.The not OK:1. Check in was bad. We waited 45 minutes in line for one of 2 people servicing check-ins. Others waited until past 5 pm to get into a room.2. The &quot;heated pool&quot; was ice cold and , as one expects in Vegas, there was very little shade unlesss you had a cabana. I don't know how they keep the pool so cold given the temperature and it was not jus tthe difference between the two, it was very cold.3. It is not a destination within Vegas. In other words, nobody is going to go to the Hilton if they are at another hotel. The result can be very few people in the casino and a palpable lack of energy.4. Petty charges. These include $3 per day for use of the room safe, $14 per day for internet and a $3 charge for printing a boarding pass at the front desk. The showers all have the aerators but in this hotel, taking a shower was a bit of a struggle given the water spray, or lack of it. I think they would have charged for tap water if they could.5. Prices throughout were high ($3 for a bottle of coke at the sundry shop) and what you would expect from a top end resort hotel on the strip. The problem is that this was not one of those and is off the strip. Breakfast for 4 at the coffee shop can easily top $50 for bacon and eggs. 5. We asked for a strip view and a higher floor. We got the 6th floor and no strip view (I am not really sure there really is one from this property). We also were jacked around making reservations with no 2 people ever giviong us the same rates for the same room.6. The casino is relatively small and during the week, isrelatively empty. By the end of the day, the sports book is a mess (as opposed to other places that constantly clean their's up). There is no poker room for those who play.7. Going anywhere else is expensive. A cab ride to the strip , for instance, is a minimum $10-15.8. There are much better values on the strip with some top end hotels currently quoting rock bottom rates for rooms.The OK:1. The rooms are nicely appointed and the beds were comfortable. You do not have to go through the casino to get to the elevators.2. The staff (other than the front desk) and casino employees were very pleasant.3. The food at the restaurants was overall as good as the competition although expensive. They try hard to provide alternatives for dining probably to deter you from leaving the property. So there are options for mexiccan, italian, chinese, japanese, a deli, coffe shop, buffet, ice cream place, a steak house, a coffee place and an ice cream shop.4. There is never a wait at the cab line. I guess that cuts both ways.5. It is a little closer to the airport.The bottom line: this was not a bad place. However, there are much better options for those that want a Vegas experience and/or better value.	
Jul 2 2009 	Good place to stay off the strip	We got a great deal on this hotel from Travelzoo. For about 60$ a night, we had a good size room located in the center tower. The service was very courteous. We used many voucher for food and drinks. The only negative point was the long wait for drinks at the pool which were not worth the wait...	
Jul 1 2009	What is a reservation	I booked 5 rooms in March for a May 30th reservation. All non smoking, when we arrived late the night of the 30th, because we came from the East Coast, 11:00 vegas time, all of the rooms were smoking, no non smoking rooms available. I asked for the person that made my reservations at the Hilton, and no one knew him. Bottom line, after the stay, communicated with the general managers assistant , her comment was those non smoking rooms were reguested, not reservered. HUH	
Jun 30 2009 	Great prices and nice rooms	I stayed at LV Hilton just a couple weeks ago for a fun trip with friends to Vegas since the prices were so low. Our room was only $59/night and the rooms looked brand new and were pretty spacious. The casino was entertaining and the hotel is one of the stops along the monorail which made is really convenient to access the strip. I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 28 2009 	Not a Very Classy Hilton	I stay at Hiltons probably twice a year. This was the worst stay yet. It smelled of cigarette smoke. The shower dripped. The vanity area was really small. The remote didn't work. And the TV was old. The beds were really uncomfortable. We upgraded to a strip view, but there was no strip view. The swimming pool was horribly small for being in Las Vegas. The only good thing was the free parking.	
Jun 23 2009 	Nice stay	Booked the Manilow package. He cancelled 10 days before we left but we decided to give it a try as we had never been to Vegas and were &quot;kidless&quot; for the 1st time in a while. Checked in late, no issues, Asked about recent renovations as the freshness is more important to us than other things. Got a jacuzzi, mini suite in the East Tower. Very comfy, clean, Fresh. Central Tower has not been renovated recently. Had late room service. Very good and BIG portions. Wife checked out the spa the next day. Nice massage according to her. Stayed total of 4 nights. No issues.Buffet- Stick to breakfast. Lunch is nothing great at all but it was free. Dinner menu  looked the same so we passed. B'fast was fine.TJ's- Excellethent meal, Service OK. What I expect in the Old Vegas steakhouse feel.  Huge meal so skip the appetizers.Casino- Small and less crowded as off-strip and no large convention this week. Did not feel cheezy like the Flamingo, Bally's, Harrah's, but not as elaborate as the  Bellagio, Paris, etc. We are not big gamblers or fans of smokey rooms so it  was fine.Pool- Nice enviroment for quiet couples or familiesBar- Tempo Lounge was good service, good drinks. Entertainment- We skipped the hotel stuff and went to &quot;O&quot; . Good showShopping- Wife liked the dress, shoes, accessories shop in the lobby. Did some  damage. That's what extra suitcases are for I suppose.Overall- Very nice, Fresh, comfy room, Service fine, Food options good. Monorail was  fine to get to the strip. We enjoyed this as when we were done at night, we  could hop the monorail for a 5 minute ride back to smaller crowds but a nice  &quot;Vegas &quot; enviroment. If Manilow would have been there, would have been the  perfect get away I had planned for the Lovely.At all these sights, I hear the same complaints from some folks. Griping about costs, service, food, etc. Bottom line is you get what you pay for when it comes to food, shows, and general hotel ambiance. While this is not the Bellagio, it was extremely nice (What I expect from Hilton). Also, at a nice upscale property, you get as you give. Smile, Be pleasant and conversational, Learn and use the staff's 1st names, Give compliments, tip nicely, say thank you. Do this and a good staff is full of good advice, smiles, good service.	
Jun 23 2009 	Vegas holiday	this holiday was excellent value for money, the accommodation was also very good, altho' not situated on the Las Vegas strip, it had a monorail system which took you from one end of the strip to the other, indeed value for money. Las Vegas never disapoints, very vibrant and exciting, something for everyone to do 24/7. Would strongly recommend a good pair of walking trainers, and high factor sun screen, otherwise give it a go!!!!!!!!!!!!.	
Jun 23 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised...will return for sure!!!!	Wow....what a change. The last time I stayed here was five years ago, and it was hit or miss as to whether or not I would return. This trip was Phenominal. I was pleasantly surprised throughout the entire stay.Check In - Was a Breeze! Suzie was very friendly and had my room keys in my hands within 5 minutes of my arrival. She offered suggestions and was extremely pleasant.Paradise Cafe - Great Food. Cooked perfectly and tasted Delicious! Staff was friendly and very attentive to my needs! Thanks Marie and Pricien!Pool - Clean, Not Huge, but acceptable for amount of people there. I would have liked for there to be additional wait staff at the Pool, one girl for the whole pool.Spa - Clean. Nice Set up. Jacuzzi and Wet and Dry Saunas in Men and Womens Lockers. Friendly Staff.Valet - Quick and Efficient.Room - Definately ask for Updated Room, but they were very nice and clean.Thanks for changing my impression of this hotel!!!!!	
Jun 22 2009 	The best place to stay in Las Vegas	The Las Vegas Hilton exceeded my expectations. I booked a Premium Room and upon checkin was offered an upgrade of a Resort Club room for and additional $20 per night. As we checked in around midnight they did not charge us for the upgrade for the first night. We stayed a total of 5 nights. They gave us a Strip View room on the 26th floor and the North Tower has 29 floors, so we could not have asked for any more. Resort Club offers you access from 6am to 8pm in the lounge on 24th floor – continental breakfast, lunchtime cookies and evening cheese wine and beer. Lots of other freebies included, local calls, newspaper, bathrobes , etc, etc, etc. Fresh fruit, tea, coffee. Juices, soft drinks and water are available all day - eat in or take out. Room was large, clean and everything worked. Housekeeping were very efficient, front desk was busy but they handled the numbers with a pleasant attitude. The hotel is a far way from the strip, but has its own Monorail Station and a 3 day pass on the Monorail only costs $28 and is a must as each one way ride will cost you $5. Great hotel and NO noise from the strip.	
Jun 22 2009 	NIce Hotel	Booked this hotel trough booking.com with huge discount (from $999 to $199) so it was a great value for the money. The hotel doesn't look much from the outside, but inside is a tipical Hilton, clean, with great rooms. Got an upgraded room for free! Casino is huge but comparing to others on the Strip not really breath taking. Pool looks bigger on photos, nut is ok, mostly visited by kids and middle aged guests. Pool parties are for middle aged too (guy with a guitar, country songs etc). Location is ok, but off the Strip (10 min walk from Riviera hotel). They charge high speed internet $13,99 (hate that). Food: Pizza Hut, and a few low budget and high budget places. Great coffee at Paradise caffe. The smartest thing is to eat at Hilton buffet - great choice of foods for $14.00 + tax (breakfast and lunch) and $17.00 + tax. Sounded expensive to us, but other places in Vegas are even more expensive and don't look that nice.	
Jun 20 2009 	There are better options	This hotel just doesn't feel like a Hilton, but rather a hotel that looks to take your money at every step...so basically Vegas, lol. They a lot charge for everything! ATM fees $5.50, Coffee pot in room: $12, the list goes on and on. Check-in took more than an hour the lines were massive and they were completely understaffed. There was a bumbling staff member who placed people in the lines (VIP or not), but otherwise she just stood by watching the horror show of check-in continue. She should have jumped behind the desk to help the staff, but nope.My confirmation number didn't work when I finally got to the desk, nor did the numbers of anyone traveling in our group. Apparently they gave us some bad info. To make matters worse, our rooms weren't ready. Luggage drop was overfilling with baggage, so I just left my luggage in someone else's room and came back after my first meeting.We never had enough towels in the hotel room, once we never even got washcloths. I've stayed in other Hiltons before and this was really subpar. The furniture was worn and the iron was really bad (yes that was free).There is a monorail station in the hotel, and the city bus stops right in front of the hotel (if you're going to/from the airport, use this option. It costs $1.75, no transfers needed!!). However, I always felt distant from the strip life because it is so far away. Even the strip hotel bus doesn't stop there, which is a minus. Expect to wait a few minutes for the elevators. There are 6 for every 15 floors or so and it always seemed to take a long time, even though nobody was ever in the elevators when I got on.The restaurants in the hotel were good. I dined at Bennihana once and it was great, although pricey. There are better options in Vegas than this hotel.	
Jun 17 2009 	You can do better	I stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton at the end of May, 2009 to attend a conference that was held there.I had read all the reviews on TripAdvisor so I knew to ask for an updated room when I made my reservation. My room was updated and lovely although curiously enough the bathroom did not have any towel racks. However, the air conditioning fan must have been a holdover and was so loud that I had to turn off at night when I went to sleep. On the second night of my stay, two people checked into the room next door. I was appalled when I realized that I could hear EVERY word. I turned the fan back on in the hope that the consistency of the loud hum might overcome the noise from next door and help me to fall asleep.The hotel does have a nice pool area on the 3rd Floor and I did get a terrific massage in their spa.On the other hand, the location of the hotel is poor and it's very far away from the strip.It's not a terrible hotel - if you get an upgraded room; however, if you have a choice of location, I would suggest that you look around and find another hotel.	
Jun 16 2009 	Nice updated rooms but bad service.	The Las Vegas Hilton was alot easier on the eyes once you got into the room. I was so surprised at the updated decor. The only thing was the service was not that great and I wish I would have done more research on the location. I wanted to be where all the action is, but the Hilton is located very far North on the strip. (Totally my fault) We went for happy hour at this little Mexican restaurant inside the hotel and I think the coctail waitress was late, because the bartender was by himself and was in the weeds from the time we got there until we left. The Hilton is ok, but shop around for better hotel deals before booking.	
Jun 15 2009 	The Tipping Monster	We had a very unusually bad experience on tipping. As we were checking out, we called the bell dsk to take our luggage. The bell boy on taking our luggage refused to move from our room waiting for the tip. He just would'nt move from the room with the luggage. Finally he left with the luggage when I tipped him.Waiting for a tip is a huge problem in all US hotels but this was the worst ones.	
Jun 13 2009 	Package Misleading - Beware!	We purchased the Winter Escape Free Stay package when we stayed at the hotel in November. With this package we were able to return in the summer for a free night. The only restriction was &quot;Based on availability&quot;. Summer is here and we have attempted to use our free night twice and were told we could not because there was not availablity. However, there were plenty of rooms available for the dates we requested and rooms were being offered at pretty low rates as well. My husband, who is a Hilton Diamond member, questioned the manager so he did honor one of the nights. We have just attempted to book three more nights for another stay since we had 4 coupons. The hotel is only 55% booked and we want to stay for 4th of July weekend. Mind you there are NO black out dates. We were told by the manager this time that he anticipates the hotel to be booked for the weekend we want to stay so there are no nights available. That's what &quot;Based on availability&quot; means!? But there were rooms available and plenty of them when I called to redeem my coupon. This has escalated to Hilton corporate level. No matter what the outcome, it appears that management reserves the right to change the rules as he sees fit. From reading other reviews it appears that we are not the only ones who have been mislead. There is currently a Summer Splash package being offered similar to the package I purchased. If you stay now, you can come back in November or December and stay free, &quot;Based on availability&quot;. Good luck redeeming your future night. Don't do it! If this is not resolved properly, we will not be returning to this property. There are just way too many other choices.	
Jun 11 2009 	surprisingly good in almost every way	My husband and I stayed at the LV Hilton next to the Convention Center because we were attending a trade show one day of our vacation. We got a fabulous rate: $45 with senior and AAA discounts, and really didn't expect much. Boy, were we pleasantly surprised. I got an accessible room because I use a scooter to get around, and it was lovely. Great bed, large room, even had an empty frig. Everyone was super nice and accomodating about the scooter. Since we're Hilton Honors members, we were given free buffet breakfasts which were perfect: bagels and lox, omelets, fruit-all very fresh. We'd heard that the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood had been voted #1. If so, the voters had never had a good buffet. It was awful except for the Middle Eastern section and the desserts. So we went to the Hilton Buffet the next night and it was really good and much less expensive. It wasn't Paris or Bellagio, but the service was excellent (terrible at Spice Market) and the food was very good and totally fresh. The Casino was nice and not too smoky-I even offered a young guy $1 to move to the other end of a craps table while smoking (he wasn't playing)- and he graciously moved and they actually had penny slots which were just fun to play-and got us free drinks even before we moved on to more serious play. The pool was nice, uncrowded, and they have a really good happy hour from 4-8. My only complaint was the housekeeping wasn't quite up to par (although the room was basically clean, just not vacuumed) and when I mentioned it while checking out, they gave me an upgrade for my next visit. For the record the Peppermill Lounge Bar is a must try. It's like old Vegas, lots of neon, waitresses in ball gowns who sit down with you, dark corners with couches, fireplace fountains, and great old time drinks. Open 24 hours and lots of fun. The restaurant attached to it is OK if you need a late night breakfast or burger. All in all, everything went totally right on this trip. BTW, if you're coming from San Jose, Ca south, look into Allegiant Airlines. Really cheap, although they do put you through hell trying to book a flight. Email me if you need info about that.	
Jun 11 2009 	Not on Par with what your would expect from a Hilton brand name	The Hotel was good, the rooms where clean and acceptable. If you are use to staying at Hilton's in other cities, you might fine this be be a step down from the quality one expects from a Hilton brand. The beds and sheets not as confortable, rooms &amp; furniture a little more worn than a typical Hilton brand.Plus side is the restaurants are great, The Garden of the Dragon was some outstanding Chinese food, some of the best I ever had.	
Jun 10 2009 	They lost my business after 5 years of loyalty	I'm writing this from my LV Hilton room after 4 days of customer service related problems and am really grateful to be checking out tomorrow. I've been a loyal customer to the LV hilton for the last 5 years, staying in a variety of room types and rates for business and pleasure. We had planned on returning late next week for a few days after a trip to LA but we have cancelled our reservation and will stay elsewhere. None of the staff is accountable here, which has made our stay a real bummer. Its just been one thing after another. Here are just a few:I booked with Melissa in casino marketing who sent me email confirmations. When I checked in, the front desk told me my &quot;package&quot; did not include certain features that I was expecting. I finally fished out the email confirmation two days later and when I brought it to Michael's (in marketing) attention they said I had to understand it was a mistake and that I shouldn't just expect those features on a package where I got a 4th night free instead of a 3 night stay with the features. Again, I'm still staring at my email confirmation that lists a 4 night stay with all the features. Hmm?? The rooms was not being cleaned. I'm still staring at the same sunflower seeds, plastic from clothing tags and dust on the carpet and bathroom counter that have been here since Sunday, 4 nights now. Speaking with the front desk got me, &quot;there are no other rooms available in your package rate&quot; Having been a loyal customer who has paid 2 times the current room rate on several occasions in the past, I asked the front desk if a $149 per night room was cleaner. I got no answer, the front desk attendant just continued to smile.Upon check -in the front desk did not take an imprint of my credit card so I couldn't charge anything or activate the in-room safe without having to go down again which I did when I went to inform them about the state of the room. This room is looking a little warn down and the bathtub is horrendous, mold around the caulking and chip enamel, I'll post pictures when I get home. I definately didn't see anything like this last year. Yes, there is a better deal to be had with better customer service around the strip. Don't stay here. They just don't care anymore. And if you do, DO NOT eat at the Buffet. I happened to go eat at TI and the Wynn and have decided to stay there or even South Point. You'll pay more at TI and Wynn but the staff is actually pleasant. South Point even offered to give us a room tour and their pool is gorgeous.	
Jun 9 2009 	Nice place - poor service	Room: Larger than I expected, bed was nice, bathrooms need a major overhaul. Shower head was coming out of the wall, stupidest shower curtain in history (water everywhere was unavoidable). Overall = satisfied for the priceService: Needs help!!! Whoever the operators at this place are, need some training. Called to ask which hotel Dick's Last Resort was at, no one knew. They were unaware of buffett operating hours. When inquiring about pool cabanas, I was told they 'don't have those'...um...yes. Yes, you do. Quite frustrating how evey time I had a question, I couldnt trust the answer I was recieving. The maids even moved some of our stuff around, which I got rather creeped out about. Checking in took forever, at 10pm, and the line was getting longer and longer behind us. Overall = not impressedBuffett: Free Breakfast Buffet (due to summer package deal), $17.99 value. Pretty good. I have to say, our waitress was the best! Wish I got her name, 'cause in a hotel full of people who didnt seem to give a damn, she was amazing! Little, old, curly haired, blonde lady. Overall = good buffet (and mimosas/beer to boot!)Pool: Nice pool. Friendly pool staff. Felt like we were on top of other people the whole time, though. Most of the 2nd patio tier (loungers, couches, umbrellas), and 3rd patio tier (cabanas) were empty, and everyone was crowded on the main patio tier. I know they want to make money, and I get the cabanas, but renting $50 for a lounger? Really? Probably why they were there...empty...alone. Oh well! Overall = good time, but packed like sardinesCasino: It was pretty nice to have 2 separate gambling areas. The space/Star Trek area, and the more traditional casino area. Looooved the sports bar, spent some time on the races Saturday morning immediately after brunch. Smart location! Overall = nice	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Value and Location	This was my second visit to this property. We received an upgraded roonm upon check-in....beautiful elegant decor. Very comfy and quiet. It's a great location for those who do not want to be near the craziness and crowds on the strip. The monorail station picks up right at the hotel and you can take it over to the strip quickly. Being a Hilton Honors Diamond Member, I receive a complimentary buffet breakfast which is fantastic, especially on weekends when they have the champagne brunch. This is the only buffet that I know of that includes free beer and wine with dinner too. Not bad for $20. Also, as a Hilton Diamond member, you receive complimentary valet parking which is a great perk if you have a car. There's a nice happy hour at the pool from 4 to 7 p.m. but it doesn't include frozen drinks which was disappointing. Try the cabana if you're planning on staying in the sun all day. You get 20 free drinks such as soft drinks, juice and/or water with it along with a flat screen tv to watch all day. The attendent brought us ice constantly but you don't really need it since the cabana has a fridge and safe. Casino wasn't packed and I could actually pick out a slot machine to play. I actually won a few dollars. We headed to Ceasars to see Cher's last performance until Sept 2009. Fantastic show however, very pricy even for the cheap seats. You can valet park for free at Ceasars righ by the Colesseum doors if you are going to see the shows. Plan to spend some time after the show as it's crowded once everyone fills into the casino. Tuesday had half price ladies day at the spa. Incentive to book a treatment you might not usually do given how expensive this can be. All in all, well worth the price! Will stay again!	
Jun 1 2009 	Renovated room OK but allocation on arrival means a gamble....do you feel lucky ???	Booked two nights, a KING SUPERIOR STRIP VIEW ROOM / UPDATED FURNISHINGS / Non-Smoking Confirmed - directly through Hilton Honors. Reasons being, despite reading mixed reviews, the website pictures of the updated strip view rooms looked reassuring ( yeah, I know, I fell for that old trick ! ), the monorail would make it easy to get around, and the room rate was reduced from $299 to $169.So we gave it a try.We had driven from San Francisco and didn't arrive at the Las Vegas Hilton until around 9pm.On arrival, the self-park garage was easy to find, and we rolled our wheelie suitcases into the lobby a few minutes after parking.We requested a high-floor room hoping for a good strip view, so was disappointed to hear the clerk say, &quot; we are all out of strip view rooms, your room overlooks the golf course...&quot;. On being presented with my printed out reservation he apologised and said whatever it says on the website, rooms are not allocated until arrival. There was nothing he could do as the hotel was sold out for the evening. When we opened the door to our EAST wing 15th floor room we were dismayed. Firstly, the room smelled badly of smoke, the furnishings, carpets and television were worn out, and there was a dangerous broken tile outside the bathroom. The windows were very dirty, looking as though not cleaned for months.However, the room itself was perfectly clean, so we decided to go back to the lobby to request a move to the room type that we had booked for tomorrow. The gentleman we first dealt with on arrival, had left, instead we dealt with Francisco, he was most apologetic and very helpful, he reserved a high floor, non-smoking, king superior strip view room for the next night. Thank you, Francisco.Next morning we went back to the lobby and explained the situation, on complaining, we were advised to see the concierge desk, they could not do anything about the first night room rate as it was pre-paid, but they reduced the room rate to $99 for the second night. We were happy with this.The room we moved to in the NORTH wing on the 26th floor, was completely what we hoped for. It was obviously updated, had brand new carpets, furniture, television, and bedding. The windows were spotlessly clean, and through them was a superb view of the strip. Fantastic.So to sum up, the staff we dealt with resolving our problem were really good, particularly, Francisco, and the lady in concierge ( sorry, name forgotten ). The monorail, the self-park garage, and if you manage it, a renovated room, were all very satisfactory.However, we were very disappointed that the Las Vegas Hilton does not reserve a room as booked through the Hilton website. This is very misleading, and in truth, we will not stay there again, because of this.If we could confirm the room type we had on the second night, then we would not hesitate to stay at the Las Vegas Hilton next time.We enjoyed our stay otherwise.	
May 31 2009 	One of the nicest Hilton properties I've stayes at!!	I stayed here as a Hilton Honors gold member for Memorial Day weekend. I reserved a classic room strip view and got upgraded to a newly renovated strip view. However, when they say “strip view” they really mean that if you press your head to the window looking all the way to the right you can see the rear of some of the strip hotels in the far distance. Not a big deal though. I just wouldn’t pay extra for it in the future. The room was one of the nicest I’ve stayed in at a Hilton property. Comfy bed, plasma tv, new furnisher, and even an empty fridge! Be warned, however, the in-room safe will cost you $3 a night. They had a table tent explaining this though it was pushed all the way back so it was practically unseeable unless you were looking for it. The front desk was kind enough to adjust this charge off at the end of the stay though. We LOVED the monorail. It was fast, convenient, clean, safe, and kind of fun. It sure beet some of the sleazy cab drivers we got that kept on trying to promote strip clubs and wanted to charge us $20 to go to the Las Vegas strip.The casino itself is not as glitzy as some of the ones on the strip. Nonetheless, it was kind to me in that I came out about $20+ (I am a small gambler so this is great for me!). This is compared to the Ballagio in which it took whatever money I put in the machine. The pool scene was not bad. Drinks were reasonably priced during happy hour and they even had a free raffle at 7pm with small prizes like show tickets and free drinks. The spa and workout room (which is free for elite status guests) was exceptional. It had separate male/female dry sauna, wet sauna, steam room, and Jacuzzis. As a gold member I was also entitled to a free buffet breakfast that was served until 10am. Unfortunately, for a group in their 20’s this was way too early and we never made it.So, in all, I must say that when I saw some of those properties on the strip like the Venetian I kind of wished we would have stayed there. They were absolutely beautiful. Though in the end, for the price we paid, we did well at the Hilton Las Vegas and I would do it again in a heartbeat. TIP: Use the Hilton Team USA promo (do a Google search) to get the best price. It's better than AAA, you still get your points, and works at any Hilton property. We got $79 a night using this on memorial day weekend.	
May 31 2009 	Don't Go To Barry Manilow Show	The Las Vegas Hilton is nice but I was very,. very surprised how bad the Barry Manilow show was last Thursday, May 28th, 2009. The show is billed &quot;Ultimate Mailow, The Hits&quot;and he hardly sang any hits. He sang songs he wrote but were never popular, and I had never heard of. The sound system was terrible and he kept checking something on his belt (I think it had to do with his earpiece to hear himself) to the point of annoying. His backup singers were just ok and the whole stage presence was definitely second-rate. Not something you would expect at $200 a ticket. I looked around at the faces in the crowd during the performance to see what other reactions were and I saw disbelief. If I hadn't been in the third row, I would have tried to escape.	
May 28 2009 	Great location and Clean service not good.....	Stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton for 8 Days for business. The location was great and the rooms very clean. Service is bad called for a new remote for the TV never got it called about a wire hanging from the ceiling never came to fix that either ,but I did call for extra hangers and they we brought up to me within 5 minutes which was very nice. Room service was good on timing as well. The Mexican restaurant and Star Trek place are no longer the mexican restaurant you can still get drinks and have snacks. Service on the casino floor for drinks was the worst the drink person was asked six times to come get drink orders it was a good hour before she came over to get the order and another 1/2 hour before she came back with the drinks by that time I was out of money and was ready to leave. The age of the staff working at this hotel is 50 and over on the casino floorand very slow , I was told because they are union and just don't care because they will not loose their jobs. The staff working the tables were very mean and unfriendly there were a few ( two) that were nice and smiled. Rooms are great but the hotel needs to work on getting their staff to work and smile they need to get some people who will be happy they actually have a job! I'm a very easy going person and I'm in no way a person who complains about service unless it's really bad.	
May 27 2009 	Really terrible.	Bad check in. Downgraded room. Dirty windows. No view- despite paying for a view room. Rude casino staff. Non-draining bathtub. Bad air conditioning in room. Food left in hallways. The only positive was the proximity to the monorail so we could easily get to other properties.	
May 27 2009 	Lackluster and Poor Service	Since my convention was next door at the Las Vegas Convention Center, I decided to stay off the strip at the &quot;convenient&quot; Las Vegas Hilton. I certainly wouldn't have thought that a Hilton property could be so lackluster and have such poor service.I was in one of the more upscale &quot;Resorts Club&quot; room that had been renovated with a plusher look than their standard rooms. The room was nice, although the bathtub didn't drain well and I showered in 4&quot; of standing water each day (despite telling them each day that the water was backing up).The overall feel of the hotel's main level and casino is dated and dingy - especially over on the side where the casino is a Star Trek theme (the Star Trek Experience is permanently closed, which was no big deal to me). Here are some specific issues I had with my Hilton LV experience:1) The two bartenders I used were both rather unapproachable, never smiled, and acted as if I was taking time out of their precious day to serve me a drink. In both cases, they only had two other customers at the counter. Can't say they were overwhelmed at the time. I would expect at least a smile and thank you for a bland bloody mary with double-shot vodka that cost me a whopping $20.50!2) They tout their upgraded concierge service, but found them rather unapproachable as well, didn't smile, and acted as if I was asking quite a lot of them to guide me to the nearest drugstore (such as CVS or Walgreen's). I asked if there was one near the monorail line. Her answer was (in a staunch pained response) &quot;well, the monorail won't drop you off at their front door&quot; - to which I replied that I was aware of that. She said there was a CVS next door to the Wynn. I took a taxi, was dropped off at the Wynn only to be told there was no CVS or any other drugstore nearby. I then walked to the south end of the strip to find the CVS across from the Monte Carlo area. She was blocks, and blocks wrong on the location.3) I found all of their restaurants (which weren't all that impressive to begin with) to be understaffed and provided very poor and slow service. At Hacienda Margarita, I waited for over 20 minutes in the bar to be served. I gave up and got a table in the dining room. It wasn't overly busy, but it took over 15 minutes just to be greeted at my table to place my drink order. It then took no less than 30 minutes to get my drink. My dinner selection took just as long. Drink and dinner took 2 hours for a simple mexican style dinner and one margarita.I have stayed at many, many properties in Las Vegas - both upscale hotels in the heart of the strip and fun, kitschy ones on Freemont. Never have I been given such consistently poor and rude service as I did at the Hilton. I can only assume that the Hilton can get away with such lacking service since they are guaranteed patronage from those in town for events at the convention center. I will definitely not be staying at the Las Vegas Hilton again and don't recommend you do either!	
May 26 2009	So-So	We walked into our room and the pillows on the bed we thrown about. I'm not sure why but it looked sloppy. The bathroom floor had hairs on it - EW! The beds weren't terribly comfy but weren't uncomfortable. The room and hotel was pretty nice overall but definitely nothing special. I was glad we were only staying there for one night (they had a great saturday night rate). It was easy to take the monorail to other parts of the strip.	
May 25 2009 	No concern for guest.	Injured while staying at the Hilton. Slipped on a towel in the bathroom and hit the tub with my head. Security called an ambulance and went to the hospital. Came back to the hotel with a concussion and 5 staples in the back of my head. Spent the next two days in the hotel room ordering room service.No one from the hotel called to see how I was. Where is the concern for someone else.Not impressed with customer service at all. Stayed there on the recommendation of family. Would not stay at the hotel again. Lisa	
May 25 2009 	Nice accomodations	This hotel is clean and the staff is friendly. We got upgraded to a suite which was nice. None of the ice machines on any floors were working-they said due to &quot;remodeling&quot;. We only stayed one evening but it was a good value for the money.	
May 23 2009 	Give it a try	So I was hesitant after reading reviews. But the price was right for the weekend I was attending. 60.00/night. Definite plus: on the monorail. So convenient to get to other hotels along the strip. Check in was smooth. No problems. I was able to check in early. Got in the Hilton Honor line which was shorter than the regular line. They were able to link my friend's reservation with mine- so we got rooms near each other. Not rush feeling being off the strip- so kinda relaxed a bit more when could. Enough dining options. Buffet -for breakfast was very good. Great selection. Worth the price. Everything was fresh. Friends got theirs free through a hotel stay package. Room was decent size and had ample towels and was kept clean. Stay was short. Only problem I had was trying to get the keyboard to work for express check out - so didn't get a receipt emailed. One thing though- if you book through the Hilton website - they don't charge your card ahead of time - and you are billed for the entire stay by LV Hilton. Haven't seen yet my points added for my recent trip -but Hilton said they would add. We will see. Nice hotel, not too big, many dining choices. I liked the hotel and would return if needed. But I do go off location preferred and rates. But I was happy with this hotel for it had a mini refrig too in the room. Which was nice to keep some fruit and beverages in there.	
May 18 2009 	DON'T PAY ATTENTION TO BED BUG INFESTATION COMPLAINTS!	We stayed here 5/15-17/09. NO BED BUG INFESTATION as others have said.They checked us in 7 hours before listed check in time. All employees were extremely heelpful and courteous. Our handicapped room was super &amp; clean. Only prooblem was that the beds were so high. We were upgraded without request of same. Food in buffet was excellent, service great and food was HOT not cold as others have mentioned. Dinner in Steakhouse marvelous! Machines did not pay as we would have liked but then, it is a gamble! Is is a little difficult to find monorail, and all the elevators for use of those in wheelchairs, but employees were extremely helpful with directions. I cannot understand why anyone would say rooms were not clean. Son and his party were upgraded from lowest priced room to a spacious room that you could have a meeting in. It had wet bar, 2 queen beds, full sized dining table, large bathroom etc. etc. Also his room was spotless.	
May 18 2009 	Average 3 Star Value for Vegas	First, the only reason why we stayed at the LV Hilton was that we had visited Vegas last month and wanted to make this new trip a budget trip. By either using your AAA card or Priceline.com, we were able to make this 2 night (Friday &amp; Sat) trip $110 total. Considering that the cheapest place on the strip (3+ star) was coming in at over $300 for that weekend, we decided to go with LV Hilton. We were given the option of a murphy bed which we declined and then were routed to 2 other rooms. Checked for bed bugs, none found. We did notice problems with their sink...leaks in the pipes and bad job sealing the corners of the granite top sink so water would leak to the ground. Called these problems in and were prompted moved to different rooms. Unfortunately, we spent 1 hour 15 mins switching rooms and finally got something we felt was acceptable. The lady at the front desk comped our dinner buffet for our troubles. Overall, we would stay again if we were on another budget trip. The monorail worked well for us on the night we went to the clubs but we did have a rental car which we used for the Fremont Street Experience.	
May 13 2009 	Uninvited Guests // I was Eaten Alive!	Prior to making the reservation, we read the reviews from this site and noticed immediately the review that mentioned a bed-bug infestation. Well, we really wanted to stay here because it seemed to be the best value with decent rooms (according to the pictures) so we called to inquire on their bed bug issue. The hotel staff assured us that it was an &quot;isolated incident&quot; and that their rooms would have been cleaned of any infestation if that were the case. With that, we decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and book a stay. BAD DECISION! We stayed from 05/07/09 through 05/11/09. By the end of our stay, I had little bug bites ALL OVER my torso area. I am still scratching and will be visiting a dermatologist tomorrow to confirm that I was bitten by these unwelcome little guests. Gross! I do plan on fighting this with the hotel management and hope to come to a conclusion that is reasonable for all parties involved. When I initially called to complain about this issue, I was bounced around until I was finally connected to SECURITY. I dont know why they dispatched me to security - unless they planned on arresting the bed bugs for assault - as I thought this would be an issue best handled by their management staff. Strangely, the security personnel was the most cordial of all the people that I spoke with. Roberta at the front desk was extremely apathetic and the hotel manager was as well. He was the one who transferred my call to the security office. I was finally put through to their risk managment lady who advised me to see a doctor and then call them back which I will be doing tomorrow... Now with all that being said, I still have to say that overall, the hotel was alright. The location was decent considering that there's a monorail station at the hotel. This makes for a convenient and short ride to the strip. We were in a renovated room which was good although you could tell that the renovation was quicky job. We had a great time in Vegas but the room was not included in the highlight reel...	
May 12 2009 	Not bad but not great either	I was here for a conference. It's a huge hotel for sure.....it took about 10 minutes to get from the room to the conference ballroom. There is a lot of cheese here (Barry Mantilow wine anyone?), but it's fairly nice. The breakfast buffet was good. I did notice that the Benehana there is about 50% higher priced than every other Benehana I've been in.One thing that really irked me was no coffee maker in the room. Are you serious? Every hotel room I've stayed in over the past 10 years has had a coffee machine. So, you have to hike downstairs and get a $3 cup of joe. And $15 for the gym by the way.Otherwise, the hotel is OK, but not in the greatest location (unless you're at a convention at the convention center, which is right beside the Hilton). Overall, slightly above average.	
May 10 2009 	Charged the premium rate but silently downgraded the room. Sneaky!	(Late 20s male on business trip) Stayed at the LVH because my conference was taking place there. I needed a room with two beds and had booked two-person reservation in a &quot;Grand&quot; room over the internet (an upgrade from the regular &quot;Deluxe&quot; room), but it wasn't clear if it came with two beds or not so I called to confirm. They confirmed that we had indeed booked a two bed Grand room. The day we checked in, the clerk must have seen the note that I called and confirmed with me that I needed two beds. I said yes, I booked a Grand room with two beds. He excused himself for a minute and went into the back, and then came back and said everything was in order and gave me my keys. What had actually happened was that they didn't have a Grand room with two beds, so they silently downgraded us to a Deluxe room, but didn't discount our rate. Seeing as we were staying there for a week, that would have cost us $210 more! Once we realized what had happened, we called down to complain and they begrudgingly discounted our rate for us, and told us that if we wanted a Grand room we'd have to call every day to check. What awful customer service! I called back and got someone more reasonable who scheduled us for a room change the next day to a Grand room, and also offered us the Deluxe room rate for the duration of the stay. This should have been offered right off the bat, I shouldn't have had to spend an hour calling people.The rest of the stay was average and uneventful, but this initial deception really made an impression on me and I wouldn't stay there again.	
May 10 2009 	Nice room but a bit out of the way	Having never been to Las Vegas before I didn't realise how big the blocks are to walk, and coming from a country where our currency is worth half that of the US$ buying food in the Hilton was out of the question so we found ourselves having to walk a lot to get a better and cheaper selection. The Monorail is pretty expensive, and doesn't go to where we wanted to go so that was not an option. So the location wasn't exactly ideal for us.However, we got upgraded to bigger room upon check in, we checked in around midnight and there were no queues to wait in, so that was a big plus. Our room was huge, the bed was huge too, and VERY comfortable (matress and pillows). The room had a big flat screen TV which was good. The bathroom is pretty small compared to the size of the room, but that's not a big deal. I had two issues with the room - the walls between each room must be pretty thin because we could hear the guy in the room next door clearly talking on his phone, and secondly there was a loud &quot;clunk&quot; every 10 minutes or so coming from the intake vent of the Air/Con which would keep me awake at night, unless the Air/Con was on to drown out the sound of the &quot;clunk&quot;......that's all.The hotel itself was clean enough, there are signs of wear in the rooms but nothing major. Given the hot price we paid we were happy enough with the overall value, so long as we didn't eat or drink there, which we didn't do once. The other thing that gets me with &quot;chain&quot; hotels like this, they have WiFi but make you pay an arm and a leg for it, and I refuse out of principal.	
May 7 2009 	Stay somewhere else	I stayed here for a week while my partner was attending a conference -- we only chose this hotel because the conference was located here. If I could do it again, I would definitely NOT choose to stay at the Hilton.Upon checking in, we were silently downgraded from the room that we had booked. This was not mentioned at all, and it wasn't until we got to the room that we realized we were given a smaller/inferior room. I find it kind of insulting that the Hilton figured we wouldn't notice and pay the regular room rate. Several calls to the front desk provided no real solution, but we were eventually told we could have the room that we originally booked the following day. At around 5pm the next day, the room was finally ready and we moved. (Of course, they were &quot;too busy&quot; to send someone up to move our luggage.)The room was fine, but it was pretty worn at the edges. The whole hotel seems like they aren't putting much effort into keeping it up.A request to the front desk one night for ear plugs proved fruitless -- my parter was transferred to several different people before he hung up in frustration. (How hard can it be to get ear plugs in a hotel?)Eating in the hotel was a depressing experience. The Paradise Cafe is run down and sad-looking and the sushi restaurant had some of the most mediocre sushi I've ever eaten.I don't think that the Hilton was worth it at all. It was just a generally unpleasant stay. Spend a couple more dollars a night and stay on the strip in a nicer hotel. Stay away from the Hilton!	
May 5 2009 	Amazing values when Convention Center is slow	My husband and I (ages 40 and 43) drive from Pasadena to Vegas two to four times a year. Our favorite places are Bellagio when we're splurging and MGM when we're up for some serious swimming pool time. But sometimes, we're all about value. That's when we usually find ourselves at the Hilton. This weekend, we'll stay there for the fourth time (we nabbed a great rate for it was a perfect little weekend getaway).The LV Hilton is clean, comfortable and pleasant. And I like the pool area. LV Hilton is nowhere near as posh as Bellagio, theHotel at Mandalay, MGM, or Mirage -- all of which we've stayed at. And the location is not as good. But I'd take LV Hilton any day over Bally's, Monte Carlo (pre-renovation. I haven't seen it lately), Flamingo, Sahara, or Excalibur. If you go at just the right time (i.e. nothing major going on at the Las Vegas Convention Center), or if you get lucky, you can find crazy-good deals here. The tradeoff is that you're off the Strip. You can jump on the tram for easy access to the Strip, but I find the tram to be a little overpriced -- rivaling the price of a cab. (We usually have our car, so we don't take the tram much.)This Hilton has large comfortable rooms, an atmosphere that's a little luxurious but also a little cheesy, a decent pool, pretty-good-but-not-great dining, and pleasant staff. If LV Hilton has the same rates as Luxor, New York-New York, Paris, MGM, TI, or Ceasars, DON'T choose the Hilton -- stay at one of those properties. But never choose Sahara, Excalibur, Flamingo or another three-star property over the Hilton. Those places all have a grungy, not-too-clean feel, whereas the Hilton feels clean and more upscale.If you're looking to splurge on a little luxury, this is NOT the place. But if you're looking for value, seriously great deals can be found here if you hit it at just the right time.	
May 5 2009 	Disgusting bed bug infestation!!!!!!!!!!!!	I am a Hiton member and this was the first time at the Hilton Las Vegas location, simply because I prefer newer hotels. The second night we noticed these disgusting bed bugs crawling all over the bed, wall, closet, and furniture. I was bitten all over my back, face, and arms. I will NEVER stay at this hotel. The customer service was also horrible about the entire situation. It's true what they say, &quot;You get what you pay for&quot;.	
May 5 2009 	Pathetic Service	Okay lets be honest here. The hotel itself is better than the one star I have rated it. Its a little off the strip, some of the rooms are a bit tired, the buffet is a little sparce compared to some others, but overall, its probably worth a three.The reason for my low rating SERVICE. We stayed for a week and the Spa never worked. Whilst we tried to relax by the pool, we heard banging, drilling, hammering etc - not nice. But the main thing is the pathetic attitude of Hilton in responding to our complaint. This is how it went.............I email Hilton customer service with complaint, they email me back to say how sorry they are and will be in touch soon, when they have contacted hotel for more details. Days follow and no response so I email Hilton, who send an email saying they are very sorry and will respond within 48 hours. Days follow and no response. I email Hilton to ask whats happening and this time they dont even bother with a response. Great eh. My advice.........price is ok, but if you are looking in this price bracket, try The Orleans, nicer rooms, things work and they do seem to give a dam	
Apr 30 2009 	Fine but far from heart of Strip	We chose the Hilton because the business events were taking place inside and we wanted to be close to them. But this was our first time in Vegas, so the trade off was we were far from the most interesting casinos on the strip. Being without a car meant taking cabs and the Monorail a lot. The Monorail stops right at the hotel and is convenient. But at $5 for a one-ride ticket, it's only cheaper than a cab for groups of 1-2 people. (A ride to a mid-strip casino usually ran around $12-13).As for the hotel, rooms were great. We stayed at the second cheapest option available in the North tower. New renovation was evident. Service was hit and miss. Long, slow lines to check in, and long waits for someone to pick up the phone and answer questions. Late one night both of our keycards malfunctioned. That meant retracing the long trip from the room to the front desk (20 floors and a walk across the massive wing) to get new keys. The desk told us they've had computer problems lately and that was happening a lot.Buffet there is great, especially ample on weekends with endless champagne. Make sure they give you some free passes to it when you make reservations. Pool is large by normal standards, but small compared to the lavish pools at other newer Strip hotels. Casino has an old Vegas feel, and includes $5 blackjack tables, which aren't easy to find in big casinos elsewhere. We didn't try the restaurants in the Hilton but did get good service at the bars. The famed Hilton sportsbook is as massive as billed. Fun just to watch a game, no one cares if you are betting or not. The sportsbook staff is friendly and accessible, helpful to amateur betters and knowledgeable for pros.I'd stay again if we got another great deal, or if a conference was there. But for a fun trip I'd opt for something in the Mid-Strip.	
Apr 28 2009 	VERY NICE and WORTH the $	This hotel had a great location...next to the subway so that you can venture out to visit other hotels. The hotel was very very nice ....the rooms were a bit dark but they were not bad at all. In fact the bathrooms were small but updated. Please do not forget ...the rooms are dark!!!! Even with the lights on. The conference rooms were a nice size but always cold and the resturants were in variety. The service in the hotel was ok because it is so large. Additionally, there was a lot of discount GOOD and quick resturants in the hotel to choose from based on your taste. It's a little off the strip but as stated the subway is right there...	
Apr 27 2009 	Hilton VIP not a fan of this place	I'm a Hilton Diamond VIP, and this is the ONLY reason I stay at this hotel to get the points. I got an OK rate, make sure you get a room in the North Tower as they are renovated. these rooms are like any Hilton around. The front desk people suck. As a Diamond VIP u can check in at the VIP Lounge. They might get you a better room. Also D-VIPS get free breakfast buffet and 2 waters, MAKE SURE they do not charge you the $8 for the water. The room was ok, but you can tell the cleaning was done quick. The Breakfast is very nice, and on Sat and Sun it has a ton of Brunch items.. It was very nice.. The location is OK, but not on the strip. Some of the staff need to be fired. Over all not bad, but could and should be a lot better. As a Diamond you need to ASK for everything... Too me i got the feeling they are forced by Hilton to &quot;DEAL&quot; with VIPS..	
Apr 26 2009 	A cut above the rest on all fronts!	Thoroughly professional and ethical....Many choices for restaurants, services exemplary, quality unmatched......	
Apr 26 2009 	Las Vegas Retreat	Easy check in facility with nearby parking and convenient self parking. We are Hilton gold members and were treated very well at reception and were given a room upgrade and numerous vouchers. When we entered our room we were extremely pleased as it was spacious, with several areas to the room, including a TV sitting area. The bed was comfortable, albeit the bathroom was quite small but totally adequate and well presented. The hotel is convenient to the strip as it is on the mono rail link, but it is quite pleasant to retreat back to the Hilton away from the strip. The Hilton has a large casino with slot machines and tables to suit all pockets. We used the buffet and the cafe at the hotel and both offered excellent food, more than we could eat, accompanied by good service. First impressions of the pool were busy, but once we had seen other hotels we realised that the Hilton was quite tranquil. Our only criticism of this hotel was that room service trays seemed to be in the corridors a long time before collection. We have stayed in many of the Vegas hotels located on the strip, but this Hilton exceeds all previous hotels and we highly recommend it and will return again.	
Apr 24 2009 	Good experience -- More like a real Hilton vs. a Casino Hotel	The Hilton chain influence, plus the fact that this is the closest hotel to the convention center, give this hotel an urban-resort vibe that is more than just rooms-on-top-of-a-casino. Used all kinds of services, liked them all. Pool was good but absolutely deserted. Met people at coffee shop -- good food, and they let us have a long meeting at our table. Even got a haircut -- better than I get at home, but it was pricey - $50. I liked the small Asian restaurant that was buried in the casino -- got attentive service even though I'm no Chinese high-roller.Rooms were big, and nice but nothing over-the-top like you would find in newer places in Vegas. Overall, a solidly good place.	
Apr 24 2009 	Decent option and easy to get around with monorail access	Stayed for 4 nights. Got a fantastic rate using hotels.com which included a free night and $25 promotional chip. Room was the basic classic type. The room was very big and in decent condition although the decor was fading. Big new flatscreen TV. Reasonable view of the North Strip although someone really needs to clean the windows! The bathroom was very small, so small that the sink was in the room! Quite why the room was so large and bathroom so small was a mystery to me. The bathroom is in need of a remodel which is one of the reasons I got such a great rate. I am sure this is on their list.The hotel swimming pool area is large with loads of space and loungers. Casino was generally quiet...didnt really gamble here but used the monorail to head to my favourite places. The monorail is very useful as it is murder to walk anywhere on the strip even short distances. Late at night you may have to get a taxi back from the strip if the monorail is down. I walked it once very late at night and it was the most peaceful time my whole trip!There is a bit of &quot;nickel and diming&quot; going on ($3 safe charge as a example). The food options looked OK although I only tried the coffee bar and the sportsbook Deli which were both fine if not particularly cheap. Room service was average.Overall, pretty happy for the price.	
Apr 20 2009 	Nice hotel	I tagged along with hubby on a work trip. We got there about 6pm on a Tuesday &amp; their computers were down so they gave us a drink ticket, told us to check our bags &amp; try back in about an hour.$99 a nite , which they said was upgraded, with robes, access to lounge, free safe (otherwise $3 a nite), free internet etc. Room 24117 had a view over the golf course, houses &amp; mountains. No complaints. Very comfortable beds with abundance of pillows. Bathroom had separate shampoo &amp; conditioner ( a big plus) &amp; lotion.The lounge (on the same floor) was open from 6am to 8pm with soft drinks, water &amp; juice always available &amp; some kind of snack (fruit, nuts, cookies, cheese). Continental breakfast with cereal, danish, muffins etc, each morning. From 6-8pm, beer &amp; wine were available. I took full advantage of the lounge. The Hilton is a monorail stop which is good because it's not really close to anything else. I walked to the Riveria one day &amp; it was more of a hike than I thought it would be. You definitely need some mode of transportation if you want to leave the hotel. Gambling was brutal to me here. I didn't win on anything. Video Poker, Slots, Roulette &amp; Ultimate Texas Hold Em all took my money.Friday-Check out was noon &amp; hubby had training til 5pm so we checked our bags again. Laptop had to be put in a safety deposit box. Both services were quick &amp; efficient both at check in &amp; pick up.I would stay here again (but not gamble).	
Apr 19 2009 	Great and Not So Great	e just had an OUTSTANDING stay at the Hilton. The on-line pics .. quite accurate. Our 2 bedroom suite was exactly as shown. Clean. Just terrific. We'd stay there again in a heartbeat! Great weather helps too :) But, I suggest you DON'T use GrayLine to transport you from McCarran to 'the strip'. We were TAKEN .. well, actually NOT TAKEN. They failed to pick us up AND refuse to return our prepaid transport fee. Great company, eh? HILTON: OUTSTANDING. GRAYLINE: DISASTER.	
Apr 14 2009 	Good not great	I took my son to Vegas for a boys weekend. We were there on Friday &amp; Saturday nights. The Hilton was nice. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. The monorail station was right outside and offered access to the rest of the strip (We got 24 hr passes for $13 each). As far as the action downstairs, it seemed quiet compared to the casinos down the strip. Overall I think it was a good value and I would stay here again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Wondering why so many bad reviews....	I read the seemingly unending string of bad reviews on this site and was very concerned about staying here. However, the convention I was attending was in the hotel and I was able to book a room Sun - Thur for $60 a night (purchased on expedia as combo air/hotel). Expecting a horrible time, I was pleasantly surprised from the time I checked in until I checked out. I had a King Size Premium room on the 21st floor in the South Tower. The room was nicely sized (it wasn't huge but I didn't feel cramped either) with a view of the golf course. Bathroom was a little on the small size but nicely appointed. I loved their premium pillow topped bed and linens. My only issue with this hotel room is that the walls are super thin. On my first night there, my neighbor had his tv on until 1 in the morning - When I could no longer take it, I knocked on the door and asked him to turn it down which he did. Throughout my stay, I could also hear the occasional cough from my other neighbor. Other than that, I thought the room was very nice and good value at $60/night.As I was attending a work convention and was pretty much busy from morning to night, I am unable to comment about anything else in the hotel except catering services. As part of my convention, we were served two lunches and two dinner - All except the first nights dinner was good. The first night we were served horribly overdried food - really unedible and those at my two tables ended up going out for real food later that evening. All other catering services were excellent though. Their business center left a lot to be desired. The staff was quite rude. I explained that I needed a package sent FedEx and the gentleman on duty told me that he was not able to help me as the FedEx man had already come and gone. When I inquired if there was another FedEx center near by or if a special pick up could be arranged he simply said that was none of his business! How rude. The next day I needed stamps and he charged me the fee, ran my card (I needed a LOT of stamps) and THEN told me they only had two left and wouldn't get another delivery until that afternoon. I then had to wait while he reversed the charges (which he didn't know how to do and had to phone a manager). In addition, the business center had odd hours so it wasn't exactly the best business center I've ever used. Our convention will be held there again next year and as long as I can get a good rate, I will definately stay at the LV Hilton again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Below my Expectations for the Brand	I picked this hotel as it was close enough to another hotel where a friend of mine was attending a convention. I expected this international brand to have good standards, but was disappointed. The &quot;Classic Room&quot; I booked over the internet was awful - like a room back in the 70s, old carpeting, drapes and plumbing in the shower was dripping. I went back down to ask for a better room. Had to pay USD50 for an upgrade to a Club Room, which was supposed to be newly-renovated. It was better, but obviously they didn't bother to upgrade the plumbing. The leaky shower was still there. The Spa also needs and upgrade - the place is old, but I had a competent massage there. The whole hotel is old and worn down. Staff (Reception/ Food outlets) are mostly not happy or friendly. Only the staff working in the Club Room Lounge was friendly. The Japanese food is not at all authentic or tasty. I only found the Buffet food acceptable, but that was because it brought back memories of dorm food (college days). I would have been better off with a hotel on the Strip.	
Apr 12 2009 	Nice room but prepare to be nickel and dimed for extras.	PLUSES:-Renovated room was tastefully decorated and had super comfy pillow-top bed.-Oval soaking tub was a nice plus.-Monorail access (but at $28 for three-day pass, its not cheap)-Spa was very nice and included locker, towels, sandals, toiletries, the works.-Nice staff overall.-You can quickly get here for $1.75 from the airport by taking the 108-Paradise bus.MINUSES:-It is enormous and not charming at all.-$4.00 for a coffee downstairs at the coffee shop, after waiting in a long line.-No in room coffee, $4.00 bottled water, outrageous room service prices.-Bartender service in the casino was so-so. Some good, but some bartenders neither friendly nor attentive.-Very little in the way of cheap or late night dining (pizza hut closes at 11. I called a different pizza place and the manager said they get in trouble if they try to deliver to the hilton).-Spa is $20/person/day unless you are silver level in hilton's rewards program!-The gym is part of the spa, so no gym unless you buy into the spa.-High-speed internet is $14.00 per day!-It is a LONG walk to the strip - only one block, but the biggest, ugliest block you've ever walked.	
Apr 6 2009 	Horrible	I had my expensive jewelry stolen from my hand luggage while it was in the possession of the Bell captain. Informed the hotel, and was sent a letter telling me that they did not find it. The letter was written THE DAY BEFORE they called me to verify who I was on their hotel videos and told me that they were looking into it. Felt like they sent the letter without doing a thorough investigation. The staff showed no sympathy or regret for my loss. Plan on pursuing this further. The bathroom liked like it was never cleaned, and the shower dripped constantly. The toilet overflowed in my friend's room, and they had to be moved. No consideration given to me for staying at hotel for the last six years for that conference. Informed the conference about this. In this world of wireless, internet service is not free. Should be for the price we pay.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great location; mediocre hotel	This hotel has great access to the LV Convention center, which is one of it's best features and is also one of it's greatest downfalls. I believe that they see a large amount of traffic due to the close proximity to this business center, however they don't feel the need to really ramp up the service to compete with other Hotels in the area. They are conveniently located close to the Rail service which can wisk you away to almost any other casino/hotel on the strip pretty cheaply and quickly; I recommend you do just that if you're looking for any sites of the strip. The room itself was clean and well cleaned, meeting expectations. The pay-for-internet was a huge disappointment, however I knew about it ahead of time and used my BlackBerry as a wireless modem. The food at the Hotel restaurants were extremely delicious and had great service. Overall not a great hotel/casino, but definitely not a bad experience.	
Apr 2 2009 	Not up to Hilton Standards	The rooms were ok, but bathroom very small, tub cracked and dirty looking, carpeting needed cleaning badly. Friends room wasn't even cleaned upon late arrival. Very disappointed in casino &quot;service&quot; (mostly lack of), but front desk staff generally kind, friendly and helpful. Quark's bar and the Star Trek Experience is gone - about the only attraction going for the place! Unlikely to stay there again.	
Apr 1 2009 	Hilton was a good value - 3 1/2 stars	I saw a lot of bad reviews for this hotel so I was a little concerned, but for $60/night Saturday/Sunday, I was willing to take a chance. I had no problems at check-in. Identified myself as an HH member and the desk clerk said she had upgraded me (don't know if that's really true or not). Our room was in the North Tower. The room was good - nice furnishings, not worn. Linens were nice, all the towels were thick and looked newer. Room had a refrigerator, and the clock was also a CD/MP3 player for music in the room. Bathroom had plenty of counter and storage space, and the shower was a garden-style tub with curved curtain bar. Lots of drawer space, and the room, while not huge, did not feel cramped. Negatives: walls are thin, so you hear your neighbors, and the hotel charges for use of the room safe ($3/day). Like most Vegas hotels, there is also a charge for internet access. The hotel is off the Strip and Paradise Rd has a lot of construction going on right now, so getting to other locations can involve a lot of traffic. I liked the casino, although I don't care for the changes to the Sports Book. The Hilton had plenty of $5 tables during the day and Sunday evening (higher on Saturday night).I did not go to the pool or use the spa.This isn't where the &quot;beautiful people&quot; stay or play, but it was a good value. I would stay here again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Elvis Slept Here	Arrived around 7pm on Saturday 21st March and after a very short wait were in our room. The front desk staff were very helpful and happy, which was a nice change from some encountered on this trip. The room itself was very good, roomy with a large bathroom. This is a very good hotel. The casino is smallish, but had a good &quot;feel&quot; to it. Make sure you go to the restrooms in the old Star Trek area, they are a bit different. The location is a little out of the way, and Paradise Road is out the front, which never seems to not have a traffic jam on it. But the rooms and pool area and the finish to property overall, makes up for these minor issues.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great ambience and friendly service.	The Hilton is in a good location, one block from the strip, so it's a little more low-key than other Las Vegas strip hotels. The choice of restaurants and casinos in the hotel are perfect. The spa and pool are excellent.	
Mar 28 2009 	Excellent very relaxing	Very clean. Comfortable beds, nice spa, nice buffet. Nice location, close enough to get to the action quickly, but far enough away to feel like a quiet relaxtion vacation. They had the most comfortable hotel beds i have ever slept on. The spa was very nice. Parking was very convenient. I would definitely go back to the Hilton.	
Mar 27 2009 	Nice room but far from strip	For 55.00 a night, we had a lovely room in the North Tower. Showers blasted hot water. I think its a bummer that the fitness room costs extra--guess they want you out there gambling. The only disappointment was the distance from the strip, although it really was nice in the monorail.	
Mar 27 2009 	Nice place to stay	I stayed here for a conference. I had a king room in the north tower. Room: The beds are so comfortable and the room was nice. But the bathroom looked like something from the early 1980's. Water often warm-ish.Amenities: fitness center was great; they need more than one coffee shop open, restaurants were wonderful, casino was fine. Of course, the full Hilton's make you pay for everything. Internet, exercise, no free coffee in the room.I liked being off-strip but close enough to shopping. The monorail comes straight to this hotel.I paid advance purchase 56.00 per night so got a great deal for the price.	
Mar 25 2009 	Worst customer service at any hotel I've ever stayed in . . . 	I'm a Hilton Diamond VIP, not that that actually matters, but let's just say that I used to stay at Hilton's a lot. After this past week, I'm going to seriously reconsider that decision! The rooms are some what clean, the non-smoking room wreaked of smoke (as does the entire hotel) but it's Vegas, so no biggie there, kind of expected that you're going to have the 2nd hand issues. The shower lever &quot;fell&quot; all the way over to scorching instead of holding itself in place, so applying soap was a comedy of errors like something out of a Pink Panther episode as you hold the handle over warm, quickly apply soap as the water goes to nuclear hot instantly, and then your rush to put the handle back to warm. It was the funnier part of our stay there. This is just an old, out dated hotel that is probably ready for demolition if they had half a brain and decided to start competing with the rest of the Vegas hotels. Goddy, brass everywhere and just felt like an old casino for older people. Now, onto the staff. I learned later on that the waitresses are union members and from the looks of them, they are the &quot;original teamsters&quot; from the 40's. Just NASTY! Old, saggy, decrepid, angry women that really had no business serving the public. Complete lack of courtesy &amp; slower than they were old. Just terrible. I realize again that this is Vegas, but come on. Waiting an hour for a waitress at a table is a little much. I shutter to think of what would happened had I been at a slot or video poker machine. On one occassion we actually asked the pit boss four times to send the waitress over, he also couldn't have cared less if we wanted anything. He should have, all 6 guys dropped 1k at the casino that night, you would think they would notice this.The buffett wasn't all that, I even got mine free with my Diamond membership, which of course they don't tell you at check in, you're supposed to just know these things. Even being free the 2nd day, it was barely worth the money if that tells you anything.I will say that the Porters were hands down some of the best in Vegas and they had everything wired. I can only assume from years of practice of watching their customers leave in droves. All in all, unbelievably terrible service &amp; experience here, and I highly doubt that I'll stay here ever again.	
Mar 23 2009 	Run down rooms do not stay near the elevator!	Stayed at the Hilton several times, most recently March 13-16 2009. Last year we were able to get rooms in the north tower, and they were decent. This year, we got rooms in the central tower, and the only King room left was one right next to the elevator. The rooms showed a lot of wear and tear. Bed didn't seem as comfy as the north tower either. There were black bird feathers on the comforter, and they weren't goose down feathers! The bathroom was not super clean, and there were several times that I couldn't get any hot water. The dresser with the TV on it was crooked - it listed to the left, so watching TV was interesting. Luckily I wasn't in my room a whole lot, because I had other things going on. But when I was in the room, it was exactly as another poster described it - it was like being in a wind tunnel. I thought it sounded more like space mountain at disneyland, with a few chirping birds thrown in when the elevators got past certain floors. It was NOISY!! So if you have any kind of objections to noise like that, I would stay away from any room next to the elevator. The buffet was OK, we got free passes with our room deal. I am not sure I would pay to eat there, the food was mediocre. My advice is to ask for the North tower if possible. The rooms seemed renovated a little better in that tower. I didn't get to see the east tower, so I have no idea how the rooms are there. If you can get a good deal on the room, it is a good place to stay because it is next to the convention center, and the monorail.	
Mar 23 2009 	Don't waste your time or money.	To sum it up- rude non-responsive staff and management.But to be fair, the buffet was good and the wait staff were attentive. The room was decently appointed- although the window was really dirty and the bathroom could have used some TLC. The monorail is very easy to get to and use at this property- which allowed us to escape this nasty place. And that's all the good there is.The front desk staff was surly (no- actually just plain mean)and our room types were not honored. Management did a pretty crummy job responding- the rooms stayed wrong and our other concerns were completely ignored. The casino staff was below par in the frinedliness department. It just wasn't a nice experience- you know when you walk in somewhere and it's apparent that the staff really can't stand their jobs and could care less about the customer or repeat business- that was this hotel. The management and customer service response (or lack there of) really surprised me. We were given a letter when we checked in saying we could contact management if we needed anything. Of course, when we called the number we just got the front desk and were put on hold. After doing this twice and spending more than 10 minutes on hold we gave up calling. I also sent an e-mail and called the hotel customer service department after leaving and it was clear nobody cared.I'm sure there are probably crummier hotel in Las Vegas, but you probably pay less and know what you're getting going in. This hotel was definately not like other Hiltons I've stayed at.Next time we will spend our time and money at a hotel more conveniently located and hopefully with better service. If I had to stay more than two nights here I would have checked out earlier and taken a chance somewhere else.There are so many hotels in this area- do yourself a favor and pick a different one!	
Mar 21 2009 	Good value hotel	The package that was offered through the Las Vegas Hilton hotel's website was VERY reasonably priced. I looked at about a dozen hotels near the Strip, and only the Imperial Palace had a cheaper room rate than the Hilton's offer. And they gave me an extra large room (it was nearly as large as a suite)! It was at the very end of one wing, directly under the Barry Manilow poster; perhaps you can try asking for one of those rooms. I'm sure I wasn't charged extra for it.The furnishings, service, and cleanliness were in line with what I would grade a 3 1/2 star hotel. Because of the great value and the direct stop on the monorail line (convenient and inexpensive if you get a 3-day rate), I'm overall giving the hotel a &quot;5&quot; rating. The carpet did have a mild, ground-in stain on it.I had meals in the buffet restaurant and the deli-style restaurant next to the sports book. Both were okay (nothing special, not bad either). The casino is average to above-average for the Strip.Trivia note: Did you know that this hotel was featured prominently in the James Bond film &quot;Diamonds are Forever&quot;? It's called the &quot;Whyte House&quot; in the film, and it had opened as the &quot;International Hotel&quot; just a couple years before filming. Also, Elvis lived in the penthouse suite during his Vegas years.	
Mar 20 2009 	Affordable hotel near the strip not fancy but nice	If you are looking for a clean, nice hotel hear the strip the Hilton is great. If you have a car, even better because you can park free and drive to the Strip. Otherwise it is about a 10 min walk to the Venetian. The monorail is there, but too expensive in my opinion. The rooms were clean. Perhaps a bit simple. But the room we had was HUGE. We could have fit a big family in there. Bathroom is outdated but functional. We only paid $59 a night so it was an amazing deal.Hint - sign up online for a free Hiltons member #. Then you can get in a special VIP line when you check in. Saved us a lot of time.	
Mar 19 2009 	It really is bad - just look at my pictures!	This really is a very run-down Hilton. When I checked in, they offered me TWO different options of &quot;upgrading&quot; my room...that should give you a clue. The bathroom was one of the worst I've seen...with big areas of chipped plaster in the tub, the shower head was hanging out from the shower wall, and there were large stained areas in the tile. I should have changed rooms, but I really had no time to during my conference. Upon checking out, I was asked &quot;How was your stay?&quot;...when my response was &quot;Actually, it was just okay&quot;, the lady just looked annoyed and didn't say another word....why ask if you really don't want to know? Even worse when I sent an e-mail about how bad it was, the manager's response was to offer me an upgrade at a future stay there (&quot;subject to availability and good for one year&quot;) ---how ridiculous is that ???? If it was such a lousy hotel, what makes them think I'd stay there again?? No way - avoid this hotel--there are much better ones in Las Vegas	
Mar 15 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	Checked in very late on a Saturday evening and had a very quick check-in service and a very nice room. The room was on the 13th floor and was very large. The only complaint was with the shower, the shower head is very low and had to bend to get my head under the water (and I'm not tall, only 5 ft 10). The room was very quiet except on one particularly windy evening.The hotel is not on the strip. It is about a 15 minute walk (but then I had my father in his 60's with a bad knee) to the strip. The hotel is attached to a station on the Monorail which travels much of the strip. The casino is much smaller than many of the other casinos, but still very nice. The dealers and waitresses were very nice and I did win there (always a plus).	
Mar 14 2009 	Dont Stay Here!!! Please Believe All The Negative Reviews!	I went with a friend on a business trip and it was HORRIBLE!!! They had to switch our rooms 3 times. We had to take cold showers because of no hot water!! We found used towels in the first room, used tampons in the second room, the air condition didn't work....this list goes on!!! I was bitten by a bed bug or something!!! They kept apologizing and finally put us in a nice room, but was the carpet in the rooms are old and dirty and so are the windows. This hotel is away from everything....good thing the monorail is located right by the hotel, if it wasn't for that......this hotel would be boring as watching grass grow!!!! I wouldn't ever stay here again. The people who enjoyed it must have had the penthouse suite...because anthing below that is a HOT MESS!!!!!!!	
Mar 9 2009 	Bad bad bad! Another Diamond member jilted by this property.	I hate to be a hater, but this stay was absolutely ridiculous. Suffice it to say that the rude registration employee ruined the stay from the get go. First of all, I had my reservation in writing several months out. The hotel did not even try to honor that reservation. The employee at the front desk tried to trick me into taking a downgraded room, without even explaining why. As a Diamond member I am supposed to get complimentary upgrades, if available, not downgrades just because the hotel staff feels like it. Nobody should be treated that way, even if they only travel once a decade. I don't expect an upgrade, but I do expect the room and rate that I have reserved and I do expect a hotel employee to give me at least as much respect as I show to him or her.In the end, the snarky employee almost gleefully told me that the hotel was at 100% capacity (that was a lie- I confirmed with Hilton online after getting to my room), and that guests seeing the popular performer in town for the weekend took precedence and that my disappointment was &quot;just too bad because that's just how it was&quot;. I had reserved (and paid for) a king room with a view. I ended up with a double bed room with no view- and they didn't even have the decency to lower the rate to that associated with the room type. The real kicker really was the horrible attitude of that registration staff member. What a way to start a weekend away.Now there was some good- there room was updated, the monorail station was convenient, and the food we had there was fine.There were also more negatives- the temperature control did not work and the room was warm and stuffy the whole time, the water did not drain properly out of the shower (took about a 1/2 hour after a shower), and the dealers in the casino were rather unfriendly.I still cannot believe that Hilton employs a staff member who so clearly cares nothing for guest satisfaction and who obviously took pleasure in lying to a repeat guest of Hilton. He did lie- about the room type (view) and about the hotel being completely full. Completely unsatisfactory. I will not be back. I will not recommend this hotel, and I will report this to Hilton Corporate. Shame on you Las Vegas Hilton.	
Mar 7 2009 	Weekend at the Hilton	This was my first time staying at the LVH. We checked in at about 2:00 PM and our room wasn't ready yet so they upgraded us to the North Tower. Almost no wait at the check-in counter. I don't know what the room we were supposed to get was like, but the North Tower room was really nice. Super clean with probably the most comfortable beds I've seen in LV and a 42&quot; TV. The view was of the desert, but I never understand folks who go to Vegas to stare out the window. Drink service was average to slow for LV in the casino, but the staff all around was courteous and helpfull including the sports book gal that talked me through horse race betting. The Sportsbook Cafe serves a Five-Star breakfast burrito, the best in town. The clientel ranged from young partiers to suited conventioneers, and everyone seemed to be having fun. The major drawback to the LVH is its location. Set almost 1/2 mile off the strip it makes for a long walk, yet its too short for a cab. The monorail would be great if it wasn't $5.00 each way. Overall the LVH is a great place to stay if you don't mind a bit of a trek when its time for a change of scenery.	
Mar 5 2009 	Very pleased with the Las Vegas Hilton	We were quite pleased with our stay at the Hilton. Check-in took less than 5 minutes. We had reserved a renovated superior room on one of the upper floors, and that's exactly what we got. The room was very clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable. Nice large flat screen TV, and a small fridge was a plus. Everyone was very helpful and courteous. It's true that the Hilton is one of the older hotels in Vegas, but our room was quite nice and the casino was very large and spacious. I didn't find the casino to be too smokey. I also had quite a bit of luck on the slots and video poker machines. We are so glad we stayed there, and being away from the crowds on the Strip was a definite advantage.We ate at the buffet for both breakfast and dinner, and thought it was excellent and also a good value. Did not understand some of the negative reviews about the buffet. It's not the Bellagio, but it was outstanding for the money. We would not hesitate to stay there again, in fact will stay there every time we're in Vegas.	
Feb 28 2009 	Get it all in writing	LEARN FROM ME GET PRICING INFORMATION IN WRITING DO NOT TRUST THEM!!!!!!!!!They quoted me one price when I booked the room and again when I double checked out of suspicion because there confirmation email didn't show price info or room details. After checking my reservations twice over the phone before the trip. When I checked in it turns out it was wrong!!!!! I was upgraded and I made sure to ask again would my price be what I was quoted over the phone she assured me it would. Since they don't give you any paper work on price when you check in I later found out they charged me more for the room then I was quoted. I've been given the run around trying to get those extra charges fixed. One rep. had the nerve to tell me I never stayed with them!!!!. Its not a nice hotel its outdated with cheap looking attempts at upgrades. They kept reminding me they upgraded me to a 1000 dollar suite did not look like it. It looked old and had visible signs of many years of wear. IT'S A BAIT AND SWITCH PICTURES THEY ADVERTISE IS NOT WHAT YOU GET.	
Feb 28 2009 	I'm a Diamond Members and this Hilton is the WORST!	Here's the bottom line - this is a privately owned Hilton and therefore, you don't get &quot;any&quot; of the Hilton quality, support, or customer service as you would or should. The ventallation system in the casino sucks! If you like hookers, this is the place. They royally screwed up my room twice, and they have no problem putting you in smoking rooms regardless of what you reserve or they move you to. Their answer is to just spay stuff in your room before you get there so it smells clean, for a while. They lost my car once (valet) and it took over 25 minutes the next time to get it. Stay at the Venitian, MGM, or someplace like that - their offers and prices is not what you get and even if you don't it's not what you expect.	
Feb 26 2009 	Still the good ol' one	While my upgrade request as a Gold card holder couldn't be granted, still I had high floor room with views of the mountains. Beautiful!Nice bed. Wish there was a coffee maker in the room, though.The gentleman checked me in gave me a room not too far from the elevator, but still close enough as my preferred location when traveling alone. The reason he did that, telling me that the elevators could be noisy in the evening, sounding like a wind tunnel. He was right, I was away from it, but in the middle of the night I could definitely hear it! If you're a sound sleeper, stay very far away from the elevators!	
Feb 24 2009 	a hotel to stay away from	don't bother. boring. try complaining to management and they don't reply, or seem to care when things go wrong. indifference from management.sorry, barry manilo is boring too. and well, just not a fun place to be anymore	
Feb 21 2009 	Restored Faith and Confidence in this Hilton Property	Wife and I just returned from a three night stay (Sat-Sun-Mon). We had stayed during this same time period last year and did not have a pleasant time (See prior review from last year) We like the Hilton Chain and really wanted to give this property one more try. Well, we were pleasantly surprised with every aspect of the stay. First off, the check in went flawlessly. We checked in at 3:30 PM and the line was very short so our wait was about 2 minutes. The staff was very friendly and we got our room quickly. We are Hilton Diamond members so I am sure that helps a little. We also received a room upgrade which went a long way to erasing our prior memories of our bad experience. Our room was very nice and clean throughout. The maid service was surprisingly fast. We usually can get up, go to breakfast and return to the room without having to put the do not disturb sign on the door and not have the maid there when we return. Not this time, buy the time we finished our breakfast our room with completely cleaned and made up. Wow….Maybe we were just lucky and were first but this was fantastic service. We spent some fun times in the casino this time around. Face it, the Hilton is not known for loose slots but we did OK. The E-Bay slot game is a blast if you can get on with all five seats filled. We had a rental car this time and the free self parking is convenient and not a problem. Remember the monorail is right outside so you don’t need a car from this property. I think that all of Vegas is starting to feel the economic downturn, because it was not crowded or super busy anywhere we went on this trip. So if you would like to see the sights of Vegas without the big crowds then now is the time to go.	
Feb 15 2009 	Not For Business	Nice hotel. Right on the Monorail - easy access to the entire strip.Internet access is extra. Business center was 'under renovations'.No recommended for business travelers.	
Feb 13 2009 	viva las vegas :o))	Las Vegas Hilton, this was our second stay.We had a marvellous stay, we arrived on a Thursday and could check in even though we were 3 hours early. The room was adequate and we had no problems.Yes it is getting a little dated but we still felt we got valus for money.We had the breakfast buffet every day, including the Saturday &amp; Sunday Brunch, great value and selection. We did not try the rest of the restaurants as we went out most evenings.Overall I would rate LV Hilton not as a WOW, but as a great off strip hotel, after walking through most of the strips hotel, there are very few that feel as relaxed as the Hilton.As the hotel is on the monorail it makes getting around easyThe tables can be expensive at the weekend so we just gamble elsewhere. The Slots are fine, and once we managed to get a cocktail waitress we ensured they were tipped well and then they were back very regularlyWe booked via the hotels web site and were able to get a $56 room rateWould we go back, Yes if we were on a budget and would we recommend, Yes but I would ensure an expectation was given.	
Feb 9 2009 	Las Vegas Hilton Special Rate Really Not So Special!!!!	Vegas Hilton, $55.00 a night Feb. 6 &amp; 7 through AAA. 1.) When we arrived I asked about an upgrade. The hotel rep said for $25.00 we could get an upgrade we agreed but I then asked only $25.00 more correct? The rep responded no actually $50.00 more, $25.00 more per night!!!...NOTE I wouldn’t have seen this charge until I got the FINAL BILL before checkout!!!!! 2.) The room was nice but the NOISE NOISE NOISE was ridiculous!!!! The room was right next to the elevators!!!! I immediately wanted to call down to the front desk to complain and move but my wife talked me out of it. Luckily I sleep with ear plugs and headset so I was able to sleep; how my wife did I have no idea. I will definitely complain and have them move me next time. Just because they are offering a discount rate is not justification to offer me sub-standard accommodations. Payless car rental: Just a parting note, if you’ve made it this far. We booked a compact car Fri. night to Sunday night $61.00. Got to the counter and rep asked if we wanted to upgrade for $10.00. $10.00 sure rep printed the contract and behold the price was now $95.00, $34 dollars more!!!!! (See A TREND YET!!!) I told him he was out of his mind and that I hadn’t had this type of BS from a car rental company in some time. He then re-did the paperwork and this time tried to charge me road side assistance for $3.00 a day!!!! If Payless isn’t going to come fix their cars if they breakdown they are [-] nuts!!! He then finally re-did paperwork and I finally completed the transaction. I’ve rented from several car companies recently and haven’t got the run around like this in awhile. Summary: Caveat Emptor when in Vegas Ask for complete explanations of any price increases or upgrades and complain until you get a fair deal. Oh, and try renting from another car company other then Payless.	
Feb 8 2009 	Terrific Stay!	We really enjoyed our stay at the Las Vegas Hilton. It was by far the cleanest hotel we stayed in (of 4 hotels on our journey). The bathroom tile was a little outdated, but the room was spacious, well-appointed, and very comfortable. Check-in was easy, and the hotel is logically arranged. The property is two blocks off the Vegas strip, but it's a nice walk and you can certainly take the monorail to other casinos if you're not inclined to walk it.	
Feb 8 2009 	Not a Hilton standard	When I decided for this hotel, the main reason was the Hilton trademark. I was expecting an excellent service, rooms and facilities. But for my surprise, comparing with other Hilton hotels worldwide, I can say that the LV Hilton in under average.During my stay, which lasted 6 nights, they did not clean my room twice. I don't know what happenned but the only thing that I heard when I complained was &quot;sorry sir&quot;. Nobody was able to give any explanation, they reacted as it was a very common situationAnother thing that upset me was during the checkout. Lack of organization, with just one rude attendant for ckeckin/out, and long lines When you go to the reception lobby, the counter is divided in two parts: a signal indicates that for check in go to the left. for check out go to the right. As I was doing my checkout I went to the right side. After 5 minutes waiting for someone to attend me, the receptionist on the checkin counter just asked me to join the checkin line. I moved as requested, and I was the second one in the line. But when it was my time to be attended, a couple skipped the line and was attended before me. I complained. of course, but she did not accepted it - just looked at me, asked my room number and said very cool without any smile &quot;it is oK sir, nothing to pay&quot;Whenever I can I choose a Hilton hotel, because of the high quality standard of their services. But in Las Vegas, it seems to be another hotel chain	
Feb 6 2009 	OK a bit run down	I stayed in this hotel with my parents, we'd arrived in Vegas the week before and spent four nights at the Bellagio before going to Arizona to the grand canyon, we stayed at this hotel on a Saturday night before flying home. It is slight Star Trek themed and a bit run down, the pool area was ok but had some distinct signs of wear and tear. I do realise that the legal drinking age is 21 in America but it was annoying to have to be told that I couldn't even sit with my parents whilst they had a drink (I was 18 at the time and allowed to sit with my parents at bars in the Bellagio and waitress and have no problem with me having a glass of wine with my meal in many other restaurants, I was with my parents after all). As well as under 21s not sitting at the bar, they have to walk separate routes, they are not allowed to even walk through the casino. The under 21 routes are a lot longer and my father cannot walk very well or far so if I had been younger it would not have been ideal for me to walk past hoardes of drunk men on my own.It was a Saturday night, but there's loud and then there's LOUD. Lots of people screaming across restaurants and hallways, groups of men shouting songs at the top of their voices, attempting to grope young girls as they go past and prostitutes going up to rooms (but it is Vegas). OK for families with teenagers but definitely not good for young children as this won't just happen when the kids are asleep.	
Feb 5 2009 	las vegas get away	so this was our (my bf and mine) first trip to las vegas. the first time is always very special. when we arrived from the airport (around 11pm) we had to wait in a 30-40 min line to check in. although this was a bother, when we finally made it up, the lady at the desk was very pleasant and apologetic about the long line. plus we received a free room upgrade.the room was nice but small, very clean.the bathrooms- well, they were clean however too small in the morning we grabbed cafe from a great little cafe shop andwere on our way. what i did not like were the long lines to the elevators. i enjoyed riding the monorail however it did get expensive. and i have to say that the casino was relatively small. other than that, we loved it :)	
Feb 4 2009 	realxing stay at the Hilton	This was our third stay the Hilton Las Vegas. We had a newly updated room with a king size bed and a view fo the Hilton sign and Strip. The room was very quiet and comfortable. The newer room was great but the bath was a little outdated and the toilet was very loud. Every time it flushed it sounds like a jet was landing on the roof. Typical to any Vegas hotel, the hallways are notoriously confusing, but our room was on a high floor and hidden from the elevators so that there was no noise from the bank of elevators. The check-in staff was friendly and the concierge was readily available to help with finding a good place to get a manicure.	
Jan 29 2009 	Good place to stay if attending a trade show or conference	I stayed here to attend a trade show in the hotel. This is a big hotel, but aren't they all in Las Vegas? We stayed in the north tower. Our room was a good size, with very comfortable beds and bedding - down duvets and pillows. The room had a flat screen TV, and a decent enough bathroom, although the tub did not look spotlessly clean. The walls in this hotel are thin, so if there is any noise in the hall, or the room next to you, you are going to hear it. Luckily for us the hotel was pretty quiet at the time of our visit.The location is not great if you plan to visit the strip often, although the monorail station right at the hotel is convenient, if a little pricey, for getting around. Cabs will add up going back and forth to the strip and it's too far to walk.We only ate at one restaurant in the hotel - the Paradise Cafe for lunch. Very generous portions and decent enough food. There are many other restaurants in the hotel that looked interesting. The casino off the main lobby was smoky - and you had to pass through it to get to the conference rooms.Would I return to the LV Hilton? If I was attending a trade show at the hotel again - yes. If not, I would probably get a hotel on the strip.	
Jan 27 2009 	Perfect for a convention	Had a great time at the Hilton. We were there for a convention. We booked the hotel via travelocity.com We got a great rate. When we checked into the hotel, they didn't have any rooms, so they gave us this enormous suite. Just for the hell of it when we were leaving, I asked how much the suite went for. They told me I didn't want to know, it was $1200/night. It had 3 enormous windows and a great layout with a nice dining room, living room, and master suite. It was bigger than my house! They didn't treat me any different they just gave me the room. We had a great time and the suite made the trip!	
Jan 27 2009 	There are better places...	If you are looking to stay at a Hilton property near the Strip pick a different one. While they have &quot;updated&quot; some parts of the hotel, the rooms that haven't been renovated are in dire need, and there is no way to guarantee where you will end up.The valet parking attendants were wonderful. My car was whisked away and then returned just as promptly when I needed it. The front desk staff person was rude at check in. If you are a member of HHonors you apparently have to tell them in order to get your on property benefits - they claim that they are not tied in to the regular Hilton system. The bed was comfortable, but the a/c unit in my room was really nothing more than a fan. Also the water pressure was terrible and there was little hot water, at least at the time I took a shower, during my stay. This is not my first experience with the water issues at this property but it wasn't enough to keep me from trying it again. It may be more that they need to replace the shower heads than bad water pressure, but for anyone who likes a strong stream for their shower, this is not the place for you.The direct attachment to a monorail system was convenient. If you don't like staying right on the strip but want to access it without driving, it can easily be done from this property.In a nutshell, all the conveniences of a casino, but lodging is a bit run down.	
Jan 25 2009 	Not what I expected	We arrived by private car on Friday evening in the middle of December. The driving directions once you enter the property are not the best. It was very congested. The parking garage is not centrally located, being at the far end of the North Tower. Check-in was smooth. We were told we would receive a room upgrade for being Hilton Honers members. Once we arrived at our room on the 17th floor we found it to look exactly like the pictures from the internet for a standard room. So much for the upgrade. After several minutes we found the room to be dirty. There were used towels and a used bar of soap on the sink. We then returned to the front desk to request another room. We were given a room on the 20th floor this time, almost directly above the original room. This room was clean and where we stayed for both nights of this trip. Although the room was very close to the elevators, it was quiet and we did not hear a thing from any other guest. I would have like to have seen a free wi-fi connection. With the direction the internet is going these days, I think charging $14.95 per day was a little much. We did the check-out option via the television. It was quick and painless. Several hours after checking out my daughter realized that she had left her favorite pillow on the chair in the room. It was a feather pillow and had a light pink 1000 thread count pillow case on it. I called the property only to be told that I would have to call back several hours later in order to check with security. When I did call them back, they said that the cleaning staff had not turned the pillow in. I was told that I could call back the following day to see again if somebody turned it in. I was again told no... but if somebody had turned it in that I would probably not want it back since they would charge me over $30 to have it shipped. I then informed them that I would be in Las Vegas in 3 weeks and could stop by and pick it up. I was then told that it would be tossed out before then.I give this a hotel an 'Okay' rating for the dirty room and the pillow that a member of the housekeeping staff is enjoying now. These are both housekeeping issues. The front desk staff was great!	
Jan 9 2009	The star trek experience has gone	Didn't actually stay at this hotel but wanted to let you know that despite having it advertised in HUGE LETTERS on their hotel sign ..... the Star Trek Experience ..... HAS GONE. Do not make a special journey to this hotel.	
Jan 8 2009 	Good value.	The Hilton has gone through it renovation. The rooms have slightly improved from three years ago. They have installed flat screen TVs and a better bed. Although, I can say with certainty the Las Vegas Hilton beds are not up to par to some better Hilton Hotels (e.g., the Hilton in downtown San Diego). The room was clean and very spacious, same as the bathroom. There might be a problem with the hot water, but it could just be the shower head. The fridge in the room was a plus though as most Vegas hotels do not have this amenity. The hotel is massive and it take forever to get to your room. The low ceilings in the hotel and the casino makes you claustrophobic. The getting to the parking structure feels like going through a maze and it's at the east side of the property. For guests that have bought a monorail ticket the station is close to the hotel elevators. Very convenient for passengers and guests.Over all good value hotel, but not as bad as some of the older hotels in Vegas. If I need inexpensive room, I will book the Hilton. Note that the Hilton is on Paradise, approx. 2-3 blocks behind the Vegas strip and right next to the Convention Center.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Hilton for the Barry Manilow Fan Club convention and was pleasantly surprised by the standard of the accommodation.The room was large, very clean and had everything needed for my stay.Room service delayed as they were busy (which wasn't a problem) but apologies all round and food quality and service excellent.Bell service and check-in pleasant and quick and Casino staff friendly.All in all a great hotel with easy access to the Strip if you need to get there.	
Jan 4 2009 	Tired Hotel seen better days	Stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton for a few days around Christmas 2008. The hotel was offering a &quot;winter rate&quot; special of $69/night is how the hotel was selected. The hotel which 20 years ago was one of the top hotels in Vegas has lost much of its former glory. The hotel seems to appeal to and attract a middle-aged bargain hunting crowd. To give an illustration of this, the entertainment choices at the hotel were Barry Mannilow and &quot;Menopause the Musical.&quot; Gag on both counts. I am shocked that the mangement does not take more pride in this hotel. An example of this is that a Star Trek Experience sign is still a part of the main hotel sign outside the hotel (and this has been gone for at least six months if not longer). There are other nicer properties for near the same price.The level of customer service is just not very apparent at this hotel. I arrived around midnight (had been delayed by the airlines), and after I got checked in, I looked for someplace to get a meal in the hotel. Somehow in a 1,000 plus room hotel they do not have a 24 hour a day resturant. The hotels coffee shoppe closes at 1 a.m. (which seems ridicoulous for Vegas). The hotel made a half hearted attempt of keeping a small delli open in the Sports book. In my mind this big a hotel should do something more for its guests.The room I was given was the typical small hotel room and the furnishing were nice enough. I asked for an upgrade when checking in and was told that they did not have any other non-smoking rooms available, but to call the front desk the next a.m. and they would move me to a nicer room. When I called the front desk the next morning, the staff played dumb and informed me that I was already in an upgraded room and I should be happy about that. I told them that I would not make the mistake of being their customer in the future.The next to last day of my stay, the maids forgot to make up my room (this even though I called when I left the hotel in the late morning and asked that it be made up at that time).	
Jan 2 2009 	Perfectly fine..	I visted this hotel in Mid december for a business trip. After reading alot of bad and average reviews on here, I get the impression people expect this Hilton to be something it's not. This hotel caters alot business travelers, and therefore does not provide the typical &quot;vegas&quot; experience that many people look for. So if you stay here, dont expect that. Its an older, quiter hotel. But to me basically every aspect of it was accpetable. The rooms are what I would consider to be a standard Hilton room. There is no theme...but they are a decent size, clean ( at least mine was), and come with the basic amenities most travelers would want or need. One complaint I would have of the rooms is that the walls are very thin. I could hear talking and other things quite clearly in the next to me. Other then that, the room was fine. The casino was never crowded, which to me is a good thing. Blackjack had some very low limit tables, and it was never hard to find a seat. The sportsbook is great here. Its large and has comfortable seats with greats views of the TVs. The dining chocies are a tad limited here, and the buffet was closed while I was here. But as a business traveler ,and by myself, this was never really an issue. I also enjoyed the spa and fitness area alot. I never got to use the pool because it was December, but it seemed to be on par with many other major hotels in Vegas.As far as serivce, I found the staff to be very polite. Some other hotels on the strip that I have been to seem to provide somewhat snobby service, but staff here is very proffesional and polite. Overall its defintly not my favorite Vegas hotel, but seems alot better then many of the posts on here would indicate. For the price I paid I would defintley return. But I warn of one thing, that if you come here you have to expect a more basic hotel. Its not a loud and themed hotel like many on the strip. Keep that in mind and you will probably not have any problems here.	
Jan 2 2009 	The hotel was OK but the staff and wait for check in awful	We arrived on July 4th. and of course everyone else is going to Vegas then too, but I like everyone else had my reservations made in adavance. We arrived at 6:30 pm Vegas time, Check in is at 3pm. we drove so we were hot and tired just like those arriving by plane. We drove 18hrs straight to get here. Our room was not clean and not ready. they said in an hr. we went and ate, dragging our luggage with us, they didnt offer holding it for us. an hr later i go back to the front desk to check in. Room is still not ready...they told me another hr...i did a little bit of argueing as to what time is 730 pm and what time is check in 3.00 so she gets on the phone whispers something and tells me to wait again another hr...she offered to put me in a room with murphy beds...OH NO Thank YOU.....30 mins go by. finally my room is ready an hr and half waiting for my room to be clean and this is at 8 pm we get into our room.... there was no sorry, no comp, no nothing. and the fact she wanted to upgrade me to murphy beds , i dont care if they are in a suite or a regular room i didnt pay and drive 18 hrs to sleep on a murphy bed. and I have seen the murphy beds hilton offers....been at another hilton where my son had a suite with murphy beds..no thanks.....but other than that its a regular stay, and they had to call the maintance man up to fix the tv, which the last of our stay found out it wasnt working just wanted to rest a little before leaving and couldn't even watch tv. without a maintance man coming to fix it. Still no comps no offers. the staff is awful.	
Jan 1 2009 	You get what you pay for	The Las Vegas Hilton is a perfect example of the adage &quot;you get what you pay for,&quot; for better of for worse. I made the reservation thru US Airways Vacations, after comparing various other ways of booking, because it was the cheapest option. Flights for two from Colorado Springs, 5 nights at the Hilton (with an upgrade on the room), plus a rental car (Avis) for $1058. Not bad at all, I thought.And, in retrospect, it wasn't all that bad, but it was, indeed, &quot;cheap.&quot; The fact that I am a HHonors member (Silver status) meant that I didn't have to get in the long check-in line. I was whisked away to the VIP lounge... that was a nice start. When we got to the room, I immediately thought that I got the standard room and that supposed &quot;upgrade&quot; was bogus. Not a bad room, though. The bed and sheets were incredibly comfortable, the place was generally clean, and TV worked fine. On the other hand, the A/C was loud, there was no &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign anywhere, and windows were pretty mucky outside.Other disadvantages for me: the Hilton has no poker room, the casino's ventilation system could use an upgrade (cigarette smoke smell all over), and the off-the-strip location.The SPA, too, was ok but--as you'd expect--not anywhere near the quality other hotels can and do offer. To boot, the massage therapist (!!) said the guy's side was dirty and added, &quot;I wish I could take you to the women's side.&quot;At checkout, the receptionist was short--almost rude--when I asked her for a receipt: &quot;You're gonna have to get it from US Air.&quot; Sheesh.I won't return here, though I will likely check out the other Hilton properties in Vegas, but the Las Vegas Hilton didn't make me feel like a valuable customer. If you are not picky, though, this place has rooms for pretty reasonable prices.	
Dec 31 2008	all you need to know!	We have just returned from the hilton having spent a week there over christmas.First the good.the reception staff were great and gave us a nice suite, althoughit was a bit &quot;tired&quot; the beds were really comfortable.the housekeeping were also very good. nothing was too much trouble.the first few days were quiet and peaceful for vegas.its also on the mono rail, which made it easy to get up and down the strip. the cafe and coffee shop were good to, the staff and service wasexcellent and prompt.The bad:on boxing day(26th) the peace was shattered by hoards of kids.we dont know where they all came from.they cant go in the casino and were not welcome much in the shops and cafes , as is with most of vegas.so they were permanently left hanging round the hallways and corridors of the hotel,where the parents were, god knows, i uspect in the casino. the staff became , along with other guests very annoyed with all this goings on.after this we stayed out of the hotel most of the time to get away from them. we can only suggest they came from one of the other hilton holiday flats. be warned, most hiltons seem to be this way in vegas.The hotel does charge for the internet $14.99 and $3 per dayfor the safe use in the room. we did nt use the net, but used the safe and were not charged, maybe they forgot.all in all, i would not return here, for the risk of all the brats, however, the hotel is ok for the money, and handy for the monorail to the strip.ill stick to the chic The hotel or the golden nugget i think in future.	
Dec 26 2008 	Hilton is a winner	Everything was perfect for our visit. We arrived around 2:30AM and didn't know what to expect as a check in, but it was fast and easy. Our room was exactly as described, had a nice view of the strip and was on an upper floor. I am recovering from a broken leg, so I found that this hotel met my needs as far as entertainment, food, etc. We had a rental car and used the valet service. All of the employees were friendly and helpful and I felt that they really wanted our business. My husband used the monorail and toured the strip, but I felt I had everything I needed, at the hotel. Housekeeping was availiable and accomodating whenever we called.We wil be going back in the near future and will definately stay here.	
Dec 20 2008 	Great Room Great sights Great service.	I have just returned from an action packed 5 days in Las Vegas!This was a once in a life time experience and an AMAZING birthday present! From the moment we landed we were greated with great weather and great sights. We went in the begining of December and the temperature was around 23oc and made better with clear blue skys and sunshine!!!!! A welcome break for wet and windy england.I wont go into too much detail about Las vegas its self because i wouldnt be able to do it justice, just know that it is deffinatly one of the places you have to go before you die......its unbelievable!We stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton which was just off the strip (we didnt realise how much we would appreciate this later in the trip!) The hotel its self Was HUGE!!!! and perfectly clean! the casion in the hotel was not as big as some of the others and it had too many slot machines for my liking. When we checked in the service was amazing and it set the tone for the rest of the holiday and being a hilton gold card owner we recieved and upgrade to Dulux room on the 27th floor!!!! the room was beautiful and very spacious and if we were anywhere else in the world we would of spent alot more time in it!!It being las vegas we had soo much to do and we didnt get to see most of this huge hotel like the pool, spa, gym or restaurants! We had room service a few times and once again service was great and the food was very tasty. But dont order too much the portions are very generious!Overall i would DEFFINATLY recomend Las Vegas and The Las Vegas Hilton. and i hope to be coming back soon.....when my bank balance will let me!	
Dec 5 2008 	Overall a great stay	After reading some of the Hilton's negative reviews, we were pleasantly surprised at what a good stay we had. While I missed staying on the strip, my husband enjoyed being away from the crowds. Check-in was handled pleasantly and efficiently. The room was exactly what we had reserved; with very comfortable beds, and nice furnishings. The amenities were average, but that's our biggest complaint. The first night when we returned back to the room we even had a lovely welcome basket with fruit, candies and crackers. It was a wonderful surprise, and considering we aren't &quot;high rollers&quot; by any means and had never stayed at the hotel, it was a pretty amazing touch. We still don't know what prompted the gift (in my reservation I had noted we were celebrating my birthday- maybe that was it!) but it definitely scored points. The gambling was pretty good, the gift shops are cool to browse in, with a nice selection of unusual items, and the Japanese village was delightful- both Benihana and the Sushi bar provided a great experience. Honestly we didn't experience anything that would warrant a negative review and we would gladly plan a return stay.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great Stay!!	From the moment of check in this was a great stay. Was here for my Birthday weekend and it was the best weekend anyone could ask for. Got to the hotel at about 1:30 and checked right in with no issues got a free upgrade, ended up on the 24th floor with a view of the mountains. I choose this hotel as its off the strip so its not as busy and also due to it being on the Monorail line. This is the second time I have stayed here and love it just as much as I did the first time. Every employee came in contact with was nice and always willing to help.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay off the strip and away from all the strip hotels. I know the hotels on the strip are newer and all but totally love the LV Hilton will be there again soon.	
Dec 3 2008 	Don't Stay Here If You Want To Have a Good Time!	Don't stay here if you want to have a good time! They are CHEAP, CHEAP, Cheap! So the first time that we stayed here things were great. We booked one of their offers which includes the spa entry, buffets and a room for two nights. We stayed her in November and it was terrible. The room was not the room we were given the first time, the bartenders all had attitudes and were very rude..(The sportsbook bar and the Tempo Bar) They act as if they all hate tourists and anyone that asks a question. I mean, why be so nasty to patrons, w/o us you wouldn't have jobs...NO we were not drunk, in fact we were just trying to order a damn drink. So we ended up playing at Bally's, Paris, The Rio and Cesear's. The reservation agents hadn't a clue about anything, and the casino host was also very rude, condescending and very unhelpful. The buffet is ok, but one night they were out of prime rib and the other night their oysters were disgusting. The staff people at the buffet were all nice and yes, helpful. Would not stay here again, even if we do get one of their deals.	
Nov 29 2008 	Not So Nice at the Hilton	Was very disappointed with the room, small and very out dated. It was as clean as it could be I guess, considering its age. Could have been a room in any city, nothing special about it. We were in town for a Wedding and some of the guests stayed at the Embassy Suites down the road and were very happy with their rooms which were in the same price range. I would not recommend or stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 18 2008 	Terrible.....	First, let me say I've roomed at this place every January for several years, compliments of the company (for CES), and twice on pleasure trips due to having a comped room.Would I recommend it? No way, no how.Internet access is not free, and the pricing is a total rip off.A suite (upgrade) consists of joining rooms. What a joke!HD flat panel TV's in the rooms have a picture that's worse than some antique RCA using a set of rabbit ears. That IS pitiful.In house restaurants are passable. Overpriced for mediocracy.Use their Casino Club and forget to cash out? They'll take your points if you're not back within 12 months.Sorry, but there's much better places to stay in Vegas. Even with a free room, I won't stay here again....	
Nov 14 2008 	Enjoyable stay!	My partner and I stayed at the Hilton for 4 nights at the beginning of November. The standard room was large, clean, nice bathroom and amenities. They offered us an upgrade for $50 a night, but when you are only sleeping in the room it really does not seem worth it. Only moan is that walls of the rooms are thin - we were situated near an elevator shaft and could hear the sound of the elevators through the stay. The Monorail to the strip is good, it only takes 15 minutes to the bottom of the strip and we found not being directly on the strip a nice change from the noise and bustle.Although other reviews have criticised the hotel, we really thought it was a good base for a Las Vegas stay, especially considering the much lower price than some strip hotels.	
Nov 14 2008 	Nice place Good Price Off Strip	My friend and I left the husbands home with the kids and went to Vegas for 5 days. We stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton. Very nice off strip location. I really liked that we were not downtown on the strip. We did the &quot;50 Dollar Sandwich&quot; (hand the person at the check in desk your ID and your credit card with 50 dollars in between and ask if there are any upgrades available) and that worked out extremely well. We got an AMAZING room upgrade, from a little room with 2 beds to a HUGE suite with lots of marble and granite. We had 2 separate bathrooms with garden tubs, a kitchen, dining room, and living room as well as the 2 beds. We had a great time. We did notice that no one in Vegas is very friendly, but we still had a blast!	
Nov 9 2008 	Las Vegas landmark beautifully maintained	This was my first visit to the Las Vegas Hilton. I was a little concrened about it being &quot;off of the strip&quot;. However, it is a stop on the Las Vegas Monorail, which could not be more convenient. We got multi day Monorail passes which worked flawlessly. It is the best way to get up and down the strip. The Hilton is a Las Vegas landmark that has been maintained beautifully. It certainly isn't the newest hotel/casino in Las Vegas, but my wife and I were totally satisfied. We were in the north tower. The elevators were always prompt. The place was immaculate. They have multiple restaurants and shops. We ate in the Hotel several times and thoroughly enjoyed our food. We had a great time, and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 5 2008 	Lovley Hotel but Manilow cancelled shows and Donny failed to show	I have just got back from staying at the Las vegas Hilton with my husband. First of all we only went to Las Vegas to see Barry Manilow and built up our holiday around this. We thought staying at the Hilton where he was appearing would make things easier. We were greatly disappointed as Manilow cancelled all his shows while we were there. We were given various reasons as to why, different versions of illnesses, but the last one was that he had Bronchitis. Can't moan if the chap was ill , not his fault we went especially to see him, but to cap things we had booked the Donny and Marie show, we had booked the meet and greet after the show and paid extra for it and guess what Donny did not show due to Bronchitis. We did see The Phantom show at the Venetian -- not to be missed fully recommend it. Luckily the Hilton was better than the reviews we had read before going. The room was great , clean and we had requested a room near to an elevator( it was very quiet) and with a golf course view ( we did not want to see the strip every waking moment this being our 4th trip).The service at reception was very good and housekeeping exceptional.The hotel seems to be mainly for adults as there was a distinct lack of children but although being smaller than strip hotels it deserves its 4 star rating and the casino was as good as any although smaller . The valet service was good and the longest row of taxis avaialble 24 hours a day. We booked our hire car at the hotel and got a great deal. We will go back to Vegas in 2010 and we will be staying at the Hitlon by the way a rumour we heard is that Michael Jackson could be appearing there later !!	
Nov 5 2008 	downhill	Upon checkin at midnight, I was told that they didn't have the room type I reserved and they would gladly downgrade me for the same price. There are over 1000 rooms. I asked to see the manager and my delux room mysteriously materialized. When I got to the room, it wasn't cleaned..I thought someone was still staying in there.I went back to the front desk and they offered to downgrade me again for my inconvenience. Again I asked to speak to the manager and they gave me an upgraded room, but warned me not to touch any extras in the room bcasue I didn't pay for this upgrade.My shower dripped all weekend, the air conditioner was banging whenever I set it above low.	
Oct 29 2008 	Not worth the money	Although our room was visually attractive, the quality of the experience was terrible. Firrst, you can hear EVERY noise from the next room and bathroom, even when people are talking in a normal tone of voice. Not only is there poor soundproofing, but the air conditioning from the next room comes through the gaps under the doors.The hallway was never vacuumed during the entire week we stayed at the hotel.The thermostat does not show temperature in degrees.The remote for the TV did not work the day we checked in and was never repaired.The Mexican restaurant food was terrible for the price. I could eat better at Taco Bell.	
Oct 28 2008 	Hotel was not too bad for the price - but not sure if I'd stay here again	I stayed at this hotel recently for a conference that was in the LV Convention Center. It was very conveniently located for that. If I weren't going to the Convention Center, I would very likely choose another hotel on a future visit to Vegas. The Hilton is the least nice one that I've stayed at in Vegas, (I've also stayed at the Paris, TI and MGM recently) but it was an OK hotel for the price. The rooms could stand some updating as could other common areas like the casino area. The bedding was very nice though with a very nice comforter and a good selection of pillows.Cabs to and from the strip added up too. The average fare was $16 one way. I took the monorail sometimes for $5, but since I was alone much of my trip I didn't feel safe doing that - plus the monorail stops aren't convenient to all areas of the Strip.I was pleasantly surprised by the 888 Noodle Bar restaurant at the hotel. Had a delicious lunch there.	
Oct 28 2008 	A haven of tranquility	If you want to chill in Vegas then look no further. We found this the perfect end to a frantic week in Vegas. Moved here after 5 days on the Strip due to excessive weekend charges in our former hotel. Although we didn't relish the move - are we glad we did!The rooms are large, light and airy, with A/C that purred quietly and kept the room at a very acceptable temperature without making the room too cold. The large flat screen TV was a bonus.The bathroom was well appointed and everywhere was spotless. The beds were very comfortable and the nights were oh so quiet. Our only moan about the rooms would be that the walls between rooms seem thin and allow some noise to filter through.The pool area scored top marks for us and was well kept with lots of staff on hand to offer assistance. There is a snack bar poolside which charges reasonable prices, although the menu is a little limited. Waitress service is available if needed.Car parking on site is sooooooo much easier than most major Vegas hotels.Thank you Hilton, just what we needed!	
Oct 25 2008 	pleasantly surprised	Booked through hotwire.com a friday night stay for $95. I was a little nervous when hotwire contacted me and offered me a $25 credit due to recently having downgraded the LV Hilton from 4 to 3.5 stars....so we essentially got the room for $70. The room was great with modern furnishings, flat screen, fridge. The bathroom was a little dated but clean. The bed was comfy. Overall we were very impressed with the Hilton. Its only about a 2 block walk to the strip and for the price a real bargain. And maybe since its an older building its solid-not like the newer places where you can hear the people in the next room snoring through the walls. We really enjoyed our stay and have even talked about staying there again on a future trip to LV.	
Oct 24 2008 	The only nice thing was our bellman	Even though the hotel looked nice, the casino is way outdated and the rooms were nice with new amenities and a flat screen tv but at some point you have to tear it down and start over.....I would say that time should have been about 15-20 years ago.We were on a non smoking floor and at 2am smoke started pouring into our room through the air conditioning vent. I was assured this was not where it was coming from, there was no way possible for it to happen but that is where it was coming from. We had to move rooms in the middle of the night, the only good thing about this hotel was our bellman he was hilarious and very helpful with our early AM move to another floor. By the way the air conditioning didn't work very well either, the room was also on the hot side even when cranked all the way down. THEY NEED TO TEAR DOWN THE BUILDING AND REBUILD WITH A THEME.....MAYBE AN ELVIS THEME AS A TRIBUTE BUT IT IS TIME TO GET RID OF THIS OLD HOTEL.....I WOULD BE ASHAMED TO CALL IT A HILTON!!!!	
Oct 23 2008 	Ugly worn room	The service was good; housekeeping quick and friendly to set up a rollaway for my son, breakfast buffet wait staff friendly, valet was excellent. We are Hilton Diamond members and had a letter recognizing us on the desk in our room. Big deal... the recently upgraded shower area had no soap dish and so the used soap was tossed on the floor and expected to be reused every day - nasty. Considering that the room after 4 days never smelled a hint of cleaning products, beware of the soap that lies in where people have urinated in the shower and could have foot fungus - yeah ok... enough said. The front entrance had peeling paint on the ceiling and in the cupboard. Did apprecitate this large area. Bed was lumpy and soft, pillows were flat. But the best part was the soaking tub - it had a large crack in it, was old and someone had taken a sander to it. Kept the curtain closed as it was scary. And this was our Upgraded, Diamond member room! Why didn't we move? My husband was speaking at a conference and had arrived before us - he had tossed his stuff in the room and didn't need to have everything changed, besides we didn't notice until late in the evening when we returned to the room. This room shouldn't have been given out to anyone.	
Oct 20 2008	Just SO SO- better places to stay in Vegas than here	Stayed 3 nights- very slow, hard to get free drink on casino floor- hard to get decent lunch- most places dont open till 5pm in hotel- only lunch places open were fast food , the buffet was GROSS, the room was ok- could be cleaner- shower head wasnt very good,k check in staff were very pleasant especially in the VIP room, would definately stay on the strip=- stayed here because of conference at this hotel- easily connected to strip via monorail $5/trip or $12 day pass.	
Oct 20 2008	Missing you already ....	Travelled to Vegas during last week of Sept 08 and stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton. Room was excellent although a little disappointed not to have coffee-making facilities nor a fridge. Good sized room with two very comfortable beds. Bathroom was modern with plenty of room and shower/bath had plenty of hot water and good pressure. Swimming pool and adjoining sun-bathing areas were very good with plenty of sunbeds. Hotel's public areas were very good, clean and cool but unlike most other hotels in Vegas, no theme to follow so a bit uninspiring. As it's off the Strip, there's the benefit of it being quieter and more chilled-out generally. However, if you don't want to catch the monorail, or use taxis, it's a bit isolated in the evenings. Having said that, it was very good value and I would definitely consider returning here next time. Vegas itself is awesome and somewhere I'd return to even though I'm not a gambler, 'cos there's so much to see and do, at any time.	
Oct 13 2008 	Excellent hotel for a quieter time in Las vegas	This is an excellent hotel if you wish to stay off strip in Las Vegas, a lot smaller than the themed hotels with a more personal approach to guests. Excellent on site facilities for eating and location ideal if you do not wish to drive around, you can take the monorail to the strip,Would definetely recommend this hotel if you wish a quieter location in Las Vegas.	
Oct 9 2008 	It's a Hilton what else.	Good clean and comfortable hotel, what do you expect from a Hilton. Location off-strip was what we wanted and that is what we got. With its own monorail station we could travel to the end of the strip (MGM Grand) and explore the rest of Vegas.Tip - make sure you drink plenty of water, you dehydrate very quickly in the desert heat, even at night.The brochure said the hotel had 15 restaurants but we only found 6, but they were fine.	
Oct 6 2008 	Will keep going back to Las Vegas Hilton	This was our 2nd stay at the Las Vegas Hilton. We like the off strip location away from the craziness of the strip. Since it has it's own monorail station it was very easy to go to other casinos on the strip when we were in the mood for that. We ate at the buffet 3 times and TJ's steakhouse once. We found the food to be very good. We did not win a single dime at the Hiton casino but we didn't really win anywhere except downtown this trip. Our room was very nice with a wonderful view of the mountains. The front desk staff are so helpful and even the staff at the club desk were super friendly. We have stayed at many other hotels in Vegas but we have decided to keep going back to the HIlton as long as they seem to have the best service.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great as it is	We chose to stay-off strip this time and saw this hotel was connected to the Monorail. It is so ideal, you can experience the big casinos during the day, or take a trip in at night, but this casino is not nearly so manic. Unfortunately, they have closed the Star Trek experience and that problably means when they replace it, they will change the nice subdued decor that sets it apart from other casinos. It has nice bars, great chinese restaurants and a nice atmosphere - no loud music blaring out at you like Planey Hollywood!Rumour says, Michael Jackson, is going to be the replacement, which many feel, us included, would be a disaster for this Hilton. This is not a teenagers hotel and I am sure can fill its rooms with people who like Hilton and something a bit different from the other casinos. Lets hope they do something in keeping with how it is at the moment.	
Oct 2 2008 	Take a trip down the Vegas Strip	This was the noisest hotel I have ever stayed in. No it was not noisey from other guest partying, the elevators whine, rattle etc. The first night, day it didn't matter when, I thought the tram was coming by our window. Only to find it was the elevators making the racket. The place is in such need of renovation its scarey. One gentlemen on the elevator with a bunch of other people, not in our party, said if it wasn't for the convention going on in the hotel there wouldn't be anyone staying here. I agree. The desk did nothing for us when I told him about it. Oh pool was shut down on Friday also... Never stay there, you'll thank me.	
Sep 30 2008 	Las Vegas Hilton needs a facelift	My most recent stay at the LV Hilton was in July while attending a convention. I'm sure this is at least the 6th or 7th stay at the property over many years of attending various functions, so the contrast from prior visits was striking. This place REALLY needs some work.The room was musty and moldy, with a distinct smoke smell (we were assured it was a non-smoking room!). Since there were no others available with 2 beds, we stuck it out. There were many details not right, such as burned out lamps, grout that needed rework/stain removal, old linens (there was even a tear in one of my sheets!), etc. The common areas were equally shabby. The conference room bathrooms were reached up stairs that were carpeted with the oldest, dirtiest, most stained carpet I've ever seen in a hotel! The restrooms themselves were clean, but very dated.All restaurants/walk-up food locations were overwhelmed with busines and therefore incapable of providing timely service. This was especially apparent in the Sports Book restaurant where many of my fellow conventioners found a slightly less expensive breakfast. The one person working at the counter each day was inundated and totally incapable of keeping up!There was one bright spot during the visit - the &quot;express breakfast&quot; on room service was prompt and provided a not-too-horrible price/quality option.All in all, there are many great places to stay in Las Vegas, many convenient to the convention center either by tram or walking. Stay at one of the others and skip the LV Hilton! Either that or be prepared for long lines, poor service, and shoddy accomodations.	
Sep 29 2008 	A little tired but good value	We chose the Hilton because we were in town for a convention and the LV Hilton is walking distance (actually just across an alley) from the convention centre. We had no issues with the service from any of the staff. There is not much to complain about with this hotel, but having said that the room, although quite large, was in need of a facelift. The sofa was an uncomfortable wooden frame with some ugly cushions. The bed was saggy, the bathroom dated and the bottled water provided for our convenience was $4 a litre. The room looked like it would have been beautiful in the late 1980's when it was first complete, but since then it appears to have been forgotten.Aside from the not quite retro feel of the room, we got stuck in a elevator, had to wait a long time for our car from the valet, and the $18 brunch was certainly only worth it if consumed lots of the included champagne.I would stay again, but only for the right price and not unless I had a car.	
Sep 29 2008 	They simply don't care	Booking through Hilton.com, we selected a &quot;strip view room&quot; with king size bed and agreed to pay more for it, passing up the low-price $99 deal to have a room selected for us at check-in. But AT check-in we were told those are only &quot;requests,&quot; not guarantees.We were told the ONLY room available was a Jr. Suite with a queen bed and &quot;pool view&quot; in the east tower. There was NO price reduction allowed for the far inferior room.The bed was smaller than the standard queen, at 58&quot;, and was a &quot;murphy bed&quot; style folding down from the wall. It was a thin and lumpy mattress like a sofa bed. There was NOTHING &quot;suite&quot; about the room. It's basically a second room when opened to the connecting rooms, but fold down the murphy bed and it becomes a room for suckers.The pool view was actually a view of a roof and parking garage, with dumpsters immediately below our room. If you put your face ON the glass and looked off one way, you could se ethe roofs over the store next to the pool.Complaints to the desk were useless, with assurances we had the very best room available. But when I visited the hotel's web site right after that, they were still offering the top of the king bed rooms with a strip views that night.When we tried to change rooms the next morning we were told the same thing. There were &quot;full up&quot; and nothing better was available. Again, the hotel web site was offering strip view, king-size bed rooms that night. When I asked for credit for the gap between what we ordered and what we got - about $50 per night - I was told they'd be happy to cancel my reservation that night without a cancellation charge because they could easily rent the room to someone else night for the same price.Unless I had a friend in management, I wouldn't stay again at the Las Vegas Hilton at ANY price.Oh, but I do have to say the room service was EXCELLENT, except for the one waiter who glanced at a CNN report while I was checking and signing the bill. When he saw a report that polls were showing Barack Obama &quot;won&quot; the first debate, he flipped out and said John McCain &quot;obviously&quot; won, and lectured us to stop watching &quot;the liberal media&quot; because they were lying.	
Sep 27 2008 	What a horrilble stay 	I'm very sorry to write this review as my husband &amp; I both travel 4 to 8 times per year and have always booked @ Hilton whenever possible. After our September stay at the LV Hilton, that won't be happening any more.The front desk staff is rude, surly, and as unhelpful as possible. After almost a week of tolerating it, a complaint to the manager brought about the comment that they've 'really been working on that&quot;.....ours is obviously not the first complaint he's had...Guest service &amp; convenience doesn't even cross their minds - let alone their actions - anything needed in your room or issues to be fixed (and there will be plenty, trust me) will require at least 2 calls to the desk or other department &amp; over an hour to be resolved - if they resolve it at allThe maintenance is substandard for any upper-end hotel but especially for something using the Hilton name: holes and stains in carpet, peeling wallpaper, horrible lighting, tippy tables, sewage backing into bathtubs, etc - and this was both in the newly remodeled North and in the East towers (we had to change rooms due to the sewage problem so we stayed in both areas)North Tower elevators are slow &amp; consistently jammed - &amp; that's if they arrive at all - if you have an appointment, be sure to leave your room at least a half hour early just in case you have to wait or you can walk the length of the hotel to other elevators.Attractions still currently being advertised no longer existAdd'l services (salon, biz center, room service etc) are horribly overpriced - even by On-Strip hotel pricing standardsRestaurants are few, far between, and BAD.... I've had far better meals at Denny's and friendlier more competent service at my local McDonaldsOn the positive side - the front line staff (bell, housekeeping, valet, salon, &amp; biz center) were all wonderful and the pool is gorgeous. But sadly that just isn't enough to make up for the horrors in other areas. We absolutely will not be back.With so many other wonderful hotels to choose from on the Las Vegas Strip - don't risk your vacation by staying here!	
Sep 24 2008 	Not the best Hilton but acceptable	A quick review. If you don't like the room get it changed. Some of the rooms are rubbish with pull out beds. These are usually the lounge half of a suite and someone's already in the bedroom so you get the lounge half and a pull out / flip out the wall double bed. I would and do expect more from a Hilton. They should stay at the Hilton Dubai Creek to see what it should be like.They charge $2 for a small bottle of water in the room, which is unacceptable. They charge $3 a day for use of the room safe, also unacceptable. They do have safe deposit for free downstairs but that's not the point, room safes should be free, end of story. After all your in Vegas and need somewhere for your winnings (or cash float in my case).The main buffet is OK for breakfast but the standard (order what you eat) place is better. All are busy. The after hours snack bar is OK, the chilli is too salty but the steak and eggs was good enough. The Casino isn't the best but its OK for a night in. The monorail stops in the hotel (almost) and runs till 2am. The Star Trek experience is closed for ever. The coffee place is good but the croissants are dry and the wine bar is expensive. Ladies night on Tuesday where women drink for free was good but the service was diabolical and ruined the whole evening. I was so angry ! Still am. 2 stars just because of the rip off room safe and water. Get real Hilton, these should be free! Looks like out tour company paid around $69 for the room so expect to pay more. You nearly got one star because of Ladies night.	
Sep 23 2008 	Overall wonderful	Have to say that I was a little leary of staying at this hotel after reading some of the negative reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. Our room was a renovated room in the north tower. We had a beautiful view of the strip. The beds were outstanding. Very clean room. The hotel staff and the casino staff was wonderful. The casino is a nice size, not too big. Used parking valet all the time and never waited longer than 5 minutes for our car.Had lunch several times at the coffe shop. Also ate at Benihana and saw the Barry Manilow show. The location of the Hilton is also great. a block off the strip. Easy to get around by car. The monorail is in the building if you want to go to the strip and not drive. Also not a far walk.Can't wait to go back.	
Sep 23 2008 	Convenient good value.	We spent a week here. The newly updated rooms are quite nice. Large room, very comfy bed, jacuzzi tub. Housekeeping was good. We had a few days where we didn't leave the room till very late in the day or where we just popped out for half an hour in the morning and housekeeping got in and did their job.The restaurants are fair. The brunch and dinner buffet have unlimited mimosa's or beer and wine respectively. I haven't seen that anywhere else.The pool is a bit small. Tennis facilities are great and the instructor Billy is worth your time and money.The fact that the monorail is right there, no wondering through miles of casino and mall like at the MGM, that is awesome. The monorail is very handy as cabs in Vegas are getting quite pricey.We got a really good rate in package through Allegiant Air. Would happily stay here again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Customer service isn't included with your stay	After navigiating through the parking lot maze to get to the hotel, I found that the 15 minute check-in parking was well past the main doors of the hotel. There is not a sidewalk to use and you have to walk across the poorly lit driveway and avoid the speeding taxis. I'm guessing this is a way to force people into paying extra for the valet service.I finally entered the hotel and was greeted with a long line at the check-in counter. After a good wait, I got to the desk to check-in and was quoted a rate 50% higher than what I had reserved on-line. I communicated this to the front desk and they told me that I was mistaken and they do not offer any such rate but would be happy to give me their &quot;show-up&quot; rate and could even give me 10% off if I had a AAA card (now I'm only being overcharged by 40%). I told them I would rather pay the amount that I had agreed to in my reservation and had already been pre-charged to my credit card and was again told that their show-up rate is the only rate they have and the rate I am quoting does not exist. They then wanted me to show proof of the rate I was claiming and after I offered to pull it up my computer, they suddenly found my correct rate and didn't offer any sort of apology but did act like they were doing me a favor by giving me the rate I had agreed to all along.After getting to my room, I found that the internet was $12.99 per day (per laptop, for those of you traveling in a group) and called to the front desk to see if there was a business center I could use for 2 minutes to send a daily update to my job. After being on hold for 15 minutes, I was told the business center was only open during business hours (which does no good for anyone who is actually on business) but that I was welcome to use the internet access in my room for whatever I needed. I told them that I wasn't really interested in paying for a full day of internet service when I only needed it for 2 minutes and they said that it is their policy that everyone pays for the service. I had no choice but to pay but figured that I could speak to a manager the following day that would be reasonable about the situation being that I only used it for a few minutes. I was wrong. After waiting in line for 20 minutes(!) to check out, I was told that the charge could not be reversed since the internet was functional. I then called and spoke to a manager that told me the exact same thing. I asked if there was any way they were willing to remedy the situation and they said no. I then asked if I should just walk away unhappy and post my experience online and they told me to be their guest.In closing, the room was passable but nothing special. I have been much more comfortable in all of the other LV hotels in the same price range and they are also all much closer to the Strip. The furniture was a bit dated for a Hilton and the bathroom had stains, poor water flow and drainage, and appeared to be in need of some major remodeling. I experienced difficulty along every step of my stay in Hilton and have had nothing but positive experiences with everywhere else I have stayed in Las Vegas.	
Sep 8 2008 	Nice hotel bed not so comfy	I booked through vegas.com for $97/night. I bought a package that included airfare. Cheapest rate I could find for a *** star hotel on the strip on any hotel site. Very convenient as my conference was at the MGM Grand and they both have monorails in the hotels. I also used the Monorail to go to Ceasar's to see Cher. It wasn't as convenient cuz I had to go through the Flamingo and cross the street to get there, but it sure beat walking in the 103 degree heat!Anyway, the Hilton was clean and had the amenities of a usual Hilton except the beds--not as comfy as the heavenly beds that the westin started and hilton adopted although they may not have called them the same name. Bed was harder than usual, had the bed clothing of a heavenly bed, but not really a heavenly bed. No coffee maker which I found out in advance and was told they are a fire hazard and that no hotel in vegas has them. So I brought my own! I did not want to pay several dollars for a pot of coffee. If I recall correctly, it was $6.00 plus room service fee for 1/2 pot and $14 plus fee for a full pot! There are no Starbucks in this hotel, but there is a bakery that sells coffee/cap., etc.. There is a Pizza Hut.Check in and out was quick and fine. Internet access was $12.99. No free breakfast and I didn't eat breakfast there.I did eat at the buffet for lunch/dinner and it wasn't very good. The next day I ate at MGM for their breakfast buffet. If you get in line before 8 a.m., you can get it for $10.00 rather than 13.99, so I thought that was a good deal! Wonderful buffet there. Long lines but they went fast. They were long cuz of cashier time, not waiting for people to finish eating.Over all, good stay at the Vegas Hilton.	
Sep 8 2008 	GREAT HOTEL FOR VALUE FOR MONEY!!!	We booked to stay at the Hilton purely because it was one of the 'main' hotels in Vegas and it had the best deal going for the week we wanted to go. It doesn't really matter that it's not on the strip because the monorail station is at the hotel so you can easily access the other 'main' Vegas hotels within minutes and that cost us $28 each for a three day unlimited access pass. It's actually nice that it's not on the strip because you don't have thousands of tourists bombarding your casino/lobby/resturants 24/7 so it feels a lot safer. Our room was lovely, great standard of decor and clean! Can't complain at all.Only real thing that bugged us was that the pool was VERY cold! But saying that we still got in or just sat on the endge of it to cool down. Considering you're in Vegas the pool isn't the be all and end all anyway! Shows/Tours to recommend in Vegas:1) Dirty Hyponotist2) Las Vegas Mob Tour 3)Mystere @ Treasure Island Get half price tickets from tix4tonight for any shows! - Oh, and I would avoid the Hawaiin Luau at the Imperial Palace too, it's ok but the food isn't very nice and the show is not very entertaining.	
Aug 27 2008 	good service	We chose to stay at the Hilton as our children were attending the Sony Fanfaire. We were not crazy about staying off the strip but it was convenient to the conference. We arrived by 9 am at the hotel from the airport and they actually let us check into 1 room. I have never stayed anywhere that let us have our room that early. It was great. The second room was available at 11:30 am. The rooms were connecting which was good for families that want some privacy. The casino was not as crowded as those on the strip and the cocktails were coming fast. The access to the monorail was good and we rode a couple times. We mainly relied on taxi's and the line at the hilton was never long even though it was a weekend. The view from our large window in our room was nice, beds were comfortable and the flat screen tv was good. Internet connection was $12.00 a day (a little spendy)Overall was a good place to stay. The staff went out of their way to be friendly and accomadating. (We stayed the year before at the Venetian on a priceline package and they treated us like scum of the earth).	
Aug 27 2008 	Only reason to stay here is proximity to the Convention Center...	Before I start my review of this property, in the interests of fairness, let me disclose that I really really do not like Las Vegas. No where else in the world, at least that I've travelled, do you part with such large sums of money and in return get mediocrity and inconvenience. And that's assuming you don't get burned big at the gaming tables.Ok on to the Hilton. I've stayed at Mandalay Bay, Bellagio, and Treasure Island in Vegas. This Hilton property shouldn't even be mentioned in the same breath as these. The Hilton location is only for those going next door to the Convention Center. Other than that it's a world away from the Strip. And let me tell you, if you don't golf there's little to do away from the Strip in Vegas. Although the hotel is on the Monorail line, it's just not that convenient. The Monorail will drop you on the Strip but then you're usually looking at a 15-20 minute walk to get to your final destination. Fun, huh, in 100 degree plus summer heat!The rooms at the Hilton are not particularly large or comfortable. The food is exceedingly poor. In terms of service, well, let me be blunt - Vegas ain't about service unless you're a serious high roller. Constantly lining up at the hotel to get a cab (because they aren't allowed to pick you up on the street - what a scam!) and then tipping a doorman who did nothing a few dollars isn't service in my book. There's no freebies, no comfortable little extras. Just constant digging in to your pockets until the money runs out. For people who do want to do the Vegas thing, it's about the Strip. Otherwise why bother? This Hilton is for business travellers who have very low expectations indeed!	
Aug 25 2008 	Stay somewhere else!	A group of friends and I decided to meet in Las Vegas to visit &quot;Star Trek: The Experience&quot; one more time before it closes its doors forever on September 1, 2008. Because the attraction was located within the Las Vegas Hilton (3000 Paradise Blvd) we decided to stay right there for convenience. It turns out that convenience for Star Trek: The Experience is the best &amp; only reason I can think of to justify choosing the LV Hilton. Now that the Star Trek exhibit is closing, there's NO REASON TO GO TO THE LV HILTON. I'll choose another hotel when I visit Las Vegas again. And here's why:The hallways were filthy, with bits &amp; pieces of dirt and dust and &quot;stuff&quot; all over the carpetting. I wondered if the Hilton even owns a vacuum? This isn't good when your carpets are primarily a dark, burgundy color. Also the dirty dishes from room service sat and sat in the hallways for hours. In fact, I wasn't sure my room was even vacant, because there were dirty dishes outside the door when I arrived! And it was after 11 PM. I had to wonder how long those dishes had sat there. I was shocked to think those dirty dishes had remained from the previous guests because check out time is noon and it was practically the middle of the night when I arrived, but there they were. Speaking of housekeeping -- the room was clean enough upon my arrival Friday night. The carpet in the room was clean -- or at least looked like it had been vacuumed, unlike the hallway outside. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom counter top (black) had water stains on it by the faucets. I couldn't tell if this was just its regular state given the complexity of maintaining a dark colored counter top, or it it wasn't really clean. I guess if I have to ask.................Anyway, the real fun was when I returned to my room late Saturday evening after housekeeping had come. Here's what I found:1. Dirty towels were still on the bathroom floor (hotel guidelines ask guests to put dirty towels on the floor if you want fresh towels) and no new replacements had been left.2. Dirty glasses from the night before remained, and no clean glasses had been left. 3. The bed was &quot;made&quot;, but the pillows weren't put back in place. All in all I would NEVER recommend the Hilton to family or friends .Vegas has so many better choices. If you're going to spend the $$ to go on vacation, go to a nice property you can really enjoy.	
Aug 24 2008 	Could have been better	This might sound trivial, but having a ladies room near table games is VERY important to me. The first day the one and only ladies room on main casino floor was in working order. The next day it was out of order. It was about a 10 or more minute walk to the only other ladies room. I brushed off the inconvenience the first day restroom was out of order. But when it remained out of order for the next two days...no excuse!! I left the hotel after that to come back home. For all I know it's still &quot;out of order&quot; Next problem i ran in to was checking out...12:00am one would think that you could do a quick and simple check out. No, doesn't work that way at the Hilton. Long line...at mid-night??? Yep!!! They didn't have a seperate line for check out from check in. Very inconvenient.	
Aug 24 2008 	It was great at first	We arrived at the Hilton at midnight, after a long day of flights, and we were tired and cranky. We got a pretty quick check in, but the king bed we reserved was not available, so we were stuck with 2 double beds. We got to our room to find out the keys didn't work, so we were pretty irritated when we went back downstairs. The woman at the front desk was super nice and gave us a free upgrade and buffet. We got to our room and were very pleased with the beds and cleanliness of the room. The staff was nice and we were very happy. Our second morning at the hotel, we were walking to the buffet when I fell on the stairs and broke my foot. That was the beginning of the end for me. The hotel treated me like it was my fault, were very defensive, and were totally consumed with covering their rears. They did help get me into a cab (why did I have to pay for a cab????) and I went to the hospital. You would think someone would have been concerned about me, but not at all. We came back and they made us put 100 dollar deposit on a wheelchair, and ignored me the rest of our stay. I am very upset about the way I was treated. They did everything they could to let me know it was my fault I fell and were more concerned about their own liability than my comfort. I will not be staying there again, I am truly shocked that a company such as the Hilton would treat a guest like that.	
Aug 23 2008 	Decent Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton from July 25-28, 2008. Our main reason for choosing the Hilton was because we were attending an event at the theater and wanted to be close. Check in went smoothly. We had paid extra to have an superior room with a view of the strip. Upon arriving in our assigned room we found that we mainly had a superior view of the Airport with a small portion of the strip visible from the corner of the window. The front desk was very helpful and quickly reassigned us to a new room when I complained. However...the the view from the second room was only marginally better. So, don't waste the extra money on a strip view, its not worth the extra $30 per night. Other than that the view, the room was fine. Very comfortable beds/pillows, decent sized bathroom, every thing was clean and well kept. The only thing missing was an in room coffee machine. The hotel itself was was pretty large with several restaurants to chose from. The only one we tried was the mexican restaurant which was decent, but nothing special. Pretty much a standard Hilton hotel with gambling.  I do want to commend the staff for being very helpful when we needed assistance. Due to an injury I needed a wheelchair for my wife. The hotel was quick to provide us with a wheelchair to use for the remaining 2 days of our stay. Everyone that we delt with was friendly and very helpful.	
Aug 22 2008	Comfortable Beds Relaxing Pool but Torn on Dining Choices	ROOM: We had Room 1409 that overlooked a set of tennis courts and the pool. It had potential to be a connecting room and the room was a bit of an L shape (possibly because we were near an Emergency Exit). The beds were so comfortable that I didn't want to get up in the morning. The TVs were nice and despite complaints from others in these reviews, I enjoyed the channel choices - we had decent reception on NBC for the Olympics and the Discovery Channel.Although dated, the bathroom had a large step-in garden-size tub. Standard Hilton toiletries.INTERNET: Internet was about $13/day.HALLWAY: There were complaints in other reviews that the hallways weren't vacuumed, but I saw our hallways being cleaned while we were there.SPA / FITNESS: Our Silver Hilton Honors status gave us free access to the spa and fitness center which otherwise costs $20/day. Other than that, no addl fees w/ fitness center, but spa services cost extra.POOL / HOT TUB: The pool area was nice. It was laid back w/ various types of people and not the &quot;meat market&quot; you find at other hotels. There were various ages and types of people at the pool. I particularly enjoyed the hot tub areas. It was like 3 large hot tubs connected into 1, surrounded by a gazebo-type structure w/ sun screens which blocked very direct rays but still allowed you to get a tan. Surrounding the gazebo were cool misters sprays and contemporary music was playing. The cabanas weren't busy, so I could watch TV in one of the nearby vacant cabanas from my cushy lounger next to the hot tub while catching some sun. Compared to other places, I was told by others that the cabanas were reasonably priced and available at 4-hr or 8-hr increments.DINING: Tried breakfast at the 24-hr Paradise Cafe. It was comfortable, and the food was good and reasonably priced. However, other than this, the sandwich/coffee shop, and the food court choices, most of the decent food choices in the hotel, like the very nice Benihana Village, did not open until 5:30pm. What a bummer! We wanted to have a late lunch at Benihana or the attached Noodles place but never could.Finally, on the day we left, we went to Quark's near the Star Trek area for lunch and had the cheeseburger. It was terrible. Probably the only draw to this place - I'm guessing - is the $20-25 2-or-more-person drinks like the Warp Core Breach drink. If the other food was like my burger, I wouldn't hope for much....you could see it was definitely some pre-formed frozen patty, tasted like those burgers you find in a convenience store. There was hardly any cheese on the sandwich despite the fact that after the $9.99 price for the burger, you pay $2.99 additional for up to 3 toppings, incl. cheese, lettuce, etc. So for $13+, I had a 99c Kwik-E-Mart burger. And the booth they put us in was so uncomfortable, I was sore when we left.CONVENIENCE: It was nice that this location is a Monorail stop. The monorail is $5/trip, so if you plan on a round-trip, you might as well pay $12 for the 24-hr pass. These prices were obtained buying the tickets from the Concierge. I was told by someone that buying the tickets elsewhere would have made it more expensive, but I'm not sure if that's true. Monorail arrived every 5 mins during our stay.	
Aug 20 2008 	Nice Rooms Awful Service	When hearing and reading about Las Vegas, you always hear about how wonderful the customer service is and how they bend over backwards to help you. I guess they never stayed at the Hilton. We stayed at the Hilton with the Star Trek ride, just to be clear. We arrived at the Hilton early Saturday morning after being awake for 26 hours and explained this to the staff at the front desk and their response was, &quot;well the rooms take 3 hours, at least.&quot; And on top of that, the only thing that she seemed concerned with was selling us an upgrade for our room. We went and had breakfast, looked around and came back to see if any progress had been made and we had a different lady at the front desk, who was equally, if not more, rude. Once again we explained our story to her and we received the, &quot;it takes 3 hours for the rooms to be ready and the maids start at 9 am.&quot; I guess I am supposed to know the maids' hours. We explained that we were extremely tired and any room that was available would be appreciated. She said to us, with major attitude, that &quot;the only room that was available had two twin beds (we had requested 1 king) and it was either that or nothing.&quot; The first people that you meet when entering a business should be the nicest, especially in a city like Las Vegas.	
Aug 19 2008 	Pretty Tired	This is a pretty tired property. Nothing really bad but there are better Hilton properties in Las Vegas. The monorail stops right at the Hilton which is nice but you need to take a cab if you want to go anyplace other than the strip.Hilton Honors does not really do much, as the upgrades are for the gamblers and internet is not free.I would come back but only if other Hilton properties are not available.	
Aug 17 2008 	Treated right at the Las Vegas Hilton	We stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton for a trade show. I used my Honors points. Check in went quickly using the Hilton Honors line. Upgraded to a Lanai Suite on the 3rd floor near the pool. Our room was remodeled, clean and comfortable. The shower is a large walk-in with bench, rain shower head and handheld shower head. Very comfortable king size bed. TV in bedroom area and large flat screen in living area above the desk. The lanai outside was spacious and private thanks to the closing canvas drapes. The pool was a short walk. Our package included buffet breakfast for 2. Also in our package was in room bottled water. Our room was very quiet.Had dinner at TJ's steakhouse - excellent. Also a value compared to other 'Chef' steakhouses in LV. The winelist is excellent and the prices are reasonable. The Casino areas were clean. It was very quiet on the floors this trip. It seems that fuel prices are keeping people home. This was during the AMD convention so I expected crowds. Thankful there were none!If I had any complaints about my stay it would be that the Hilton is still charging $12 per day for in-room internet access and $4 per bottle of water (which we received complimentary). Also - to catch a cab you have to go to the main entrance. They really need cab service from the North tower. Since I booked the room with Honors Points I really have no right to complain.I highly recommend the Las Vegas Hilton for room value and a pleasant stay.	
Aug 17 2008	This place has turned around - I Like it!	You can check my posting history and see the &quot;not so great&quot; review I posted on this property a year ago. I decided to give them one more shot since the rates were decent, and I'm glad I did.The surly staff I encountered last year were nowhere to be seen. Everyone was pleasant, from check-in to the housekeeper to the bartenders.I booked an &quot;East Tower Suite&quot; which is actually two rooms at the end the hallway that you can block off with a separate door, creating a foyer in between the rooms. Both rooms were oversize, one with a jetted tub, both bathrooms had separate shower stalls as well as the tub, and sitting areas in addition to the bed area. Flat screen tv in each room. I think this would be a great setup for a group, or a family of mixed ages. &quot;Together&quot; but not &quot;too&quot; together...I enjoyed the Mexican restaurant, a drink at &quot;soon to be gone&quot; Quark's bar, and the breakfast buffet. All were good experiences.I'm glad I gave the place another chance.	
Aug 16 2008 	Our home away from home	This was our 6th stay the the LV Hilton. We have stayed at other properties in LV (Paris, Ballys, Luxor etc.) but this is our home away from home. We like the fact that it is off the &quot;beaten path&quot; and doesn't attract the younger crowd, even though our 21 year old son and his girlfriend found plenty to do.We have found the Hilton to be very accomodating and the employees have always been friendly. We now book thru a casino host and he has always taken care of us even though we're not high rollers. We don't eat at the high-end restaurants so we find the dining here is very satisfactory. (The french toast at the Paradise is the BEST we've ever had)All in all, this is where we will continue to stay when we come to Las Vegas.	
Aug 12 2008 	Elvis doesn't live here anymore	The last ten years we've spent with a two-yearly interlude in summer a few nights in the Las Vegas Hilton. That relation will come to an end. The hotel isn't what it used to be. The last renovation of the rooms wasn't worth it. It is and still is a typical sixties hotel, you can't wash that fact away with a flatscreen-tv. The bathrooms had their time, the bedding could be better, the pool - although renovated a couple of years ago - is not what you may aspect from a four star hotels. Also the casino lacks the real Vegas swing. Its a pity. It used to be a nice place, off the Strip but not far off, with a friendly staff and atmosphere. Its gone, all gone, even Elvis is gone. Barry Manilow is the last inhabitant and I dont like Barry.	
Aug 10 2008 	Good for the Cheap Price	Stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton last weekend for a girl’s weekend. We booked a GREAT deal through Yahoo Travel which included air &amp; hotel. The property is beautiful. Our room (2 double-beds) was clean &amp; Semi-updated. Great bedding, new carpets, flat screen tv, mini-fridge. The beds were so comfy. Our room had a decent view of the strip &amp; pool. But, updates were lacking in the bathroom. Standard plastic tub, old tile floors, standard countertops. It was clean, just not modernized. One night we had a late dinner at Teru Sushi. Service was mediocre, but food was good &amp; fresh. After dinner, we wanted a lounge type place for cocktails, we couldn’t find any that stayed open past midnight! We did sneak in 1 monster drink at the star trek bar (before leaving the property). We ordered (to share between 4 girls) the bowling ball sized signature drink. So disgusting. Don’t waste your money. One major perk, the monorail system at the Hilton. Easy access to the strip. All day pass cost $12. But, be careful the monorail closes at 3am.Overall, great place for the price. It certainly isn’t as spectacular as anything on the strip, but for the cheap price it was a good time.	
Aug 10 2008 	Great place to stay	The LV Hilton is a great hotel to call home base. It's conveniently right on the monorail, on the much quieter North End, and just off the strip. Our room was a King Deluxe w/ Strip View, 8th floor.Room:The bed was very comfortable, and after a long day walking the strip and taking in the sights, very welcoming. Flat screen TV was good.. but limited channels (typical in Vegas, they want you in the casino, not in the room). Bathroom was nice, with a huge tub, but the emergency drain made it impossible to take a bath, unless you can take a bath in 3&quot; of water. The windows were a bit dirty, but hey, it's monsoon season.Restaurants:Quarks bar: decent food.. not bad, or great.. The Warp Core Breach drink is HUGE (10 shots, for 2 people) and pretty tastyHacienda Margarita: Great food, and even better Margaritas! highly recommend eating there!Buffet: great breakfast selection, free for HHonors Diamond members (with 1 guest too).Paradise Cafe: decent food.. open 24 hrs.Shops:Plenty to choose from, but we only bought a couple waters at the gift shop, before leaving for a day trip to the Grand Canyon.Pool:Closes at 5pm? are you kidding? we wanted to use the pool, but were up pretty late, and didn't feel like being out in the 105+ heat and sun.. wish it were open until 10pm or later..Sports Book:Great sports book, plenty of screens.. one attendant was a bit snippy when I handed him a couple tix that were losers, accidentally put in my pile of winning tix. No biggie tho. Plenty of seating, and even some Video Poker and slots, and a Deli too!Casino:on the smallish side.. wasn't too impressed w/ the layout, or the staff. Spent most of our time gambling on the strip.all in all, LV Hilton is a great place to stay, especially if you're there for a convention, or get a great rate and take advantage of the monorail. will definitely choose the LV Hilton for future stays.	
Jul 27 2008 	pleasant stay at the Hilton	I have just returned from our stay at the Hilton. We were there for a convention, so it was very convenient to stay there. We paid an extra $15 a night to stay in one of the newly remodeled rooms and it was worth it. Compared to current LV standards, the room is on the smallish side, but was fine for our stay. The beds were very comfortable, but the pillows not. Beautiful large screen TV my husband enjoyed. Although our room was always very clean, the hallways were a different matter. No one seemed to vacuum the hallways the whole week we were there. The casino area and the reception desk area were always well kept. I was surprised to find a $3 a day charge for the use of the room safe. In other hotels in Las Vegas where I have stayed, they have offered this service for free. I was disappointed in the pool area. It looked worn and tacky. The floating rope that divided the shallow end of the pool from the deep end was extremely dirty. I think that this is a hotel in transition. The parts that have been redone were nice, the older areas needed attention. We ate breakfast every day in the Paradise Cafe. The food was good, but the kitchen was slow. For the price and convenience, this hotel was a good value. Located right on the monorail route, it was easy to travel around to other hotels without the high cost of taxis. For those who want a big Las Vegas hotel on a smaller budget, this hotel is a good choice.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great comfortable home base for vacation	We did our annual road trip to Las Vegas and booked our room at the Las Vegas Hilton as we have done in the past. They send out great postcards with killer deals, and we have taken advantage of them before. This one was the best so far. We got Three nights, six buffets, two cocktails and entrance into the spa, all for $199 for both of us. With the economy in the tank, we always look for deals for quality vacations. We were given a very large, updated room on the 4th floor. It had the new comfortable Hilton bed, flatscreen HDTV, two very comfortable reading chairs, a large dresser with huge pine lined drawers,and a large writing desk. The bathroom was in good shape but was not updated. It was in very good shape though, so not really in need of an upgrade, I hate to see waste in our disposable world, so this was actually a plus for us! We were placed in a room near the elevators, but this did not bother us as we are pretty sound sleepers. We figured for the killer price, we could put up with the swooshing of the elevators...we joked and actually said it sounded like the ocean! The AC worked very well in our rooms. Our one negative was the elevators. They were having problems with with the Central bank of elevators a few of the days so we had to do some walking to the North elevators. Once again, it did not bother me, just took some extra time. All in all, it was a great stay! The staff is very nice at the Hilton and very accomodating! The HDTV is a bit grainy, but heck, when in Vegas, just how much do people watch TV? I highly recommend this property! Also, it has a monorail stop right outside the Star Trek casino, so very convenient!	
Jul 21 2008 	We'll depart along with Star Trek Experience	We have stayed at this hotel three times and always had a pleasant experience. The standard room was clean and very comfortable with cushy beds and a nice flat screen TV. One negative thing is the self-parking is a long way from the room, and we never did find any luggage cart to help with the load. This is probably intended to encourage people to use the valet / bell service. Overall, it's a good value if you plan ahead and get a good rate.However, the real draw for us has been the Star Trek Experience. That is why we were really surprised and disappointed to learn that the hotel is planning to close the attraction (September 2008 I think). If you are even a casual fan of the show, you should try to see it before it is closed. I think you will have a fantastic time! Perhaps if traffic increases, they will reconsider closing it. If not, I think we will look for something closer to the strip in the future.	
Jul 21 2008 	NO hot water!	This was my first time in Las Vegas. We stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton. The room that we stayed at was nice, but when we wanted to take a shower, we had to run the hot water for atleast thirty minutes, before we could actually get in. We called several times to complain, but nothing was done about it. They just told us to run the water for a while....	
Jul 14 2008 	Hotel Manager is EXCELLENT in Resolving My Complaint!!!!	I have 2 reservations for the month of June 2008 and cancelled them accordingly. Yet, when my credit card statement reflected a no show charge. I called my credit card which is Starwood AMEX to resolve and they did a LOUSY job. I had to call the Las Vegas Hilton to resolve it and some how, not sure what happened, their system shows that I made a reservation with Hilton Grand Vacation and not with their 1-800 central reservation system. I told them I did make the reservations with their central reservation system and not Hilton Grand Vacation since I don't have Hilton Grand Vacation phone and the reservations are in numbers but the no show reservation is in alphabet letters. A lot of back and forth and transferring from Las Vegas Hilton to Hilton Grand Vacation. It is VERY FRUSTRATING AND BIZARRE to me how I can make reservations with Hilton Las Vegas and then end up in Hilton Grand Vacation. Credit go to the hotel manager, Cheree Johnson, in Hilton Las Vagas after I explained to her my situation and provided her my 2 cancellation # and she did credit back and follow up with letter of apology. THANKS, Cheree, for the wonderful and great customer service even though I wasn't able to make it this time but will sure patron the Las Vegas Hilton next when I visit Las Vegas.On the other hand, I realized that Las Vegas had become a city by charging customers no show even though one has cancelled the reservation as the stipulated time frame. My prior experience was with Blair Suites Las Vegas last year. The lapses that I made was I misplaced my cancellation # even though I was able to proivded the name of the employee and time and date of cancellation, I can't get a refund through my then credit card company, Chase(I cancelled y cedit card with them after thi incidents) and Blair House Suites(stay away from this hotel since then) for their. Lousy customer service. One thing though I learn from my experience with Blair Suites last year that to keep my confirmation and cancellation # for at least 2-3 months before tossing it away to avoid all these unnecessary no show dispute charge!!! And, this time, with this reservations went to both the Hilton Las Vegas and Hilton Grand Vacation, it really puzzled me how it can go wrong like this BUT I AM GKLAD THAT Cheree Johnson DID A GREAT JOB in resolving it fairly and satisfactory!!!	
Jul 7 2008 	Nice Hotel Pricey Restaurants	The Las Vegas Hilton is a pretty decent hotel. I stayed there for a week late june/early july for a convention. Check in went very smoothly. The rooms are about average size, but as was stated before, the bathroom is a little small. The flat screen in the room is a nice touch, the beds were extremely comfortable, and the cleanliness of the room was maintained nicely. The on site amenities were great. Loved the spa, the pool was nice, and the 2 for 1 drink specials at the pool bar during happy hour were even nicer!My main complaint would be the food and restaurant prices. I wasn't too crazy about the food I had on site in general, although my friends and I LOVED the mexican restaurant. The buffet was decent too. The diner type restaurant was the worst.Overall a pretty good experience.	
Jul 7 2008 	Usual Vegas Experience	Stayed at this hotel during a convention. The room and hotel amenities were fine. Excellent pool scene and happy hour. The Hilton could use some expanded dining options, including simpler and lower priced selections.	
Jul 7 2008 	Totally middle of the road	We stayed at the Hilton Las Vegas because we got a great rate --$79 -- at Hotwire. If I could get that rate at that hotel, I would stay again, because by Las Vegas standards, there really is nothing wrong with the place. But I wouldn't actively search it out.It's gigantic, for starters, and full of Barry Manilow. I'm not a fan, but that's neither here nor there. At least I've heard of the guy, unlike the resident entertainer at the Mirage, our last LV stop, a guy named Danny Gans who, to look at all the signs, must be the Second Coming. Anyway, get past Barry Manilow and you find a facility that tries to be luxurious but stops a couple of levels below five-star.Still, the room is spacious, spotless and has a view. The bed is comfortable and you can actually turn around in the bathroom., There's a flat screen TV, and the place is generally fine. They put us in a room behind the elevators, so we have that noise to deal with. If we hadn't been exhausted or if we were staying another night, we might have asked for a different room, but it didn't seem worth it.The pool and spa are on the third floor and are nicely kept. Like so many LV properties, they are not open late, an unfortunate side effect of the owners' desire to keep folks in the casino all night.Because it is off the Strip, is not a glitzy 5-star hotel and doesn't have the reputation as an &quot;in&quot; place, this property often gets discounted, which means it can be a real deal. Price-conscious travelers could do much worse.	
Jul 6 2008 	Good Hotel	Nice rooms,great view of the mountains,normal crowd[not too many drunks],quiter.easy ride to the strip,casino is easier to vavigate.Negatives:some dealers need training how to smile,atm ran out of cash twice,dining choices could be better.They do have great comps for middle level players including cash back,free rooms ets.Solid choice overall	
Jul 5 2008 	Missed the Strip staying at the Hilton	So I went for business and for pleasure so I'll have some additional items I can mention here.Staying at the hotel of the conference is always a great bonus since there is no commute time to worry about to get there on time. The Hitlon is huge, while we had our conference, there were at least three other conferences going on and was very busy in the hallways and in the direction of the convention center.The elevators were a big problem at first and there were issues with them going to the correct floor and also actually getting them to close their doors once you were in them. I fixed this problem by finding out that I could use any other bank of eleveators to get to my room I just would have a longer walk to do once on my floor. The Scenic elevator was also pretty useful when it was operational, although it goes slow as it actually stops at all the floors and does not do a major jump from 1-15 or 15-22. The pleasure part of my experience started off poor. Upon checking into our room we discovered we had a nice big room, with bar, extra seating areas, plus a dining table....but the bed was tiny and a murphy bed is not my style. After sleeping on it one night I went and complained. I was moved to another lloor but wit a big king size bed and no extras. The bathroom were all the same, tub was not jacuzzi, but wasn't a regualr small tub either, it was more oval shaped.The place was always busy and being away from the stip is not conventent. There is a convenience store across the street and if you don't mind walking a few blocks you can be at the Riviera and Circus Circus hotels within 10 minutes if you walk, but be careful with the construction going on and some homeless people asking for handouts. The monorail is conventient but not cheap. An all day (24-hour) pass was $9 during my stay and even though it took you all the way down to the MGM, you still had major walking to do from any of the hotels it stopped at to get to the strip.I won't stay here again, it's a regualr hotel and casino so either way you go through the gambling areas and you're not near any other casino. If I'm going to stay away from the strip, I'd prefer the hotels that don't have a gambling section either as they're more quieter and shows signs of people actually sleepy.	
Jun 27 2008	a good choice while in Vegas	I recently stayed at the LV Hilton for a week-long visit to Vegas. I've stayed at the property before, and because I was &quot;rated,&quot; was able to stay for 5 nights for only $215. I'm not a big gambler at all, and was impressed with the rate -- so I decided to go for it.First, DO NOT believe the reviews that say the hotel is old and falling down. I was just there for a week and the property is in very good condition, especially all of the public areas. I do know they are in the process of renovating some rooms, so it would be wise to request a room that has already been updated. The updated rooms are nice, and include a flat-screen TV and nice decorations.That said, this is not an ultra-luxe property on the strip. It's a fine, clean, comfortable hotel with some imperfections (bathrooms could be bigger, they charge for internet, the safe is small, etc.).The dining here is pretty good. And if you're into Sports, the Sports Book is the best I've seen in town.Personally, I prefer being away from the insanity of the Strip, which is why I chose this hotel. Also, it's right on the Monorail, so it's easy to get to other places. I would definitely stay here again for the right price.	
Jun 27 2008 	A great stay	We just came back from a 5 night stay at the Las Vegas Hilton and I was pleasantly suprised. We upgraded to a newly renovated room. The room was clean and stylish and the bed was super comfortable. We had access to a hospitality suite that had free snacks and beverages available all day.The only thing I did not care for was the smoking in the casino. Unfortunatly I don't think there are any non smoking casinos in Vegas.There is a monorail station attached to the Hilton which made getting to the strip and back easy and cheap. I plan on staying there again when we return next year.	
Jun 19 2008 	What Is All The Cryin About?	Well from all of the cryin that I read about this property had my reflux in high gear when I rolled up at the Hilton,I am a persnickety dude and I stay at over 200 5 stars a year on buisness, I went with the fella that stroked the check in lady with a 20 upon check in.I am a member of hhonors so I was the only one in line (what Line) they put me in the north tower in room 15-109 nice view of the golf course , the room was cleaner than most full serv hiltons that I have stayed at in the past, the auto drapes were also cool.I dont know what all the whinin about his place is about but when you are in Vegas you have to have to take care of the people that take care of you.Cool bakery and coffee shop in the lobby area , never ate the BUFFETT BUT!! I can eat a BUFFETT anyplace ,,I preferred PF Changs on paradise.I stayed here for 7 nights and still have not found anything to whine about , if you are not a hhonors member, join now it is free.	
Jun 17 2008 	Nice hotel for the price	The Hilton is a clean hotel a bit off the strip in Vegas. Tipped the check in guy $20 and asked for a free upgrade since we booked the room on Hotwire and I did not want to be stuck in the classic room since I heard they are horrible. He was very appreciative of the tip and upgraded us to a 600 sq. ft. renovated room on the 11th floor with a view of the golf course and the Stratosphere. Bed was super comfortable and the room was very nice. I have stayed at many of the hotels on the strip including Venetian, Caesars, The Hotel, and Westin. While this room was not as nice as The Hotel or the suite I had at Caesars, I would say it was comparable to the Venetian rooms, which are nice enough. The room was very quiet though, unlike the Venetian, which can get loud. My wife tried out the spa and said it was the best massage she has ever received, and she has gone to several of the spas in Vegas. We also ate breakfast and lunch at the diner, which was good and reasonably priced for a hotel. Didn't gamble much there and there is no poker room which was disappointing, but the sportsbook was unbelievable. We had a rental car, so the location was not a problem for us. All in all I would recommend the Hilton as long as you get a renovated room and you don't mind staying in a location that is off the strip.	
Jun 16 2008 	Old. Noisy. Rude staff. Expensive.	I had the misfortune of staying in this hotel during the PackExpo conference last October. Yes, PackExpo was a business conference - but this hotel was supposed to cater to conferences like ours, and my impression was that the only thing the Hilton was interested in doing was extracting cash from attendees. I understand this may be part of the total Vegas experience, but I expected to at least get some service as part of the bargain.Like some of the other reviewers posting here, I got stuck with a room next to the elevator shaft. This is normally not a problem, thanks to the miracle of modern soundproofing technology - at other hotels; not this one. The squeaks, rattles, moans, etc. didn't stop all night, and I lost considerable sleep as a result - never a good situation for a trade show attendee. Repeated attempts to change rooms were met with condescension and disdain at the front desk, and I was eventually told to purchase a pair of ear plugs at the gift shop (for $10 USD). Additionally, the hotel is not business friendly at all. Internet service is not free, and only works sporadically at best. This is reflective of the hotel philosophy in general. There are no freebies at this place, and I suspect if the property owners could charge for the oxygen they would. The Vegas Hilton was so revolting in general I left for the Courtyard down the street - which, thankfully, had no casino and put me in a nice, quiet corner room with functional internet service.	
Jun 14 2008	Avoid at all costs!!!	Pros: Cheap ratesCons: The reason the rates are cheap is because this old hotel is in sad shape. From the current lack of maintenance, it looks as if they are getting ready to tear the building down. The service was sub-par. I went with my wife for a get-away weekend. First we were given the keys to a room that was OCCUPIED. Next we were given a room adjacent to the elevator shaft that made loud noises and squeaks all night long. We then asked for a new room and was promised it was not near the elevator, but it was near the freight elevator and it made noises like a freight train was coming through the room. The whole weekend at the Las Vegas Hilton was a truly nightmare experience. In addition we found the staff to be unfriendly and unhelpful.	
Jun 12 2008 	Hilton is OK could be easily better	Arrived to Hilton on a Thursday around 2:00 p.m., no line in the lobby. Nice lobby. Check in was a breeze. Went up to my room on the 20th floor, near the elevators. Room was nice and clean, very spacious. Nice big bed, but the pillows felt like they were 10 years old, not fluffy but lumpy. Nice flat screen TV in room, but no HD programming, so almost pointless in my opinion. Bathroom was very small, but very clean. Room was very noisy. I was able to hear all outside noise and elevators all night. I had plenty of alcohol in me at bedtime, so it was not that big of a deal to me. Pool scene was good. Nice pool. They had a happy hour special, 2 for 1 drinks, but drinks were $9 each… not that great of a happy hour. Jacuzzi tub was ok, but not that hot, just warm. Casino was very nice, but a little dull. I didn’t play here much. There is a monorail station here, which was very convenient. Able to go anywhere on the strip from the monorail… one night walked to the Sahara as well… Riviera, Circus, and Sahara are within walking distance. The valet parking was horrible. Valet attendants were not very friendly and moved like turtles. Pulled up to the valet lane, turned off my car and waited about 4 minutes for a valet attendant to take my keys… when attendant arrived, he asked to get back in my car and move the car a further up the lane because he was going to move the car in front of me… I’m not a picky person, but valet attendants usually move cars around for you in the valet area once you have arrived. Next day when I picked up the car, there were about four other people waiting for their cars in front of me… it took over 15 minutes to get my car. Valet attendants wait for cars to pull up to the valet lane so they could drive a car to the Valet parking lot and not walk/run to the parking lot like other casinos do.Pros: Spacious, clean rooms, nice lobby, nice looking casino, easy check in, monorail stationCons: Lumpy pillows, noisy rooms, dull casino, warm –not hot- Jacuzzi, slow valet parking	
Jun 11 2008 	Mature clean historic- an oasis in the madness	My husband and I often travel to Vegas on business and really enjoy staying at the old Hilton. It's a bit quieter and more relaxing then many other places on the strip, classy, and friendly. The rooms and pool are quite spacious and well appointed. The Mexican restaurant in the hotel is very good, too. The price is right, and it's a little off the main strip so you don't get as much of the drunken spring breaker type scene (which for us is a very, very good thing). We like to rent a car, so we drive in to eat at The Wynn (Thai kitchen) or the Hard Rock (Pink Taco) sometimes. We also drive to Red Rock for hiking. The Hilton is an easy, short drive to any convention center we have needed to reach and we have never gotten stuck in traffic.	
Jun 10 2008 	Awesome pool staff!	I was very impressed with the pool staff. They were on top of it when children had accidents in the pool - one day it was puke and the other floating brown things. Both times the pool was closed for about an hour and half for a shock and cleaning. The 2nd day they handed out bottled water to everyone, which I thought was very nice. Don't plan on setting down a towel and book to save your space - they will pick them up and put them in lost and found. THIS WAS AWESOME! I totally hate seat savers who don't show up for hours - it is so rude. There were always open seats which in unusual as you probably know at a hotel pool.The room was very comfy and the bed a great sleep. While the bathroom wasn't all marble, we did get a good deal and a great mattress is much more what I want. The places to eat were good and we have good service experiences. While it isn't on the the strip it is on the monorail system and this is just as good in my opinion.Overall excellent stay.	
Jun 10 2008 	Overall a good stay	I have stayed at the hotel before and knew much of what to expect. This is classic LV and the way it should be, instead of a family theme park. The rooms are nice, but the housekeeping did leave something to be desired. The sportsbook is amazing and the staff at the pool bar are great, especially Joey. I will return here on my next trip to Vegas.	
Jun 6 2008 	Love the Hilton	Just returned from 5 nights at the Las Vegas Hilton where I was staying for a trade show at the adjacent conference centre.The hotel was perfect, 5 minutes walk to the conference halls and I have to say I prefered staying off strip - just too tacky down there for my liking.I stayed in a refurbished room on the 3rd floor of the North Tower. The room was large, the bed was ridiculously comfortable to the point I didn't want to get out of it. Cleaned twice a say and was very clean, which surprised me based on other reviews. I ate in the buffet restaurant next to the sports book in the casino which was great at $17.95 for a massive selection of food and free beer, wine and sof drinks,.The casino is huge and friendly (unlike some of the others) with plenty of cocktail waitresses, I am now addicted to thw Wheel of Fortune slots - a shame we dont have them in the UK.Every member of staff I encountered was friendly, cheerful and seemed interested.Would not hesitate to stay at the Hilton again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great stay	My DW, sister-in-law &amp; her boyfriend stayed at the Hilton from Saturday, May 24 2008 to Monday, May 26 2008. The Hilton was a very nice and from what we saw, a well kept property. We walked to Circus Circus, Slots of Fun &amp; Riviera from the Hilton with no problems. My DW and I stayed in Room 2409 in the Central Tower overlooking the pool, convention center &amp; strip. We had adjoining rooms with my sis-in-law &amp; bf. but for some reason, our room was bigger and included a vanity area with stool and a larger seating area for the same price. The room contained a large flat screen TV, a small safe (not large enough for a laptop), ironing board &amp; iron &amp; there was no fridge. The bathroom contained Soap, face wash, shampoo, (no conditioner), lotion &amp; a shower cap, hairdryer with extra TP &amp; tissues in the closet &amp; on the shelf above the toilet. The bathroom was clean &amp; large enough although the shower head was low. The water in the room was $4 a bottle so be aware. The vending machines down the hall consisted of soda &amp; snacks which operated with coins, bills or debit/credit cards. There is a 24 hour gift shop/snack store in the hotel on the first floor just past the Star Trek casino area which sold souvenirs, sodas/water/beer/liquor, assorted food items &amp; cigarettes. There is also a ice cream/breakfast/lunch/pizza hut called Perk Place further along past the wedding chapel that sold awesome croissants for $6.95 plus tax which included juice or coffee. Made when you order it and very tasty. Just past this was an exit &amp; to the right was a &quot;scenic&quot; elevator (a glass elevator that affords you a view of the outside but it has no observation area just a regular elevator that people ride up &amp; down on) do not bother, go to the Stratosphere for a view. There was also a video arcade down this hall but we never saw it in operation (in the morning when we were around there that is, don't know about during the day). There was also a Barry Manilow shop that I happily by-passed (could care less about him, sorry). Our favorite place in the hotel was Quarks bar &amp; restaurant while drinking a Warp Core Breach (WCB). This was the best drink we had in Vegas hands down &amp; the most fun drinking it as well. The Full size WCB in a giant fish bowl glass &amp; metal frame ($30) contains 10 shots of liquor &amp; other ingredients &amp; the Mini WCB ($15) in a large fish bowl glass contains only 5 but they bubble &amp; smoke from the dry ice in them &amp; look cool &amp; taste even better. We had pizza for lunch there $15 but it was great although a little small for 2 people if you are really hungry. We encountered a Borg during the time we waited to get our room, his name is #3 &amp; he was the best character we saw on the trip. All of the characters would talk to you (in their own way) and pose for pictures with no problem. I am not a trekkie but we had a blast talking with them. There was also a Klingon, and 3 other characters that I can't remember the names for. This is a must do if you stay here (&amp; even if you don't). The entrance to the Mono/Rail is through the Star Trek area &amp; was $9 per person for a 24 hour pass &amp; worth every cent. There was entertainment at night but we only saw a small part of it as we were busy trying to see all of Vegas in a few days. Check-in was easy (no line at all)&amp; our room was ready around 2pm, so if you get there early as we did (11:30am), use the bag check service desk to the right of the front desk &amp; this was very convenient &amp; worked well. We picked up our bags &amp; went to the rooms after a short time spent wandering around the hotel, casino &amp; Quarks Bar for lunch. This may seem a long time to wait but it went by so fast as there was so much to see plus lunch to eat &amp; a WCB to drink. Check-out was easy &amp; fast. We printed boarding passes at a computer provided for this near baggage check for $3 to save time at the airport. The taxi ride from the airport was $28.40 &amp; took about 20+ minutes but we found out on the return trip with an honest cabbie that the ride takes half that time &amp; therefore half the fare. If you get in a Ford Explorer cab with a toothless driver, get out &amp; wait for another one, he is crooked. Paradise Road goes straight to the airport by the way but we didn't realize it on the trip in. The only draw-back we encountered was my sister-in-law bought a sandwich from the 24 hour shop &amp; neglected to check the expiration date &amp; paid the price that night around 4am. Needless to say they were mad at the hotel for this (I don't agree, you have to check the date on stuff like that, or not buy it at all in my opinion). This was a great hotel/casino &amp; a great time.	
Jun 3 2008	Massive Disappointment - Couldn't Wait To Leave!	You come to expect some kind of standard from a Hilton, but this place was disgusting. I know we were in Las Vegas, so I wasn't on a culture trip, but at least give me a clean room!!!Rooms were mukky, staff were very rude and the place was just full of terrible places to eat, selling cheap low quality food.Vegas is the place to gamble and staying here was certainly one were the house won!!!Avoid!!!	
Jun 2 2008 	Still a Terrific hotel	I've stayed here off and on for 20 years and it continues to rate as a great value and fine Hilton property. The newer rooms in the North Tower are as up to date as any on the strip -- I stayed at the 4 Seasons in Jan. for business and it was no cushier -- and you can get in and out of the place if you have a car much more easily than other venues. The Buffet -- included for breakfast if you're a Diamond HH -- is still excellent, though service was spotty the first day. The spa is old Las Vegas, but for me was fine, though the audio system for the TV was not working. We saw Menopause, which plays in the Shimmer Cabaret -- skip it unless you've experienced menopause or want to be around women who have. I'm at a loss to know why it's run for 3 years.The front desk was very friendly -- I was very pleased with my stay. And the on-line rates are hard to beat.	
May 31 2008 	Decent Stay for the Price	I stayed at the LV Hilton from May 23-30. I had to be next door at the Convention Center from the 26th-30th, so my wife came along for the first few days of the trip and we decided to try out the Hilton.I have to say the reviews I read prior to checking in had me worried. After staying there for a week I can say it wasn't that bad a hotel. Make sure of two things to make your experience more positive, reserve an upgraded room AND sign up in the Hilton Honors program. There was a special line for Honors members for check-in that took no time at all. The &quot;regular&quot; line wasn't bad when I arrived, but throughout my stay there were times when it was rather lengthy. When I made my reservation I had reserved a Superior Strip View room for the first 3 nights ($159/nt) and downgraded to a standard room ($139/nt) for the remainder of my stay. The woman who checked me in told me I could stay in the Superior room for the length of my stay so that I wouldn't have to change rooms. I also was given my original booked price. The Superior room was nicely furnished and appeared to be recently renovated. The bed was very comfortable and the housekeeping staff was great. The only shortcomings were the poor reception on the TV and the tub would not drain. We called the front desk and the drain was fixed quickly, but the TV never seemed to clear up. This room was worth the extra $ and I would suggest the North tower strip view to anyone. Co-workers joined me on the 27th and they had reserved standard rooms. Upon inspection they were more on the level of a Motel 6 than any other Hilton I have stayed in before. Despite having non-smoking rooms they smelled like a casino and the furnishings were well below par. I would not have stayed in one of these rooms for $139/nt. After complaining to the front desk, they were offered remodeled rooms for the same price which they gladly accepted. The casino is average at best, not really a place you would want to spend much time.The pool was OK, the &quot;Cool By the Pool&quot; 2 for 1 drink special helped, but the scene was rather poor.We ate at many of the restaurants and had no real complaints. The buffet wasn't worth the $17.99, so I would suggest passing on it. The Paradise Cafe is good for breakfast.As far as location is concerned, the Hilton is definitely off the beaten path as far as the strip is concerned. However, the monorail is extremely convenient and can get you up and down the strip rather quickly. A 3-day unlimited pass was $40 and well worth it. It was easy to go where we wanted to without having to pay for a cab and sit in traffic.Overall I would say as long as you upgrade your room you should be OK. It is an older hotel compared to others in Vegas, but if the price is right then I think it's worth it.	
May 30 2008 	Not too impressed with the Hilton	We only stayed at the Hilton for one night. We had a room reserved at the MGM Grand for the rest of our stay and only stayed our first night in Vegas at the Hilton because we were able to stay for free using hour Hilton Honor points. The hotel is off of the strip, however we did get a room with a view of the strip. You can't see much of the strip, but we could see some of the strip. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful we were able to check in at noon. The room was clean and a good size. There is a safe in the room, but there is a $3.00 a day charge to use it. The beds were too soft and I did not find them very comfortable. The pillows were very flat, which would not have normally been a problem if you could have more than one. When we called the front desk to ask for additional pillows we were told they were all out. The bathrooms need renovated badly, the shower head was just about ready to fall off of the wall. We called for towels and they never arrived. I eventually found a member of the staff walking in our hall and was able to get some towels from her. One nice thing about the hotel is that it is on the monorail so it has easy access to the strip for a price. I would not stay again at this hotel unless I was able to get a really great price.	
May 23 2008 	An Off-Strip Hilton In Las Vegas	I have stayed at this hotel about 20 times since 1986. I am a Hiolton Honors Silver member. My last stay was in August 20, 2007. Because I had an early morning flight to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil the following morning. I stayed in Room # 909, and the rate I paid was $ 83 U.S.D. This Hilton has seen better days. Still it was alright for one night.The wall paper in the room was peeling off at the seems, but, other than that, it was an adverage stay. Nothing that said it was a &quot;Hilton' on the inside.There is a newer Hilton Garden Inn at the south end of the strip, which I will probably stay at for my next visit to Las Vegas.	
May 23 2008 	Typical casino hotel nice staff nothing special	I stayed here for 4 days because I was attending a conference at the conference center that is part of the hotel, and it was the most convenient place to stay for the conference.The positives:* The conference facilities and food were very nice (and so was the conference).* The Hilton hotel staff were very nice. I wanted some foam pillows and they were promptly delivered. And, I needed an extension cord to plug in some medical equipment I must use, and that was also provided very promptly.* It's a typical casino - you have to walk past slot machines or some other gambling &quot;opportunity&quot; to get almost anywhere. And, smoking is allowed in all the casinos, so walking through the casinos was not fun for a non-smoker. The rest of the place smelled somewhat smoky, but not nearly as bad as I expected.* My room was 638, a non-smoking room, basic, but clean, comfortable, and nicely laid out. It had a big bed (lots of pillows, thick comforter, a little firmer than I like but OK), desk with desk lamp (with electric outlet) and desk chair, and 2 upholstered chairs with a table between them There was a lamp behind the table but it was unplugged and the cord was not long enough to reach the outlet. Not sure why it was there because it was unusable.* My room had a small refrigerator, but my colleague's room did not. Mine was $15 more a night. I'm not sure if that's why, though.The disappointments:* You had to pay $3 by credit card in the lobby to print your airline boarding pass! AMAZING! And, the paper wasn't loaded correctly so it jammed on us. Just what you need when you're in a hurry to make a flight. But, I was stunned that they would charge for that. I've traveled pretty extensively this last year, including an earlier trip to Vegas, and this is the first time I've ever been charged to print a boarding pass.* There was NO coffee maker in the room, which surprised me. You could go downstairs to a very nice deluxe-Starbucks type place (which was not Starbucks). Pricy but nice enough.* The A/C had 2 speeds - &quot;on&quot; and &quot;off&quot; - and 2 temperatures - &quot;too cool&quot; and &quot;too warm.&quot; Lots of heat penetrated from outside when I left the curtains open just a smidge one day, so I didn't do that again. I hate the heat, but I managed to be comfortable keeping the fan on, the A/C set on &quot;cold,&quot; sleeping under just the sheet with the comforter thrown back.* There was a charge to use the Internet ($12.95/day), and both wireless and ethernet cable was available. Keep your firewall on, though. Somone was always trying to break in.* There was a charge to exercise in the &quot;spa&quot; but no charge to walk around outside (nice grounds around the casino).* Not an over-abundance of electric outlets considering most business travelers have computer and cell phone batteries to recharge.* If you're into the Vegas Strip, it's not very convenient although there is a monorail stop at the hotel that gets you to the strip quickly enough.The puzzles:* As soon as I made the reservation, I began receiving hundreds of spam messages every day, all of them about gambling - online gambling, slots, poker, roulette, etc. Since I'm a non-gambler, I have no idea why I would be receiving it, and I suspect the hotel sold my e-mail address (but I really don't know for sure). Watch your e-mail after you register and see what happens.* I chose &quot;express checkout&quot; to avoid the long checkout lines in the morning. Using your hotel folio (that you receive your key cards in), you write your room number and fax number in specific spaces, put your room key cards in it, and drop it in a box in the lobby. I checked out a week ago, and I still have not received that fax. I'm calling them tomorrow.* There was a safe in the room, but you had to call in to the desk to register that you were using it, so I suspect there was a charge for using it. But, I didn't use it, so I don't know for sure.* You could not control the volume of the water in the shower, another &quot;on&quot; or &quot;off&quot; kind of situation. Vegas is in the desert, but you couldn't tell. The water pressure in the shower was strong enough to peel paint off a wall, and it was not adjustable. On the bright side, there was obviously plenty of hot water.If you're in town to attend a conference at the mamouth Las Vegas Conference Center (one of 3 I saw, including the LV Hilton), it's probably the closest to the Conference Center, although there is a Marriott Courtyard across the street from the Conference Center, and a very nice Marriott Suites less than 2 blocks away.There is also a Monorail stop at the LV Hilton which will take you very quickly to the LV Conference Center, The Strip, and several of the other gigantic casinos in town (e.g. MGM Grand).	
May 22 2008 	Great Stay	We just returned from a very enjoyable four night stay at the Hilton. We stayed in one of the suites on the upper floors and were generally impressed. We took most of meals in the hotel and while a bit pricey found the food quality and service to be very good at TJ's Steakhouse and Casa Nicola. The hotel is several blocks from the Strip put the monorail stops right in front of the hotel, it stops there every five minutes so your never waiting very long.	
May 18 2008 	Better than Expected	After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was quite concerned about our short stay at the Hilton. We booked 2 rooms for a Saturday night stay. Just the one night. We booked the best available rate of $156 with room to be selected at check in. This was a great deal for this Saturday. Many hotels were sold out and others had rooms starting at $300. We are HIlton Diamond VIP and used the Hilton Honors checkin line which took about 10 minutes. My husband showed his Diamond card on check in. As we were leaving with our room keys, I asked if there were any Diamond VIP benefits that we should be aware of. The desk clerk then asked if we had our card! I reminded her that she just saw it and she was apologetic. She then gave us a letter which outlined the Gold and Diamond perks: free weekday newspaper, 2 bottles of water, free access to fitness center, free daily breakfast buffet for you and a guest (within certain hours), free in-room safe and upgrade to newly renovated room. We had rooms in the North Tower, 6th floor. Our rooms were about 3 doors away from each other which was great. The hallways and rooms were completely redone including the bathroom. The bathroom had an oversize oval tub. The bed linens and pillows were great. My dad didn't like the soft mattress, but I did. We had a flat screen tv, large desk (with an outlet in the desk lamp), refrigerator and safe in the chest under the tv. Our room was clean with fresh towels. Toiletries are adequate but nothing special (just some generic Hilton brand). We had a view of the golf course and mountains. We heard no noise from the outside or neighboring rooms. The main complaint was the elevator on Sunday. It took a long time to get a down elevator. Several elevators stopped but were completely full. My father, who is in the elevator business, said this reflected poor programming of the elevators. We finally had to get on an up elevator in order to make it to the lobby. Sunday brunch was good, not great. (Unfortunately our free buffet was only good through 10am and we slept in. ) I have had better brunches in Reno where I live. The casino floor was nice and I did pretty well in the slots. The access to the monorail is great!	
May 18 2008 	Candidate for implosion soon....	On many trips I stayed here it's convenient to Convention center, decent spa included,some avg restaurants and so on....I think this was my last until they do something to bring the quality level up or prices down (I paid $125 a night for this stay). Hilton people, changing to flat screen and new bedding doesn't make for a &quot;renovation&quot;. Also do some branding on the training HGarden Inn teams get. Desk station is better if within cord length of a power outlet...(change desk towards West wall and move round table to window) Most of the hotel is nice, nothing to write home about but ok. Garden Inns in other areas of town are much better (albeit newer but also friendlier staff, and better value, price to product/service.The room looked clean, this was until I swiped one of the white towels on the carpet and gosh did it come back dirty....all kinds of hair, dust, and brown (dirt like).....so I paid more attention and saw some of the housekeepers don't even have vacuums on their carts...probably not their fault but more of a HKeeper/room ratio that would not give them time to vacuum the rooms. (My room was &quot;cleaned&quot; at 2:30pm)...this is convenient if you plan on a late check out...hotel gets really upset if you do. I am a HHonors member and I rather not ask for a late check out because it has been my experience that seems profit would turn to loss if they allow it. I mentioned something to a front desk staff (At Hilton Vegas) once and got a lecture on &quot;there are many other hotels&quot;. (I teach my team that if nothing good to be said, remain silent).If implosion needed, do it sooner than later, don't dilute the brand with this hotel.	
May 15 2008 	great trip	my husband and i stayed here for three nights, and found nothing to complain about. We arrived early, and checked in with no wait or complications. Our room was nice, clean, and had the most comfortable bed ever! The hotel is a five minute walk from the strip. it also has a monorail stop, making it just a short ride and walk from everything! We used the Monorail a lot, it was so convenient. We played some slots here, and the cocktail waitresses were very prompt. This hotel was everything we expected and we enjoyed it completely.	
May 14 2008 	Terrible not worth the Hilton Name	I had a conference for work that was at the Hilton, so all the rooms were booked here. I had gone to Vegas the weekend prior for vacation time and had a great experience at the Mirage. That may also be partially why I am so extremely disappointed in the Hilton, but I think I would have been upset anyway.The room is a dump, the bathroom is absolutely horrible. It's the quality of a Motel 6 bathroom. Bath products are terrible, lighting is terrible. The only redeeming thing about my room is the view.The AC also blows directly onto the bed so to get it cool enough to sleep, you have to have cold air blowing on your face. Not good.I hear there are some upgraded rooms and perhaps those are nice, but I still wouldn't ever stay in this Hilton again. It might as well be 10 miles from the Strip, and the casino is nasty and dead. I don't even gamble that much, but it's sort of depressing how dead the casino is.	
May 13 2008 	Not really impressed	We stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton so that we could attend the Nat'l hardware show. I was not very impressed. The lobby &amp; overall of the hotel was very nice. The staff was friendly at the desk &amp; casino etc. The problem I had was, when we arrived in the room they had 2 bottles of water on the table &amp; I thought that was great until I read the card attached that states if you drink these they will charge you $4 each to your room. If you pay $200 a night for a room, I think the least they could do would be to give you free water. There was no coffee pot in the room, to have coffee in the morning. I assume its so you go downstairs &amp; buy coffee for $4 a cup or order room service which is outrageous. We also paid a $50 deposit for our phone to be turned on &amp; it took 2 days for that to happen. There was no frig in our room, so we had to venture out to find a cooler to keep drinks in. The restaurants were not what I would have expected for being in the Hilton. Housekeeping did a great job, but the bathroom had tile coming off the wall &amp; looked very very old.For $200 a night, all we got was a bed to sleep in, nothing fancy at all. Next time we go, we will stay elsewhere. We did have a great time overall. Hilton, please live up to your name.	
May 10 2008 	Great Beds Noisy Rooms	Wanted to try a hotel off the strip and since the monorail stops here I thought I would try it. After checking in I started to feel like I was a world away from the Vegas strip. You have to walk to the strip and it's not the best part of the strip if you do. The monorail is convenient but not easy as it only stops at certain strip hotels. As for the room we came up at midnight and heard the people laughing in the room next door. After 20 mins we called security(they came up in 10 mins.) and it quited down briefly. After awhile it started up again laughing and loud talking. Again the same in the morning. We checked out 3 days early and got a great rate (75.00 cheaper for the 3 days) at the Excalibur right on the strip. It's not the Hiltons fault who is in the room next to you, they can not control that but the walls are thin and also the room had a door between the rooms that noise easily came thru. Better to stay on the strip.	
May 8 2008 	Horrible experience. Never going back.	We stayed at the LV Hilton for the convention. We had nothing but problems. I made reservations and was sharing a room with a co-workder. Since she arrived prior me, she checked in, they told her that she needs to pay for the stay otherwise we will loose a room . She gave her credit card and asked them to hold it until I arrive. When I arrived, they took my credit card, but they charged her on the 2nd day. (In my prior travel experience you only pay for the fist night when you make reservations and pay for the rest after check out. That is not what happened with us) When we went to the customer service, they were very RUDE. Eventually they said they will transfer charges to my card. Then on the last day we went to check out, they told us they didn't have any credit card of file, so I had to give it to them again. And again, the custumer service person was RUDE. Besides that, the room was horrible, the bath tub was dirty and they didn't changed the towells. They just picked up the towells that we left of the floor and hang them back. It made me worder if they change linens and towells in between check out/check in. When we went to complain about the towells, again they were RUDE. This was the worst experience in my life. I NEVER WILL BE STAYING AT THE HILTON HOTEL AGAIN. And I will make sure let my convention know about this.	
May 8 2008 	Great if you like cold showers and rude staff	Stayed there since it's right next to LV Convention Center. Room was OK but lukewarm water in shower. Since I was only there for one night I didn't call for service but did let the front desk know about the problem when I checked out. The response? &quot;Oh I just found out that the hot water was turned off.&quot; No offer to reduce my bill or other compensation (Room was $200/night). Had a drink in the Hacienda bar that afternoon. Service was slow and they got the order wrong. Took the drink back and watched the bartender pour it in a different glass and hand it back to me. I was so shocked I didn't know what to say. My friend, who was facing the bar said the bartenders were laughing about how they pulled one over me. I left a tiny tip. I should have left $0 but at least the server was slighly working. Overall, I felt that the hotel pretty much (not everyone but many) projected the attitude of &quot;If you don't like it, so what.&quot;	
May 6 2008 	Nice but...if you have a Hilton Gold Card Show Them!!!!	We stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton April 22-29. We wanted to be by a certain group of people and had called ahead of time to request a room by them since we booked after they had. When we got there the lady said no such request had been made. We told her the group we wanted to stay by and she pretended she could not find them in the system. This woman was very rude. I think it was because we turned down the $75 per night upgrade. She put us on the 7th floor. When we got there we found 1 king bed when we had requested 2 beds. I called down to the front desk (which was an ordeal by itself to get to) and said we wanted a room with 2 beds. They sent the bellman up with new keys to a room a few doors down, which took double the time she said it would. In that room I called our group and they told us they were on the 20th floor. I then called the front desk to request a room there. The gal said that was fine and it would be $50 a night for the upgrade! We debated but decided to go with it to be by our group. The room was nice. The bed linens were the best. Our fridge did not work and they had stuck another one on the floor at the end of the bed. We reported 3 times that our fridge did not work and were told someone would take care of it and noone did in 6 days! The sink in this room was in the bathroom which is not good if you are not alone. They bathroom is very small. The tv is nice and we got lots of channels and good reception in this room. We did not use room service. We ate at the Paradise once. It was ok. We ate at the Buffet once on the weekend for almost $20 a person, which was not too bad of a price considering there was prime rib (very good), ham, crab legs, champagne, and tons of other things. We looked at the menus in the other restaurants and we are just not used to paying $30 and more for 1 meal. We did take a cab ($8 one way) to the grocery store and bought buns, ham and cheese, water, etc. I highly recommend doing this if you are not wealthy and plan on staying more than a couple days. The casino to us was nice. We are not big gamblers but we did do the penny machines quite a bit and got free drinks there. The waitresses seemed very nice. One morning we got coffee with Baileys and it was more like Baileys with coffee! Very good but I would prefer a little more coffee in mine! We are coffee drinkers and the rooms do not have coffee makers in them. We think we figured out why. At the coffee shop downstairs it was over $8 for 2 large coffees! Next year we will be packing our little 4 cup coffee maker! The pool area was very nice we thought. It reminded us of the resort pool areas in Mexico except the drinks were not free!! All the chairs had pads on them and there were alot of them. On Saturday though they were all taken! We were surprised. We waited around and did find a couple. We did not order from the bar. We brought a couple beers from our room. When we were checking out we got some good news/bad news. I gave them my Hilton Gold Card to make sure I was getting my points. The guy said that with the Gold card the almost $300 upgrade charge would be free (Good News) and that the whole time we were there we could have been eating free at the buffet, using the exercise room, drinking the $4 water in the room, and a few other things! So if you have a Gold Card show them when you get there! (Bad News) As far as the strip, it is not that far. We walked to it a couple different days and it was not that bad of a walk, Wear comfortable shoes though! If you are not in that great of shape maybe it is too much. We are in ok shape and it was fine. They have the tee shirts 4 for $10 just like Mexico! that was nice to see. There is a mall right on the strip that has a huge food court. that was nice too. We took the bus to Fremont Street. That is worth the trip. Lots of music, people, casinos,etc. We had the steak and lobster for $11.99 at Tony Romos. We got there at 9 pm when the special started and we were already #55! The lobster, potato, and veggies were excellant. The steak left alot to be desired. But what do you expect for twelve bucks! Lobster back at the Hilton was $60 at one of the restaurants! We took a cab back to the hotel from there because we were tired and the sun was starting to get to us from that afternoon. I think it was $12 and worth every penny!We are going back for the next 3 years and plan on staying at the Hilton. Now that we know about the Gold Card amenities it will make our stay much more affordable and pleasent.	
Apr 28 2008 	Better than expected	I just stayed 5 days at the Las Vegas Hilton. This hotel was chosen because I was attending a conference that was being held there. After reading the reviews, I must admit I was rather worried. It didn't take long to realize that I was worrying unneccesarily. My friends and I did choose to upgrade for $75 a night. It was the best decision. Our room was clean and quiet with a view of the strip. This upgrade gave us internet access which is $13 a day. It gave us use of the workout facility and access to the VIP lounge which happened to be 3 rooms down from ours.This room had food for breakfast, snacks at lunch and dinner. Unlimited coffee, tea, juice and assorted other beverages. It was a terrific place to rest and gather instead of the lobby or our room. The staff at the hotel was terrific and friendly. However, the staff at the VIP lounge could not be beat. They made the stay feel comfortable and homey. If I go back to Vegas, and stay at the Hilton, I will definitely upgrade primarily due to the VIP lounge staff.The only down side, is that late at night we had difficulty finding decent food at the hotel.	
Apr 27 2008 	NIce Stay First Time	The Las Vegas Hilton is a one stop shop. You can find every thing to do here, except club. A club was the only thing missing here. My wife and I would say over all the stay was nice. We did encounter a problem with the heat in our room it didn't work. We had to call the front desk four times. We were told someone would be there to fix the heat. We left out to gamble a while and still came back to a cold room. We made a few more phone calls. Someone finally came to the room at about four am to fix our problem. The Star Trac show was closed. The Hilton is still worth the stay. From live performances to shopping to fine resturants you can find pretty much every thing you need here. The hotel is not on the strip. For a fee you can ride the monorail to the back of other hotels on the strip. We recommend the MGM Grand as one of the first stops anyone should try for the first visit. When we go back MGM is where we'll stay. The Las Vegas Hilton has a lot of slots and every thing else you can think of. We recieved a comp. game play of $25 I played it and won for $25. My wife and I hit on the penny slots for $150 a piece at the same time. We had a over all great time.	
Apr 25 2008 	Some Problems but not the worst	We checked into the Las Vegas Hilton late Sunday night around midnight. There was no line and I was quickly checked in. We were booked in a standard room as part of a package. I asked for an upgrade as a Hilton Honors guest and was told no; that my level was not high enough to rate an upgrade. It was volunteered that the manager had given them directions that only Diamond level guests would be upgraded. Without a word from me, she stated rather flippantly, that you got what you paid for. Great start! I then asked to be put into a refurbished room and was curtly told that they were all updated.As many of the previous guests have stated, this is an older property and could use some modernization. I have stayed at this property years ago and little has changed. Before I carried my bags in I went up to check the room.My room was on the 21st floor of the central tower. It offered a view of the Hilton Sign and the Strip. The room itself was decent in size. The cleaning left something to be desired as there were items on the floor in several locations that should have been vacuumed up. The air conditioning was sputtering. So, we went back to the front desk and asked them to have these items addressed and to leave 2 blankets in the room. We went to self-park as the valet was backed up and cruised the casino briefly before we headed back up to the room. There were two blankets in the room, but the housekeeping/maintenance items were not addressed. As it was now close to 2am we decided to call it a night.The carpet in this room was very worn, but not scary dirty. The room had a desk and chair, a dresser with a flat screen 37 inch tv (with poor reception). The beds were adequate but nothing special. The linens were fine. The bed had a comforter and several decorative pillows. This was a basic room. The bathroom was small but the sink was outside (which was nice). The showerhead was so low that I had to duck to get water on my head (or face for that matter). Anyone over 5 feet 3 would have to do the same. The bath linens were fine and relatively soft. As others have noted previously, the loud noises carry a lot here. If someone entered or left a room nearby, it was exceptionally loud. In fact if it was next door or directly across the hall, it was jarring. There were comments about items being left in the hallways for long periods of time (room service trays or glasses, etc) and I saw the same thing. Many of the entryways needed to be vacuumed but were not during my short stay.The next day (Monday) we stopped by the check-in desk after noon to share our concerns and to see about getting an upgrade if possible. We were helped by a man named Jason who quickly apologized and upgraded us to a room on the 27th floor in the north tower. This was a 180 from our previous experience. This was an upgrade. The room gave us a similar view but with a few niceties. The room seemed a little smaller, but there was a nicer bed, nicer linens and more decorative pillows, a compact refrigerator, a large soaking tub, automatic (sheer) curtain opener, and nice carpeting. The lighting was better and so was the clock radio. This room also had better insulation. The slamming doors were more muffled. The air-conditioning also worked well. This room was also a little cleaner than our previous room.On Tuesday, after a very late night, we awoke to no water! I had read about this occurring in March! We used our bottled water to wash our faces and brush our teeth. We went to the front desk and I explained the problem and was told that I could be moved to another room because there was no water problem. I asked what good that would do if there was a problem with water in the new room. The lady helping us went in the back and came back and stated that the water was off on all floors above the 22nd floor. It would be off for a few hours. I asked if they would allow me entrance to the Resorts Club Room for our inconvenience. She said no, but I asked her to check this with a manager. We were granted access for the remainder of the day.After another late night on the town, we returned to our room about 2:30 am and were relieved that we had water. Unfortunately, we had no hot water. I called the front desk and was forwarded to Terri in housekeeping. I was told to run the water for 20-30 minutes. I stated that I hated to waste water, but I was told that if I could reach maintenance that this is what they would tell me. Also, Terri said that I would be lucky if maintenance responded within a few hours. We ran the water for 25 minutes in the sink and shower. The water was tepid at best in the sink, but colder in the shower. I am allergic to smoke, so not showering was not an option. I took a cool shower. It was not much better when my wife showered. The next morning, we still had no hot water.Wednesday morning on our way out, I happened to see several people in halls taking pictures. The gentleman had a nametag that said he was a manger of building maintenance. I told him about the water issues and he suggested that I should inform the desk at check out. I said that I was leaving that it should be fixed so that the next guests did not have the same issue. He again asked me to report it. I did so and was told that they were sorry, but since our stay was part of a package that they could not make any adjustments. I said that I did not want anything. We were then offered two free buffets. We declined.All in all problems (challenges) aside the stay was not bad at all. If we were put in the second room initially and if we did not have the water issues, we would have been very satisfied.	
Apr 23 2008	great location and value	Stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton during the National Finals Rodeo.Its location near the cowboy Christmas was just a short stroll from the hotel, which made it easy to let my wife browse, while I zipped through and made my way back to visit friends. The hotel arranged transportation to the rodeo, which made the trip in heavy traffic very easy.We had a great room that looked like it had recently been refurbished. The Hilon is an older hotel, but well maintained and the staff was excellent, from check in to room service.  I ate at the steak house and cafe and had good experiences at both places.I	
Apr 23 2008 	Too expensive poor service and virtually no amenities	I stayed at the Hilton Las Vegas from 4/18-4/23/08 for a conference.First of all, I made arrangements for a late check-in when I made the reservation, and called again on the day of my check-in to &quot;remind&quot; them of my plans. The front desk said that there was no record of this but that they could accommodate. I arrived for my late check-in and was told that there were no more rooms of my preference but that I could change rooms the next day, fine. The room was dated, the bathroom was covered in mold (all of the tile grout was pink with mold), and the showerhead was terrible and low.The next day, I called the front desk for our room change and they quickly told me to call back at 1:00pm and they could change it. I called at 1:00 and they just said, &quot;Come down to the desk and we will give you a new room.&quot; Now, maybe this is common, but in a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel, I would expect them to just send up a bellman with a luggage cart and our new keys. Instead, I had to wait in the check-in line for 30 minutes to get to the desk and request the new room, then move all of my luggage myself- no offer for a bellman.We got our new room and it was surprisingly much more updated, but the bathroom was just as moldy and the shower was awful because I couldn't get the shower to work strictly as a shower- the bath spout was also gushing water and the tub filled up to my ankles very quickly as the drain was slow. Speaking of the bathroom, the toilet ran continuously.One of my biggest complaints is that both of these rooms have beautiful new flat-panel TVs, but the TV service is ANTENNA! There are very basic channels and the picture is awful- it almost looks worse on the high-quality TV.The food at the Hilton is extremely expensive and not very good. I ordered a frozen margarita at the pool and I don't think there was ANY alcohol in it- and considering it was $10 (with tip), I was very disappointed and didn't even finish it. The food and restaurant options are limited ridiculously priced. There is NO fitness center and NO business center. The room internet service is $12.95 for 1-day, and you cannot buy by the hour. The pool is crowded and closes at 6pm (even though it is light until at least 8).The meeting services were good, and I found that staff to be much more helpful than the front desk, but you have to walk through the smoky casino to get to them.I am shocked at the service and amenities at the Hilton and cannot believe that they rate themselves as a 4-star resort.	
Apr 21 2008 	An Enjoyable Relaxing Stay	My girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights the weekend of a big boxing fight. We had an enjoyable, relaxing stay at the Hilton. We stayed in a premium room. The linens on the bed were really nice and the bed was comfortable. The plasma television was a nice upgrade. We had a view of a golf course and some of the city (not the strip). The view was green and relaxing. We did not experience any noise issues from outside or within the hotel; it was a quiet stay. We ordered room service twice, once in the morning and once late at night. We loved the room service food, particularly for breakfast! The bathroom was somewhat small and was probably the only downfall of the room. Although, the bathroom looks fairly nice and was well-kept and the bathtub/shower was fairly big. The pool/jacuzzi area was an awesome hotel amenity and we would recommend it to anyone staying at the hotel. The valet and bag check employees provided good, reliable, and timely service. The casino leaves some to be desired; it is pretty small and there are not a ton of gambling options. But, we are not big gamblers, so we did not mind too much. The biggest disappointment was probably the customer service during check in because our room was not ready at the normal check in time. We had to wait at least an hour for our room to be ready to be cleaned for our stay. Nothing was offered for our inconvenience and the front desk people were not real friendly in dealing with us. The hotel is not in a desirable location in terms of the strip and other casinos. However, the monorail, which picks up inside the Hilton is really convenient and can take you to most of the casinos on the strip. In the end, the monorail probably saved us from walking a lot, which normally happens if you stay in one of the casinos more in the heart of the strip. Overall, I would go back and would recommend the Hilton if you are looking for a relaxing stay or are looking for a hotel with value. I think for a little more than $150 per night on an expensive Vegas weekend (because of the fight) we got a great room, great pool area, pretty good customer service (except check in), and the opportunity to gamble a little bit and conveniently get to the other casinos we wanted to see.	
Apr 21 2008 	Disappointing stay at Hilton	I recently stayed at the Hilton with a conference. At first I was put in a room where the noise from the elevator sounded like a train was coming every few minutes. I asked to move and was moved into another room. This room had the tub faucet running non-stop. I called the housekeeping and they said someone would be up. Hours later no one had come so I told them to come the next day as it was late. No on ever showed up despite repeated calls. I called on my last day and said you never had any intention of fixing the plumbing, did you. To my surprise they said I was correct, that in order to fix all the plumbing problems in the hotel, they would have to turn the water off for half a day and they were waiting for a day with low occupancy. So my tub and shower never worked right, the lampshade was torn, the carpet looked filthy and generally the hotel seemed very run down. No one seemed to care or be interested in helping guests. Others from my office had very similar experiences.	
Apr 21 2008 	LV Hilton Class	What is everyone on about when they slate this place?????Stayed here Oct 07 for 5 nights with my wife. Check in took 5-10 mins max, requested room with strip view, and what a view we got. Room was huge(no extra cost) walk in closet, king bed, 2 sofas,in room safe. We have stayed next door at the HGV Club so kinda knew the hotel lay-out. Eating options in the Hilton are very good, and the steakhouse is one of the best i've been in, buffet for breakfast was nice(not as good as Paris, well worth the trip) and casino playing area was always fun, good clientele, good staff, and most importantly.....fast service from the cocktail waitresses(keep tipping them!!!! Sat and played bonus poker one day for about 3-4 hours and the waitress seemed to be by my side the whole time. The Hilton casino is small in comparison to some of the bigger strip casinos, but makes it easier to find your way about i think.Overall summary for the Hilton would be that it's a great hotel, well priced, good value, excellent pool and casino, and if you can bear parting with about $10 per person per day(come on folks only 10$???? )the monorail is right outside ready to take you anywhere on the strip.Stop slating this place, i think it rocks!!!Oh and both me and my wife are in our early thirties, so we're not a couple of old Fannilows!!!!!We have travelled to Vegas from Scotland 5 times now, and have stayed in the Hilton, Mirage, MGM, HGV Club, Excalibur. All those hotels were great, all the rooms were great, it's Vegas after all, go and enjoy it, if you're not happy, stay at home!!!!!!!Viva Las Vegas!!	
Apr 21 2008	Grossly Dirty Room - Pool Full of Trash - Horrible Service	We used Hilton Honors points to book this room. We moved from a condo to the Las Vegas Hilton for a single night. The room was not ready at 1 - not ready at 3 - still not ready at 4. Both of the check-in people we dealt with were indignant and curt. We finally received a key at 4:30 and we found our room not vacuumed and the bathroom not clean. To be specific… there were hairs or various lengths all over the bathroom floor and the tub. We waited 45 minutes for our luggage to be delivered. The bell desk staff and the luggage staff were extremely rude and unhelpful during our quest to track our luggage down. The pool area was the grossest I have ever seen. There was so much trash on the ground and in the pool. It was a windy day and the trash was blowing around on the ground and eventually ending up in the pool. The pool staff walked around the trash and never bothered to pick it up. It was so gross that we didn’t go near the water and we left after about 15 minutes of watching some napkins and cups blow around beside our chairs. The TV had very limited channels with most advertising events and shows at the Hilton or in Las Vegas.	
Apr 18 2008 	I don't get these bad reviews!	I just don't understand these negative reviews. I am a very well travelled, VERY picky person and very hard to please and I find nothing wrong with this hotel at all. This was the first hotel I stayed in in Vegas (I took my parents there a couple of years ago as a treat to see Barry Manilow - Excellent show) and have been back every year twice since. I have not long returned from another stay there and cannot fault anything. The rooms are lovely and comfortable, the staff are always friendly, the food is good and personally I think the casino is perfect. I think the real reason people have complained on the whole is that it's not directly on the Strip itself. Do not be put off by this, this is not an issue. The hotel is connected to the strip by the monorail which stops at the hotel, and if you wanted to you could walk to the strip which is only 1 block away. I speak from experience here, I've walked it and I don't tend to like walking long distances. Please bear in mind that the staff at the hotel are humans too. If you treat them with the same respect with which you would like to be treated, you will be treated the same in return. I always bear this in mind and am polite to these people. As a result I have had excellent service here every time.All in all, I think this hotel is perfect. I have had many opportunities to stay at other Strip resorts (Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, MGM) but have never really felt the need to. I am returning to Vegas in November and am staying at the Hilton once again. I look forward to it.	
Apr 15 2008 	No excitment; it's a boring Hotel 	Their are too many better choices for every traveler. We received a special rate, and I won pretty big the 1st night. Still is not worth it. 1) it's too far from the action. 2) there are no exciting eateries on-site. 3) the entertainment is just ok (except Barry Manilo - incedibly awesome show). 4) the cocktail waitresses are very old (50's &amp;60s), very slow, and unpleasant. 5) the comps are very minimal. 6) This whole place is boring. The staff is ok, the rooms are ok, the casino is ok, even the pool is ok. Is that what you want for a vacation, or a business trip? Not us. With so many new hotels up &amp; coming up, you will be disappointed that you stayed here no matter what price you get. ...unless, maybe, you are working at the convention center next door.	
Apr 15 2008 	Honest review of LV Hilton	Las Vegas Hilton April 7-11 2008This was my first experience at the Hilton and most likely my last. Not what I expected. Maybe the word ‘Hilton’ in the name threw me, but I thought this was no better (or worse) then any of the other hotels I have stayed at over the years (Imperial, Orleans, Gold Coast, Circus, Sahara, Rio and even the 4 Queens!) Here is my honest review:Noise -Stayed on the 26 floor at the end of a hallway far from elevators, yet we could still hear the elevators along with everything else that was going on in the hallways and the rooms next door, I mean word for word conversations, every toilet flush and every ‘other’ thing as well. Was this place built with no sound proofing at all between rooms??Cleanliness - The casino floor was well kept but hotel hallways were not. There were always little bits of something that needed to be cleaned that even more the 24 hrs later were still there. One example was a drinking glass lying on its side in front of the room across the hall from mine that sat there for a day and a half before it was removed, during which time the maid had been in and out of the room. Not only was this trashy looking but dangerous as well. I started to pick it up myself but wanted to see how long it took the housekeeping staff to get to it. Well over 24hrs!Housekeeping – Asked for no housekeeping services (only there 4 nights), but called and requested extra pillows, one set extra towels and told them the end table lamp didn’t work and that we tried changing the bulb but it still didn’t work. Was told no problem everything would be taken care of. They also sounded thrilled that our room didn’t have to be attended to for the 4 days. Well we received the pillows but no towels and they never came about the lamp.Staff – Most staff were very pleasant and helpful with a couple exceptions. When checking in I asked if there was any chance for an upgrade, which for some reason made the woman’s demeanor towards us change, let’s just say, we didn’t get an upgrade! Also the woman at the box office was not helpful at all re: tickets for the Game show Spectacular, got the feeling we were ‘bothering’ her.Pool area – Don’t let the website fool you. There is nothing great about this area either. Good sized oddly shaped pool but nothing fancy, small hot tub for such a large hotel. And the ‘roof top’ area, it’s on the THIRD floor!Rooms – Most uncomfortable beds ever!!! 2 things in the tub area falling apart that simply needed gluing, very little counter space, hairdryer had been ripped off wall and the sound of the toilet flushing made you jump ten feet in the air.Also itched from the moment I got into the room till I got home. I don’t know if it was the washing detergent or the fact they were ripping out and replacing carpets on my floor, but had one hell of a rash.A few other small issues but overall not anything really wrong with the place, just not great, not what we expected. We wanted clean, comfortable and quiet, that’s not too much to ask for, but not what we received either. Would I stay again or recommend?? Only if it was free or under $50/night because that’s all it is worth.	
Apr 15 2008 	Would not recommend	We stayed in the North Tower of the Hilton and the biggest gamble of all was whether or not the elevator would arrive. Slowest I have ever seen. We requested extra towels on arrival and NEVER got them. We were there 3 nights. Tub drain was a nigthmare! The Paradise Cafe (in the hotel) was the worst on service. Slow and all together unorganized wait staff. Way too expensive for what you get. We will not stay here again as we were not impressed at all.	
Apr 15 2008	"LOVED OUR 4 DAY STAY"	We absolutely loved the Las Vegas Hilton. This was our 1st time there. There was about 10 familes in all, we were attending a cheer competition. We were there from April 10-13. I got a great deal with Players Club and only paid $147 for all 3 nights total. I was lucky and got the remodeled room. Very nice! Beds were very comfortable, except for they are double beds so they are a bit small. Tub in bathroom was oversized (huge). We have 3 children so I asked for a rolling bed, and they said I would have to pay $30 per night I said yes. They said I didn't have to pay after all. We had room 1673 so we were on the 16th floor East Tower. The other families were on the North towers and their rooms were nice, but not updated/remodeled. Our room looked like the picture on their website classic room. We ate at Margaritas (mexican restaurant) great food! Also I think it was called Paradise Cafe they serve breakfast/lunch/dinner all day, they also had very good food. They have a very small arcade for kids. Check in was fast and everyone was very nice! I don't see what all the bad reviews are about. They have free valet parking. The pool is small, but nice. They close at 6:00 p.m. (early). We have stayed at the Excalibur (they have updated rooms now) and the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. We stayed at the Hilton because of the price and I was very nervous because of the negative reviews. I was very pleased with our stay and have no major complaints. When we have stayed at the other hotels, I like that they are connected and there is no need to drive anywhere just walk. Here you have to drive to get to another hotel if you want to visit or eat somewhere else or take the monorail for $15 for a 24 hour ticket. Email me if you have any questions!	
Apr 14 2008 	It's better than it used to be...	I stayed at this property recently because I had an early morning meeting the next day across the street. The Marriott Suites where the meeting was to be held wanted $169 for one night. The Hilton was $95...easy decision. The LV Hilton is a throwback to an older time in Vegas...I mean come on...they have Barry Manilow performing there and the ridiculous Star Trek theme makes me chuckle everytime I walk by and see die-hard trekkies in there like it is some connection to William Shatner and not just a bunch of slot machines with a different plastic insert on the front.Check-in was fast. The room was clean. The bed was great. The pillows were terrible...the pillowcases were thicker than the pillows. But that's standard fare in the hotel industry nowadays. I watched the NCAA championship game in the Sportsbook...which was great because my Jayhawks won. Rock Chalk Baby!I didn't eat on the property because the sushi bar at Benihana wasn't open on Mondays. (???) When is anything ever closed in Vegas? So, I took my $100 dinner expenditure to the N9NE steakhouse at the Palms. Money well spent.All in all, the LV Hilton is an OK property. The only thing truly saving this property from a wrecking ball is its proximity to the LVCC. That fact alone means this old hotel will continue to get older and older.	
Apr 11 2008 	Will go back every year	Awesome hotel! Be sure to ask to stay in one of the remodeled rooms! Great staff in the VIP lounge! Had issues with hot water one night, they put us in a different UPGRADED SUITE for NO CHARGE--excellent customer service! Wonderful Casino, not crowded or smokey-and not I am not saying that because I won big, in fact I was down when I left.It's off the strip but for the price of a 24 hour monorail ticket, it was worth it. You can go to the strip anytime, but are far enough away from it when staying at the Hilton that it's not in your face 24x7.Les is the BEST hotel host on planet earth!Had a GREAT limo driver named Tim, he was AWESOME as well.I would recommend the Hilton to anyone-just be sure to ask for a remodeled room.Buffet you could skip...just an FYI...	
Apr 11 2008	does not deserve the Hilton Name	Does not live up to the Hilton Standard, Not sure where they spent the Millions of Dollars on refit. looks the same as 20 years ago ! We got a good deal, so what we paid and what we got , we cant really moan ( Paid $100) , but had we paid more would have been dissapointted. Rooms OK , but nothing special, Air Conso noisy, as our neigbours where, so the walls are thin !Check in OK, but not overfriendly, The lady on the Players ClubDesk, was so rude, almost didnt bother , I think they forget they are there to serve us the customers !For a Hilton Hotel is not up to It,	
Apr 7 2008 	At least its on the monorail	Rooms fine with surprisingly comfortable bed though missing out on the extras - dressing gown, mini bar etc. Food ok, in fact really quite good in Quarks bar. Best bit is proximity to monorail, this hotel may not be on the strip (hence reasonable price per night) but monorail makes getting around very easy. Would think about staying here again.	
Apr 7 2008	won't stay here again	me and my friends stayed at the suite in the east tower. The check-in was terrible!!! after six hours on the plane without decent food,we expect to get in in a breeze. the room they gave us was not the room we reserved. we had to wait another 30 minutes to get the correct room. ONLY TO FIND ONE OF THE ROOMS STINKING OF CIGARRETTE SMOKE!!! IN A FLOOR THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BE NON-SMOKING. I had to get a roll-away bed to sleep in my friend's room. The bathroom in my room was dusty! They said one block from the strip? Define one block! We had to pay for the monorail(Expensive) to get to the strip! The staff are friendly but it was not what we had expected from a HILTON! Won't stay there again even if the conference is there.	
Apr 4 2008 	Hated it!	This hotel is really outdated! When you reserve it they tell you it has been totally re-done but when you check in you realize the bathroom is from the 80s or even 70s! There is a nice flat screen TV and new carpet but that is about the only remodelling that they have done. The AC does not work either... cannot control the temperature, it has an old thermostat also from the 70s. In my opinion this hotel does not meet regular HILTON standards.... Booked 2 nights wanted and needed to stay one more and the rate was $700!!! Could not believe it... took red-eye home! Would not go back.	
Apr 3 2008 	Terrible service poor overall experience	I stayed at the LV Hilton for a conference in Las Vegas. While it is conveniently located next to the convention center, it is a hotel to be avoided unless you want that proximity to the convention.I discovered on my 2nd day that my phone in the room didn't work. I left a note to let the hotel staff know - the note was taken but the phone still doesn't work. I had to call the hotel front desk from my cellphone the whole time I was there. I ordered room service breakfast a couple of days, and the person on the line was very rude and short with me. He came this close to saying &quot;what the heck do you want and why are you bothering me?&quot; I could hear it in his voice. Same kind of attitude with housekeeping when I asked if they could bring up a toothbrush. The lack of service and attitude was downright obscene - I could have gotten better treatment staying at a Motel 6.	
Apr 1 2008 	Improved rooms	After reading some reviews of the Hilton, I was worried I would get a rundown room. I was happy to get a nice remodeled room.A new flatscreen t.vA very comfortable bed.A nice size bathtub for after golf.The food at the mexican restaurant was very good, and we also enjoyed the margaritas.However, the only negative I found was the casino. It was a older crowd. It wasnt much fun. We went to the Hard Rock casino and had a blast.If your not into gambling, the Hilton is a good deal.	
Mar 29 2008 	Fantastic 5-Day Stay at the Las Vegas Hilton	I just returned from a 5-day stay at the Las Vegas Hilton. It was great and here's why....I arrived very very early on Monday morning and was promptly checked-in. I requested a lower floor and they gave me that in the Central Tower. The room was lovely! Double bed, modern furnishing.... absolutely lovely.I left the room for 3 hours for some casino fun and when I returned to my room, I noticed it was very humid. Apparently there were some plumbing issues, so I was IMMEDIATELY upgraded to another room, compliments of the Hilton. My upgraded room on the 18th floor had a spectacular view of the golf course, in room refridgerator and very nice furnishing. The bed was soooooooooo comfortable. The room (all rooms) have a nice large flat screen TV!On most nights staff will place chocolate candy on the pulled back bedding.The food in the Paradise Cafe was delicious and the sandwiches in the sports grill were huge and tasty. I highly recommend the pastrami / corn beef triple decker!I view the Las Vegas Hilton as a luxury hotel that has practically everything you need. As a matter of fact, I did not leave out of the hotel until 4 days later!Staff in each area of the hotel were professional, accomodating and hospitable. One day, my bed was not completely made up for some reason, but one call to the supervisor resolved that issue expeditiously!Security was prompt in escorting me to my upgraded room.The bellhop was prompt in delivering a package to shipping.My only complaint was that the TV menu was down when it came time to checkout.I had a wonderful stay at the Las Vegas Hilton.	
Mar 29 2008 	Wonderful place to stay	We just returned from our 2nd stay at the LV Hilton. I really love it there. We were given a gorgous room, and it had the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in. The Hilton is a just off the strip but you can catch the monarail at the hilton and within a couple of minutes be right on the strip. The hotel is clean and has very good customer service. The employees are helpful and very nice. The rooms were a good price, and they even comped our room this trip, and no we are not big spenders!	
Mar 28 2008 	A comfortable stay!	I booked the Classic, most basic room at the hilton located in the Central Tower. The room was very clean and spacious, it had a queen bed with two long sofas. I was suprised that the room had three sinks and two closets, big enough for 4 or 5 people. The room I got was nothing fancy, but still looked quite modern and felt really CLEAN. Even though I have never slept on a Murphy bed before, I had a good night's sleep.The casino was very nice as well and all casino personnel I encountered were friendly and helpful. The slots were tight for me though, but they have lots of selection. I would stay there again, a very good value in Las Vegas!	
Mar 27 2008 	Go somewhere else	Too far off the beaten path. My room was very old school Holiday Inn'ish complete with tiny bathroom. Had a meeting there and getting boxes between the bellstand and business center was and continues to be a nightmare. There are too many places in Las Vegas to stay that are much nicer and remember who the customer is.	
Mar 26 2008	Would not recommend	Things began badly at the Las Vegas Hilton, when, in the middle of the night my first night there, a water main broke and the hotel was without water for 13 hours. A maintenance crew had planned to repair an aging pipeline, and this was through no fault of the property's - however, other hotels on the Strip can draw from backup water supplies, and the Hilton is not set up that way, so the blame for the long outage rests a bit with them. The last thing you want to do when you're in Las Vegas is sit in your room because you can't shower. The hotel would only comp half of my night's stay for the inconvenience, which was acceptable, I guess, but I have stayed at less stingy properties. And I *was* staying for a week, and I *was* gambling, too, so it's not as if they weren't getting it all back. I would not recommend staying here just for the no backup water supply alone - that is telling as to how high guests' comfort is on their priority list. Oh, but I should mention that the bottled water in the room, which is typically $4.00 a pop, was offered up for free (Could they afford to part with it?). I was also given a room with a connecting door to the next room, and the threshold (Or lack thereof, in this case) is such that every sound, even casual conversation, permeates into your room from next door. The only reason I didn't check out and head for The Palazzo was because the price was right. But be prepared to trade your savings in for some grief if another main bursts or you have talkative neighbors.	
Mar 12 2008 	This is the worst hotel I've ever experienced!	This is the worst hotel...do not ever stay here!! Our family booked multiple rooms for a family event. We booked 4 months in advance and notified the hotel we would be arriving very late at night. They told us it was no problem at all and our rooms were confirmed for late arrival. When we arrived at 3 am, we were told that there were no clean rooms available and that we'd have to wait at least an hour before our rooms would be ready. We were exhausted from a very long drive and had to be dressed and ready to attend an event by 9 am. The desk clerk informed us that this happens ALL THE TIME and there was nothing she could do about it except to offer us a free dinner (who wants dinner at 3 am?) or we could try to find another hotel (sure thing, on a holiday weekend). After we rejected those ridiculous offers, we complained loudly enough so that we finally got up to a few rooms that they miraculously found for us after waiting only a half hour, instead of an hour! Much to our chagrin, in the morning, when we were in a rush to shower and be ready on time, we found that our shower was backed up, with the tub water quickly rising. We complained later that afternoon and waited an hour for someone to come fix it. The hotel management already knew the shower was backed up before we arrived in the room and no one bothered to take care of fixing it until we complained about it. Obviously, the HIlton does not care one iota about inconveniencing its guests. What is the point of making a reservation if you have no room to go to when you arrive?	
Mar 11 2008 	Avoid this hotel unless at a convention	I've been staying at the LV Hilton regularly since 1995, usually 2-3 per year. I gamble, have had many free stays. Last year (2007) was my last stay. I have changed over to Paris.The Hilton used to be a friendly, somewhat shopworn but OK place to get a free room. Neither the food nor the rooms were extraordinary - byt the free breakfast to gold memebers was OK. I knew many of the dealers and pit bosses and liked the $million blackjack tournament.Then, the property was sold to Resorts - and it bean to change for the worse. Many of the old timers left for other jobs. The new staff was not as experienced and not as friendly.Finally, on my last stay, I was doing well - up about $3,000. I was in a room with a Murphy bed, no safe, so I had the money stashed in my laptop case, but well 'hidden in plain view' - in two separate envelopes tucked away out of sight. I also left some 'tell-tales' - items placed just so on and in the laptop case.When I returned, the tiems had been moved. I looked in the envelopes and $40 was gone from one, $200 from the other (I had written the amount on each). The maid had serviced the room. I called security, they sent up a detective and I told him the whole story, showed him the evidence, etc. He wrote it all down, left, and that was it. I realize that legally they are not responsible, but thought I should have been given something. After that, I carried the money with me. Later, I got a questionnaire about the stay, and repeated the whole business. Nothing. Not even a sorry.I am a frequent traveler all over the world and very rarely have had anything taken from my room (only 3 times, all in the past 2 years, all in the US, all money). Now I stay at Paris - nicer place - also for free - and keep my money in the safe or on me.	
Feb 28 2008	Don't expect service!	First the only good news - the rate was good! As a HH Diamond member, usually get VIP treatment. This stay not at all up to Hilton standards. You are made to feel like you should report to your one of 2,000 rooms and just go away. Got an upgrade to a very ordinary room. Amenity was two free bottles of water per stay. No coffee maker, shampoo was rationed one per day, shower gel and conditioner was unavailable, no robes. A special Diamond member desk was there, made a simple request every day for three days and never got a response or a checkup. Spa was nice but otherwise don't recommend it if you want more than a place to sleep.	
Feb 28 2008 	After a somewhat minor start a further fantastic stay	This hotel has two websites, the Hilton and their own lvhilton website. It is only on the lvhilton website possible to book executive rooms or suites. I made a reservation well in advance on the general Hilton website for the most expensive room available, a deluxe with Strip view. As a Diamond HHonors member I would get an upgrade. With check-in there is no desk for HHonors, only for VIP’s where a young woman assisted me. Yes, I would get my upgrade, from a deluxe Strip view to a …………… deluxe Strip view!!! I found it hard to accept this and said that Diamond members normally would get an executive room and access to the lounge in a Hilton hotel. She refused and went away to talk with her superiors. After 10 minutes she returned, but couldn’t give me the upgrade. As I told that if I had known this I would have booked the standard room instead of the most expensive one, she agreed to let me pay less for my room, which I accepted. With arrival we used the valet parking, a very convenient and good (free) service. We also used the luggage service; this was first-class as well. Within 15 minutes after our arrival and call from our room, the luggage was delivered. The room itself was great. We had a room in the North wing on the 27th floor, very luxury and with the best beds of our whole trip. The bathroom was marble and the bath was bigger than a standard one. There were nice amenities such as ‘mud’ sea soap, other good quality shampoo’s and so on. There is a refrigerator but there are no coffee/tea facilities, which we really missed. The view is not spectacular, as the Wynn Hotel limits the sight of the Strip. We used the monorail to go to the Strip, got off at the last station at MGM and walked back till the Wynn hotel. From there we took a taxi back to the Hilton. We didn’t mind at all to have a hotel that is further away from the Strip. In the evening we went to the Buffet restaurant, it was not the best, somewhat below expectations. The next morning the Breakfast Buffet however was fantastic! An enormous variety, I think over 20, different kind of fruits, all kinds of hot items, eggs in all ways, and also many cheeses etc. The Buffet is free for Gold and Diamond HHonors members, but for just $4.99 p.p. it is an enormous deal, to be highly recommended. So, after they handled the misunderstanding about the upgrade in a very client friendly way, I can just say that we had an excellent stay. In a Hotel with so many rooms it is of course hard to get personal attention, but whenever we will be in Las Vegas in the future, we will certainly book this Hilton again.	
Feb 24 2008 	Bad experience!	We were shocked at how bad the Hilton service could be. We arrived at the hotel around midnight (3 am our time), but we had called earlier and told them that we would have a late arriving plane. When we got there there were other people complaining about their rooms, but we remained optimistic. When we finally got to our room, we thought great - a large room with bar, couch, and dining area - BUT, there was no bed!! (My husband and I had been up for nearly hours at this point) I called down at 12:30 am and they said they would bring up a hide-a-bed. Did I mention the room was around 50 degrees, and the thermostat didn't work?? Around 1:30 am after making two more phone calls and no bed, my husband and I marched down the the front desk. To make a long story short, the hotel had overbooked the rooms and were renovating other rooms that they did not want to have used that night. After threatening to have them pay for another room at another hotel, they gave us that night free, and got us another room (miraculously!) of course this was at 3:30 am (we had been up for 24 hrs. straight, and had to be up at 6:30 for convention stuff. We will never return here. This was not an isolated incident, either (many other convention attendees had the same issue.	
Feb 24 2008	nightmare!!!	Avoid the Las Vegas Hilton at all costs. This place is a nightmare. To begin with our reservation got messed up. We were supposed to have 3 nights free and 2 nights @ $75 ea. That finally got straightened out prior to arrival. We arrived in a limo and the driver had to help take our luggage in as there was no bell staff available at the front entrance. The front desk staff is utterly clueless as check-in took over 45 minutes and there were only 3 people in line ahead of me. Upon arriving in our room, we discovered it was dirty....the beds were stripped and the trash and dirty sheets were still in the room, beds were unmade, wet towels everywhere. The room was a non-smoking room even though we requested a smoking room and was told that we were indeed going to be in a smoking room. We called the front desk and 45 minutes later they sent a bellman with keys to a new room in the North Tower. We were moved to a suite that was also a non-smoking room and only had 1 bed for 3 people. Once again we called the front desk and were told it was ok to smoke in the non-smoking rooms and they sent up ashtrays. We were so tired we decided to make the best of it and unpacked EVERYTHING!!! The next morning we came back to the room after breakfast and had a message from the front desk that we had to move to another room due to plumbing problems. As we moved to our 3rd room (in less than 12 hrs) we noticed a message on that phone...the previous guest had been moved for plumbing problems in that room. We spent the remainder of our stay in a room that had only 1 working lamp, a tub that wouldn't drain, toilet that backed up, and windows so filthy you could barely see out of them. Upon check out we were charged $2 per bottle of water. Of course we refused to pay....no mention of a charge for bottle water was ever made. We did get 3 free buffets and one of the $75 room charges waived for our inconvenience. However, I will never stay here again even for free. The staff behaved as if it was a bother to assist you with anything. The only positive thing about the whole property was the casino which had a great variety of games...however most of the casino was blocked off for 3 days while they changed the carpet out. Old carpet is the least of their problems. The place is old, worn out, and the beds have fecal stains. Room service carts are left in the halls for days. If you want a great value and a clean room and friendly staff stay at the Luxor. We left the Hilton to enjoy the rest of our stay at Luxor and they really go out of their way there.	
Feb 11 2008 	CLEAN GOOD LOCATION w/ A FEW MINOR NEEDS	PREFACE: I visited the Las Vegas Hilton 02-7-2008 to 02-09-2008 and stayed in room 1778 (East Tower). This was a non-smoking floor and that was nice! The linens never smelled of smoke either! The hotel is about 2 blocks from Las Vegas Strip on the North End (Would be a decent walk to any attractions but it has a Monorail Station connected which would ease someone getting to strip attractions, although I did not try this...check for coupons for all-day passes for about $8) This was my 2nd trip to Las Vegas. I was there with others and planned to see attractions and bet a little. I'm 28, wife is 26. Travelled with 10 y/o girl belonging to friends we went with.FIRST IMPRESSIONS: The entrance is GRAND! The check-in area, casino floor, and resturants were all updated, clean, and getting around was fairly easy (I only got lost 1 time looking for the ICE machine on my floor).ROOM: Upon entry into my room the first thing I do in any room after setting down the bags is turn on the TV. The room had a nice flatscreen TV. The remote did not seem to work, so I found a lady cleaning down the hall and she replaced my remote. I still had trouble getting the TV to turn on and finally found out that each time I turned the power on, I needed to push &quot;power&quot; again to get it programed to work for that TV (no instructions and a pain to do each time). I counted only 20 channels that were in English and not hotel or Vegas channels. Good enough I suppose for a few days.Next I opened the large window coverings and had a nice view of the Stratosphere Tower, Las Vegas Country Club, and mountains far off. Nice window view for the $ and the windows themselves were very large (floor to ceilling, wall to wall)!BEDS: The beds were very comfortable and soft (I prefer a soft bed and pillows) I slept well every night! The furnishings were very nicely updated and clean. Hilton particpates in &quot;Conserve to Preserve&quot; program which basically means if you don't need/want your bedding washed and changed each day, you would put a note (provided) on the pillows. If the note is not placed on the pillow, then your bedding will just be made. I liked this feature (and opted to just have the beds made).BATHROOM: Next I went into the bathroom. The first thing I noticed was a marble tile on the side of the tub was completely off and exposing some plaster and plumbing. The tile was leaning up against the wall behind the toilet. This was a joking point with the others in my party. The tub was very large and the sink was nice. The marble floor and tub was nice!SHOWER: When I took a shower, the shower head was a water-saver model and felt &quot;airy&quot; and not very soothing due to the pressure. It felt like I was in a car wash. I'm only 5'8&quot; and I had to bend backwards to get water on top of my head. I felt sorry for a taller visitors. The tub ceiling felt too low even for me. The water temp fluctuated a bit but nothing too noticable. Overall the bathroom was probably a 2 out of 5 for me.I then looked for a coffee maker and never found one. The bottled water available was $4--so I brought in my own. The refrigerator hidden under the TV was nice. The programmable safe was nice, but I did not use this. The furnishings were all very nice and updated.OTHER THINGS:Each time I left the hotel out the east tower doors, I was walking through someone smoking and sometimes it was a hotel employee (get a smoking area for them please). One time I walked out to find an elderly lady had fallen and needed assistance to get up fully. I helped her up and she thanked me (as an employee looked on and did not offer any assistance--probably to busy to stop taking drags on their cig).ALSO---several times the elevator on the East Tower would stop at the 11th floor for no reason at all......spooky!GAMBLING: The Superbook staff was moderately helpful and friendly to a novice like myself. They weren't as helpful or as friendly as other betting facilities I have been to, but they weren't rude.My wife and I played some video slots and walked away winners (nothing big to brag about, but we had a lot of fun). The only gripe about the casino floor was the lack of servers. It took me walking around looking for someone to come take our orders. The one server I did find told me that she only worked a certain area and not where we were. That's fine but she could have offered to get someone to help us out. They seemed understaffed for a Friday Night! Once the lady did come she was friendly and quick in getting our orders to us. However, I am usually checked on for a drink a lot more often at other casinos. I played some video-assisted Roulette and that was fun because it goes a lot faster than regular play with chips. HOTEL RESTURANT:Paradise Cafe- The only 1 I ate at. We were quickly seated for breakfest. After a few minutes we started to hear the sound of a grinding or cut off wheel behind the scenes where they were doing some sort of construction. This was highly annoying and distracting so we moved to a different part of the resturant. The staff was very nice and the food was very good for the price. I just hope their construction ends quickly or they work at a different time of the day--not the busiest.ATTRACTIONS I VISITED:Peppermill resturant (on the strip)--GREAT ATMOSPHERE and GREAT FOOD (huge servings for $-average meal about $15)Madame Tussauds Wax Museum- Worth the $25 (SEE PICS)Freemont Street- Neat, nice place to spend a few hours-free (SEE PICS)Red Rock Canyon- Beautiful 10 mile drive into a canyon with awsome views. Nice to get out of the car and hike down into. $5 car load price.Lied Discover Children's Museum- Located in Downtown at LV Library, $8/adult, neat for kids and parents, lots of hands-on science exhibits, friendly staff. Just beware of homeless folks that linger outside, if you ignore them, they ignore you. Las Vegas Zoo- in downtown area, had fun getting into Goat pin and feeding them....lots of cool birds, monkies, gator, emu's, a couple of tigers, etc. Beware of the pigeons and chickens that follow vistors around---kinda funny! It's what you would expect to see and experience for $7/adult....but it's NON-Profit, so that's good. (SEE PICS)Stratosphere Tower- GO AT NIGHT! Worth the $10 trip to get up. Rides at the top cost extra $10 and unless you have the NO FEAR GENE don't bother.....I am pretty fearless but those looked even too much for me! Observation Deck outside is cool and at about 1,200 feet! (SEE PICS)RIO Mardi Gras Show- Very Fun....goes around the ceiling of the Casino every hour I think, lasts about 15min. Dancers throw beads (no need to show anything)....Stand along the 2nd level to get best show and most beads! (SEE PICS)Star Trek Museum/Rides at Hilton- I'm not a Treky but it was cool. The normal admission is $42/adult (but we found $10 coupons) This was still too much for my tastes but the 10y/o loved it (again). The rides were ok...nothing to be too thrilled about. The staff in costumes stayed in character well and were friendly.OTHER RESTURANTS:Rio Buffett- Pricey but worth it! Lots of choices. Look for coupons in hotels for a free steak (but our steaks weren't that great).Stratosphere Buffett- Better priced than Rio and pretty good food. Fri and Sat nights have better seafood selections (crab legs).OVERALL HOTEL EXPERIENCE:PROS: Clean, Priced Appropriately, Updated Furnishings, Comfortable Beds, Access to Monorail, easy parking, Nice Casino, Environmentally Friendly, good resturants, Non-Smoking Floors.CONS: Bathroom shower head, broken tile, Smoking staff outside doors, lack of servers on casino floor, Elevator on East Tower mystriously stops on 11th Floor, No coffee-maker, weird TV remote.(We didn't try out the pool, spa, or fitness center, so no opinion)I WOULD RECOMMEND AND STAY HERE AGAIN, despite the few problems. It's VEGAS....and it's been fun! Hope to get back there soon!	
Feb 5 2008 	Underwhelmed at the LV Hilton	Me and my husband booked 3 nights at the Las Vegas Hilton as a result of a promotional invitation. This hotel is just off the strip. We rented a car in order to visit friends in the outlying areas. However, if you plan to stay on &quot;the strip&quot; the hotel's close proximity to the monorail renders a car superfluous. We requested a room with a king bed. When we checked in we were advised that there were none available. We offered to wait until departing guest had checked out. However, we were informed that even the rooms that were checking out had been accounted for. Okay, so we were assigned a room with 2 queen beds in the newly renovated section. The room was lovely. The bed was comfortable. The housekeeping was another matter. On our second night we returned late in the evening to discover that the bed in which we had slept had not been made. A call to housekeeping resulted in a visit from a housekeeper who knocked on our door and handed us 2 pillow cases. After informing us that she had neither been assigned to &quot;dress&quot; the pillows nor make up the bed we had to wait for yet, another housekeeper to come and make up the bed. A half filled glass of water remained on the dresser for the duration of our stay. We accumulated a few hundred dollars in credits at a NJ casino that could only be redeemed at one of their affiliated casinos in another state. This was one of the main reasons for choosing to stay at this property. At the time of booking I was assured that the credits could be used for &quot;any of the hotel charges&quot;. I confirmed this at check in. However, after eating lunch at &quot;Quarks&quot; we were advised that it is the ONLY restaurant in the Hilton at which these &quot;Destination Dollars&quot; could not be honored. The hotel buffet was passable, but not notable. We were unable to use the &quot;print your airline boarding pass&quot; because, both of the designated computers were out of order. When I reported this outage, I receieved NO help nor offer to help. I did however, receive an astonished &quot;It's not working? Try the other one.&quot; This was followed by a hasty retreat, (lest I ask for assistance).Overall, we found the hotel service to be inconsistent. When we checked out, the reservationist was perplexed as to why our credits could not be applied to the Quarks bill, which we had charged to our room. After confirming that Destination Dollars could not be used to satisfy the Quarks bill, she returned and said that &quot;I wish they would tell us these things.&quot; Yes,------ indeed.	
Feb 3 2008	Good experience	I stayed at this hotel for three days in January. We stayed in a newly updated room. It was clean and large. Great TV. The remote didn't work, and it took 4 phone calls to finally get someone up to fix it. We had a traveler with us who uses a wheelchair, and found the bed too high for him to get into. The housekeeping supervisor on our floor (I believe her name was Dorothy) got some help, and took the box springs off and placed the matteress directly on the platform. Worked great. He was much more comforable. He also broke the strap that holds his foot on the wheelchair. Dorothy arranged for it to be fixed. Way above the call of duty. All in all, a fine stay.	
Feb 2 2008 	OK not luxurious	Family of 4 stayed at LVH for two nights MLK weekend. The hotel makes an imposing first impression as you first approach. Several blocks from the Strip, the Hilton is much taller than anything nearby, so it looks very striking. Perhaps that first impression is problematic as it sets an expectation of high-class accommodation that the relatively modest interior cannot live up to. Not that there’s anything unattractive or overworn about the inside: everything is clean and Vegas-sparkly. But when a building is literally a white tower that seems a match for anything on the Las Vegas skyline, it’s a little disappointing when you get inside and realize you’re not in the Bellagio, the Wynn, or even Treasure Island. You’re in a Hilton that, minus the gaming and Barry Manilow, would be very much at home in any large city.Check-in was efficient and pleasant. The furnishings in our double-double were more upscale than you usually see at this price ($140). We were pleasantly surprised to find a refrigerator in the room. There was sufficient space for the four of us; indeed I had chosen the LVH over comparably priced accommodations on the Strip because of the greater square footage. The presence of the monorail mitigates the Hilton’s distance from the Strip. The monorail is easy, with frequent trains, and the $9 all-day ticket pays is a bargain.Though we were not interested in swimming, with temperatures in the 40s, I’ll mention that LVH’s pool was being renovated and guests were invited to use the pool at the neighboring Hilton Grand Vacations timeshare.We ate one late dinner and one breakfast in the coffee shop, essentially a Denny’s in ambience and quality. Because my mother-in-law scored us two free passes to the Hilton’s buffet from her gamblers’ club, we had a brunch there. It was the most unimpressive buffet I’ve seen in Vegas. Nothing was bad, but the selection was tiny and there was nothing unusual on the menu.Here’s the one big downer we experienced: poor service from maintenance. Showering the first morning, we found that the tub drained very slowly, so I called and asked for our drain to be snaked. When we returned to our room mid-afternoon, we found that the service had not been performed. I called again. Returning after 10:00 pm, we found that they had again failed to take care of the problem. On my third call, I sensed that the operator was blowing me off, so I pressed her for an estimated time of service (“We want to go to sleep” I said). That whine brought the desired result. A maintenance man came within 15 minutes, quickly took care of the problem, then called a housekeeper to clean up after him. She arrived and finished the job very quickly.When I checked out via the TV, I saw the bill I had expected. But two weeks later, no charge from the Hilton has appeared on my credit card and there’s no e-folio for the stay in my Hilton Honors account. I wonder if they comp’ed me because of the service problem...All in all, I would recommend the LVH for its value. But you need to be sure you know what you’re getting: an average Hilton.	
Jan 29 2008 	Very pleased	We were a little worried about this hotel after reading all the negative reviews, but since we only really needed a bed for the night after our flight from the UK and before our drive to San Diego, we decided it was worth the risk! My husband is a bit of a &quot;Trekkie&quot; and I was interested in the &quot;Elvis&quot; connection.I must say we were very impressed with all aspects of this hotel. We arrived about 3pm and were checked in immediately by very polite and efficient staff. We had booked a superior king room with strip view (although the mountain view was easily as acceptable). The room was large and equipped with a flat screen TV. The bathroom was plenty big enough with all the normal niceties. Shame about no coffee machine, but I understand that's normal for Vegas hotels apparently.There was a very good 24 hours coffee bar just off the lobby so we didn't suffer from thirst!We had dinner in Quarks Bar which really is a &quot;must see&quot;. Excellent choice and value for money. And the cocktails were definitely moorish.Being off the strip it was much quieter than the other casinos, but again, we didn't have a problem with that since we aren't really gamblers (I thought we'd done well when we won $10 on the one arm bandits!).The monorail couldn't have been more convenient, and was easy, clean and safe to travel on.All in all we were more than satisfied with this hotel. I got a good rate of $115 for the saturday night and consider that it was value for money.The only thing stopping me from staying here again would be the fact I prefer to be on the strip itself. We returned the following week from our travels through California and stayed at the Bellagio which I have left a seperate review for. But we did return for dinner at Quarks again! And I would have no problems in recommending this hotel to friends. At just over $100 per night it's good, if I were paying the same rates as at the Bellagio, I may have been a little disappointed, but there was nothing to get really upset about.	
Jan 26 2008 	Nothing Special	I have stayed at this hotel twice and was underwhelmed both times. I gave the hotel the benefit of the doubt since I am a Hilton gold member and am generally very pleased with Hilton hotels. It is very outdated, not to mention that it is off the strip and away from all of the action. The staff is not extremely helpful, and it took them a few hours to come up to my room to fix a leaking condensation line from the air conditioner. The pool scene is almost depressing. I am not staying here on my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Jan 17 2008 	Very disappointing. NEVER AGAIN	As someone who has stayed in many Las Vegas hotels on and off the Strip over the years, I was expecting a minimum standard for this off the beaten path hotel on Paradise Road which is quite far from the Strip. I booked there because I was attending an industry conference at the attached convention center and thought it would not be too bad. I was disappointed over and over again during my stay. I booked a KING BED SUPERIOR ROOM STRIPVIEW on the hotel website- the most expensive rate available and as a Hilton Platinum Member was excepting something decent but...First, check-in (7pm)Pb 1: No special line for Hilton Platinum Members, only one for VIPs which was not manned by anyone. Fine, I lined up with everyone else for the 2 receptionist on duty. 15 mins waitPb 2: Showed my credit card and was asked to sign my name on the electronic screen. My rate and length of my stay were never confirmed. I was just given keys by the harried attendant who pointed out which elevator bank I should take ( a 5 mns walk)Pb 3: She gave me the wrong directions! After going up and finding it was the wrong tower, I came back down and went to the correct tower. Another 5 mns walk!Pb 4: Entering my room, I noted that a) it was not a king, b) it was not &quot;strip&quot; view. I called the front desk to change rooms and was asked to come back to the lobby since there was no one who could quicly come up to me with keys to a new roomPb 5: back down at the front desk, I was now suspicious and caught the receptionist trying to give me a room near the elevators even though my Hilton profile specifically indicate that this was not my preferencePb 6 finally entering the correct room -it is now past 8pm, more than one hour after I lined up to check in. The room was just ordinary, standard hotel furniture, a rather used look but no obvious hygiene problem. Strip view? Yeah, far far away you can glimpse the Winn hotel on the left and the Stratosphere on the rightStay:The whole hotel looks old and tired. Game area was sad with mostly an over 60s crowd playing the penny machines.Pool was closed for renovation, only option was to schelp over to the Hilton Grand Vacation on the strip (a 1/2h walk or take a cab) and show your card if you want to use the pool. I wonder if anyone ever did that?Since it was late that first day, I decided to have dinner in the Hotel Steakhouse (TJ's) with a colleague. Big mistake. Restaurant decor was abysmal, prices were expensive and service was very poor. The only reedeming thing was a pretty decent steak but I think it is hard to mess up a 22oz filet mignon. At $80 per person including a glass of wine, it was definitely not worth it.Other nights, I went on the strip but this hotel is so far from everything, there is NOTHING within 20 mns walk. Use the taxis if you can afford it or the monorail if you can't. I still remember the days when the monorail was free! Not anymore my friends.Room: Inconsistent evening turn-overs. One day it was done, another it was not. Don't care too much either way but if you do or don't do something be consistent! Usual dime and nickel in the room, $3 water bottles with Hilton Brand name so you can't drink it and replace it by a cheaper one from a supermarket. High speed internet at $12.99. Thank god for my laptop air card. Local phone calls at $1. Thank god for my cell.Fax number: not written on the room phone! Why? They don't want folks to receive faxes free! They want you to use the business center fax number where you will pay dearly! Still faxed myself my return flight boarding pass but had to pick it up downstairs and bluntly refuse to pay the $1 they wanted for the privilege. How cheap!ATM: don't withdraw cash there!!!! Apart from the usual $3 surchage, a colleague who tried to withdraw money was given instead a print out to take to the Casino cage because the machine had ran out of cash. There, he was asked to show his card and ID which were photocopied, sign some documents, appose his fingerprint (!) and wait for 10 mns before they reluctantly gave him his measly $100!!! UNBELIEVABLE!Convention Food: catered by Hilton: abysmal. Even though the organizers had payed for a packaged breakfast for the attendees, there was insufficient items. Bagels and hot water ran out after 10mns and were never replaced. A little reception around 6pm the first day had the worst appetizers I had tasted anywhere.I could go on and on but bottom line never again! If you can afford it, pay a bit more and go elsewhere or do your research and pay less and go elsewhere. Only come visit if you want to do the Star Trek experience or attend one of their shows which feature mostly have-beens anyway.I can't wait to give the same feedback when Hilton sends me a comment on your stay request as they always do!	
Jan 12 2008 	Overall a good full-service hotel	This was my first stay at the LV Hilton. I attend a couple of conventions located next door in the LV Convention Center each year, but in the past it's been too expensive to stay here. This time they lowered the prices significantly a few days before the CES to $86/night for a King strip view room. As a Gold VIP I was upgraded to a premium (renovated) King strip view room. It had a 42&quot; non-hdtv. The room's windows were very dirty on the outside and it was very hard to see the strip, or anything else, through the windows. This was made worse by the Hilton's ground lights shining upwards to light the building structure effectively whiting out the glass making it hard to see anything (so much for the strip view added cost). Housekeeping entered my room and did a full service on the 2nd day despite a do not disturb sign in the key card slot. At checkout they made a mistake and gave me my finalized bill with a $99.95/night rate. I told the desk person Maryjana that it was too high and she printed another with a price adjustment that was still incorrect and only subracted $9.95/night. On the 3rd try and after about 25 minutes they finally got it right.The coffee shop in the main lobby is EXCELLENT, the Mexican restaurant is very good, the all-night cafe is just OK. 24 hour room service prices are reasonable and there are plenty of shops and food places within the hotel. The monorail stops at this hotel and it only costs a few dollars each way to get access to the strip hotels and activities. Valet service was very good.	
Jan 8 2008 	Very Nice	Stayed there for 3 nights. Staff is very friendly and efficiant, the rooms are super comfy and spacious. It's not the most amazing looking hotel in Vegas but I would still recommand it!	
Jan 4 2008 	Good service	Its our first stay at that hotel.Reaaly like service there.Entertain also at night.	
Jan 4 2008 	Very stately and very Hilton - a good hotel	I took an extended weekend and flew to Vegas. I got a good price at the Hilton and booked a room there.It is a huge hotel and there was some construction going on, but mostly in the public spaces down below. The location is convenient enough, but not the greatest compared to, say, Bellagio/Paris/Caesar/Venetian/Wynn. It is a stop on the Las Vegas monorail (which makes me laugh because I always thought it was FREE and subsidized by the hotels, but it's NOT free). It is a little east of the Strip. Now, if one goes too far east of the hotel, the area goes downhill real fast.I used the health club which is nice and ate some fast food in the food court but did not use other amenities. However, as one would expect from a large important Hilton property, the room was large, comfortable, well-appointed and tasteful. It was on a higher floor, so the view was good, too. In short, I spent a comfortable couple of nights here.Depending on when you book it, this hotel can be expensive or it can be a bargain. If it's in the lower half of its &quot;price spread&quot; and you have a car to get you where you want to go, then go for it.	
Jan 4 2008 	Better than I expected.	We stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton over Labor Day Weekend 2007. Checking in didn't take long and we ended up receiving a strip view upgrade at no charge. The rooms were clean and we had no disputes with our bill. The pool was a little small and simple, but pleasant. On a personal note, the music was terrible at the pool. I'm a DJ and music, even background, can set the tone. Ambient bla early and played out 90s top 40 in the afternoon gets old, especially when they play the same songs in the same order each day (3 days to my knowledge).The casino was a little out-dated as far as look goes with the exception of the Star Trek theme section (which tended to be a mostly empty slot machine area).Being off the strip is really not an issue here. There is a monorail station at the hotel which is very convenient for getting to and from all major casinos and the strip. My only issue with the monorail is it stops running around 3am. If you rely on the monorail, you have to be aware of what time it is late night.Overall, if you're looking to stay in Las Vegas at a hotel that has all the standards you'd expect: casino, a few theme restaurants, and a pool scene, then the Las Vegas Hilton will do just fine.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Experience	It was definitely a great travel experience to stay in Las Vegas Hilton. The services were incredible and I have never experienced such great services before. I strongly recommend this hotel to the Las Vegas visitors!!!	
Jan 2 2008 	LVHilton attempted to charge over booked rate!	We have stayed at most of the hotels on the strip (Mandalay Bay, Caesar’s Palace, Paris, Mirage, Luxor, TI, MGM Grand, NYNY etc.) but wanted to try the LV Hilton because it has such a great history. I made a reservation using the Hilton website but then found a cheaper rate for a renovated room on the LVHilton website. I was not emailed a confirmation (but had a number) for the new less expensive rate and when we arrived at the hotel, the desk clerk tried to hurry us through check-in without a review of the terms. I knew better and asked to see them and as I suspected, the hotel had increased the room rate for one of the 3 nights of our stay significantly. I wonder if this could this could be a typical tactic for this hotel - we had to call a manager to get this matter corrected! Our stay at this hotel was off to a rough start. Strike one.Finally getting through the check-in process we were mostly pleased with the room. The LV Hilton made a good attempt to modernize the rooms, but the hallways are still something from the 1970’s. We were on a Non-smoking floor but during our first night, I could smell cigarette smoke like it was next door (maybe it was). And the satellite TV was out on New Year's Eve so we couldn't watch the Bowl Games as we dressed for the evening. Strike two.We never saw housekeeping, but our room was made up by the time we returned in the early afternoon every day. The bed was too soft and as soon as I hit those sheets, I developed a rash on my legs. Strike three. I normally visit the Spa and workout facilities when I stay in Vegas, but didn’t this time so I have no opinion on those (maybe I sub-consciously knew better). And we dined elsewhere, so I have no idea about the LV Hilton food.This hotel is in a good location if you want to be close to the action sans Las Vegas Blvd crowds and noise. The hotel is right on the Monorail, but if you have a car, parking is free. The casino and Sports Book are adequate but more comfortable and luxurious accommodations can be found elsewhere for the same price. I would advise staying here only if you find a rate less than $100 per night to compensate for the shortcomings of the property.	
Jan 1 2008 	Nice Hotel	Very nice hotel with great rooms. It is off the beaten path a little but the monorail can get you where you need to go on the strip for 9.00 a day. Casino is nice but the service for drinks is not the best in the world. We checked in at midnight and it was extremely slow due to lack of staff.	
Jan 1 2008 	Great room but off strip	The Hilton in Las Vegas had very nice rooms. We were upgrade to a sweet for our stay. The room was huge and the view was fantastic. The service was good at the hotel and the hotel coffee shop had great pasteries. The theme of the hotel is Star Trek which is no interest to me, but the hotel was great overall. The montarail has a stop at the Hilton so that is very handy as well.	
Jan 1 2008	A Really Great Experience	We stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights in December and was very pleasantly surprised after reading all the reviews - take no notice of all the bad reviews - this hotel is great very clean extremely comfortable - all the staff were very helpful - we preferred being just off the strip - it is so easy to get anywhere with all the travel options - shopping at the premium outlet was great with only a $10 cab ride away - we could have stayed at our hotel for a week without having to go out anywhere there is just so much to see and do - the casino staff were very helpful and the room service food was great very quick and nicely presented and all for a really good price not ripped off - all in all I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and would only stay at this Hilton on my return to Vegas. We looked at most of the other hotels and all they seemed to be were commercial money traps. the Hilton is the best value for money anywhere in Vegas and I would be prepared to pay more for the service we received.	
Dec 31 2007 	Better than the reviews!	After reading the reviews about this hotel, I was somewhat skeptical, but we were getting to stay there for only $55 a night, so my husband and I took our chances. It was nice. We had a renovated room, which was clean and nicely decorated. Check-in was simple and I checked out on the TV, so it was easy. We ate in a couple of restaurants, but I particularly enjoyed the Brunch buffet at the buffet. Great mimosa's! We attended the $250,00 Game Show. Save your money. Unless you were called on stage, it wasn't much fun. Barry Manilow was awesome, though.On the whole, we would recommend the Hilton for a nice time. A lot quieter surroundings than the strip, not as much hustle and bustle. We do not gamble much, but did lose $20 quickly in the quarter slots.	
Dec 30 2007 	Too Noisey	We have just returned from a six night stay. Checkin was fine after a short wait. We upgraded to one of the refurbished rooms.The room, north tower, floor 25 was clean and comfortable. The shower was fine after a 2min wait for hot water to appear, the sink was just as bad. The bed was very comfortable. The new lcd tv was big and picture quality very poor, worst I've seen in USA! Finding a HP deskjet printer on the desk was unexpected and if I was on business a real bonus. The room had one major problem, NOISE. Noise from the corridor and adjacent rooms was always audible and frequently woke us up. On one occasion a family checked into the adjoining room at 1:30am and promptly had a loud argument. This was soon followed by the bellstaff hammering on the door to deliver luggage, then houskeeping hammering on the door. So even the staff have no respect for guests, despite the 'do not disturb signs' on many guest rooms. A complaint to the management was listened to but basically ignored with a 'just phone security'. The other major hotel problem was access. The North Tower has 4 lifts, only ever saw 3 working and 'waiting in line' to go up was frequent. Descending was far worse with many guests waiting 15 to 20 mins.The food at Paradise Cafe was ok, service was a bit slow at times. Our party had two meals at Casa Nicola, both very good with good service. To sum up, if you can sleep with loads of background noise, or like the air-conditioning flat out to drown the other noise, its a great hotel!	
Dec 30 2007 	Nice hotel	We've just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hilton. This will be our 5th stay over the past 2 years. Overall, we've been happy with the hotel. We have relatives that we visit on a regular basis, so being off the strip a bit doesn't bother us since we have a car to use. Also, if you're there for a convention, you can't beat the location. If you're wanting to be close to the 'action' of the Strip, then it's not so convient. Yes, the monorail station is right by the front entrance but the monorail isn't running as often and the stops are usually in the back of all the properties, so you have to walk quite a ways to get to the casinos in the front. Here's a quick run down of the hotel:1) Rooms: we've stayed in rooms at all the different towers--they're all similiar, except for the view. The view of the Strip is nice, but it's far away so it's not so spectacular. The rooms have all been remodeled--new large oval tubs and fixtures, new granite tiles, new furniture, flat screen TV's. The beds were excellent--it's the Hilton's version of Marriot's Heavenly bed. The bed linens were also upgraded with down pillows. The curtains are operated by a motor, the room we stayed in on this trip--it was broken already. Be careful about the 'complimentary' bottled water for Resort Club guests--don't use them unless you've paid or got upgraded to the 'Resort Club'--which isn't included for the standard rooms.If you're staying at the North tower, I'ld recommend walking down the hall and using the Central tower elevators since the North elevators were always full and seems smaller.2) Restaurants: the buffet is okay. Not on the same level as the more expensive resorts (Bellagio, Paris, Wynn, etc.), but then again, you're not paying the $$$$. Often you can get some kind of comp/promotion and get it for free or 2 for 1--then it's worth it. The Asian garden (where the Asian restaurants are) is beautiful--the whole thing is indoors and is about 3 stories high and they simulate a rain fall every 10 minutes or so. You can walk in to look around or just have a drink in the bar/lounge area. We've eaten at the Chinese noodle restaurant (888 noodle house) and the food was excellent--it's an open kitchen and you can watch the chefs make your food. We've just eaten at the steak house(TJ's Steakhouse) and it's good--standard 'businessmen' steakhouse menu. Nothing trendy, but satifying(they have a 22oz. ribeyes and porterhouse steaks)There's a Pizza Hut express and a counter service take-out coffee shop at the back of the North tower--great for something quick and inexpensive. It's a ways back, but that's the entrance closest to the self-parking.3) Service: Staff is good. Only complaint was that I couldn't reach anyone in housekeeping(kept on hold) to get extra towels one evening. 4) Casino: Good size, much bigger than Downtown casino's but not as large as the newer 'mega' resorts (Wynn, Venetian, MGM). Lots of penny slots.5) Pool/spa: gym is on the smaller size and the pool is nice circular shape. Nothing fancy, but adequate to cool off if you're tanning by the pool. No waterfalls or slides. 6) Attractions: Star Trek--The Experience is awesome. Especially if you're a 'trekkie'! Even if you're not a big fan, the rides are fun. The Borg 3-D ride is a little scary for younger kids since you interact with 'borgs'. Quark's restaurant is fun--a little pricey, but you're paying for the 'experience' (be sure to get the flaming Ribs of Taurg and the different group drink specials). There's usually coupons for discounts to the show. The best discount that anyone can get is at the 1/2 price ticket outlets--they were selling tickets to the attraction for $21.50.	
Dec 30 2007 	A Very Pleasant Stay	I stayed 3 nights at the Las Vegas Hilton during Christmas week 2007. The main reason that I chose this hotel was the excellent rate of $59.95 (and Hilton Honors points). I was given a very nice room on the 28th floor with a strip view and a 4 poster bed. Some nice amenities were also included such as robes, toiletries, two cocktails, spa visits, and a couple of buffets. Overall the hotel and casino were both nicer than I had expected. Service was good and the employees working the tables were friendly. I visit Vegas a couple times a year and try to stay at different properties (based on room rates). While the LV Hilton does not provide the same luxury as the Bellagio or the Wynn, I did have a very nice stay and would certainly return if the price was right.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great Hotel to stay as a family	We stayed at this hotel with our 2 sons (under 10) and we had a great time staying in this hotel. Hotel was clean and very well maintained in comparison to other hotels running under $100/night.Might be a disappointment for the gamblers bcoz of a small casino floor but you can always walk to other strip hotels for gambling.Its a great hotel in terms of service and peace. We choose this hotel against Stratosphere and Circus-Circus and were very pleased with our decision.Great hotel to stay as a family and/or business.	
