Aug 3 2008 	Nice Retirement motel	This motel is okay for people to retire in it fits their budget and is close to everything they need, including trolley ,DTC bus lines, and within walking distance of Fremont casinos and restaurants. The service is good, front desk clerks could use some improvement, such as dress code and manners or politeness to customers, also they are slow at check in and check out.	
Apr 18 2007	old las vegas	well checked in and actually was surprised how this motel has gone thru changes. the rooma have been totally remodelednew bathrooms and furniture, the desk people and managment could not have tried harder. it seems like they have cleaned up this motel and put some care and pride into it , i would recomend it for the budget type people with a good location next to the new fremont st arts area	
Feb 2 2007	never again	Well, at least the linens seemed clean and the maids did okay. But I had expensive stuff UPSd to me while I was there and they said they didn't get it. When I got home I found out they signed for it and I had a name. I called them and they said they would forward it to me but they never did. Dollar loss: $300. The stuff probably ended up in a pawn shop since there are plenty of those nearby. .There were people coming and going at all hours. I heard people in the lobby talking about &quot;this police report,&quot; &quot;that police report..&quot; No surprise to me as I think I saw hookers and johns and drug dealers/users lurking around. They have a guy who wears a baseball cap who calls himself the &quot;security guard.&quot; He also apparently acts as the night maintenance man because they finally---after I went to the desk four times to complain that I couldn't get any cable on the TV---and he yelled at me telling me he was not a TV expert. They never did fix the TV. My third day there I told them in the morning I would be staying two more days. But they went into my room and cleaned it out anyway. They finally found me another room that exited on the street. I parked my car on the street in front of this room for about half an hour in the middle of the night and when I went to move the car I had a parking ticket. The neighborhood is one you do not want to be in at high noon let alone at night. I double-bolted my door and hoped for the best. Nobody at the desk has a clue about anything and you wait there and drum your fingers while the desk-person does this or that, talking on the phone etc, treating you as an undesirable imposition.. And the two extra days I was there they nailed me for over $100 instead of their so-called bargain rate of $30.00/night. Altogether I think four nights there cost me $230. They have an adjacent offstreet parking lot. You feel like running from that parking lot to your room expecting a hail of bullets from shoot-outs. Bottom line: If this is the best you can do on a trip to Vegas---you can't afford to go to Vegas!	
Oct 18 2006	Admissions Meeting	I thought this was the perfect spot for an Admissions Meeting. The motel is close to everything, especially the plasma bank, gun shop and billiards hall. And the food at Church’s Chicken can’t be beat! Thanks for everything, can’t wait until next year.	
Jun 20 2006	Good way to save $$$ in Vegas	My wife and I stayed here and the place is fine, for the money. Sure it's kinda run down, but for the money, this place was perfectly fine - as the cheapest option for the Friday night we stayed in the Vegas area. Fairly clean, fairly quiet, although the area immediately around the motel is a bit scary with all sorts of shady characters walking about at all times day and night (especially night). But once inside your room, the place is perfectly fine - for a cheap motel. And that's what it is, an affordable motel! I know there are rich people who often pay upwards of $80 a night (or more!) for a room for a night, and for them they can have their fancy rooms with spotless toilets, squeaky clean sinks, fresh bright white linens, ice-cold air conditioning - let them live in their expensive luxury. For the rest of us, there's the Downtowner motel, a great way to save $$$ in Vegas!	
Jun 20 2006	horrible place	Really nasty place. There was smell of smoke all over; linens are in terrible shape. One good this is that they have a security guy watching over parking lot. Considering the shady area around, I would say this is a plus.	
Jul 12 2005	Downtowner a Downer	I wish I could rate the motel a 0. My kids were afraiad to walk on the carpet. My husband was afraid to use the toilet. The front desk stuff was uneven, and smoked alot. The toilet was uneven. The headboard was coming off of the wall. This motel should be called &quot;The Ghetto Inn&quot;. There was trash all around the property. 0There was an unknown substance on the bed. Which is cleaner? a room at ther Downtowner, or a prison cell at the CA State Correctional Facility? My husband said his cell was cleaner than a room in this dump. I'm surprised this dump doesn't changeby the hour!!! The health department should close this dump down.	
May 31 2005	Never ever downtowner Again !!!!!	1. Check-in took forever2. two women at the check-in window, one supervised the other one and not handle other customer in the line. While one woman handled my paper work, I asked the supervising woman for a simple question, in stead of answering me, she replied &quot; she is working on your stuff one by one. she will answer you when she is done&quot;3. Non-smoking room fill smoke odor4. Bed sheets not clean.5. FOUND Cockroaches !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 22 2005 	Probably the cheapest place in Las Vegas	I chose this motel because hotel rooms $100 or less were sold out on internet. At $29.99 per night, this is one of the cheapest, I am sure. The room was not too bad and was equipped with a refrigerator and kitchenette. The TV had a few buttons missing, but worked O.K. About 30 Cable channels including HBO were available. The bathroom looked clean. Air conditioning worked fine. Local phone was free but the management asks not to use modem for internet access as it will overwhelm phone line capacity for other guests. They will install an extra local line if you request. The old man in the office was friendly and helpful. So considering the price, I do not have much to complain. Just don't expect any luxury. It is 4 blocks from Fremont experience, 3 blocks from Las Vegas Strip (301 and 302 bus stop there), 1 block from 109 bus stop to and from airport. So transportation was not inconvenient. They offer free parking and swimming pool. My only complaint is the neighborhood. I can see boarded-up store fronts and a few drunken people staggering in the street at night. I did not feel too safe even though it was a few blocks from Fremont experience.	
Jan 21 2004	Okay for a budget motel	Decided NOT to stay at a 'regular' Las Vegas hotel this past Sunday just for fun. Was pleasantly suprised at what the Downtowner Budget Motel on N. 8th St. had to offer: two parking areas, a decent room, a queen-size bed, a relatively new bathroom with clean towels, a big closet, a gas stove, a refrigerator, TV with cable, and a VCR player -- all for $29.95!Downside: it's just the front desk person and another employee at night, so if you need anything else (such as an extra pillow), you'll have to wait 'till 6 in the morning when the first housekeeping person comes in. The immediate vicinity also looks scary, but if you survive the two-block walk to Las Vegas Blvd. and the Fremont Street Experience, you should be okay.	
