Apr 29 2008	Do Not Stay Here!! Dirty Understaffed Run Down.	Once you give them your credit card.....it's over! Very bad experience! Oh, and everything is an extra charge. Even towels, pillows, blankets, and even an extra key! Cleaning fee, internet fee, dishes fee, and leave your license to borrow an iron! You even have to sign forms for everything. Even to get a remote for the TV and have to take it back to them when you check out! (the buttons on the TV don't work so once again,, no choice! They also don't tell you that you have to give them a copy of your drivers license, plus your Social Security number. Once your standing at the desk to check in with your reservation and they demand this info or you can't stay, it's not fair. Your also past the cancelation policy time so you have no choice. The office is not even open 24 hours a day, so good luck if you need anything after hours. Do your self a favor and just STAY SOME WHERE ELSE!	
Mar 18 2004	Unhappy with budget suites tropicana las vegas	When we reached budget suites of america, I was told my balance was 1,788, Over the phone reservations made by tomorrow I was told it was 1.688 and I paid 100.00 deposit everytime I called for confirmation i was told I didn,t need one, when I spoke to the manager at budget suites, she said Tomorrow made a mistake, also maid service was 60.00 a week, which consisted of puttin clean sheets on the bed after several phone calls to get this done. I went out and bought a broom, mop and glass cleaner and did my own cleaning. One sunday it was cleaned very good, I looked all over for the young man that cleaned it so I could give him a tip, and also there were no refunds or else I would have gone to another hotel. I was very dissappointed, I could have saved 60.00 a week which I oonly received service one time. It's too bad because it wasn't a bad apartment. By the way we stayed there from December 26th until January 25th&gt; thank you for reading this. Respectfully Gloria Costello.We stayed at budget suites at 3655 west tropicana.Las vegas	
Mar 10 2004	loved the tropacana	My friend and I just got back from five days and four nights at the tropacana. We had a ball. The slots were loose help very friendly The entertainment was fantastic and everyone should go see the free air play that they perform six times a day. We received many comps and we had a problem with the hot water not turning off and called them at one in the morning and it was fixed within ten min. We will be going back there next year and staying at the tropacana.	
Apr 13 2003	Great Place to Stay If You Arrive a Day or Two Early	We have stayed at this Budget Suites twice. And Would stay again if we got into Las Vegas a day ahead of our arrival date at another hotel. The price is right and check in is as early as you like. The rooms are clean but are inneed of a few renovations. We liked it because it has a kitchenett with stove and fridge. Pool was nice and they also have a coin laundry. Not a bad place to stay if you are driving to Las Vegas as it is off the strip, but it is next door to a 7-11 and a McDonalds so you can't go wrong. The staff make your stay very enjoyable.	
