Jan 26 2006 	Not a hotel a flop house! Huge dive!	My husband and I were considering moving to LV and needed a reasonable place to stay for a few weeks. At $219 a week, this was the best price we found and the pictures on the web site looked decent. Well, this place is a HOLE. It looks ok on the outside, but in the lobby, then stench of smoke hits you as soon as you walk through the door. The staff was discussing some unidentified bodily fluid that was found in one of the rooms and trying to figure out where it came from. The clientele is questionable. Against our better judgement, we went to see a room. It stank, the furniture was smelly and ratty, the bathroom was absolutely disgusting. We left immediately and lost our deposit. If you are looking for a place to stay for a few days, go to a hotel...this is not a hotel (they charge an extra $35 a week for sheets) and if you are looking for a place to stay for a month or so, better to call around and find an apartment complex that will allow a short term lease. We found one that is actually about the same as a month in that pit. Seriously, if you are looking for something the quality of a brand name, moderate scale hotel this is WAY below...I've stayed in some not too great road-side motels out of desparation and they are the Ritz compared to this place. The website is NOTHING like the actual place. Beware!	
Nov 17 2005	Wouldn't stay for free	Left boston November 1st thru 15th I left a week early without a refund. To the person who says he loves it and will go back forget about it. I have no axe to grind with these people here are just a few of the problems. These units are not kept up at all. The pictures look good on the computer but this place is not good. I was brushing my teeth the very first morning when I was confronted by a roach scared the out of me. Bathtub filled with water, no handle to hold onto very slippery. Toilet overflowed. If you need toilet paper you have to pay a buck. You pay extra for the linen service $35.00 week and you have to make your own bed. If two people (males) are sharing the room I pity the person who has to sleep on the cot. They should just turn this place into a housing project and leave it at that. I just came back so please believe me. Never again.	
Jun 28 2005	Stinks - literally!	A mushroom cloud of animal urine smell engulfed us as soon as we opened the door. We blasted the room with AC opened all the windows thinking that the smell will go away but it never did. Eventually all our clothes soaked up the smell and we stank ourselves! Calling/visiting the reception was of little use - staff on the night shift are not empowered to help and apparently no other room was available. We had no choice but to flee to the nearby Circus Circus. I believe mine is a rare case but I would never risk it again.	
Oct 5 2003	Would go no where else	have been to stardust road three times and returning in2004, as a family we love it, clean,friendly and so near the strip yet peaceful if you want to relax a big thumbs up from the brits. Karl Kapler. 	
