	Best hotel in Vegas!	Well I'd like to start off by thinking the staff for the early check in. I must say a complementary upgraded room would have been nice. However, their normal rooms are just fine. We had great service throughout are stay. From the valet, to the bellhop, and to the servers at the Coranado Cafe, everything was great. We always stay here when were in Vegas. While it is 10 minutes from the strip, everything you need is here. The strip is just a mess with the terrible traffic. I even saw Floyd Mayweather while playing some blackjack in their great casino. We hope to be coming back in December. They could however drop the need to charge $15 a night to use internet.	
	Just what the doctor ordered.	First of all, it always confuses me when people downgrade a property for something they could have easily researched. The South Point is frequently criticized for being so far from the Strip. I think that was the point, and as far as I'm concerned it's a strength, not a weakness. During my latest trip I took an early morning drive down the Strip. No thank you. For my taste, SP is both a perfect size and distance from the action. With a rental nothing is more than 10-15 minutes away anyway.I also would prefer there were no charges for the Internet and exercise room, but the fact is that is the norm in LV. I don't know of any property that offers complimentary Internet and gym access. Criticizing the SP for something everyone else does doesn't make sense to me.So we what it doesn't have, how about what it can offer. For my money, what little of it I need to spend to stay at SP, there is no better property in all of Vegas. During a recent stay I paid all of $100 for a 3- night stay. For that very reasonable price I got to stay in a large, clean room that would put to shame many room from higher-end hotels. The casino is a perfect size as well. Big enough to offer a variety of games, but not so large it had different zip codes.During my visit I had two fantastic meals - one at Primarily Prime Rib and the other at Silverado (there pretzel bread is the absolute best). Having stayed at SP before, but not having tried the buffet, I also decided to give it a whirl. It was satisfactory. I have nothing to either overly complain or compliment.In leading up to my recent trip I had a hard time deciding where to stay. I'm happy I chose the SP, and would happily do so again. Very happily.	
	Cheap No NHL	Cheap rooms bad sports book! You will never see an NHL Hockey game played in this sports book.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great rooms beds and pools especially for the price	I have stayed her multiple times and for $25 a night you can't go wrong. Pros: The rooms and bathrooms are large, nice and look brand new. The roomservice is fast and friendly but a little pricey for what you get but where isn't that the case. The restaurant food is good. Pools are awesome. Some of my local friends always come her just for the pools. The gym is nice. Check-in is always a breeze. Cons: Off the beaten path. If you don't have your own transportation I would not recommend staying here. The casino floor sometimes smells realy smokie which is irritating. I would expect ventilation to be better. The gym is an addition fee. Overall I think the rooms, faculty and facilities are great. I choose this place because it's the best bang for the buck. Things you should know. I don't come to gamble	
Nov 22 2009 	A nice place if you have a car. Or a horse.	To start off with, I'm not a big Vegas guy. I consider gambling to be a tax on people that are bad at math. And I have relatives in Laughlin; so I can stay there free. So I'm not a big expert on Las Vegas and I don't have a lot to compare the Southpoint to.But my wife wanted to see Las Vegas, so off we went.We chose the Southpoint because of the good reviews we saw here. The Southpoint is, like the name implies, at the far southern end of the Strip. You need a car (or a lot of money for a taxi or a lot of patience for a bus) to get back to &quot;where the action is&quot;.But the Southpoint is so nice; you may never want to leave. It has shows, a great spa, bowling, a movie theater and of course, a casino.If you're from the eastern part of the US, Europe or Asia; you should check out a rodeo or other equestrian event in their horse arena. That's something you may not be able to see where you live.The room was nice, clean and big. The only thing I can find to complain about is that there was only 1 coffee packet for the coffee maker. But I left a tip &amp; asked for more &amp; the cleaning staff left us more.Our first day there was a Saturday, and we ate at the buffet. It was a bit underwhelming. But the food was much better when we returned on Monday. I suspect that they improve the quality of the food to attract locals. One night, we ate at the Coronado Cafe off the &quot;Graveyard Special&quot; menu. The food was pretty good. But maybe the low price gave me a higher opinion of this place than it deserves? Who can tell?The Couples Spa might be worth a trip by itself. It's a bit pricy. But it's very relaxing and romantic.To sum up, if you have a car; go to the Southpoint. Or a horse. Hey; those trendy, overpriced places on the strip should provide hitching posts if you want to ride in.........	
Nov 21 2009 	A couple changes and this place will be perfect	Very simple...Great quiet hotel and casino.... Prices are reasonable, rooms are nice and the staff is great...Two changes required:1) Free shuttle to the strip 2) Free Wi-Fi Those two things happen in the future, and I will book there again.	
Nov 21 2009 	Treated very well	Even though I can get comped rooms in many places along the strip, this place has become my stay of choice in Vegas. It is rather laid back with excellent restaurants at reasonable prices. The Cioppino in the Italian restaurant is my favorite.The normal room is quite spacious, well cared for and leaves me totally satisfied. Unfortunately, my gambling has not been too successful there, but they do give you a good play for your money with a decent blackjack game, decent video poker and a good players club. The location is such that I always rent a car when I stay there, but I use it very little since I enjoy the hotel so much. My wife and I are looking forward to being back between Christmas and New Years again this year. I was pleasently surprised when I checked in last trip to see that I had been comped upfront without having even spoken with a host. This tells me that the management has something on the ball, to check their bookings so that they were aware that someone who likes to play is coming. I am not a huge player, but they still act like they appreciate my patronage.	
Nov 19 2009 	You take the good you take the bad you take them both and there you have	This is an interesting property to review. The real estate is very nice. The rooms are large and comfortable. The housekeeping staff does an excellent job. The restaurants are nice. The food is good and the prices are very reasonable. I have been to many hotels that are not remotely as nice as this one. If you are looking for a place to gamble, sleep and eat this is a great choice. Overall the employees are well trained. I'm guessing that this resort has a very well thought out training curriculum that is focused on roles and responsibilities. The training could be improved by focusing more on customer satisfaction. I felt like I had my role and the employees had theirs and that rules were rules.  If you want to have a drink at South Point you have two alternatives. You can sit on the casino floor which I do not find relaxing or you can go upstairs and listen to a bunch of televisions in the Mexican bar. I recognize that the owner of South Point is not pursuing the Hip Hop demographic but a simple club would help. If that is not possible it would be a significant selling point if the resort provided a shuttle to the strip. Even if there was a charge for a 24 hour pass to go back and forth it would be preferable to being completely isolated and dependent upon taxi cabs. It will cost you $25 plus tip each way if you want to go &quot;down town&quot;. Sixty dollars to go dancing or to the mall is outrageous and will keep me from staying at South Point in the future. This place has great potential. I think with some small tweaks it could be GREAT.	
Nov 19 2009 	Swell 2nd Trip	Stayed during PBR finals. Soaked up the sun by the jaccuzzi (pool area is beautiful/clean, but not as 'perfect' as our first visit). Never more than a handfull of people outside and we had the whole place to ourselves one evening. No free shuttle to the strip anymore, but valet told us of hourly, reasonable shuttle to Excaliber from timeshare facility right next door. Airport shuttle is still free. Comped the shuttle to Thomas and Mack, but had to ask the manager (desk clerks insisted on $20 per person). We will rent a car next time, but I really don't feel a need to leave South Point. Food was excellent both at the buffet and cafe. Very inexpensive, too. Use their fun book coupons for free meals, wine, etc. Great room, linens and lotions and their housekeeping is just spotless! More of the bull riding events were held right at South Point our first trip. Probably would have enjoyed some 'country' entertainer in the show room, but had no desire to see Vicki Lawrence (!) Their big equestrian facility stood empty all weekend. With all the cattle/horse crowd on hand, that could have been utilized. They are having more events there during the NFR. Every Vegas hotel is trying to keep everyone in the casino for as long as possible. Speedy, free cocktails while gambling and a good selection of games, although no big winnings for us, decent odds.	
Nov 16 2009 	good hotel but far from the strip	new hotel. nice, big rooms with bath and body works toiletries that's really a plus for ladies like me. not many things to see round the hotel. except of course the gambling. a bit far from the strip, would definitely need a car to go around. we went to the grand canyon, hoover dam that's why we didn't really bother bout the strip, but not recommended if you're a first timer in vegas wanting to be at the scene always. overall a nice enough hotel to lay your head in the evenings	
Nov 14 2009 	Overall wonderful experience	We traveled to Las Vegas for a business meeting which was being held at the South Point. The Rooms were great...very large...and the bathroom was huge and well laid out with seperate vanity/sink area. Nice for one of us to be showering, and one to still be getting ready. HUGE Plasma TV, and a great view of the strip. Check in and out was so quick and easy, and the staff was very friendly. Would like to see a refrigerator, and possibly even a microwave in the room...however, the staff did bring me a refrigerator for my medication when requested. Seeing how we were here on business, Internet was a must, and it was a bit of a pain to get that going. So many motels/hotels have free Wi Fi, I think that would be a great addition since you have such a wonderful conference center. Overall, a great experience, we'll be back. Oh, bring your own pillow...had to go out and buy my own!	
Nov 9 2009 	Best kept secret in Vegas	What started out to be a liability in location is now a hugh plus. All the traffic on the strip has made it very uncomfortable to walk. Just too many people! South Points location is quiet and really not that far out anymore. The hotels prices are well in line and the people there make you feel at home.	
Nov 8 2009	Increased price after booking	I booked 3 rooms for 5 days for the motorcycle auction last January.I had an aggreed price but they charged an extra $40 for 2 of the days for all 3 rooms.I complained and even wrote a letter to them after my return to the UK wich they never even replyed to.I woud never stay there again, there is plenty of choice and i do not know how they stay in business	
Nov 7 2009 	Supurb Choise	We stayed in South Point for 3 nights after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. We were so pleased with the hotel. This hotel is a medium sized hotel a short taxi drive from the strip. I had hired a car as we had travelled from LA - so we parked in the hotel car park for free and could easily drive to the strip and you can park in any of the large hotels on the strip for free.Room was very clean, large and comfortable. The hotel spa was good - very relaxing and the choice of places to eat in the hotel was also good. THere is a buffet - all you can eat, which was very good and very reasonably proced. There is another reasonably priced resturant, and 2 more expensive dining rooms.The casino was smoky but no worse than all the casinos on the strip.We paid £65 per night and felt that this hotel was excellent value for money and to be honest when travelling around dont think there is a better alternative unless you want to stay in one of the big hotels on the strip.	
Nov 7 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	Cleanliness was excellent and the staff was very friendly. While the hotel is located away from the Vegas strip, it's just a short cab ride to that area. The casino staff was friendly and professional in every way. Wile this was a business trip, I'm anxious to return for a more leisure trip.	
Nov 6 2009 	Beautiful Rooms	The good thing about this hotel, it did not have the Strip prices. This was my 3rd trip to Vegas, and someone booked off the strip at South Point. The rooms were beautiful (no view though), and there was a lot to do at the hotel, movies, bowling, gambling etc).It was a $30.00 cab ride one way to the strip, and we were on the strip every day, so that was my only complaint!	
Nov 4 2009 	Impressed over all	Stayed there a couple of nights in August. Checked in early and went to the pool, too bad Las Vegas was having a wind storm. Didnt stay long at the pool, went to dinner at the Mexican place, not bad. I think the coolest thing was the Friday night happy hour from 5-10. The place was packed, sat withsome great locals and geat time. Next day the wind died down was able to relax at pool, I will say that the pool is not heated so beware when jumping in. If you are looking for lots of young woman this not for you. Lots of familes with young ones. Alll and all this place is great vaule if you dont mind being a way from the strip. I just needed some R&amp;R so it worked out for me.	
Nov 3 2009 	Second Visit	I visited this property last January and had an outstanding experience. I just spent 6 days at this Hotel and was surprised to see a difference in a short time. On first visit we did not notice a smoking problem in the casino. This time the smoke was so bad we did not go to the casino at all. The rooms both times were excellent and the service in the restuarants was good. If you don't mind an off strip Hotel it is OK. If you have issues with smoking, you might consider another location.	
Nov 1 2009 	South Point is Awsome	My husband &amp; I love the Oster Bar the waiters are so kind and make you feel special. The food is the best in town, there is one particular waiter his name is James that will bend over backwards to make your meal and dining experience special ,so kind and polite we have told all are friends and family about the Oster bar at South Point and always take our guest when in town never ever had a bad experience there, everyone there is great, so if you like seafood its the best, all the resturants are great also have eaten at all of them, the bartenders are professionals always kind and make you feel welcome, my husband and I give the staff, food, over all casino a 10 fun place to have a great time and dine.	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice place	The South point is a nice hotel, clean, friendly &amp; helpful staff. Check in and out was a breeze. The carpet in the halls need to be redone, but over all it is a nice place. The buffet is good and actually have southern white gravy which is hard to find in Vegas. They comp better than any other casino i have found in Vegas. The down side is that it costs $25-30 to get to the strip, each way, and there is nothing close by to walk to. This was a much quieter atmosphere than the strip casinos, didn't see any drunk patrons the whole 5 days i was there. There is also no real shopping like in the other casinos.	
Oct 29 2009 	Too Smokey	My wife and I stayed at the Southpoint Hotel from October 22nd through the 24th on the advice of friends. This hotel is very similiar to The Orleans Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas where we have previously stayed. We wish we had gone back to the Orleans as the Southpoint Hotel and Casino had a VERY noticable smell of smoke from cigaretts throughout the facility. Many guests were smoking right in front of signs in the elevators and elsewhere that said &quot;No Smoking&quot;. One wonders if thier HVAC systems were working properly or if they even try to enforce the &quot;non-smoking&quot; areas. The room rate jumped from $70 per night during the week to $129 for the week-end which we found to be high for Vegas especially considering todays economy.The smell of smoke really affected our stay in a negative way. Other Casinos in Vegas are able to clense the air better than the Southpoint.	
Oct 29 2009 	Better than expected!	We picked this hotel because of the ratings on Tripadvisor. We've stayed at fancier hotels on the strip and was a bit nervous about being off the strip and at such a low price. But we had a ok stay and everything was fine until we were locked out twice from our room because of error from front desk. They acknowledge their mistake but made no effort or apologize for their error. Overall it was a satisfactory stay. I'll go back only if the price was right.	
Oct 28 2009	Nice place off the beaten path	We stayed for 3 nights and it was as nice or better than the rooms on the strip. We could have stayed at the hotel the entire time but decided to shop at the outlet mall and then hit some of the casinos at the north end. Then we went to Fremont St. on another day. The buffet was good. The cafe was hit or miss, the early, early (midnight) breakfast was good and cheap (hamburger was good also) but on another night it was cold like it was left over from breakfast and kept in the refrigerator! The slots were loose enough for us to keep playing while the slots at the other casinos just took our $$. We finally figured out the bus system and that was a plus since it picked us up at the hotel's valet parking -- $7 for an all day pass, $1.75 to go to the outlet mall. The shuttle to/from the airport was the best! If you take a taxi from the airport, be prepared to shell out $28 for just the fare!! The rooms and the casino was clean. We had a view of the mountains and it looked over the stable and arena. The pool looked very nice. It was nice to be off the strip, away from the crowds from the surrounding casinos. I'd definitely stay here again. We were fortunately to get one night free if you booked 2 nights.	
Oct 28 2009 	Excellent Hotel With Super Low Rates	Booked 2 nights for $35 per night ($70 buy 1 night get 1 night free) through their reservations who matched the hotels.com rate. Tried to check in early but they were sold out the previous night so I had to wait a few hours until HK could clean a room. I had just driven 8 hours from Napa, CA overnight and was exhausted but I didn't care because I was happy to be in Vegas. So, I had some breakfast at the buffet which was not very impressing and checked into my room . I didn't get a view but the room was huge! Im not too sure but I think the lady that checked me in gave me an upgraded suite since that was the only 1 clean. After a 4 hour nap on a comfortable king size bed, I check out the casino which is conveniently designed and well staffed, consisting of mostly hot cocktail waitresses of mixed races and very few &quot;over-the-hill&quot; ones. Valet staff was excellent and the Asian girl that helped me was very personable and welcoming. Had some late night dinner and cheesecake from the cafe which made up for the buffet from earlier. Overall a very nice hotel with an awesome location (5 minutes from the strip) and awesome servce.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Value Spacious Clean	We stayed at the South Point Casino and spa for two nights and it felt a lot cleaner and larger than hotels I've stayed on the strip with. Even though we had a non-smoking floor, it is hard to avoid the smoke as it is EVERYWHERE - rough on non-smokers. We had a nice view of the mountains from our room which was nice to watch the sunsets. Since we had a car rented it was very quick to go down to the strip and enjoy some of the other trappings, but we were also very content with what South Point had to offer (we had relatively good winnings) and I had one of the best spa treatment massages I can remember (thank you Carla from the spa... I slept like a boneless chicken) hot stone massage with reflexology treatment. Lots of cowboys roaming the place since there is an equestrian arena attached to the casino. I would stay here again for the value, the best spa treatment in years and the winnings.	
Oct 24 2009 	Nice property............	Rooms are bright and spacious.............mattresses on the hard side...........I need my sleep! Well appointed design and large bathroom.	
Oct 24 2009 	Very good off-strip value	I stayed here two nights earlier this week, and before that did more than a few trade shows here, but this was my first trip to this casino as a pleasure traveler. I would rank the quality of the room I got in the new wing as somewhere around a Marriott or Hilton, though a little bit bigger. I got a smoking room so I could puff on my stogies while checking my email, but couldn't detect any tobacco smoke in it. The crowd at the casino itself was...interesting. Image a small-town Wal-Mart with people playing slot machines instead of shopping. The crowd itself was a little more energetic than at your average Station casino. The buffet was middling, it might impress someone who's used to eating at Golden Corral, but it didn't impress me. On the plus side, it had very quick and attentive staff, and a great location.	
Oct 22 2009 	SMOKEY	Rooms were nice but the stench of smoke permeated the entire complex, even in the &quot;non-smoking&quot; rooms. Also $13 a day for internet access is ridiculous!!! Stayed 3 nights in October based on TA reviews.	
Oct 21 2009 	BEWARE THE BED BUGS	I was shacked up there by the airline due to the fact my flight was cancelled. It was excellent value for what it was (no Bellagio or Ceasars where I usually stay but good). They have nice big rooms with LCD TV's and the place seems relatively new. They have quite a nice a pool and when you think you can stay there for 50 bucks a night you can't go wrong! Food was good in the buffet but absolutely horrible in the 24 hour restaurant. I was surprised I didn't end up with food poisoning. Oh and its way off the strip so if you think you can stay here for cheap and taxi it to strip its not happening. Its a 28 dollar cab ride from the airport and its the opposite direction to the main strip. For the price of a daily rental car you might as well stay in the imperial palace or something.BUT TAKE MY ADVICE CHECK YOUR BED BEFORE YOU SLEEP IN IT (see internet for instruction on how to do this).I slept on the 6th floor for (no joke) not even 5 hours as my flight left in the morning and was BITTEN 20 TIMES; YES 20 TIMES!!!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Awesome	Stayed at South Point in september for 4 days, start of a long trip around nevada.A very good shuttle service from airport, we knew this hotel was very remote, but did'nt mind that , the hotel was lovely and just stayed around the hotel for the first 4 days of our trip, the rooms are very spacious and comfortable, the pool area is lovely.Buffet was very good, friday night was sea food night and was excellent value, we had a few other buffets and used our booklet with money off offers a great help.Delli was also very good for a quick snack.Ate at the mexican but have had better mexican food.Slots are good and the cocktail waitress comes round often, the $25 free play they give you for joining there players club was very welcoming.	
Oct 17 2009 	Very Enjoyable Stay	We stayed five days at South Point in September and really enjoyed the stay. The room was nice, beds were comfortable and we had a flat screen TV. We especially enjoyed the pools, which are a very nice size for liesurely swimming. We only ate at the buffet, but others spoke highly of the prime rib restaurant on the second floor. The actual casino seemed a little small for the size of the place. We drove to Vegas, and found the location great. South Point is just off the freeway and Las Vegas Blvd, making travel fairly easy.Overall this is a really good spot for people who don't need to be on the Strip.	
Oct 17 2009 	This is Vegas baby! Love this hotel..	This is the second time staying at the Southpoint Hotel/Casino/Spa. I was a limo driver in Vegas for 10 years, and I would much rather stay off of the Strip because you really do get more for your money. This is a real 4-Star Hotel. The food is very good, even in the buffet and I don't usually care for buffets. You will receive a coupon book upon arrival which is good for 2 for 1 buffet, and you even get a complimentary bottle of wine. The pool area is wonderful as well. My absolute favorite place to eat is Don Vito's..and you even get coupons for a free desert. There is so much to do right in the hotel, but if you must go to the Strip, it is only about 10 minutes away. Not that far. Enjoy, very nice place to stay..Upon arrival at the Airport, you might as well grab a Limo..Most of the companies offer them at a real fare price. The price that you are quoted will be for ONE HOUR, so you might as well have the driver give you a little tour before they drop you off..Don't forget to &quot;Tip&quot; your servers..Everyone is Vegas works for &quot;Tips&quot;..Bus drivers (tour and shuttle, even the bus that takes you to the car rental areas) Always leave a &quot;tip&quot; in the buffets too. You tip the door men, taxi drivers, what ever people that give you service of some sort. Enjoy!	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel	I love staying at the South Point Every one is so friendly and the rooms are great, I wont repaeat everything else that has already been said here, but I will add that even the T.P. is fantastic!	
Oct 15 2009 	good basic economical hotel and conference center	This location was a good basic hotel and casino. It has some nice restaurants and basic amenities. It was convenient to the bus stop to go down to the strip. Rooms were nice and service was good.	
Oct 15 2009 	This Hotel is Great!	Great location! On the quiet end of the strip, less traffic. WOW! EXCELLENT VALUE FOR THE PRICE.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Value not on the strip	The South Point is a fairly new hotel that offers incredible deals. It is a self-contained casino hotel approximately 10 - 15 minutes by car from the Las Vegas strip. The South Point has its own bowling alley, a 16-theater movie place (nice), casino, 8 restaurants, spa, beautiful pool facilities, barber shop, and more. We rented this hotel for the price and value, but had to rent a car to go to the action on the strip. I would recommend it as a place to stay if you plan on renting a car when visiting Las Vegas.	
Oct 9 2009 	Awesome	This hotel is a $28 cab ride to the strip but well worth it. Although I love the strip it's nice to be in a hotel that is quieter but still has all the amenities you would find on the strip.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Value...esp if you have a car :)	The hotel was nice--check-in was a breeze. The rooms were really nice with updated modern bathroom. The toilet and shower are separate from the mirror and sinks, which makes getting ready easy among friends. Not close to the strip, so you need a car or a friend with a car to fully explore Las Vegas.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel at a great price!	This Hotel is Not on the Strip but is Clean, Comfortable and elegant. The rooms are oversized and have 46 Inch flat screen TV's. The beds are very comfortable and clean and look brand new. We had a great view of the desert skyline from the 10th floor. I would take this hotel over most overpriced &quot;Strip&quot; hotels.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beatiful pools great service	Wonderful staff - everyone we met was friendly and customer service oriented. The hotel was beautiful, clean and comfortable. Access to the Las Vegas strip was easy with our rental car. But if you don't have a rental car you'll need to take a bus or cab. The bus is a city bus, which you access from across the street from the hotel. And cab fare was $25 to the strip (one-way) for one of my co-workers... The hotel itself, however, was excellent. We were there on business and wish we had had more time to explore the strip and enjoy the pools at our hotel. Can't wait to return on vacation. I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Best Bargain in Vegas!	I am extremely picky about the hotel rooms I stay in. In my search for a reasonably priced hotel off the strip, I thought the bargain price I found for South Point must certainly be too good to be true. Our deluxe room was more than I hoped for--very clean and roomy, and well decorated too. Our beds were extremely comfy with fabulous linens. The service was good. We did have quite a long wait for the bellman to deliver our luggage, but when requesting extra coffee the next morning, it was there in a flash. For such a lovely room at such an incredible price, I highly recommend to everyone.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best deal.	Even though the location is off from the main street, the hotel is full of positive things, such as better quality/price, very clean rooms, open and beautiful view, and etc. If you don't want to be in the middle of the main street, this is the one.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good deal if you have a vehicle	Found a discounted rate of $49 and $120 for a Friday nite serching using Kayak after checing the reviews on TripAdviser. Huge rooms with wall mount tv. Paid $12.99 a day for internet but that was ok since one of us wasn't a gambler. Service was ok - one day they missed making up our room but when I phoned for towells they arrived promptly. This is a nice facility with a good casino but location is quite south on the strip, so you really do need a car (try CarRentals.com). We used the valet parking and bell staff to minimize hassles of getting parked and luggage to and from the room. Great service from Bell and Valet staff, and all it costs is what you decide to tip them.	
Oct 2 2009 	Awesome Time	Great place, stayed right next door. But had to go to south point to gamble. Won some cash and was treated like a high roller with only 200 in my pocket.	
Oct 2 2009 	Best deal i got all holiday!	Recently stayed here just for one night as we flew in to Las Vegas before doing the drive down to L.A the next day so just wanted somewhere cheap to rest at before the long drive and this hotel was perfect in everyway. I have stayed at plenty of 4* hotels in the UK and for me this was better than the vast majority of them. As you should well know before booking this hotel it is out on it own at the south end of the strip and you will need a car or a reasonably hefty cab ride to get you up to where the action is however they do have regular shuttles running from the hotel that are free and really handy. The room was a good size, spotless and packed with everything you needed. The pool area was excellent with very attentive drinks staff. We were also passed a book on arrival complete with a voucher for casino free play, and a voucher that you can use to get the buffet for $10 each, i would highly reccomend the buffet and if im honest although it wasn't as glam as the Bellagio one when we stayed there the second week for some food choices i honestly thought the South Point was using better quality produce. Superb hotel.	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent - we have found a new home!	We have aways made it a point to stay somewhere different each time we go to Vegas - but not anymore. From now on it will be at Southpoint!The room was huge, the staff and amenties super - and we won a few bucks.The restaurants were great - had a hugh sandwhich from the Deli and the ice cream was super!!!! We enjoyed the breakfast buffet as well.Can't wait to get back to South Point!	
Sep 30 2009 	Past the airport but worth the drive	South Point was lovely. We stayed here after a vacation in Utah and Arizona and enjoyed it very much. It is a bit out of the way if you do not have a car, but well worth the trip if you do have a car. It's just off RT. 15, convenient to the airport, and quiet. The hotel is newer, our room was very large and very clean, the breakfast buffet is outstanding, and the whole experience was great. Room rates were low during the week. We are not gamblers so don't know how loose the slots are. There is an equestrian event hall where all sorts of shows are presented. They have a 64 lane bowling center and a large bingo hall.	
Sep 30 2009 	Comfortable stay off strip good price	Comfortable Hotel off the strip. As others have mentioned, you will need a car. It's a $30 cab fare (as told from another guest who took a cab) each way to the strip.. there are no shuttles to the strip or any attractions. There is a free shuttle from the airport, however the shuttles don't start till 6:00am and we had to be to the airport before then, so that was inconvenient. Rooms are very large, thought the beds were very comfortable, the sheets were even soft &amp; Pillows were OK too. Good nights rest. We were at the very end of a hall which is nice cuz we had no traffic by our room so it was quiet. Pool was OK, it gets full of splashing kids on the weekends which was a bit annoying to me, as I was trying to relax. Weekdays the pool was nice though &amp; not crowded.  The Garden Buffet was a great deal...coupon when you check in for 2 for 1 price on weekdays...and it was only $6.95 to begin with. The Buffet goes up to $13.95 on Sat/Sun. We thought the buffet was very good.. it had a very large selection of many different items.. honestly if you can't find something on there you like, maybe you are just to fussy. We thought it was very good. The Deli is a bit over priced, but it is Vegas. Movie Theater was good. Love the Happy Hour Marguarita special at Miguels Tequila Bar from 5-7 pm.. $2 marguaritas... can't beat it!! Wanted to try the other restaurants but never got around to it.The only problem we had is that at times our keys wouldn't work... We had 2 keys so usually one key would work, but not very convenient when you aren't together all the time.On several occasions one of us couldn't get in, because the key wouldnt work, so we had to call &amp; wait for someone to come up to let us in.. or run all the way down to the desk &amp; get a replacement. very annoying &amp; inconvenient.All in all a good stay.. very reasonably priced.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent Hotel would stay again	This was an excellent experience. The room was clean, nice size, the bed was comfortable, it was an A stay all the way. The casino is also wonderful and the buffet is wonderful, there is also a good sports bar. After searching, this is probably the best value out there! The only slight complaint is the distance from the strip and downtown but they have a shuttle that runs regularly. I would stay again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Just great!	Every one of the positive reviews is right on. I thought the hotel was new because everything was spotless, bright and shiny. The room was large and beautiful with an outstanding accessible shower. We loved coffee in the rooms, and you can buy alcohol in the gift shop really saving money at the bar for drinks. They have every imaginable drink from Chambord to Champagne, and a wall of wines. We checked in Saturday night and have to admit it was jamming with kids from newborns to teens. Strollers everywhere. My husband refused to try the pool because there were so many kids in it. However, at noon Sunday they all went away. We found several slots that were a blast and gambled for about 12 hours having no concept of time. Most food was wonderful but did have tough, dry pancakes in the cafe Sunday afternoon. The night before I had the best prime rib in my life in the same cafe (for $12.95!!!), so no complaints. Their shows are affordable and terrific, aminities are great and all services were fast, friendly and efficient. We liked it so much here I don't think we'll ever stay on the strip again!	
Sep 25 2009 	South Point "A Tale Of Two Casinos"	The South Point Hotel and Casino is the best at some things and the worst at some too!Our room was very nice, The maid service was very bad: Products, even towels weren't left unless we specially asked for them. It was great to have a coffee maker in the room, would have been better with coffee cups, and Equal or Splenda and maybe... coffee. We spent a week here and had to ask every day. Some days our maid was early, some days she didn't bother to show up until late afternoon. We always kept our fingers crossed that when we returned from a day trip our room would be cleaned.(Putting the card in the door asking for service was ignored)Service in other areas were the same. Food was not so great in some of the restaurants and was quite good in others. Little consistency thru out the hotel. Some employees were pleasant, others boarded rude.(The Gift Shop Particularly so) One annoying thing that bothered me was that WYFII is not free at South Point.(I use AT&amp;T so it did not affect me, but I thought it was a bit tacky since even Starbucks offers free internet and all you buy is a coffee )Not too sure I would recommend, or return to this hotel too many other good hotels in Las Vegas to settle for this &quot;Dickens Tale&quot; of a Casino.	
Sep 22 2009 	Huge room...great views!	Other than being off the strip, which does not turn me on, the place is fabulous. Never once was a food issue involved. Terrific bath ammenities. Very comfortable beds and a spacious pool. Good native habitat viewing poolside with friendly cocktail servers. Hallways got a bit dirty by the end of Saturday...My place to stay in Vegas along with the group I represent!	
Sep 15 2009 	Spazmatically Awesome 1st time @ South Point  (best bang for the buck so far)!!!	It was a totally rad experience to be able to stay in the same hotel (South Point) as the Spazmatics were having their concert. The price was so affordable and they had all the perks of most of the expensive Las Vegas hotels. (We have visited many in the last 5 years)Our group of friends, (ages 35(?) to 46&amp;1/2) meet in Las Vegas every year to see the Spazmatics! We dress the part... Yes, crazy colored and frizzy hairstyles, peg legged jeans or leggings with leg warmers, etc.etc.( there coming back in style ya know?) So freaking FUN!Everything we wanted to do was right in this casino, we ALL had a blast and we never left the hotel except to head to the mall and shop... Duh, we were a group of 5 women, that’s to be expected!!!We took Salsa lessons ate at all the diners and met some terrific people from all over (New Orleans too) who all seemed to be enjoying themselves, some way too much some were trying for more... Alan!! (Shameful).The rooms were large, beds were comfy, food was great and everything was very clean.The staff was pleasant and very helpful... Mostly Miss Long at the front desk!We will plan our annual vacations at the South Point from now on; we have even decided that for the price we might be able to hook up there twice a year.	
Sep 15 2009 	GREAT ALL-IN-ONE PLACE	This Hotel offers a little bit of everything and at a great price! My husband enjoys gambling and I just enjoy the relaxation of getting away from home. If we weren't attending a show on the &quot;strip&quot;, we would have had no need to even leave the Hotel. This location offers gambling, a large sports book, many dining options, bowling, movie theatres, a beautiful pool area and spa. Highly recommend and this is a suitable place in Vegas to bring children.	
Sep 14 2009 	Nice place - kinda smokey in the casino	We booked Southpoint based upon a book-a-night-get-one-night-free promo and gnenerally were happy with the facility. The maid service fell down only because the ice bucket was ignored during the room freshening and so had no plastic bag replaced. The room and bed were excellent - only possible thing I can fault was that there was no refrigerator.The casino always reeked of cigarette smoke - even at 09:00 when there were very few people in it. That's enough to keep us from booking it again - I find Texas Station to be much nicer. The blackjack tables during the week were always $5 and at least one was always a double-deck with few restrictions. Better by far than the center Strip casinos.We only ate once at the 24-hour coffee shop (Coronado) and were pleased with the service and food.	
Sep 14 2009 	Such a deal...	We were in Vegas one night. Dinner, show , gamble and leave. Since we were already paying for a room in Arizona, we didin't want to pay much but we didn't want to stay in a dump either. Checked the reviews and decided on South Point. In short, I love this place. Yes its a long way to the centre of the strip. So, no car, don't go. Staff was friendly. Dealers were friendly. Cleaning staff gave a friendly, &quot;good morning&quot;. Even the pit bosses were friendly. Ate at the Garden Buffet and food was good and wait staff friendly. Swam and laid out in the pool area and its very nice. Didn't use the fitness facility but checked it out and it matched anything I've used at the big name placesRoom was huge. Clean. Bed was comfortable. Nice new flat screen TV. Higher grade soap, shampoo etc. All for $40!!! (reserve on their website)Not sure what its like on the weekends but loved the fact I could play $5 BJ and Craps anytime I wanted.These people earned my business next time. Hope I'm back soon. Did I mention the staff is friendly?	
Sep 1 2009 	Awesome Awesome Can You say Awesome?	This was our third time visit to the South Point, and this time my husband and I took my friend. We are 40-years four times a year Vegas Visitors and we have found our new &quot; home away from home&quot; and will not stay anywhere else, We love the location right off the freeway without having to battle the traffic in town. This is a destination resort not for those who want to casino hop with the cars and crowds of the strip.. We got there on a Wednesday and I came down with a health problem that sent me to the hospital ER. The security and valet staff were over the top helpful directing us there. In fact, all of the employees everywhere were over the top nice and considerate.As usual the rooms were impeccable and the food everywhere was top notch. My husband enjoys the movies whilst my friend and I must have played every slot in the place! We had a blast and the cocktail servers are so sweet and rapid with the drinks its just awesome.We all slept so well as the rooms are the most quiet I have ever stayed in. One word on the negative side.. we had to extend our trip to include Friday night and boy oh boy could you see the demographic change before your eyes all day Friday. We are all over 50 and prefer a more subdued, well dressed older crowd but Friday the very young rowdies came in and were shouting bad words and insulting the cocktail servers and were dressed in all of their &quot;costumes&quot; is the only way I can put it and kinda made it seem trashy. So, my advice is if you want to party with rowdy young folks make sure to stay on a weekend but if you prefer an older classier crowd keep your stay to mid week. We shall be going back as soon as we can.. on a weekday.	
Aug 31 2009 	nice - need a car though it's far from the strip	Great bed - nice shampoo, conditioner, etc - flat screen tv - courteous staff. Price was unbeatable so a great value. Lots to do with bowling and movies as well as gambling. Pretty nice pool area.Food at 24 hour cafe was good, late night specials are a real deal. We were going to try the mexican restaurant, but it was closed on Monday and Tuesday.Only have a couple of complaints - casino seemed full of cigarette smoke all the time. View from our room was of the parking garage. This hotel is not a good choice if you don't have a car. It is too far to walk to any other casinos. Would stay here again - very pleased overall.	
Aug 29 2009 	Really Nice Place	This was our first visit to Las Vegas (during a stop-over to California) and we decided not to stay on the main strip. We stayed at the South Point Hotel for two days and were impressed with the room size (500 sq.ft), and the cleanliness. The hotel has several restaurants on site. We ate at two locations there and the food was delicious and prices were reasonable. Upon our return from California (we had another stop-over in Las Vegas) and returned to the South Point and spent an additional night there. We will definitely stay at the hotel again if and when we go back to Las Vegas.	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice rooms blah food 	I stayed for 4 nights at the South Point last week with my boyfriend. It was my first time to Las Vegas and his fourth time, but we were there for free as he won a contest for free nights there by playing poker online. My first impressions were that I was a little disappointed that the hotel was so far away from the strip. I also found the lobby and casino part of the hotel were kind of blah. There wasn't too much to look at, unlike some of the hotel/casinos on the strip. The room, however, was very nice. It was spacious, with a very comfortable bed, new flat screen tv on the wall, and a roomy bathroom with a great shower. It was also kept very tidy and clean. The pool area was also extremely nice- there were even cocktail waitresses who brought around drinks to you in the pool or on your beach chair.We unfortunately found that the food at the hotel was nothing more than mediocre. The service was fine though. A few things I did not particularly like about the hotel were: -There was no refridgerator in the room- it would have been nice to keep some snacks or drinks cold. -There was a substantial charge to use the fitness facilities. I thought that was kind of tacky. I do like to use a gym when I travel, but I didn't want to spend $15 per day for that!But there were plenty of activities to keep one busy at the hotel, which was nice. There is a movie theater, a bowling alley, and an arcade for kids (and slots and table games for the adults of course). A friend of mine described this hotel as a &quot;locals casino&quot;, which I would agree with. For someone from out of town looking for a typical &quot;Vegas experience&quot;, I wouildn't recommend staying here. But if you are in Vegas for a conference or there with kids you'll have a great time. :-)	
Aug 27 2009	Terrific	I tried to find something wrong with South Point, but there isn't anything. The rooms are bigger and better than all of the places I've stayed in on the Strip. The staff is very friendly. And the value is unbeatable. The big downside, of course, is that it is a 15 minute drive from the Strip. Most people have a car in Vegas, so this isn't always an issue. There is a huge casino at South Point, so you can gamble right there too.	
Aug 26 2009 	Only played here but will stay in the future - great clean place	We just got back from our yearly trip to Vegas and decided to venture off the strip this year to areas not seen before. Stopped at this Hotel/Casino and we loved the place. To compare to the strip places - it was not crowed, had just the right amount of gamblers, clean, smoke didn't kill you and the dealers were very nice! We won $ at this casino each time we went there, where as we lost $ on the strip. Definately a place to check out and stay in the future.	
Aug 21 2009 	Best and great rates rent car	We lived in LV for 6 years and moved back to the midwest 3 years ago. We always stay at the Southpoint when we go back. the rates are great and the hotel is elegant and the service is always good. They have some great restaurants too that don't clean out your wallet.As for being far from the strip, people really should get out of the casinos a little and see some of the country around Vegas. The Valley of Fire is gorgeous and everyond should at least go to Hoover Dam. Car rental rates are usually cheaper than taxisThe off strip casinos are great too. They are short drives and the roads are top-notch and easy to get around on.(no snow and freezing to make pot holes Some of the small casinos are better payers too.There are great restaurants off the strip too.	
Aug 21 2009 	Too Far Away! $60 To get to the Strip!	At first, this hotel looks like a good value which it is in many ways. It is clean with large rooms and relatively new. The staff is polite and helpful. However, they have done away with the shuttle that use to go to the strip. Taxi fare there and back is $55-$65 round trip! That really boost the effective cost of your room if you don't have a car. They say you can take a city bus for $4 a day unlimited pass, but you have to wait out in the sun for it to arrive and then you must change buses to get to the strip. The whole process takes a hour each way! Who has that much time to waste on vacation. I think a much better value is the Hooters Hotel for an amazing $16 a night during the week and you are only one block from the strip.	
Aug 13 2009 	Most of the negatives are by people that have never been to Las Vegas	I am not going to reiterate the pros about room size, etc. The service was very good. Good pool area, lots to do, casino has 2,270 slot/video poker machines which is larger than most of the strip casinos.My wife and I have been going to Las Vegas for several years and have spend at least 30-40 nights per year there at various strip hotels. The Paris is our regular strip hotel.My main reason for writing this review is to point out that the complaints about the location, lack of TV channels, charges for Internet and spa are totally bogus. First, the complaints about the location are absurd. If you want to be on the strip then stay on the strip. Any intelligent person is well aware that the South Point is not close to what is referred to as the &quot;Strip&quot;. If you are not aware then I suggest you check next time. Almost NO casino hotel offers much in the way of TV channels. They do this on purpose as they don't want you sitting in your room watching TV. This is not just at the South Point. Charging for the Internet and gym/spa is standard for casino/hotels. If you want to have lots of TV channels and free Internet access then stay at a non-casino hotel. At least the South Point doesn't charge a mandatory amenities charge that is becoming common at some Las Vegas casino hotels.	
Aug 13 2009 	Comfort lush food and convienient fabulous!	We thought the South Point was fabulous! We stayed here for our first week ever in Las Vegas and were all amazed by what they had to offer!The hotel was always clean, the food always hot and plenty of it!!!We did hire a car as we like to explore around a little and found the South Point hotel at the centre of everywhere. Fantastic stores and locations in all directions!The hotel do provide a shuttle bus that runs every 10-15 minutes that takes you to the Mandalay Bay hotel. This is a 5-10 minute drive and free to hotel guests.I would definately stay at the South Point hotel again even if to just visit the strip, although it isn't directly on the strip it's close enough and nice not to have the crowds all of the time!!!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Value for the Money------But............	For a four star rated hotel, I expected an above average all around experience. Now don't get me wrong---the rooms were very clean, nicely appointed, and the bed was very comfortable. You couldn't beat the room rate, if you were judging by the quality of the room and the overall condition of the hotel. The food was good--not great.. The negative that I couldn't help but notice consistently was the type of people that were guests there. Because of the affordable rate you had many guests that normally wouldn't frequent a 4 or 5 star quality hotel. The lobby at night especially was overloaded with bling wearing, tattooed, baggy pants, backward baseball capped wearing, young people! There were a few &quot;traditionally&quot; dressed people such as ourselves, but we were definitely in the minority. They appeared to be the California &quot;wuz up, wuz happenin'&quot; kind of crowd. Not our cup of tea. However, we would probably stay here again because of the reasonable rates, room quality, and the 6-7 mile distance from the strip, which we found to actually be an advantage.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Resort Excellent Value Will Stay Here Again!	Like many others, we booked here because of the extremely low rates; but we were not disappointed. The rooms might be described as larger than standard rooms at the Luxor, but not as large or luxurous as Mandalay Bay. Overall an excellent value, and we are already planning another extended weekend at this hotel.The rooms were very clean and comfortable, and this was the quietest hotel in which we have ever stayed. We heard absolutely nothing through the walls or floors during our entire stay, except for running water during early to mid-mornings, and this was only audible in our bathroom. The in-room safe was a nice convenience, though we left our diamond studs and other expensive jewelry and bundles of cash at home (just kidding).The food was very good at each restaurant we visited, and of particular note was the prime rib at Primarily Prime Rib, the crab legs and clam chowder at the Big Sur Oyster Bar, the biscuits and gravy in the Coronado Cafe, and about anything in the Del Mar Deli. The turnovers were each equivalent to about one-half of a fruit pie, and I am embarrassed to admit how many of those flaky pasteries we ate during our stay. Also, their sandwiches seem a little high in price, but they are HUGE!The pools (and the whole resort) is family friendly. The main pool area is actually three overlapping/connected pools. If I recall correctly, the two on the ends are graduated and only about 3 feet deep max, and the center pool was only 5 feet max. There were a lot of families there, but we didn't feel crowded.One day, we spent most of the afternoon in the multi-screen theater (seniors get in before 3 PM everyday for $3, using their Club Card). It was a nice break from the casino activities. Also, there is a 60 lane bowling alley next to the theater (both upstairs over the casino floor), but there was some kind of tournament going on when we looked in, with bleacher seats set up and only two people bowling. Also, there is a small arcade right outside the bowling alley, which had a pretty good, but limited assortment of the usual games.If you don't need the excitement of being on the strip, or you have a car and don't mind driving about 5 minutes to get to the action there, this might be the resort for you. We no longer consider Harrah's, the Luxor or Mandalay Bay in our Las Vegas plans, and South Point is our destination hotel of choice.	
Aug 8 2009 	Really good customer service	This place was beyond what I had expected. Since the hotel was built recently, everything was clean and new. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was large w/ bath &amp; body products. Check-in was easy and every worker we ran into was helpful and nice. I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 8 2009 	Great value...but so far away!	South Point is a pretty hotel. We traveled with our 6 year old and 7 month old, so we weren't really there to gamble. The appearance is what mattered most to us, since that is what mattered most to our daughter. Everything was very clean and attractive. The beds were comfortable and the hallways and room were quiet. The pool is very nice, with different areas in which to swim or sunbathe.The Casino was pretty smoky, but that appears to be the rule here in Vegas. We didn't eat at South Point, but having a Seattle's Best in-house was really nice (if you are picky about your coffee and don't want to use the coffee maker in the bathroom). We drove to Vegas, so we thought being waaaaaaay down the Strip wouldn't be an issue. We didn't count on the difficulties of navigating around the Strip, so next time we will probably stay a little closer to the action. Driving from South Point and finding our way around was not ideal, it turned out.I do wish that they had free wi-fi or free high speed internet. It costs $12.99 per day.Overall, a really nice place to stay for the price.	
Aug 7 2009 	Good value	We stayed at the South Point for two nights and found the room to be very nice and large. The only problem was the bed wasn't the best and the pillows were awful-felt like they were stuffed with chunks of foam. You need a car if you stay here, but if you have one, it's only a quick trip up I-15 to the strip or downtown. The pool area is very nice as well.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good Value Great Hotel Poor Location	Typical of most Las Vegas Hotels, the ground floor restaurants are all located around a noisy casino. Food is adequate, and good value for money. The hotel is of a good standard, clean, and pleasant. We paid less than $40 per night per room - very good value for money. Hotel rooms very quiet. The only problem is the location - though on the strip, it is about 6 miles south of the heart of the action (TI, Venetan, Mirage, Caesars', Ballagio, etc). There is a mediocre Outlet Mall about 2.5 miles north on the strip. A much better outlet mall is 40minutes drive south on Interstate 15 at Primm on the Nevada/California border.On the plus side there is loads of free parking space and good access to I15, and that's useful because you shouldn't consider staying at this 'out-of-town' location without a car to get you around!	
Aug 3 2009 	BUGS IN THE PENTHOUSE	We decided to stay at a local place for the first 2 days of our trip to avoid the weekend party people. We have gambled here before and liked it so we gave it a try. We usually stay at the skylofts at the mgm. Well the room was very nice but in the morning I got a very big surprise. I had bugs in the bathroom and the worst part the bugs were inside the new towels. I wasn't going to stay. So when we went down I really didn't want to cause a stir so I said in a low voice you have bugs I'm leaving. This guy didn't even look up and he said in a normal voice for all to here WHAT TYPE OF BUGS without looking up. I already told my wife if they offered a discount I wasn't taking any I was paying for the room. This did happen in the morning. We didn't see any in the towels we used before bed. ( guess we did have luck picked the 2 clean towels ). He didn't even offer a sorry or anything he just handed me my checkout form and NEVER looked up. I got a good laugh. The only thing he said was he would send up house keeping. I like the casino and it seemed clean but if I had bugs in the 2 bedroom penthouse on the top floor inside the towels that says beware. I will continue to visit the casino but could never stay again.	
Jul 27 2009 	My latest stay in Vegas Just Great!	I travel to Vegas 2 or 3 times a year, and this time(as well as last december), I stayed at the South Point Hotel Casino.  Let me tell you, first of all, I was in charge of a group, and we needed about 87 rooms. The sales department was very helpful and understanding, even in some cases when last minute name changes and cancelations had to be done. There where no complaints at all. As for my self, first of all, to my surprise my room was comped, and upgradded to a suite (in all 7 years I've stayed at The Orleans that never happened).  The suite was very nice, not as fancy as say Bellagio or Wynn, but it was more than expected, more for less,with a great view to.  Room service was just fine no complaints, th e hole staff was very friendly. Food here was good, Silverado Steakhouse was a bargain, as Primarily Prime. didn't have a chance to eat at Vito's, mabe next time, but let me tell you, Michael's is a great old school restaurant, not an extensive menu, but the quality is great, expensive but great!. Coronado Cafe was better than average and has good graveyard specials.  As for play, the slots where a lot better (loose) than other places I visited this time.  Overall a very good experience, It seems to me the guys at South Point are just trying harder to please teir customers, something that used to happen at The Orleans, but not lately. I'm planing to return next Augus, this time I'll be at The Orleans just to compare.	
Jul 26 2009 	I'm never returning !!!!	1. Very poor shuttle service, $50.00 everytime you want to go somewhere, Over an hour wait at the airport if you wanted to wait for there shuttle. No shuttles to the strip2 Get this room was out of toilet paper when we arrived, 2 towles for 2 people my wife has long hair, we got more by asking but come on! 3. No hot water at 7;15 am 4. No premium channles, ( super 8 has those, not everyone is there to gamble)5. The smoke filled hallways were nasty, you need to be a smoker to stay here. 6. Food wasn't bad, but South Point lacks basic services for a high priced hotel.	
Jul 23 2009 	What a great deal!	We stayed here for two nights on the weekend and had a great stay! The coupon book they give at check-in had some great deals. Don't overlook the $25 slot credit (free money!). We waited about 5 minutes to check-in. I had a gift certificate for a free 2 night stay and had no problem using it.HOTEL:We had a standard room with a king-sized bed. Beautiful and HUGE! Our view was of the pool area and another building. They had Bath&amp;Body Works for the toiletries...nice!The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet...although I admit, we didn't stay in the room much at all. We tried out the all night eatery (I forget the name) and the price was good and the food edible. It's not gourmet and we didn't expect gourmet. We were disappointed that we were promised 2 free meals from one of the pit bosses but that didn't materialize. CASINO:We really liked the casino and we had really good luck playing roulette and 3-card poker (except for the drunk guy that walked up and took my husbands straight flush!!! Odds were 40:1). Seriously, we had some great dealers (sorry I don't have names). We liked the casino so much that although we stayed at the Flamingo for the rest of the trip, we came back to South Point to gamble. Check out the nearby M Resort while you're there too...it's really nice and they have great restaurants. We didn't go to the movies...personally I don't go to Vegas to see a movie! I also didn't check it out the bowling alley. Definitely buy alcohol from the store in the hotel...the prices are the best around (we checked).ISSUES (well not really): It's far from the strip but we liked not having the crowds to deal with. We did have a rental and it worked out great.	
Jul 22 2009 	As said by others best hotel off the strip!	This review is long overdue but I will try to convey as much as I remember.First off, if you plan on staying at this hotel, a car rental is a must! For the price of the car rental and hotel, our stay at the South Point still came to less than others on the strip. The rooms are exceptionally appointed with a plasma, large beds and are roomy. The food is great and the service is as good as the others. The hotel/casino itself is very nicely appointed, with awesome pool, convention center, nightclub, etc. Very comporable to higher end hotels on the strip!	
Jul 21 2009 	South Point is a good deal	The only negative I have to say about South Point is that it is far away from the strip.We had some problems with the room key cards which was incredibly frustrating. We had to replace them a few times as they either became demagnetized or we just had a defective lock. I do not know.Other than that, it was easy to navigate and as I was there for a conference it was nice to not have to walk 2 miles to get from the hotel room to the conference room. Buffet left much to be desired, but the Deli and restaurants were good. I found the hotel room very comfortable and spacious and I liked that the toilet and shower were separate from the rest of the bathroom, which came in handy with 3 girls sharing one room.Because it is off the strip, it is less expensive. If you are going to Vegas for the strip, you should stay in a hotel that is closer or have your own vehicle. Otherwise be prepared to take the bus or pay for expensive cab rides.	
Jul 19 2009 	Not sure about hotel but they will take your money and deny you service on the floors	My husband just sat down at the Black Jack tables, literally for 5 minutes, while he was waiting for a friend. He lost $350 in that 5 minutes, and the dealer told him he wasn't allowed to play black jack at South Point anymore..but that he was allowed to play any other game they had available!!?! What kind of business are they running there? I plan to let everyone know not to give this casino any of their money! I'm appalled	
Jul 19 2009 	Very nice rooms decent property	I have actually stayed at the South Point a couple of times. The rooms are top-notch and are as nice as any of the four-star properties on the Strip. I love the big plasma t.v.'s and the large bathrooms and large rooms.The only drawbacks are that the hotel is only good if you have a vehicle so you can get around since it is several miles from everything. and the buffet is not good at all.Other than that, there are plenty of amenities, like bowling alley and movie theaters. The cafe is decent and there are a couple of other restaurants that are good.I would definitely recommend staying here is you don't need to stay on the Strip.	
Jul 19 2009 	What you pay is what you get!	We stay 3 nights at the hotel. Check in was fast. The rooms was nice and clean. My only complaints was the standard pillows they have is uncomfortable and in the bathroom the shower head pressure was so low it took forever to rinse my hair! I don't recommend eating at any of the restuarants! It was a big disappointment especially when your staying at the hotel and you want the convience to eat there. Food was not great! Your better off eating outside of the hotel. The are plenty of restuarants just 1 mile or 2 from the hotel so that's a plus! If you plan on hanging out at strip, I recommmend you stay on the strip,but if you want to drive or don't mind paying a $25 taxi bill traveling back and forth from your hotel then it up to you. Nice place to sleep but I don't think I will book another stay....	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Hotel and a Great Bargain	We booked a room here for two nights in June at $35/night. I had read some great reviews on here and decided to take the plunge because the price could not be beat.We had an excellent time. The rooms were huge (about 500 square feet) with a large bathroom. The shampoo and lotion were from Bath and Body Works, a nice touch. The bed was comfortable and the room was very, very quiet. We never heard a peep from the rooms on either side, and we hardly saw anyone in the hallway. It was lovely. The only thing I would have liked to see in the room would be a mini fridge for keeping drinks cool (instead we used the ice bucket). Other than that, the room was fantastic!Our room faced the freeway and the pool, which was fine. Although we didn't spend time in the pool, it looked really nice and well kept. There were plenty of towels and each morning the staff was out there hustling to get it cleaned up and ready.During our time at SP, we bowled on the cheap with a coupon they gave us at check-in. It was fun, and not crowded. We also partook in the breakfast buffet buy one get one free special, I think it was about $9 for both of us. The food wasn't super fancy, but it was fine and the service was prompt and pleasant. All of the hotel bars have a happy hour special from 4-10pm, $1 for any drink. Again, we didn't partake (we're not huge drinkers) but that's a good deal.The gym facility here costs $15/day I believe. Rather than pay that, we drove to the 24 Fitness right down the street and used our membership there. There were plenty of grocery stores and chain restaurants nearby if you want to purchase dinner out or get water or snacks to have in your room. Parking at the hotel was, of course, complimentary. We're going back for our anniversary in a few weeks, again for $35/night! We'll hit the pool and the movie theater this time.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great place but the smoke is unaviodable King bed	We needed a place close to the rental car drop for the airport and South Point was a good choice for its location. I saw it on Hotwire for $39 and grabbed it. Of course South Point then ran a special at 50% off and could have had the room for $35. Either way it's still a bargain. Check-in was only a 10-minute wait so no complaints there. My only big issue with South Point is the smoke distribution. Right away the smoke hit me walking inside to register. It really is unavoidable, as one needs to walk through the casino to reach the elevators, or travel to the parking garage, or use one of the restaurants. You can tell I'm from the east coast where everything is smoke-free.We loved the room, a king on the 20th floor overlooking the pool and mountains in the distance. It was very roomy including the bathroom. They must have some pretty thick walls because we heard nothing when sleeping at night. Again, why have elaborate TV's and offer no HD channels.Yes the hotel is a distance from the strip. However there is a lot to do here. The pool complex is nice and big. The second floor offers a movie theater, 60 lane bowling ally, bingo center and an arcade. Of course there is the casino and sports book. I can say we tolerated the smoke and participated in a little gambling ourselves. We grabbed a bite to eat at the deli. Kind of ironic that many of the restaurants are open on the casino floor, but ask you not to smoke. I guess they never heard of drifting.I can see charging for internet access as many hotels do this, but charging $15 to use the fitness center? I totally disagree with that decision. Get the coupon book when checking in. We saved a little cash at the deli.	
Jul 17 2009 	Too Far from Strip	My wife joined me here for a conference. Conference amenities were very good. Room service was very good. The dinner buffet was horrible. The cafe was decent for lunch. The Mexican restaurant food was pretty good but margaritas were lame (with a coupon). The service at the steakhouse was below average but the meal was overall very good with an excellent steak. They tout their bowling alley which is huge but it is open for leagues ONLY in the evening. The pool area was very nice but it was too cold to swim while we were there. The spa was not hot enough to enjoy. I don't game but my wife enjoys blackjack. She didn't have any luck. The biggest drawback to South Point is their location. We didn't have a car and they do not provide a shuttle. Cabs are pricey and the public transportation inconvenient. Being stuck at this place in the boonies is a deal breaker for us. We would consider staying there again IF they had a shuttle, even if they charged a nominal fee.	
Jul 15 2009 	Yes it's on the strip...	...but it's not close to any other major casino. According to mapquest, it's nearly 6 miles to the next major casino going north (Mandalay Bay). That wasn't a major show stopper though as South Point has everything that you need for a great stay even if you don't leave the hotel. The line for check-in was a little long, but a manager came out with a case of cold water bottles that he handed out to everyone in line. A very nice touch I thought. And the line moved fast so I couldn't complain. As others have mentioned, use the coupon book that they give you upon checking-in. My wife signed up for their players club and they gave her $25 of slot play which she turned into $35 cash in her pocket which almost paid for the buffet for all three of us. I thought the buffet was quite good, better than the ones at Excalibur, Circus Circus and Sahara which I have all tried recently. And at only $15.95 and a free bottle of wine (with a coupon from the book), it was quite a bargain. The room was spacious and well-appointed with 50&quot; plasma HD sets mounted on the wall. Didn't have HD channels though as others have pointed out. Bathrooms are large with a separate tub/shower room.We tried out the pool and even though it was July 4th, I didn't think it was over-crowded. But there was no mistaking it for an &quot;adult only&quot; place with kids snorkeling in the large circular jacuzzi pool. If you don't mind being a short drive from the action on the strip, then this is the place to stay in Vegas.	
Jul 14 2009 	Nice place but...	Compared to other reviews I've read, we had an unuaually short wait for our check-in, however we were not even offered a chance to upgrade if we wanted to. (Ballys did.) The hotel and casino is fairly new and is a nice modern place, but the service we experienced was not all that great.. The only good service (and food) that we received was at The Oyster Bar. The cocktail girls are some of the hottest I've ever seen in Vegas however. The pool area is nice, but we left before it got too crowded. Didn't try out the theatre or the bowling. All in all, if the overall service were to improve, it would be a better place to stay.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel and Great time in Vegas	I must say, at first I was skeptical of this hotel for our Honeymoon after reading some of the reviews! As other reviewers stated, this hotel is not on the strip, but its only like a 10-15 min drive very easy access to 15 and most of the hotels on the strip has free parking, so it wasn't a big deal. Check in for us was a breeze; unlike so others there weren't a lot of people checkin in when we got there (about 5pm on Memorial Day)! Not only was I glad we went with this hotel, my wife was very pleased and we didn't have to deal with all the nonesense that comes with being on the strip. The rooms were very large, nice flat screen on the wall, even though there were no hd channels, which kills me but i guess thats a &quot;guy&quot; thing cuz it didn't seem to bother my wife, huge windows for view (although there wasn't much of a view from our side, but again no biggie), and the bathrooms were pretty big with tub/shower seperate from toilet and sink area. This hotel has a lot of things besides gambling right there inside the hotel, bowling, bingo, gym, spa, Movie theater ect. The restaurants were ok, the breakfast and dinner at the buffet wasn't that bad. My wife ate at one of the restaurants, and bragged about the crab legs the entire time! Make sure u take advantage of the coupon book they give u at check in. After spending the first 3 or 4 days out on the strip and sight seeing, we decided to spend a lil time at our own hotel. The pool area was very relaxing, not overly packed like it was for some, and the poolside waitress kept the drinks coming! We didn't get to go bowling, but we did catch a movie at the Theater with some of our friends that were staying on the strip. I think they enjoyed that more than we did! Overall we had a great time at South Point and Vegas! Although this hotel seems to cater to families with children, it didn't seem to be a problem for us because we spent most of the day out on the strip and when we returned it was pretty late and nothing but adults in the casino area.If you do one of the Time Share presentations, do the Planet Hollywood one, the breakfast alone is well worth it!	
Jul 12 2009 	Off the Strip but ON target for Service 	On our last day in Las Vegas, on our way home, we decided that we might stay another day so we popped into the South Point. It was a Thursday, and we booked it for $56 plus tax. Really glad we did. Front Desk/Rooms:Long line to check in, but to alleviate the situation, the drink waitress walked by and handed everyone in line a bottle of water for free. Nice Touch!! Check in was prompt. Got a king bed room with a view to the east. There is one wing of the hotel that has a view of the strip, so if you want that, ask. Might be worth it, since the rooms had a large floor to ceiling window. We stayed on the 26th floor, so not sure if every room shares that cool feature. Bed was comfortable, room was very nicely appointed, large banister/counter area in the bath. See photos.Pool: Awesome--very good for kids &amp; adults. Jaccuzzi jets blow very hard. Pool temp was very refreshing, nice &amp; cool to escape the desert sun.Food: Only ate one place: Don Vito restaurant. Waiter was “Gunther,” an older German fellow. The service was outstanding! I cannot say enough about how good that made the meal. We ate fried mozzarella for an appetizer, chicken parmesan, lasagna and another pasta dish I cannot remember as well as a Caesar salad and two house salads. The food was excellent. For a restaurant in a casino, it is one of the best we’ve eaten at, and we’ve visited Las Vegas at least a few times a year for the past twenty years. Only thing I didn’t like about the restaurant: The name! Don Vito?!? Corny and not fitting at all of the class this place possesses.Overall: Highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	great value	First and foremost remember you're not on the strip. You're on las vegas blvd, the strip begins about 5 miles or so north. As I've stayed numerous times in las vegas, never at the same property twice, I decided to give the south point a try as they had a good deal for the 4th of july weekend (stayed 3rd and 4th). The package I booked had 2 free buffets along with 4 free drinks for like 150/2 nights on a holiday weekend, what a deal. The hotel itself is a 4 star property. The room was clean, large, ergonomically designed well, large safe/closet, good size sitting area. Let me tell you I've stayed on the strip in 4 star propertys for much more money that were'nt in as good a shape. Only things in the room that were issues were peeling of coating on the bathroom floor that may or may not stick to your feet. Also tv is a hd set with no hd channels, kind of silly. Neither of these were deal breakers. Air exchange in the casino seemed pretty good. Used the pool which was loaded with families, alot of kids but the hotel seems to cater to that. Very busy on the holiday weekend and the cheap rates brought in some unusual folks but I will say that everyone seemed very respectful so it wasn't an issue. All in all I would stay there again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Hotel and Casino!	We recently returned from a long weekend at South Point Hotel. Great hotel, casino and restaurants! We had a great time even though we did not do so well at Black Jack or bowling. The hotel is not close to the strip, so if you want to go to the strip, you'll need a car. In my opinion, there really is no reason to leave SouthPoint, they had everythingwe wanted and needed. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 8 2009 	Awesome Hotel	This is definitely a gem in the desert. The hotel is in excellent conditions, has ample parking, free valet parking and also has a full service casino. Also there is a MOVIE THEATER on site, a spa and a bowling alley. This hotel is truly awesome and the price is very reasonable. The room is very spacious and clean. It has a flat screen tv with premium channels and on demand movies, also the bathroom is huge with a separate room for the bath tub and the toilet. This is great if you are sharing the room with someone other than your spouse...The hotel is on the southern very southern part of the strip. If you don't mind being away from the noise, buzz and horrible traffic of the main part of the strip then this is the place where you want to stay. Also, upon check in there was a very long line but now that I think of it, it was 4th of July weekend so I guess this was expected. I was not ok with the fact that they charged for internet ($12.95 per 24 hrs) and $15 to use the fitness facility although many people used the spa entrance to use the gym free of charge. Aside from these things, i had a great time at the South Point Hotel and will definitely return..	
Jul 6 2009 	Very nice hotel a few miles from the Strip	The pros: new hotel easy to get to from the freeway. The check-in line was long (it was the 4th of July weekend) but it moved fast and they gave us bottled water while we waited. The hotel elevator wasn't too far from the front desk (this is not always the case in Vegas - I think it took me over 15 minutes to walk to my room at the MGM from the front desk) and the hotel was very clean and our room was huge! And the bathroom was large and nice too. The walls must be thick because I didn't hear anything while we were in the room. Parking is free - there is surface parking or garage parking - your choice. Of course, you are several miles from the strip so you can take the shuttle, a cab or drive. We drove and parked for free at the Fashion Show Mall right on the Strip where parking was free. The pool was nice but way too crowded, but this always seems to be the case in Vegas - I would recommend staying far from the strip if you want to be able to swim in a hotel pool. If you are not planning on just doing the strip, it is nice to be located off the Strip since you can drive in and out a lot faster than if you were always stuck in the Strip traffic. Oh yeah, and we got a great deal through Expedia and paid only $75/night including taxes etc.The cons: a few miles from the strip and you have to pay for internet access (but maybe this is the case at the other Vegas hotels too, I can't remember).	
Jul 3 2009 	What you'd get if you crossed a Best Western with Motel 6	We stayed here an entire week for a convention. As others have noted, it's far from the real lights and action in Las Vegas. It took a long time to drive anywhere to see shows downtown, etc. The standard rooms were spacious and clean, but poor staff service overall was a continuous issue and a disappointment.Pros:* Price* Fast elevators (2 banks) to rooms* Free in-room safe* Free coupon for some free slot play* Spacious bathroom plus couch and coffee table in standard room* Digital thermostat* Large windows (view varies)* Newer look/feel, with modern color palette in rooms* Rooms felt and looked cleanCons:* Always enormous lines at registration, no matter day or time* No electric, sensor-operated doors at front of hotel--you get the joy of wrestling them open manually each time, and they are heavy* A very long hike to and from main entrance to rooms, doubly challenging when dragging your suitcases, and each way you are forced to navigate through a casino thick with smoke (asthmatics beware!)* Limited hours for food vendors, and only Pepsi throughout hotel (yes, that matters to some of us)* Skimpy supply of thin towels -- one per person; we requested extras several times, but only received them once* We asked to borrow a bottle opener several times from room service, and it was promised every time but never delivered* Shower was very low pressure; water only lukewarm* Very few TV channels, and an odd mixture--many horse racing channels (for placing bets), Chinese and Spanish news channels, but not your typical CNN, HBO, Weather Channel, or anything useful* Our TV picture tube blew out on the third day, was reported but never replaced during our stay (not that I really missed my nightly dose of the news delivered in Chinese anyway!)* Business center had very limited hours and was very expensive--around $12 for an hour of Internet, and you could not save any of the paid time for later use* We had read the slots were the second loosest in Vegas here, but that was not our experience* The Garden Buffet was very disappointing. Food was poor to average at best. For dessert I chose a cheesecake which turned out to be warm Jell-O cheesecake (not the real stuff) and it had congealed fruit topping. It had been sitting out for a long time without refrigeration. Salad bar was limited and the lettuce was wilted.Conclusion: A decent choice for budget travelers; if you value cleanliness over service; and are willing to drive a good distance for decent restaurants or shows.	
Jun 30 2009 	South Point Hotel Review	South Point Hotel ReviewMy wife and I visited South Point Casino from June 24th ~ 27th. First of all, let me please start with…Pros &amp; What to do while staying @ South Point Casino1. Use your coupon! You will receive a small coupon booklet as you check in. I personally used $25 Slot Machine Credit Coupon as well as Buffet coupon (2 for 1). And also, take the gift giveaway coupon to the small grocery store in the casino, and you will receive a key chain. Not very valuable one, but remember, it’s free. :)2. Buffet &amp; Other restaurantsDo not expect 5 star high quality dishes at the buffet, but certainly, it’s not bad at all!Many different kinds available! At least, I found it delicious. And also, check out the other restaurants as well. 4 to 5 different restaurants available including Steakhouse &amp; Mexican restaurant. 3. Slot MachinesI only played slot machines rather than the table games and I actually saw some people hitting the jackpot. I saw a gentleman winning $4,000 playing Video Poker game. I personally had ups &amp; downs but overall, they wouldn’t just take your money right away. Just learn when to STOP playing when you earned some! :)In addition, ASK FOR LOCAL BEERs or COCKTAILs while gambling! They are all free! I was able to enjoy playing slot machines while drinking beers. Yay!!!4. Family Oriented; Movie &amp; Bowling We watched Transformer Two on 24th of June. We expected a lot of people, but it really wasn’t bad at all. Get a free popcorn using the coupon!!! Right beside the movie theater, you will be able to see a huge bowling center. Again, use the coupon if your plan is to play bowling!Please be advised that I did not swim nor have a massage. I am not sure how the swimming pool or the spa qualities are like @ South Point. 5. If you have your own car, it’s not a bad idea to drive away from Strip (Casino) area!!!I visited Hoover Dam as well as Red Canyon Region. It takes about one hour to get to Hoover Dam from South Point. Check out “Lake Mead” too on the way to Hoover Dam. Hoover Dam definitely offers something to watch! Now, let’s go over… Cons &amp; Why South Point Casino cannot be Five Star Hotel1. Smoky Smoky Smoky Casino. Yes, I am very well aware of the fact that all the other hotels are the same as well where we will have lots of smokers while playing games. At South Point Casino, I do realize that they have the air filter system; however, there are perhaps too many smokers or what? Compared to any other hotels on the Strip, you can definitely feel the low quality of the air. After spending about an hour playing slot machine, you will be able to smell the smoky smell from your clothes all day long. 2. Distance from the StripYou don’t have a car? Then, I am pretty sure that your plan is just to stay @ South Point. It does take 15 minutes to 30 minutes (depending on the time) to get to the Strip. Other than these two, I really don’t have any other points to complain about. As you see, I have more PROs than Cons; and therefore, I would rate this hotel as FOUR STAR. Overall, you are just receiving what you “paid” for. You wouldn’t be able to stay @ Bellagio or Venetian with the money you are paying in order to stay @ South Point, right? There’re always reasons to have the rooms available @ very cheap price compared to the market price @ Vegas. Oh! well, at least, I personally was very satisfied with South Point after all. Thank you for reading!	
Jun 28 2009 	Okay place along the lines of the Station hotels but far away and Friday night was really weird.	Booked a cheap rate through Hotwire, who frankly fraudulently deemed this hotel &quot;near strip south.&quot; it's 7 miles from the MGM, which is practically at the end of the strip. Huge development, fairly high end and clean. Lots of the amenities : two arcades, bowling, movies attract families; so there were lots of families there. Retirees and locals, until Friday night a good enough mix. On Friday huge hordes of grubby teenagers/twentysomethings were everywhere. Nice kids I'm sure but more a reenactment in the oughties of rock and roll high school than the scrubbed clubbing youngsters you see on the strip. Asked a blackjack dealer where they all came from and she said &quot;TGIF.&quot; I'm guessing nickel beer and really relaxed security. I fled. Not sure if the whold weekend was like that but it was plenty to keep me away. To be fair the room was huge and very clean. Lots of marble and a big flat screen tv. Oddly for the quality finish out the tub/shower weren't upgraded. With the cheap price on Hotwire and a rent a car it was fine for me but those partaking of alcohol would more than give back their savings in cabfare. Decent enough except for whatever happens on Friday.	
Jun 26 2009 	Nice place great value.	Stayed here last year and this year for a convention. Great value and a nice place. Staff is helpful and polite. Large, nicely appointed rooms. Biggest complaint is lack of free Internet access ($12.99/day) and $15/day charge if you want to use the workout room, which is very nice. Would like to see these items included in the rate. Nice selection of restaurants in the hotel, including a very good buffet.	
Jun 26 2009 	Money well spent!	Fri-Sat 2 night stay for less than $150.00. Room has 2 Full-Size beds (they consider them queen). Large 42in LCD tv. Large bathroom. Everything was very clean, and organized in the room. Bath and Body Works shampoo, and conditioner along with mouth wash. Gambling was excellent (slots). The crowd is approx about 35-65yrs old. The coupon book gives you a $25 free slot play coupon. Movies are $7-$10, depending on times. Overall i would give this hotel/casino a 8/10. Mexican food was good at a GREAT price.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Place to stay in Vegas if you don't mind a drive to the Strip	We usually stay on the Strip, but we were sick of overpaying for old, dingy hotel rooms so we decided to chance it and stay at the South Point. We stayed around the time of the name change from South Coast to South Point and everything was brand new. Great, huge room - very updated and CLEAN! We rented a car and drove to our favorite places on the Strip and got to drive around all see some other casinos as well. We usually go to Vegas to gamble and have a good time and South Point definitely fit the bill!!	
Jun 25 2009 	Great value for the price just consider the tradeoff of its location.	The South Point was the official hotel for an event that I attended for 5 days in early June 2009. Can't beat the price! In fact, I got a $45 a night room rate through Travelocity for the week days portion of my stay, which was lower than the supposed advance discount rate offered through the event that I was attending. For such a low rate, you get a big room, with all the amenities. While the style and decoration may not strike you as luxurious, everything is of a good quality. The carpet, wall treatments, molding, bathroom floor and tile, fixtures, etc. The room had a king size bed, sofa &amp; coffee table, small round table with 2 chairs, plus a separate desk with a chair. And even with all of that furniture, there was still lots of open floorspace in the room.You've no doubt read about the bowling alley, movieplex, bingo hall and equestrian center. All are very modern and very popular. I ate a lot of meals off-site, so I don't feel qualified to comment on the South Point's restaurants.The casino had all the typical machines and table games, but was small by Vegas standards. And it was very smokey. Obviously one area where they saved construction money was by not installing a mega-strength filtering system, like they have at some of the higher end Vegas hotels.Is the hotel's location a pro or a con? I would say that you just have to be realistic about the tradeoff of off-Strip location vs. value. South Point is located far south of what is considered the southern tip of the Strip ... Mandalay Bay, Four Seasons, etc. You absolutely cannot walk to the Strip. Taxi is approximately $30 each way, more if you go to the northern area of the Strip. The famous Deuce bus that many visitors use to economically get up and down the Strip does not come anywhere near the South Point. At this point in time, the hotel does not offer a shuttle to the Strip. So if you will travel to Vegas by car, you won't have an issue. Otherwise, I strongly suggest that you rent a car, for a least a few days. I did that and was pleasantly surprised that having a car in Vegas was not a hassle at all. All of the Strip casinos have free self-park garages, and even if you use valet parking, the only cost is a tip to the attendant. Traffic wasn't that bad either, even on Las Vegas Blvd. Now some of the lack of parking fees and traffic may have been because the visitor counts are way down during the current recession, so if you are reading this review months later, you may want to investigate to verify that these factors are still true.All in all, I highly recommend the South Point, as long as you understand what you are getting for that attractively low room rate.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great family hotel	Our stay was the weekend of June 6-11Large spacious rooms with daily maid service. If you have kids like me, bring a PS2 with you to hook to the tv for dvd's and games, when they are not out. the hotel is clean and friendly and kids can be trusted to roam around with little supervision, some days I didn't see them for hours.This is a great hotel that is family oriented. They have a large outside pool that is 4 feet deep but doesn't get to warm so during our stay it was weird that adults were in the kiddie pool and kiddies were in the spa/hot tub with no one really in the large pool. Also note that although it is family oriented, i noticed a woman laying on her stomach with her top off tanning, i saw this on at least two different days, no one complained.The kids loved bowling,movies,and the arcade. Looking forward to returning again, when it is cooler.If u need to go to the strip rent a car or share a taxi if your bold enough to ask someone to share. For food, I would suggest eating the breakfast buffet $6.95, then they have a 75 cent hot dog cart. If u go to the strip, there is fast food everywhere and make sure to get discount tickets by the big coke to save on shows.	
Jun 22 2009 	Good value	My husband had some business to conduct in Vegas. We planned to stay for 2 days but later decided to stay for 4 . Pros: The price was right. The food is decent. The pool was nice, but it closes early. I was able to play bingo and the slots in the same hotel!!. The children went to the movies and had a chance to bowl, in the hotel. No resort fee. Plenty of parking. The children loved it.Here's the cons:It is off the strip. There's limited movies on cable. Long lines for check in. Housekeeping had to be called twice. Forgot to clean our room,. The movies are very expensive. The fitness center is additional cost. The business center has additional cost. Far from the strip. Limited places to eat in the hotel. Far away from fast food. The front desk seemed unprofessional and too busy to help. Quick to transfer you if you called to ask questions. We were told we would have queen beds but were given full beds.	
Jun 20 2009 	Worth the drive to the strip!	Planned to stay here for just one night, but we decided to extend our trip because we were having such a great time. A distance from the strip but well worth the drive. South Point is not crowded (a negative if you are looking for a &quot;nightlife&quot; experience--which I wasn't), has sumputuous rooms, and has plenty to do. We went bowling, went to the movies, enjoyed the pool, played bingo, enjoyed some delicious meals, gambled, and played bingo all without leaving the hotel. The room was large and the bed was divine. I had two wonderful nights sleep and I don't usually sleep well in hotels. One night will not be enough---book two with the Internet special (which is a terrific deal!)	
Jun 17 2009 	Over-hyped	I booked the South Point on a recent trip to Vegas because it received such incredible reviews on this site. Perhaps my expectations were too high. Sure, I got a great deal on my stay, but for just 10 or 15 dollars more I could have stayed on the strip and believe I would have been much happier. The location, obviously, is not good compared to the strip casinos, but this should be obvious. My real problem was with the service. As I've seen others write, I had a long wait at check-in. When I finally got to the front, the lady at the desk did not apologize for the wait or even acknowledge me. I had to say, &quot;Hi, checking in&quot; before she even looked up. After that she said maybe ten words to me and sent me on my way. When I called down to the front desk later because of a problem, I had a ten-minute wait on the phone, and then they couldn't even solve my problem.The rooms are nice, I will give the casino that much. But the casino and lobby area is nothing memorable. It's basically one big room, and has nothing special about it. It's much smaller than the strip casinos, too, and doesn't offer nearly the same amount of restaurants and bars. Add all this together, and I was disappointed in my stay considering how rave the reviews are on this site. It's a decent hotel with nice rooms, and probably one of the better casino hotels for families. But for the average traveler, I would recommend looking elsewhere.	
Jun 16 2009 	Can't Fault It	After two days staying in the Venetian and a 15-hour day driving to/from the Grand Canyon I was not expecting much. I had pre-booked the room at a cost of less than £25.00. Booked on the strength of previous TA reviews and just to let you know the previous reviews are spot on. I was very surprised and pleased.The room was large with 2 king size beds. Large TV on wall but not many channels to choose from. Large bathroom, not quite the Venetian but functional none the less. Room was spotless.Was given a voucher book upon arrival offering discounts in the bars, restaurants etc. There appeared to be no catches in using the vouchers and all were taken without any problems.The casino appealed to us, none of us are gamblers. It was nice to see lower value blackjack and roulette tables. Still lose the same amount of money but it just takes longer at the South Point.The next morning we had the buffet breakfast again using the vouchers. Can't fault it. Good choice and all food was hot and plentiful.For the price we paid this Hotel is without doubt the best value hotel I have ever stayed in. If you're looking for a hotel on the strip then this is not it. If you are looking for a great value, clean hotel for a stop over perhaps after a days sightseeing then go for it.	
Jun 16 2009 	Don't believe the bad reviews!	My wife and I stayed four nights at the South Point on a busy Nascar weekend and had NO problems whatsoever. The staff was friendly and the room was fantastic!I think people going to Vegas sometimes expect to be treated like they are the ONLY people staying there so sometimes a little rerspect for the people you are dealing with can go a long way. When it comes to peoples complaints about cab fare to the strip..HELLO did you not look on a map where you are staying or maybe you should have thought about renting a CAR.	
Jun 12 2009 	Best off the strip hotel!	The South Point is a fantastic hotel with a couple of flaws. First the Cons (not many): The hotel is far from the strip and the area is congested (we drove). There is a fantastic flat screen TV with very few TV channels. We aren't gamblers, we were traveling to Los Angeles and choose the South Point as a stopping point. Relaxing in the room and watching a little TV would have been nice. It seemed they much rather have you gambling than spending time in your room. We also wanted to relax in the hot tub, but the pool are closed at 8PM. I have no idea why...The pool seemed very crowded when we walked through after we checked in at 5PM.Now the Pros (many): The room is huge with a sitting area. There is a wall unit from floor to ceiling for storage. The king sized bed seemed oversized and was the most comfortable bed we had in all our days on the road, There were reading lights overhead. The decor was neutral and in golds and tans. Very nice. We had no view, though we didn't care about that.The food was awesome. We got a nice price on the hotel with food coupons! 10% off the deli and the sandwich was so big, two of us had to share. The sandwich was soooo good! The breakfast buffet was plentiful and very good.The pool area was tropical and beautiful. It had artificial grass surrounding the pool area and hot tub. I thought at first that was strange, but actually it saves on water. They converse water, great idea!The casino seemed large (though we didn't gamble) and people seem happy there. There were a lot of kids running through the casino, I thought that was strange.All in all, it was a great stay and would come back again and again!	
Jun 5 2009 	Perfect Stay	Absolutely no complaints. Great price, arrived early and they arranged a room for us. We had a $25 free voucher for gambling and I walked away with $18 and my room was $35. Also other great value coupons. Pool was clean. I would never stay anywhere else! Good security.	
Jun 3 2009 	LOVE THIS HOTEL staying here every time in Vegas from now on!	Fantastic Hotel, it is not yet worn out like some others on the strip. Rooms Are HUGE! Real nice bathroom, bed was nice, flat screen tv. Stayed in May 09 sunday night thru thursday night for $45/nt...absolutely the BEST DEAL IN TOWN. 16 screen movie theater is nice, bingo hall with the computer cards very nice (though I didn't play), big parking lot valet is free but I tipped generously each time they are FAST getting the car, discount show tickets readily available (LE REVE was awesome, I thought it would be for the wife but I loved it), 64 lane bowling alley! great idea and it is still brand new. great room service, really nice staff, buffet and restaurants were good and not pricey like on the strip. You prob think I work there but I don't. I'll tell you I will be staying at this place every time I go to Vegas in the future. I've stayed at hotels costing $300+ that weren't as nice. Casino has all the slot machines I love by the way, not that it really matters as far as payouts. No nightclub, pool is very nice, no view to speak of from rooms (off strip), cheap extensive list of liquor in the lobby store.	
Jun 2 2009 	Really Perfect Hotel Cheapy! Value for money!!!!	I saw many hotels in my life because I work in a travel agency. Of course every place you must look to price-quality. This was really good, we took the favorite package, 107 dollar including 2 nights, 4 cocktails, 2 free buffets in garden restaurant (which was good, much choice) and free fitness. Really very cheap,same package in weekend is 140 dollar and still cheap. It is really a 4 star hotel, very nice big pool with sunbeds, nice music, cocktails and so on, and really a tropical admosphere (like you are in Cuba or so). Very nice spa, fitness, 8 restaurants. Rooms are also excellent, big, clean. We stayed on the 24 Floor, so nice view! By car it is about 10-15 minutes on the I 15 to the Strip, very easy!!!! Hotel is only 2 years old, 2200 rooms totally. I really liked it. Only one point, internet wifi will cost you 13 dollar for each 24 hours extra.	
Jun 1 2009 	Loved the SouthPoint	This hotel/resort/casino is fabulous. The rooms are the most comfortable I have ever had in Las Vegas. The food is excellant. The service was wonderful. And the casino is very large with a great assortment of machines that seem to pay much more generously than the strip. We had a car and went to the strip one evening but were anxious to get back. I am not sure on the next trip that we wil even go to the strip. The SouthPoint has everything and it is so comfortable and easy to enjoy. Each of us in our party were most impressed and hope to return soon. I would highly recommend the SouthPoint.	
May 31 2009 	Worst connection with the strip ever.	The hotel was good but you have to take TWO BUSES to get to the strip ( about 15 mails) If you have car or you don't want to get out the hotel it will be different.	
May 28 2009 	Great rooms big pool fun casino several restaurants easy to get to!	To say that South Point is south of the Strip is a bit of an understatement ... it's a good 5 miles south of MGM &amp; Luxor, which are at the south end of the Strip. Knowing that going in, South Point was a great value.We booked our room via Hotels.com for a Memorial Day weekend stay and got a rate about 40% less than through the hotel's website.Our room was spacious and clean, had a large sitting area, king bed, windows overlooking the pool, flat screen TV, in-room safe, and a huge bathroom. Considering that it sat above a rocking casino and the pool, it was perfectly quiet except for a bit of hallway noise at times...something experienced in all hotels.The casino offered a variety of table and slot/video poker games, had a large sports book, a bingo room, and a poker room. Table minimums were mainly $10, but even on this holiday weekend they kept a few $5 tables open all the time.Food at the three restaurants we ate at was good if not spectacular, but for the diner-range prices we paid, weren't a bad value.There were lots of poolside lounge chairs and plenty of room in the pool.The hotel also offers a spa; one of us took advantage of it and had a great massage there.If you're in Vegas to explore the Strip, the location is a bit limiting: the &quot;Deuce&quot; city bus doesn't go this far south and there's no shuttle to the Strip or downtown. But, if you have a car and a designated driver, its location right next to I-15 makes it an easy freeway drive to the big Strip casinos. Driving up the Strip from South Point was excruciatingly slow.Internet access is a steep $13/day, but who wants to check their e-mail when there are free cocktails in the casino?All in all, if the price here beats anything available on the Strip, we'd stay here again. But if we could find a comparable price at a hotel on the Strip with an outdoor pool, we'd probably pass.	
May 26 2009 	4-Star Quality at 2-Star rates	The South Point Hotel needs to be placed on the top-10 hotel bargains in the USA. For $70 plus change we stayed in the most basic room available. We walked into the room and immediately said, &quot;Wow . . . and this ISN&quot;T a suite?&quot; The room was huge and elegant, down to the finest detail.Since my wife and I use Las Vegas as a launching pad for adventures in the southwest. we rarely stay there more than one night. On our last trip, we wished we had stayed several.The spectacular buffet is very reasonable, and the food is the best buffet food that we've ever had. The buffet is the peer of any fru-fru of the Sunday brunch buffets that we've been to.My only complaint was the check-in line: it took us an hour to check in. That said, there were 8 people working at the check-in desk.	
May 25 2009 	Would stay again!	Got a great deal online for our stay. The hotel is a little outside of the Strip, but VERY convenient access to the freeway. Got to the hotel at 3:00, and it took us about 30 min. in line to get checked in. The casino is pretty smokey for a strip hotel. It's a bit of a walk to the elevators (but it's that way in most strip hotels), but was pleasantly surprised by the size of the room. Very spacious. Housekeeping needs to be a little more meticulous, but I am very picky about cleanliness. Very quiet rooms, but we had no view. We were on the 6th floor, and were facing a wall. At least we didn't have to worry about anyone looking in from the windows. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the bowling alley-over 60 lanes. Large theater complex. Average arcade for the kids. Took advantage of the coffee bar every morning, although the rooms do come with a coffee maker. Would have a liked a refrigerator to come with the room though (there's certainly enough space for one). Had dinner one night at the Garden Buffet. Nice, average food. Our package included 2 free buffets, so can't really complain. I didn't get to take a look at the pool on this trip, but noticed that a lot of people were making good use of it.Overall, very happy with our stay, and would definitely consider staying here again!	
May 24 2009 	Off Strip Elegant Hotel	I stayed here 5/17-22. This is my second stay here. The Hotel feels good. I like that it is away from the congestion and constant construction of the strip. It is very hard to find the entrance to the hotels on the strip for all the construction. The hotel is new and feels that way. The rooms are very clean and large. Nice large vanity in the bathroom. If you come near check in time you'll have to wait. I can't understand the moaners who think they are the only people checking in. They passed out water while waiting. Check in was pleasant. The maids were very nice. The food at the Buffet is average. The cafe is good. It's hard to get waited on in the Del Mar Deli. Seattle's coffee and ice cream parlor next door are quick and good. The pool was good. They have all the games the other casinos do. The shuttle had been discontinued. I think they still have one to the airport, but not to the strip. I like the choice of parking in the front or in the parking garage. Parking garage very roomy. Not like the sardine spaces at the older casinos on the strip.	
May 20 2009 	very nice	I stay here for two nights, I like the rooms, good buffet, great sports book area. I prefer to stay away from the busy &quot;strip&quot;, as the Strip has too many people, and too many traffic jams. SP, didn't have many cable tv stations, as some hotels have, and also charge $15 per day for the use of the fitness gym. Come on, $15 per day, I was down in Vegas last year, and paid only $35 for 8 days at Golds Gym, you do the math, I would say five dollars per day. I went to the top parking level, in the parking garage, and walk and jogged, for a hr each morning, and saw a great view of the Vegas, don't need to spend $15. I do like the Casino, as its easy to get around, unlike some strip casinos, and well lite. I would stay there again.	
May 20 2009 	GREAT VALUE	Just got back from Vegas. I used this site to select a hotel prior to my trip for the second time and was very happy with the results, so here is my contribution. You cannot beat the value at this hotel. Only a year or two old, very clean, nicely decorated, and good service. Although off the strip, the location is great at the I-15 exit, quick access to anywhere. The resturants are mediocre but reasonably priced. The casino is sizable and not overcrowded. The pool is good but the lounge chairs could be better. The beds are excellent and rooms are sizable. A reasonably priced hotel away from the crowd hassles with good service and comfortable accomodations.	
May 18 2009 	Good value Nice Hotel	Would stay here again. Everything was excellent. Room, bath, beds all excellent. But no fridge or microwave in room. Pool and hot tub were very nice.	
May 17 2009 	lines loud but the room was really nice	once I got past the smoky, cacophonous, gaudy entryway/casino area, my room was lovely, large, clean, and quiet. But it takes a lot to get through that entryway, as to check-in or get food one must wait-wait-wait (as long as 25 minutes!). on the other hand, they were very speedy getting me my free gambling coupon, which I happily cashed out for $49 twenty minutes later. the service was very good - they gaveme a free gym pass due to the wait and a misunderstanding at the front desk. But yes, otherwise it is $15 to hit the gym!! You'll also pay $12/day for high speed internet and more than that to print at the business center. The buffet is pretty good. The pool was MOBBED. Also, don;t fail to notice you are a $10-15 cab rude from the strip., This was also the first hotel I have stayed in with instructions for clean needle disposal in the bathroom. If you expected something really classy, you might be disappointed, but it was a very nice room.	
May 17 2009 	Hotel 6 miles from strip but nice rooms	The hotels is kind of nice.The check in Service was not very friendly, he tried to downgrade my room for some reason, when I complained he mumbled somehting and gave me the room that I had payed for.It is $30 taxi ride to get to the strip which was kind of a surprise as there are reviews below that say &quot;it is off the strip&quot; I just scanned through them and realised aftwards it is 6 miles off the strip.Anyway to the rooms are nice, and reasonably priced.The beds have some kind of plastic sheet which makes them very sweaty, but they are comfortable.The Sunday Brunch buffet was OK, but nothing very special.Would recommend this hotel to anyone that is not too woried about being on the strip as the rooms are reasonably priced, you have everything you need.However for someone who wants to visit Las Vegas, do not go here!	
May 10 2009 	Great value nice big rooms	We go to Vegas for New Years every year and wanted something affordable this year because we were staying longer. The South Point casino was a very nice surprise. We got a really low rate (under $100/night through a budget travel site) for a Deluxe King and were expecting something along the lines of Motel 6 quality. My spouse and i were pleasantly surprised to find large spacious rooms (500 sq ft ), friendly and prompt service and fairly decent food/drinks. There were a few cons: the linens were definitely Motel 6 quality and the bed was not made when we first entered our room. This was promptly resolved with a phone call and housekeeping apologized profusely and brought us extra pillows and towels. The bathroom was large and clean, but also very average. Basically, there were no frills but the room was quiet, huge and clean. We were very comfortable during our long stay. High speed internet access was available for a fee. Housekeeping was excellent.The valet parking was a little slow. There is a huge parking lot in front of the hotel entrance, on the same level. But it was always full at any time so we always had to valet - and the wait time was averaging around 10-15 minutes. And that's not on New Years eve. The casino itself is small and brightly lit, but VERY smoky and poorly ventilated. The poker room was very spacious and we had a great time here at the daily tournaments. The TV shows Poker after Dark and High Stakes Poker, are both filmed in the South Point poker room There was a seafood restaurant Big Sur Oyster bar - we had a huge portion of very fresh king crab and the small coffee shop by the entrance was convenient for getting cheap morning tea and pastries. We did not use the spa, gym or the pool. But it was very convenient to have a full fledged movie theatre showing the latest films and the bowling alley looked clean and impressive (we didn't play, just peeked in).Overall, this was a no-frills vacation and we got more than we expected. So overall, a very satisfying stay at the South Point and we will return again.	
May 8 2009 	Another Great Stay	This is probably the 3-4th time we've stayed at South Point and it's always been great. Checked-in early (noon) on a Sunday and got a king n/s room in the new wing on the 10th floor overlooking the pool. Great room as usual! The A/C is always nice and cold, the bathroom is roomy and has very nice Bath &amp; Body toiletries, and the bed is comfy. We rent a car so we don't mind being off the strip. We will definitely stay here again!	
May 7 2009 	Lots to offer at South Point	South Point was a pleasant surprise. We read reviews before we went, some good, some bad, but we wanted to be our own judge. First off there is a free shuttle to and from the airport, the hotel is clean and nice, it is off the strip about 6 miles but there is a bus route that you can pick up and go to the strip and downtown, for $3.00 a day the bus was well worth it! The room was nice, not much of a view from our room, but that was okay, the bed was comfortable, they do have a plastic mattress pad which does get a little hot but it was tolerable and we felt better knowing it was on a bed others have slept on. We ate at the buffet which was decent but the day before we left we stumbled upon Del Mar Deli, WOW!, the desserts were amazing, the bagels and sandwiches were huge! The next time we go we are eating most of our meals there! You have to look for the deli a bit, it is tucked away in a corner by the betting areas, but there was no lack of customers, people knew about this place. Seattle's Best coffee shop was very good as well. There is a bowling alley and Bingo hall and a movie theater, we took advantage of that two times! The gambling was good, we came home with money! They have $5.00 tables most of the time, where on the strip they were no less then $10.00! They have a health club with very nice equipment, you do have to pay for the gym, but if you like to work out, you should take advantage of it. We will be back for sure!	
May 7 2009 	Will stay here everytime we go to Vegas!!!!	This hotel was wonderful!! The staff was great, the maid service was wonderful, our rooms were BIG and quiet! The hotel was almost full and we didn't hear our neighbors, which is a wonderful surprise when your used to hearing everything in a hotel. The pool and hot tub were beautiful. We ate almost every meal right at the hotel, it was cheap and good food. Some people complain that it's to far from the strip, but it only took us 30 min to get to the Riviera where my parents were staying (after they saw Southpoint they wished they stayed there too) and we liked being away from the madness. There is a great outlet mall only 3 miles from this hotel and it's awesome. There are also lots of other shopping and resturants near this hotel. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a hotel with wonderful rooms/beds, good food and friendly service!!	
May 4 2009 	Nice than you would expect	I live in Los Angeles and come to las Vegas every other month or so. I stay in different places all the time, from the lowly Wild West (please don't ever stay there, ever) to a suite at Mandalay Bay or Caesars. This trip I wanted to do cheap (but not as cheap as the other time I ended up at Wild West) so I booked this hotel through Hot Wire (selected cheapest 4 star). It was $48 (hotel advertised $70). Checked in was quick and no add on &quot;facility fee&quot; that some places charge if you book on a discount site.Room was nice, not grand, but nice. Bigger than I expected. Everything worked and good repair. Good quality bed. Perfectly clean. Could not hear neighbors.I saw other posts, my room did not smell. Water pressure was great. I don't iron so except for seeing there was one I can't comment. I saw no problem them running an authorization for 4100. Most hotels do it for more than that.Pool was nice. Snack bar limited. I missed the restaurants because we went to a show, got back at 11 pm and all was closed except the Cafe. Had dinner anyway and it was reasonable priced and very good (we had lunch there earlier and also very good). Both lunch and dinner ran under $40 for two with tip.Gambling was OK, machines were newer and worked, table games are table game. Staff was friendly, and people came often asking if you wanted a drink.Downside: It is 10-15 minutes from the main strip area by car. No car you are pretty stuck and miss out on a lot. Could use more help in the cafe. Took a while to place orders, but after that service was very good. Tried calling concierge and the pool and no one ever did pick up. I always drive in so I would stay here again as long as it is half the price of a 4 star strip hotel. They do charge about $12 for Internet which is a rip off. I also liked the choice of parking in a high rise lot or in a flat lot right outside the main door. Oh, and there is a really good Dunkin Donuts only about a mile east of the hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Poor service and overcharged	We booked a king suite long ahead of our trip and paid for it through the hotel directly. When we got there we didn't get the room we wanted, called desk and was told there were none like we wanted available and would have to wait to see if there was in morning and then check out and re check in and move! This is what we ended up doing as what can you do at late night. We were told an adjustment would be made on the rate and refunded. Upon check out we were charged MORE then what we were quoted and had paid for and questioned the Hotel. Comment was that was the going rate at this time. Seems they can varry it as they choose not fix it when reservation was made. We are still in process of getting money back.. Otherwise this hotel is very nice with good amenities and staff. The valet help is GREAT!	
Apr 30 2009	excellent value convenient to airport	Hotel is about 5 years old, has lovely spacious rooms, and is well-run. It is conveniently close to the airport. If you don't have to be close to the Strip it is a great place to stay. I was very pleased.	
Apr 27 2009 	Average in every sense	I booked this hotel using a site that blindly said I'd be getting the highest star hotel in the southern part of the strip. I figured it was a well known property only to learn it was here.The hotel and casino are perfectly average. There's nothing to write home about but there's also nothing necessarily to complain about. I describe this as a fine, clean hotel and casino that could be located anywhere in the U.S. where gambling is legal. So that's my issue with it -- there's nothing about it that says Las Vegas. Everything is clean. But the casino is really brightly lit and there's no &quot;vibe.&quot; We wanted to feel like we were in Vegas but had to go elsewhere (Caesar's, Bellagio, etc.) to do that. It's also really far -- we saved a lot by renting a car but that meant less partying on the strip. The free parking made it less painful. I'd much rather pay more for a room in a well known hotel on the strip or book far in advance. But if you're not into the Vegas scene, you may be happy here. I was happy when I saw my bill at check-out.	
Apr 25 2009 	Great Advice	After the madness of the Casino in the lobby we were thrilled with the quality and size of the rooms. Pool is great!	
Apr 23 2009 	Super place = Super fun!	The South Point Hotel, Casino and Spa is a great place to stay all the way - everyone is great to deal with, spent 6 nights there and enjoyed everything about the place!	
Apr 22 2009 	Good value for money	Great value for money. The rooms are comfy and the casino has lots of low limit games and food joints.	
Apr 22 2009 	South Point: south of The Strip's congestion and super fun	We had a great time at South Point Casino during the spring holiday. My girlfriend and I were first time guests at South Point, but we felt right at home thanks to the generous spirit their employees. After taking an excellent free craps class, we jumped into a game. With the help of the gaming staff, we slowly became acquainted with craps. By the second day of playing our confidence had increased; so we opened up a $500 line of credit and played some more. We plan on returning with family in a few months to celebrate a belated birthday for my grandmother. Our previous Las Vegas get together was at the claustrophobic Luxor, but I’ve convinced them to make South Point our Vegas base this time.Good travels,ronsantacruz	
Apr 18 2009	FANTASTIC FIND OFF THE STRIP	We were travelling during Spring Break with two teens and purposely wanted a hotel off the Strip. We had a rental car to drive to the Strip daily. Check-in was a breeze and you can check out through the TV in the room. Pleasant ly surprised with the large room, two queen beds, bathroom had separate shower and toilet from the sink and large countertop for all our toiletries. The only complaint we could make was that the pillows were on the small and hard side. If you are driving in, bring your own. Nice flat screen TV, Great outdoor view of the pool on the 15th floor. Room smelled amazing, perhaps it was the great Bath and Body Works complimentary toiletries in the room daily. Very clean, important to us. Lots of families with small children and teen sports teams over the weekend. Not the same frenetic pace and clientele as the Strip. Used by a lot of locals, apparently. Easy to use the self-park garage, or valet. Food was more than adequate and the prices were so reasonable, my goodness, buffet breakfast was less than a meal at a popular fast food restaurant. Loved the Mexican restaurant upstairs. Surprise was the Deli, good food, but overpriced. All staff was very friendly. Pool was awesome, lots of room when we were there. Seemed much more family oriented with the bowling alleys and theatres. Plus large equestrian centre. Researched for a couple of months before deciding on this Hotel and we HIT THE JACKPOT. Do not hesitate to recommend to families.	
Apr 17 2009 	For the money = 10+++ hit and miss on the service!! Dirt Biking +++++	First time writer, long time reader. My family, wife and 3 kids (2 teenagers and 1 pre-teen) decided to spend spring break riding dirt bikes - my wife and pre-teen are not riders so going to Octellio Wells was a bore for them. So we decided to stay in Vegas and ride to many of the places around vegas (less than 40 mins away - if you want a list- Nelson Hills, Apex, etcc. just Google and you'll find list offered). So we got 2 rooms - one for the kids and one for the Mrs. and I - I tell you what, I was surprise at the cost $35.00/Room/Night - $70/night less than renting a toy hauler. The rooms were clean and big - nice to shower in a large bathroom after a day of riding. So here's a short list of:Pros -Great value for the moneyCoupon book with 2for1 buffet, and $25 slots (which I won $120 - not bad!!)..Clean roomsLarge bathroomsCons-Bed is not as comfortable - better than a toy hauler but not as nice as say the MarriottCasino has poor air circulation - but once in your room and floor - can't tellHit and MissService - great a the cafe, poor at the cashier (need some happy pills for them!!)Away from the Strip - Great for the family, but a bit of a trouble hauling the bikes in the back and parkingWIll DO IT AGAIN !!! for sure!!	
Apr 15 2009 	Very Nice Hotel off The Strip. Good for families.	Rooms are really nice, spacious, comfortable and perfecly clean. The hotel is full of fun ameneties for families with children (pool, bowling, movies, arcade). No complaints about the service. The hotel is several miles south of The Strip, but not a problem if you have a car. We actually kind of enjoyed getting away from the crowds of the Strip and back to the hotel. The TV was nice and the beds very comfortable. We paid $40 a night and it felt like a steal. Highly recommended if you don't mind being away from the Strip.	
Apr 13 2009 	76 bucks for 2 nights 2 queen beds	Best bargain ever for a very nice hotel. I only marked it down for location because unless you have a car, it's far from the action. But that's exactly why I stayed here. They finally finished the I-15 exit at Silverado Ranch Blvd so now's its convenient located too. I prefer my blackjack here. More of an older and local crowd. I've only eaten at the buffet at the hotel and it's average compared to other casinos, but then again dinner was only 16 bucks compared to the 23 at the Rio.	
Apr 12 2009 	Some good things some bad	Stayed 2 nights with family. Long wait to check in. Though room was paid in advance, had to give credit card for $100 authorization (nothing charged to it on check out). Didn't like not knowing that. Did book great rate on room as got one night free. Had requested non-smoking room, got one, but clearly previous occupants had been smoking as room smelled terrible. Didn't want to have to wait down at desk again, so kept room and hoped the smell would diminish, (it did). Room was nice, clean, and had flat screen tv. Not crazy about walking through the casino every time to get to from rooms to main entrance, but guess can't complain since it is Las Vegas. Food at any of their restaurants (we did the buffet and cafe) was average. If you don't have a car, you can't get down to the main strip. Parking was simple and free. Nothing really around the hotel so having the bowling alley and movie theater in hotel was good (we used both). Pool area seemed a little on the small side and busy. There is an office to get tickets (some discounted) to other hotel shows. We used the office and it was helpful as we were a little disappointed in their show while there, Debbie Reynolds was the highlight (not exactly someone even close to current). Access to highway and back to airport was easy. Depends if I would recommend to friend based on what they are looking for.	
Apr 11 2009 	South Point  way up	Very nice and felt very new property, with friendly employees and clean well maintained rooms	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Value for the money!	The hotel room was very good! There was one minor flaw and that was the wimpy shower head in the shower. I like alot of water pressure it was like taking a shower in a wimpy rain storm.The buffet was great! The variety of food was good. I didnt get to use the jacuzzi on the hotel premises,but my daughters thought it was nice.	
Apr 11 2009	The Casino/hotel sucks	I can't begin to list all the shortcomings of this Hotel that claims to set a new standard for Las Vegas. What a joke. It is nothing but a barn with no NONE of the glam one expects from a Vegas vacation. They have cut back on their amenities in a big way . $12.99 a DAY for internet access. $15.00 a DAY for access to a gym no bigger than your kitchen. The WORST crap odd in Vegas. An abysmal buffet. Terrible &quot;free&quot; drinks for players. I could go on and on. I have met friends there for three years in a row. I will NEVER go back. Check out the M resort down the road. They willput the South point out of business. Hopefully.	
Apr 8 2009 	Terrific value!	We didn't pay much to stay here, in fact it was the least expensive hotel during our entire trip. The room was fantastic! It had everything I wanted. Large flat screen tv, refrigerator and microwave, nice bathroom, quiet, and a nice view. I was really surprised. I will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 5 2009 	Wonderful Stay - Hidden Gem	This is our third visit to the South Point, always for 1st week of March Madness. As always, we were very pleased with our stay. Check-in simple. Rooms are large, clean, and comfortable. The pool and hot tub area are great. Restaurants and bars are good (Del Mar Deli pricey). Sports betting crowded (as you would expect for March Madness) - staff pleasant (ask for drink coupon - they are not offered). Lots of penny slots and low table minimums. Shop open 24 hours (liquor, gifts, some food). Plenty of on-site parking, either in front of hotel/casino, or in parking garage. Miss the dueling pianos at the Del Mar Bar. Able to print my boarding pass at the Business Center (for a charge). Overall, a very good deal. Will be back next March.	
Apr 3 2009 	Hotel Management - No Customer Service Skills!	When we booked with Expedia, under the hotel loc it noted a Trolley service existed from the Hotel to Strip for $5.Upon arrival, we asked Hotel staff where the Trolley pickup was and they directed us to a side entrance. After 10 mins we decided to ask other Staff associates how often the Trolley ran &amp; were shocked by their response-Trolley was discontinued in Dec.2008 &amp; they recommended we inform Hotel Management. Discussed with Front Desk Supervisor he offered a free buffet for our inconvenience but expressed that he didn't believe that this infor existed on-line. We persisted,requested review Expedia under loc-after 15 mins he found the Trolley info. No apology occurred after incorrect info was located &amp; still a free buffet was the offer-a $9. compensation replacing a round-trip taxi cost of $60.perday. Requested to speak to his Superior - we waited another hour - Speaking with Hotel Dir. proved fruitless except for receiving an apology. The HotelDir noted no monetary compensation or alternate transportation would be provided from the Hotel-even though Expedia website and Hotel staff had misinformed their customers. I noted we were looking at the difference between Trolley costs and Taxi-did not happen! Hotel Dir response is making Expedia aware of issue. This is Fraudulent Advertising, &amp; the Hotel should take responsiblity, as the Trolley has not been available for 3 months and their OWN STAFF was incorrectly informing customers. We are out $50. per day for 5 days-$250 total. Had we known that NO reasonable cost transportation was available from the Hotel, we would not have booked at this hotel. Stay on the Strip for the same $ deals for a 4* rating, and avoid frustration when dealing with Hotel management's attitudes with no concern for their customers and fighting for re-imbursement!	
Apr 3 2009 	Great value but that's about it	This hotel was a great value. The room was huge, comfortable and clean. However, there were several drawbacks: 1) the hotel takes a $100 deposit to ensure that you will not trash your room, 2) For the most part, the food was sketchy at the buffet. The waffles and coffee were quite good though, 3) the iron was tethered to the board so you would not run off with it, 4) there were lots of tacky paintings of horses and girls with horses in my room, 5) there was a prominent sign in the bathroom about proper needle disposal and I am sure that it did not refer to diabetics, 6) there was a warning that the fire marshal was going to test the fire alarm very early in morning. Thankfully, this did not occur as I got in very late from the East Coast.	
Apr 3 2009 	COUGH!! SNEEZE!! SNIFFLE!!	too bad they don't have a clue how to keep their air clean. If I wasn't choking on the air pollution, it would have been an good stay but since I can't hold my breath for more than a few seconds, I ended up miserable the whole time. When I first walked into the room, it was beautiful but the air was horrible. I looked into the AC intake filter and saw it was caked with years worth of crud. Called the front desk and they sent up a maintenance man to change the filter. A little bald headed chap with an attitude showed up, cussed at the 2 screws he had to turn to take the cover off, proceeds to bend the filter in the middle creating a crease that breaks any chance of a seal and stormed off like he had something better to do. The windows do not open so there is no chance for fresh air unles you take the elevator down and walk past a row of 30-40 ringing machines and step outside. Something i did several times near the end of my stay. The walls are paper thin I could hear people laughing shouting from 2 rooms away. I booked for a week as I was relocating to Vegas and spent most of the day driving around looking at houses for sale. But in the evenings I would browse online listing. By the end of the week stay, my internet charges added up to $90. Yep.. a cool $12.99/ 24 hrs A service that most hotels gladly offer for free. I guess they must be ashamed to charge for the internet cuz they say on the TV menu that &quot;only wireless requires access code, the wired internet is free. This turned out to be a blatant lie as I tried to connect with my own cable and it took me right back to the to the &quot;pay now or no internet&quot; page. When I asked the maintenance man what that &quot;only wireless requires access&quot; meant, he shrugged and rolled his eyes and pointed to the cable and repeated that it is $12.99 that requires an access code. The TV is nice. A big 42 flat screen hanging on the wall. You turn it on and it starts blaring ads for the casino. Ok, no problem, change the channel and find there are very few choices. Put it on something you want to watch and a few minutes later, it reverts back to a droning female voice suggesting over and over again &quot;what are you waiting for, click menu now for some porno. Titles will not show on your bill. Click menu now. What are you waiting for... aaaarrrrggghhhh &quot; Click!!! the TV is off. Over all I would not have complained about anything if the air was clean. The rooms are very nice, the garden buffet was excellent, I will go back for that sometime. Best lasagna I have had in years. But if I cant breathe, I cant stay sorry... I moved to an extended stay hotel just down the street from this place. I can breathe, I am paying less than 1/2 of the other place. Internet is free. I am happy. I feel sorry for the people that have to work there all day long day after day. It would make me physically sick as I could hardly stand 1 week of it. If they chanced all the filters regularly, and used commercial grade hepa vacuum cleaners, it would go a long way to making guests comfortable.	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent stay off strip	When my wife and I come to Vegas we like to spend a bit of time off strip and then finish up in the thick of the action for the last couple of days. We chose the South Point following a workmates comments. We actually booked the hotel three times as they kept on reducing the price ending up with a one and one free deal. This gave us a really nice clean room but on a low floor with views of the car park. We guessed this would be and hence were not disappointed with what we got. The room itself was very clean, well laid out, plenty of room and comfortable bed. The Hotel itself is very nice, plenty to do there, slots, tables, bowling, movies, shows, but the web site says minutes from the strip. Well depends how fast you drive but it's a straight line once you leave the hotel. There is a rumour going round that the shuttle they ran to Mandalay Bay is no longer operating due to the current financial climate and hence without a car the taxi bills could be steep if popping to the strip on a regular basis. That might be worth checking out if you are a non driver. We tend to eat out rather than use the hotels restaurants but we did have the breakfast buffet and found it to be good food and good value. The staff at the hotel are all very friendly and attentive. The slots might well be looser than the strip proper but they got my money, had hours of fun mind you.All in all an excellent off strip property which I would use again.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great rooms but it is a casino	The rooms are great value (seem to be available on Priceline for prices in the $40s), and are spacious with good views of the surrounding mountains. The rooms are very clean. Really the rooms are more like those at a 5 * hotel. Parking is easy at the front of the hotelThey do charge a lot for internet access ($12.95 per day) and the rooms don't have fridges or microwaves.For us, the major disadvantage was that it is a casino and the rooms are there to support the casino operation. Everytime you want to enter or leave the hotel you have a pretty long walk through the smoky casino. Seeing a heavily pregnant woman smoking and gambling was not a pretty sight.We were visiting the surrounding area and so this hotel made some sense. The interstate is close by and so access is excellent.	
Mar 20 2009 	We will definately go back	We stayed at the Mirage for three nights on our first trip to Vegas-I thought this hotel was nice but this would be our last visit to Vegas. But on our final night we decided to stay at the South Point for a change of scenery. We were so impressed with the South Point and have decided to definitely come back and stay here again. The rooms were beautiful and huge. The washrooms has a separate bathtub and toilet area. The only thing I did not like about any of the casino's were they all seemed to be full of smoke, even though they tried to clear the air...it still smelled of smoke. The only draw back is it was very south of the strip, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. The service at the reception was second to none. They offered to print our boarding passes for our flight. They gave us coupon books when we checked in and also an additional coupon to get a discount on our next stay. When I asked for a coupon book at the Mirage, they said they didn't have any-then when I asked someone else they told me to go the concierge...in my opinion, they should have offered it to me up front. The restaurants were excellent and there was a mixture of budget, mid and higher range restaurants. In the coupon books they gave two for one coupons, etc. The Garden Buffet for breakfast was unbelievable at $6.95 pp (and we also used a 2 for 1 coupon). The bowling alley with its 64 lanes was so impressive. My two teenage boys spent some time up there. We were totally comfortable allowing them to roam on their own. At night, there was a security guard checking to make sure we were guests before we went up the elevator. They also offer complimentary shuttle to the airport. I am looking forward to going again. We also purchased high speed internet for $12.99 us.	
Mar 17 2009 	Excellent value	We booked the room about a month ahead of time and the hotel matched the rate I found on expedia of $49 a night, which I thought was a good rate for a weekend.We got to the hotel at about 9pm and were quickly checked in.Our room was very nice and clean. In my opinion the only draw back to this hotel is its location. It is quite a bit south of the strip, we had a rental car so it worked out ok for us but it can be a pain getting back and forth to the strip.	
Mar 17 2009 	Really nice bet on it !!!	It was our second time in Vegas and this hotel were a great pleasure to be in. It's about 10 minutes by car from the strip but it wasn't a problem for us. We love to drive and know 'secret' places !Go to South Point with no fear. You can bet on it !	
Mar 14 2009	Not bad just a few quirks.	We reserved our stay for a Friday night for $79. After a late flight into Vegas, it was quite easy to find from the airport. Upon arrival, we found that it would be quite easy to park. No valet necessary! We could park near the front entrance right out front with plenty of parking spots. There's a beautiful entry way with a large porte cochere. Upon entering the lobby/casino, we found it to be quite smokey, a little too much for our liking. Everything seems to surround the casino, like most Vegas hotels. There really isn't a lobby, just a front desk off of the casino. Check in was fast and efficient and the front desk clerk was very friendly. After checking in, we then had to go directly through the middle of the casino in order to get to the elevators. There isn't much of a walkway and dragging our luggage through the casino with a large amount of people was a little annoying. Our room was located on the 11th floor with a view facing east towards the hills. I must say that the rooms are very spacious and nicely appointed. Large flat screen tv's and separate vanities are a nice plus. The beds were quite comfortable too. Our first shock after arriving at the hotel was the price of food. We later found all of Vegas to be the same. Rooms are cheap, but hotels are now making their money with expensive food. Be sure to have breakfast at the Coronado Cafe, great choice and not too expensive compared to other restaurants. There's a huge bowling center on the 2nd floor over the casino and a beautiful outdoor pool and spa. We did not have a chance to use the pool or spa as it was late and quite cool and windy outside. The hotel is very nice for an off-strip property, but I guess I was expecting something a little more glamourous. It just seemed a little bland in design. I don't really see how it gets a #8 out of all the hotels in Las Vegas. By no means is this a bad property, but I think for the same price, I'd rather stay on the strip next time.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great Hotel	We went to Las Vegas for the NASCAR race. We have never been to Vegas and decided to combine it with the race. We loved everything about the hotel. We did go to the strip one day and to Freemont St. another. Honestly, I didnt care for either, but was glad we went since we had never been before. Everyone at the hotel, including the people in the casino, were so nice. Did not rent a car, took taxi to and from. We had 4 people, so the cost was worth it. We were happy with that as we were drinking and didn't want to chance it. The bus to and from the race was very organized and it wasnt a long nightmare trip like everyone was saying it would be. If we go back we will be staying at Southpoint.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great Stay for a Nice Price!	This was my first time staying at Southpoint. My wife and I were in town to do some Christmas shopping down at Primm so we decided to stay on the South end of the strip and save a little time and money. Southpoint fit the bill!The room was very clean and comfortable and the casino was open and spacious. The spa was above average and we really enjoyed having a movie theater and bowling alley right on site. Our timing was good with free rodeo events going on in the event center.Food was above average and the staff were very helpful and courteous. For $70 per night we couldn't complain. If you stay here its helps to have a rental car since you are definately off the strip.	
Mar 4 2009 	A very friendly and home like stay people were nice.	This place was the best of all the places I was at, because it was not on the strip. People were very friendly and nice, the place was clean. Wish we had one back home in Pa. If and when we visit again, we will come back to South Point.	
Mar 3 2009 	GREAT hotel super friendly staff Can't wait to go back	This was my husband and I's first trip to Vegas. When i first booked the trip i was worried about all the other reviews i had read regarding the distance from the strip. It only takes maybe 3-5 minutes to drive to the strip, so if you rent a car, which i don't see why anyone wouldn't rent a car anyway you will be fine. Check in was fast and easy and the staff was awesome. Everyone here was friendly and super helpful. The room was really clean and the beds were so comfortable i had a hard time getting up, especially after only 2-3 hours of sleep each night. We were on our way to the hoover dam one day and this really sweet lady which worked for security gave us excellent directions, we got there with no problems at all. They have $1 roulette tables which were awesome with friendly dealers, great food, slot machines, bowling alley, movie theatre. The del taco place across the street is good, dunkin doughnuts, walmart right down the road. We stayed on the 24th floor and had a beautiful view of the mountains every morning for 8 days. We will definitely be going back. Great stay.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Value if you don't mind being off the Strip	When I drove from LA to Las Vegas and saw the signs for this hotel on billboards, I was a little concerned so was very pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. Rooms are large and clean and look just like the picture and I slept well. I was in Las Vegas for a convention and don't care about gambling and would recommend this as an option to anyone trying to save on travel costs. I was even able to self park in the front of the hotel which made the commute from car to room more efficient than I thought it would be judging by the size of this hotel. Just beware, it is a 20 minute drive to get to the heart of the strip or in my case to the convention center.	
Mar 1 2009 	great room!	We had never been to Vegas before and were only going for shows and the fun of the strip. We loved South Point because it was very nice and comfortable. The only down side was we had no rental car and the shuttle was very limited. The price was much better than a lot of the hotels on the strip and that was why we went with it. I like the fact that you can walk thru this hotel without being begged to listen to a timeshare. We hated that! Overall we were very satisfied with the hotel. Food was pretty decent too.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent Affordable Hotel	My husband and I stayed at South Point for one night, Sunday, Feb. 22. With the current promotion the price for a regular room is $57 including tax. We used 5,700 Citi Thank You points, so for us it was Free. The hotel's public areas and the room were immaculate. The room is a less fancy imitation of a room at the Venetian., where we stayed another time and paid four times as much. There is a 42 inch plasma TV in every room. Phones in room and bathroom. Bath and Body works Lime Coconut Verbena shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap and lotion, and mint mouthwash. Beds extremely conformtable, and a sofa - bed in the room. When we checked in, I asked for a complimentary upgrade to a suite -- I always do this -- no harm in asking. I was told we could have a suite for $50 -- which I think is a great rate for a suite . From checking their website, I think the suites have extra amenities and are quite large. The check in woman was all smiles, and said that she could upgrade us to the 23rd floor -- out of 27 floors -- which had a beautiful view -- for free. She also gave us a coupon book which had numerous coupons such as buy one breakfast or lunch buffet, get one free, free drink, free deserts at various restaurants, and $25 free gambling money if you sign up for their &quot;player's card.&quot; They have several lovely restaurants -- Italian, 2 steak houses, Mexican, and NY style deli, Seattles Best Coffee. They also have a showroom with featuring different types of acts and a spa offering all the services and treatments you could imagine. It looked gorgeous in the photos. We ate dinner at the Garden Buffet which cost $14.99 per person and we used a coupon in our coupon book for a free bottle of wine if you purchased 2 dinner buffets. The quality of the food at the buffet was very good and there was a fair amount of variety, including Prime Rib, Roast Turkey, Italain and Asian selections. They salad bar was excellent. In these economically distressed times, the South Point was doing a brisk business. I think this is because they provide excellent accomodations, friendly cheerfull staff and a variety of things to do and places to eat all at a VERY affordable price. The casino looked very nice and was quite busy. But we are not gamblers, as it seems to me that 95% of the money people gamble goes to the casino, and I can't afford to take that kind of risk. But if you like to gamble, South Point has all the gambling options of any major, established casino in Vegas. There were quite a few Penny slots, so if you find slot machines entertaining, you could entertain yourself for quite some time without losing too much money. The hotel also has an on site movie theatre with about 8 movies showing, and a bowling alley. They give you coupons for disounts at these also. And they have a beautiful pool area. All in all, highly recommended.	
Feb 24 2009 	Awesome Hotel	We just got back from a week-end in Vegas and stayed at the South Point Hotel. This hotel was amazing. The room was large and VERY clean. The staff was very friendly and very accommodating. The kids went to see a movie at the movie theater and there was still garbage on the floor from the previous showings. But all in all this was a beautiful place. We will definitely stay here again!	
Feb 23 2009 	Worst Hotel Stay in my Life	I waited some time after our trip to write this review, mainly because I was so upset when we left, that I thought perhaps after some time had passed, I would also be able to remember the good parts of our stay. This did work somewhat, but the general feeling is still that I wasted a week of my life at this hotel. I will begin with the positives: The room was clean and large and nicely furnished. Our teenage son enjoyed the arcade games, although the staff there was extremely rude to him on several occasions regarding change, etc. They were always nice to me; I think they just were on a power trip and thought it was fun to be mean to the younger kids. We enjoyed the bowling alley, but the staff there was also rude and uncompromising, until I got the manager. (This was a matter of having the bumpers up for a handicapped member of our group, but &quot;this is not allowed for people over 10 years old&quot;, even in an obvious situation.) We enjoyed the large jacuzzi pool, which was warm enough even in the unusual cold snap Las Vegas was having. (See, I did think of a few nice things. ) Here is the rest: The staff was generally rude, no matter if it was restaurant or coffee shop or front desk or bell staff. Just rude, couldn't care less if you return to this hotel or not. We booked this hotel over New Year's because we got a good price, and were counting on the shuttle to the strip, which was cancelled without notice on December 15. I have filed a complaint of false advertising with the Las Vegas Better Business Bureau. We had to use taxis a lot to accomodate a handicapped member of our group, since the bus stops were too far for her to walk. A one-way trip to the strip with taxi was minimum $25. When possible, we used the public bus, but it took more than an hour to get to the strip that way. Our 14 year old son got food poisoning in the Coronado Cafe. The front desk supervisor, Tiffany Cox, refused to comp this meal or the resulting laundry costs. This would have been a good will gesture in the total amount of about $45.00, after we were in the hotel a week and spent a great deal of money there. But as I stated before, the staff at this hotel couldn't care less if they have guests or not, apparently. By the way, I also filed a complaint with the Las Vegas Health Department regarding the food poisoning. I could go on about this dreadful experience, but to be honest, I am starting to get a headache just remembering how bad it was. Please read my other reviews, and you will see that I am generally a positive person, but I just can't do any better with this review.	
Feb 17 2009 	Wonderful stay at the South Point resort	My husband and I stayed at the South Point hotel in February of 2009. We were very, very pleased. The room was very large and beautiful. Very comfortable king size bed, 4 pillows. The bed had only washable sheet-like covers on it – one padded for warmth. No icky bedspread or blanket that you wouldn’t use anyway. Large, flat-screen TV, nice selection of channels and pay per view movies. Large sitting area. Wireless Internet access for a fee – around $12 I think. Typical for Vegas to charge, but it worked great. Beautiful bath area – separate vanity outside the tub and toilet room. I loved the shower, and most of all, I loved the Bath &amp; Body Works toiletries provided. Everything in the room was very clean and like-new.The resort itself was large. There were many restaurant options from an inexpensive deli with pastries, a gourmet coffee place, and on up. We ate at Primarily Prime Rib. Make reservations – it’s popular, and for good reason. The food and atmosphere were great, and the price very reasonable. Hotel guests get free desserts (in coupon book you get when you check in), and they are really good – better than I expected. We also ate at the buffet for breakfast – again, hotel guests have a coupon, and it’s 2 for 1. 2 of us ate a huge, better than average buffet for 6.95 total, plus tax.Best of all, we had this beautiful king bed room for only $52 per night. It’s definitely worth more. We could not find this quality for this price anywhere on the strip. If you have your car or a rental, and don’t need to be right on the strip, I highly recommend this resort. We were attending a meeting at the Venetian, but they had free parking. Otherwise, we were content to stay at South Point. Beautiful outdoor pool area, many restaurants, bowling, movie theaters. The casino was not smoky and it seemed nicely organized, friendly, laid-back. If you are looking for fancy night life, celebrity people watching, or meeting lots of singles, then this resort is not for you. It seems to cater to families and older couples content to hang out with friends and enjoy themselves. That was perfect for us.	
Feb 16 2009 	Wow What a nice place!	We had a bad experience at Caesars Palace and decided to move to South Point for the rest of our stay. It was the right thing to do, this is a great place. Check in was a breeze, the lady could not have been nicer. The room was big, new and beautiful. The bed was comfy, accept that it had some kind of plastic mattress cover that cuased me to get hot at night. The bathroom was very nice, shower was great. We ate at the buffet, it was great. We played all the table games, they were good.Made money at the slots. This place has it all, movie theatre, bowling alley, nice pool. We could not have been happier, we will be back. This would be a good place to bring your kids.	
Feb 16 2009 	Fantastic stay at South Point !	We just got back from a week stay at South Point Hotel, and had a WONDERFUL time!! Pros: 1. So much to do! Bowling, movie theater, large casino, lots of restaurants, arcade, equestrian center, shows, bars, night clubs, a very nice spa/gym - all right in the hotel!2. The room! Very large, had a sofa, small table and desk, separate bathroom area from the sinks/vanity area. The bed was wonderful! 3. The view from the higher rooms are amazing. We were on the 17th floor, and had a million dollar southern view. 4. Price - Can't beat the price for the room - anywhere. 5. Staff - everyone was really nice. 6. Gift shop - we found out from an insider that the alcohol they sell at the gift shop is the lowest price - anywhere in vegas - and they were right. Really amazing prices on nice wine and premium liquor. 7. Breakfast buffet - great price for a lot of great food - be sure to use your coupon book! 8. We also really enjoyed the Mexican restaurant. 9. Cleanliness - the place is immaculate - the cleaning staff is really friendly and very efficient. 10. Very large flat screen HD TV. 11. Not far from anything - short drive to the strip and shopping. 12. We had a car - and liked being off the strip - keep in mind that all parking on the strip is free, so it's not that hard to get around down town. 13. Very nice spa and gym. (although you do have to pay to use it) 14. Great room service! Cons: 1. Paying for gym usage - this wasn't a big deal for me, it was 69 dollars for 5 days which included use of the spa - which was really nice, and worth it, in my opinion. The spa has a hot jetted tub, steam room, sauna, cooling pool, aroma therapy showers, a lounge with cool drinks, hot drinks, large flat screen tv, and plenty of places to relax. I would have like to see an option for just gym use - but again, it wasn't that big of a deal, definitely worth it if you are wanting to work out. 2. Internet fee of 12.99 per day. I looked around and most hotels in Vegas charge for Internet, I think they would get even more bookings if they offered free or reduced Internet, it is a great business hotel, and would be even better with free or reduced Internet. I can't think of any other cons - I would definitely recommend this hotel! If you like luxury and a place with lots to do that is close to every thing - this is your place.	
Feb 9 2009 	Spa is amazing! Kevin is outstanding!!	Didn't stay at the hotel. Used the spa on a friend's recommendation. BEST warm stone massage I have EVER received. Kevin was my massage therapist. He is very knowledgeable about anatomy and physiology, he REDIFINES a therapeutic massage. All of the the staff were friendly, professional and respectful. The facility is gorgeous!! I wish I could stay for a week!!	
Feb 8 2009 	Great rate for nice big clean room but stay above 6th floor and no HD.	Best 4 star room rate in vegas. Nice clean, big rooms (carpet a little worn though). Staff was friendly and nice and gave me a coupon book which was a nice touch, just ask for it if you plan to spend any time in hotel, good BOGO deals and $25 in slots (which we won $24 with).My biggest gripe was the views. We stayed on the 6th floor and we had a nice view of the parking structure wall. See attached photo, was kind of comical. 7th floor seemed to be fine. My other gripe was that they had nice big flatscreen HDTVs, but not 1 single channel was in HD. I'm a geek and it disappointed me to say the least, and no free internet, but still a nice stay.	
Jan 30 2009 	Nice hotel	We stayed at the resort the weekend before Christmas. The resort is very nice and fairly new--it used to be the South Coast(some fo the door handles still have &quot;SC&quot; on them). We stayed there because we had a special promotion --the room was free! The resort is more family friendly with a movie theater and bowling alley. They used to have a kid's club, but it was closed due to lack of interest. They also have an equestrian arena that they have rodeo/horse shows. The Good:1) Staff--everyone was very pleasant and helpful2) Room--very large and new. Our room was 900 square feet. The bed and bedding were upgraded and higher quality--similiar to the 'Heavenly Beds&quot;. The bathroom was large with 2 sinks and a separate room for the toilet that has a telephone. The toileteries are from Bath and Body Works.3) Buffet--the breakfast buffet was only $6.95 during the week, which is a great value, maybe even the best deal in town. The selection and quality was very good.4) Resort coupon book--we were given it at check-in. Lots of discounts and 'freebies' like free drinks and dessert, 25% off at the various fast food places, free reward points. 5) Full service travel agency--availible in the hotel. They even have a half price/discounted show tickets service. This was great since we didn't have to drive to the ticket outlets and stand in line to get the tickets. 6) The bowling alley--64 lanes. Very clean and new. Great activity for the kids7) Close to Outlet mall and Town Square.The Bad:1) Location--it is very, very, very south of the Strip. We thought it was just a little ways from the Strip, but it's about 7 miles out. If you didn't have a car, it would be very expensive taking taxis to get to the Strip. The hotel does offer a shuttle to the airport though. The resort is close to multiple timeshare resorts--the Tahiti Village, Wyndham, Trend West, are all north of the resort. 2) Pool was closed for the winter, but the jacuzzi was open. There was artificial grass around the pool area--maybe to keep up the grassy appearance during winter.Overall a nice place. We were in town visiting relatives, so being on the Strip wasn't important to us-- otherwise it would've been more hectic driving all around. The resort has more of a 'local' feel to it since it's away from the strip. We would probalbly stay there again--if the price is right!	
Jan 29 2009	Excellent hotel but out of the way	I stayed at this hotel on a trip with my dad. I booked it because I found a very good deal online ($40/night). I wasn't expecting anything fancy, but the room was gorgeous. Bathroom was nice becase the shower/toilet was separate from the sink and mirror. Very decent for food. However, it is a ways from the strip, about a 10 minute drive. We rented a car so it was not a problem. Shuttles do run to and from the strip, but end rather early. This is an excellent hotel to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city, but I would recommend having a rental car.	
Jan 27 2009 	Suprisingly Great Stay	I booked the South Point after reading scores of reviews. I cancelled my inital $52 a night reservation when I found a New Years on day $35 a night special. Even though it is a few miles south of the main strip, this was a great stay, from the friendly staff to the super clean room in great condition, I loved the lime verbena, coconut amenity collection in the bathroom each day. Also the safe was lower in the closet so I didn't for once have to get on a chair to see if I had everything out when leaving.The hotel gives a coupon book on check in that was pretty useful: a bogo breakfast or lunch buffet, a discount on the deli (huge sandwiches), free beads, free popcorn at the theatre ( great diverson) and bowling discounts. Free drinks at the mexican restaurant, and the food was reasonable and really good. The only day the casino was smoky was on the sunday of the nfl playoffs, otherwise not noticable. Parking is a bit far if you have to park in the garage, but I usually found a spot out front. Bingo was friendly and cheap and slow enough for mom to follow and I actually won $300! We requested at check-in a high floor and close to the elevator which was cheerfully honored. I played many of the slots and came home with more than I left with so a good trip. A friend joined us and it was no problem for her to get the free airport shuttle at 5:50 am, with only a phone call the evening before. I opted for a car rental from car rentals dot com with Payless for $118 for the week. Her room had 1 king bed and a sofa, ours had 2 queens and a table. All beds have duvet covers and there are alot of extra pillows. Hot water was really hot and instant. Really cool to see all the cowboys arriving for the bull riding weekend. Last tip is for shows, we booked Bette Midler at Caesars on a discount from travelzoo for $45 in the upper balcony, on arrival we were laughing coming up the escalator and the usher could see we were having a good time and upgraded out tix for free to the lower floor about 20 feet from the stage, $250 tix. A great show, made even better by Ryan the usher!After seeing alot of Vegas all week, we were overjoyed each evening to return to the South Point, our new home in Las Vegas!	
Jan 25 2009 	great value large clean rooms	Stayed 6 nights in deluxe king non-smoking room. Primary purpose of visit was a tradeshow. Room was large with excellent housekeeping. Safe in closet was larger than many. Room had king bed, two nightstands, desk/chair, couch, coffee table, armoire with TV. Drawers in armoire did not have that nasty old/fake-wood smell that hotel drawers often have. Coffeemaker is the little single-cup with disposable brew pouch holder variety. But nice to have coffee in the room! Large vanity but only one sink. Plenty of hot water, bow-shaped shower rod. Toilet and shower are in separate room, which is convenient. Checkin was quick, and all employees that we encountered were pleasant. We did not gamble on this visit nor did we eat at the SouthPoint.Negatives:- the long hike from the parking garage to the room (and through the casino area), but it is no longer (and probably shorter) than many casino hotels. - wireless internet did not work for me. Used wired, which limited use to the desk area. Charge is $12.99 per 24-hr period.All in all a great experience and we would stay there again.	
Jan 22 2009 	Nice hotel as always	Second time stay here. I enjoyed it as always. The outdoor hot tub was open for the winter even though the big pool was closed for the season. Loved sitting outside by the hot tub and soaking in the sunshine. Lots of other people doing the same. The staff was great. The buffet is wonderful. Make sure you use your &quot;2 for 1&quot; buffet coupon that you get at check-in. Watch for on-line special rates at the hotel website and book early as the special rates sell out. Love the flat screen tvs in the rooms. I like the new-ness of this hotel. And, I actually like being away from the strip because its easier to drive around. Easy off ramp from the expressway.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great bang for your buck.	Frequent visitors to Las Vegas, we've stayed at South Point a few times now. The renovations to the rooms are great; the rooms themselves look much more upscale than the hotel itself. The king bed was quite comfortable and the rooms offer good sound protection from the sometimes-noisy neighbors. The casino itself is nicer than some off the strip, but don't expect anything grand. The cocktail waitresses are a little slow, but friendly all around. I suspect several locals play here often. The food at their restaurant is actually quite good, the Chinese and bakery cafe especially. Valet is prompt and friendly. The location is close enough to the strip with a car--we go to a hotel on the strip and valet or park for free at most places anyway, and get out and walk or drive back. No shuttles, though, so if everyone is drinking plan on taxi rides. Pool is open year-round, though they will tell you in the winter there are no lifeguards, so swim at your own risk. Nice large area. Overall, a great clean, comfortable and relatively nice place to stay with rates about $100, it exceeds expectations for the price.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Odds!	Our short (but intense) 2-night stay at the South Point was worth every penny, especially considering the great rate we obtained months ago. Their website does not lie and we found our room to be quite luxurious, compared to what we were previously used to. It was clean and everything worked just fine. The King size bed was very comfortable as were the oversized pillows. The bath products provided are really cool too. The shower aptly delivers. It’s great to have a 42” flat screen TV but the cable package is very (very) limited and not in HD so that sort of kills the deal a bit. The view from our room (5th floor) was a nice big cement wall. But we did not go to Vegas to stay in our room and watch TV so no big deal. Being away from the strip area is actually a plus because you’re not stuck in traffic when you’re heading back and it’s quieter all around. The casino itself seems just like any other and we don’t gamble so we can’t really advise you one way or the other. We had brunch at the Garden Buffet which was OK considering we used the two-for-one coupon given to us upon checking in. But I would have been reluctant to pay $13 for that quality of food. We also tried the Del Mar deli and as reported, one sandwich is good enough for two “normally proportioned” individuals. And satisfying enough for those with a BIG appetite. The convenience/gift/liquor shop is second to none for liquor prices. I had the opportunity to compare certain product prices with supermarket prices and South Point beat them by an average of 5-10% so there’s no need to drive elsewhere to get your libations. They obviously understand the concept of one-stop shopping and apply it without taking their guests for idiots (compared to places who charge airport-like prices). Overall, we would definitely return to the South Point providing such advantageous rates are still made available. If you’re renting a car, it’s the best deal in Vegas!Tip: if you booked Cirque du Soleil tickets in advance for pickup at the venue, don’t wait until show time to get them unless you’re sure to be there more than an hour before. If like us you go to Red Rock Canyon for the day and your plan is to swing by the venue around 16h00-16h30 to pick up your tickets (for the 19h00 show), go back to the South Point to freshen up and make it back to the strip, you might have a surprise. Because of the heavy traffic and the time it takes to make it to the venue, park, queue up for the tickets and finally have them in hand, you realize you’ll have no time to go back to the South Point, shower, drink a bit and come back. So instead, we got “stuck” having drinks at Wolfgang Puck (MGM) and paying airport prices. But it was fun anyway and we enjoyed every minute.	
Jan 14 2009 	Another great stay!!	I love staying at South Point. The rooms are new, bright and very nicely decorated. I love the brightness of the hotel and casino. The staff were all great. The cocktail waitress's are friendly however a tad bit slow getting around to taking your order while your playing. The hotel is located just before you get to the strip which makes it easy to get in and out of and still close enough to access everything on the strip.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great stay for us!	We booked a great hotel at a fantastic price for a Saturday night in Las Vegas. This hotel will work out best for those that have a rental car. We loved the size of the room and the comfortable bed. Every employee that we had contact with was very friendly and helpful!	
Jan 13 2009 	Good locals casino (far from main strip)	I am a gambler, so casinos will often &quot;comp&quot; my rooms and meals. &quot;Comp&quot; means complimentary, free. This trip was my first visit to South Point, and the hotel room was free before I arrived. So I can't comment on the room rates.Location (poor). This is a locals hotel and casino. Yes, it is on the strip, but many miles south of Madalay Bay and the rest of the strip hotels and casinos. If you are planning to visit the &quot;real&quot; strip or downtown you will need a rental car. The good news is that cheap rental cars are easy to get in LV. The hotel is supposed to have a shuttle, but I didn't try it. I just rented a cheap car.Room (very good). Enough room and nicely appointed. I don't spend much time in my room (other than shower and sleep) when in LV. Maid service did a good job and everything appeared to be in working order. One very big negative is the internet (see below). Temperature controls were quiet. That's a big plus for me since I'm a light sleeper.Internet access (very bad). Like a lot of hotels SP is trying to grossly overcharge customers for internet access. Only the hotel's hotspots can be found on this property. Some center strip hotels you can access hotspots outside your hotel, but not at SP. Both the wifi and wired connections are unbelievably expensive. Stay away from it. I'd drive down the street to a Starbucks or McDonalds and use their wifi service instead.Gambling (good). I didn't see anything to call overwhelmingly great or terrible. Note, many LV casinos have significantly worsened their rules in recent years. In fact, LV is no longer my favorite destination for solely gambling purposes because so many places have worsened their rules. SP is ok. SP's cage and club are much too slow. I saw 2 hour lines that the player's club.Food (fair). Quality was good in the buffet and ok in the cafe. Prices were too high in my opinion. My meals were paid for, but I don't know if I'd go there without the comps.Atmosphere (cowboy). You'll swear your in the old west. A high percentage of the patrons walk around with cowboy hats, fig leaf sized belt buckles, boots and jeans. If you like red necks and cowboys, you'll love it. Note, they have many rodeo and similarly related events in the arena here.Family (fair). I don't like kids in a casino. Like too many LV locations you can't get anyplace without going through the middle of the casino floor: front desk, parking garage, room access, restaurants, everything goes through the casino. After going through the casino floor you can access the arena, movie theaters, bowling lanes. There are things for families to do here. But I don't like that the kids and strollers have to go through the middle of the casino all the time.Smoke (bad). Like a lot of casinos the smoke handling is rather poor. I'm surprised because a newer location like SP should have built in better smoke handling. On a Saturday night, it's bad.Parking (good). Easy access to LV Blvd (many miles south of the real strip), to I-15. Quick and easy getting to and from the airport. Much easier than center strip locations. Valet was reasonably quick, and Summarybest: roomsworst: smoke handling	
Jan 13 2009 	Works for me. But maybe not for everyone.	Well run big hotel and Casino complex (about 4 years old) with large and basic but comfortable rooms. Not your typical strip hotel. Seems to be mainly used by locals and attendees at the massive sporting event centre attached to the hotel, hence food and drink prices are much lower than on the strip. The hotel shuttle that used to run to the strip has now been dropped (come on hotel management reinstate it) so unless you have a car, plan to spend $20 to $30 each way in Taxi fares. If you want to be in the thick of it, I guess not for you, if you want to get away from the strip, save money on eating and drinking prices and go with a lower key casino hotel, then maybe for you.	
Jan 13 2009 	Worst stay ever in LV	Stayed 12/30/08-01/02/09 King bed/new towerAbout a 1 minute wait to check-in at 4:30, yet it would be an hour for the bell staff to deliver bags to room. Explain that. Long walk from parking garage to room tower.The room was large, but not even completely furnished. Coffee table along with the table and chairs by the window in their picture didn't exist.. Since we rarely spend much time in the room, it really didn't matter to us, but this is a LV first for us, a partially furnished room. The sheets and pillowcases were tattered, and the 42&quot; tv was mounted crooked on the wall. The bathroom was large but only had a single sink. The closet with a safe was nice (but we didn't sit in the closet or watch the safe).Went to Don Vitos at 8;30 (opens at 5) which wasn't busy (I later would know why) and were told they ran out of lasagne. Probably the busiest period in LV and they run out of lasagne in their Italian restaurant. Explain that. Service was terrible and phony. Waited about 10 minutes after salad for main course (I upgraded the salad to a Caesar for $1 as their menu suggested. The salad I got was the same as a regular, no additional items in it). Waiter suggested an alternative to the lasagne which I took, with regret expressed. The pasta had the texture of beef jerky, and the sauce and italian sausage tasted acidic. The waiter came by and asked if everything was good, to which I said 'no'. Without breaking stride he patted me on the back and said 'atta-boy'. Needless to say, little of this dish was eaten. When resaurant management was made aware of the food quality and service, their solution was 'come back and we'll comp the meal'. Like we would ever eat there again.That night, I got very sick, unable to even leave the room til 2pm the next day. Gee, wonder what caused that?The room's temperature was fine, but the rest of the property was terribly hot. Patrons, as well as staff, complained of this throughout our duration there. It was uncomfortable, and coupled with the worst drink service we have ever seen in LV, it wasn't fun to game. In 25+ hours of gaming, I was offered 5 drinks.Maybe the beverages were being shipped in with the lasagne.Ashtrays in the casino were rarely emptied, and empty glasses rarely picked up (although, there weren't many of those around as drinks were rarely offered).Bingo parlor was nice, big easy to read number boards. But the NY Eve bingo session wasn't a lot of fun. 600 people jammed in there, in the heat, for 4 1/2 hours. (There was one break). We drove, so we weren't stranded there. With no shuttle being offered anymore to the strip, your stuck (unless you pay $$$$ for a cab or opt for what looks like a long bus trip). This place is in the boonies, nothing really at all within walking distance.So save time, money and enjoy LV, stay somewhere else.	
Jan 12 2009 	A Lotta Bang For The Buck---Great Stay!!	Just a quick note after returning from 3 days at South Point.HOLY COW!!My buddy and I travel to Vegas every year for the NFL playoffs.Thought Id give this place a try.......worth every penny!1) Incredible sports book.2) Great rooms with 42 plasmas.3) Every meal was a delight.4) The outfits on the waitresses are incredible!5) Only $15.00 more a night than PRIMM!6) A Spa for men and women that is like a private country club.7)Workout room with a T.V. on every machine.8) Pool and Jacuzzi that rival Caesars.9)Wives are going to love it too!Only complaint was one pissy waitress. She probably wont be there long. Everyone else appreciated having us--and treated us like kings.Our place to stay from now on!!James	
Jan 11 2009 	Disappointed	NO SHUTTLE (false advertising). We were assured that we would have access to free shuttle service ( or we would have booked closer to the strip). We had to spend a small fortune on taxi cabs, or suffer 2-3 hour bus trips. Call ahead days early if you even want to take an airport shuttle, or you won't get one. The shuttle also leaves too late for early flights out. Also, travelers beware of the rooms with a poor view. Cheaper rates also mean &quot;bad views&quot;. We were not told this upon booking our room, and we had to pay additional money for an okay view of the empty pool below. The other choice was a brick wall. Advise: Ask lots of questions and get it in writing before you book with South Point.	
Jan 11 2009 	Another Great Stay...	The South Point is one of the best hotels in Vegas if you want to get away from it all without breaking the bank. This is my 4th stay here and the place gets better all the time. Was here for business and vacation so it worked out great for me. Was able to rent a car and stay and extra night for about 1/2 what the other strip hotels wanted. There was no noise in the hotel that I noticed so it was very relaxing. I can tell that the word of mouth is getting around since the place was much busier than I had seen in past stays. Also found another hidden gem which is Fox Car Rental which is just a stones throw from the SP. It looks like all the construction is done on the second tower so that is great to. Thanks again for a great Stay SP staff.	
Jan 10 2009 	Fabulous Facility	Recommeded to us by our daughter who is a resident of Las Vegas (locals love this place), if you are looking for a reasonably priced &quot;Las Vegas Experience&quot; in a Bright and Beautiful newer Hotel/Casino this IS the place to be. Privately owned, on the Southern end of Las Vegas Blvd (The Strip) it is a 10 min drive straight up the Blvd to Center Strip and a quick 5 min drive to the airport car rental facility. It has large quiet rooms (we asked for one away from the elevators), a beautiful Casino, Bowling Alleys, Movie Theatre, Equestrian Arena, dedicated with a magnificent bronze statue to Ted Binion (one of the Founding Fathers of Las Vegas), Spa/Salon, event space, Bingo, great restaurants and Cafes. All employees we encountered were personable, very helpful and enjoyable to be around. Our Pkg deal for 5 days Sunday-Friday with rental car and airfare was excellent and we now consider South Point to be our favorite Hotel in Las Vegas. We will be returning there in June for a full week. For more information and pictures go to www.southpointcasino.com	
Jan 10 2009	An Unexpected Delight and a Real Bargain	We were in Vegas en route to St George, Utah for reasons connected to my s/o mother's estate, so not for gambling. We just needed a pleasant, comfortable hotel for one night and selected South Point based on TripAdvisor reviews.We paid a ridiculous $47 for a huge, lovely King sized room, it was very nicely furnished, not tacky at all and everything seemed brand-new, terrific bed and linens, flat screen tv, Bath and Bodyworks shampoo etc-which were great-and a wonderful bathroom with separate dressing /sink area. As other people have said , the parking is quite a way from the elevators and you either have to drag your baggage through the casino or pay for valet...come on if you can afford to gamble surely you can spring for valet parking plus tip!! We ate at the breakfast buffet which was fine nothing remarkable but a basic steam table buffet with terrific oatmeal and some good fruit selections and it was 2 for 1 with the book of coupons that are provided upon check-in. Check-in and out were both a breeze and the few staff that we came into contact with were pleasant and eager to help.We drove to the strip in about 6 minutes and parked for free at the Mirage-the parking guys suggested a quick route and also told us where to park for free...so they earned their tip!All in all a very good experience, not a 5 star property, but a very good 3-4 star.The only negative was the $25 for use of the gym.exercise room which seemed like daylight robbery it should be included in the rate.	
Jan 9 2009 	Fantastic Stay	Just back from the South Point and our stay was wonderful. The entire staff with whom we had contact were very helpful and always pleasant to deal with. If we needed anything, the response was swift and always in a very pleasant manner. The atmosphere throughout was very enjoyable and provided us with a very worthwhile stay. The hotel and casino are a nice break from the strip which looks more like a construction zone rather than a vacation destination. Access to and from the property is easy and convenient. This allowed us to visit many more of the Las Vegas places of entertainment, dining and attractions with out spending an hour trying to navigate the strip for an hour just to get in or out of our hotel. Free self parking is very conveniently located at the South Point. We had a rental car so we did not have to listen to the cadre of complainers who wanted the shuttle to run on &quot;THEIR&quot; schedule rather than one that best fits the majority of the patrons. This is our second stay at the South point and definately will not be our last. The casino is very well lit and not cramped together like many of the properties on the main part of the strip. We did not win a fortune but we also did not lose. The return on our gambling dollar was very reasonable and playing the various games was extremely enjoyable. Dining was enjoyable and reasonably priced. Everyone we talked to at the hotel and in the casino had nothing but praise for the facility and the staff. The South Point has been and continues to be our choice of places to stay and gamble in Las Vegas and trust me, we have stayed on the strip at Places like the MGM, Luxor etc... and this beats them all for our buck. If all you can do is complain, maybe you ought to rethink what your idea of a vacation is or go elswhere. For us, we will continue to stay at South Point.	
Jan 9 2009 	Its a long way to the Strip if you want to Rock n Roll	We stayed at the South Point Casino based on Trip Advisor reports and found it to be a very pleasant hotel next to the Freeway on the edge of the city .The Hotel was large with plenty of free parking ,it also had a very efficient valet check in service which we used as it was raining and cold !Check in was very quick and the check in clerk very helpful in telling us about the facilities and how to get to the strip which is another story .The rooms we had were on a non smoking floor and cost us $107.90 for 2 nights INCLUDING 2 garden buffets ,free fitness center entry and 4 free cocktails . This is a promotion South Point Run and the offer code is BBFAVPKG.We had a super king bed in a spacious room that was all you would expect of a 3 to 4 star hotel . Had to say even tho i am not big at 190lbs the towels were tiny and made me think we had stumbled on a small persons bathroom !One thing about Vegas that bugs us is how people smoke in just about every space , even the elevator ! Jerks...The food was nothing to write home about and we only ate at the Garden Buffet once and went out to eat .Since South Point is out of Las Vegas you can either drive in or catch the Shuttle to the Mandalay Bay . It takes 15-20 minutes dependant on traffic and was a pain in the butt . We are going to Vegas in Jan 09 and will stay nearer to the Strip at the Hilton .Its a good value hotel that will appeal to those looking for value and larger rooms .	
Jan 7 2009 	Very Nice Hotel. I think my new favorite in Las Vegas	Large hotel casino about 10 minute drive south of the south end of the strip. They have a large parking garage or you may use valet. Check-in about 3pm was quick compared to others I have been to. It took about 10 minutes wait in line and about 5 minutes or less once to the desk. Reserved a high floor smoking king and that is what I got. Great view looking north across the city toward the strip. Upon entering room I was very impressed. Clean!! Large flat panel on the wall. Bed was very comfy with like 5 large pillows on the bed. Large clean bathroom stocked with Bath &amp; Body Works products. If you like to talk on the phone while in the bathroom you can do it here.Casino has many slots, table games, video poker, a sports book, race book for parimutual races. I found the buffet to be reasonably priced and quite tasty. Prime rib on Wednesday was $15. Included an Asian station, seafood, mexican, bbq, italian, salad bar, dessert bar. Service was friendly and attentive.Hotel has several other restaurants, bars, gift shop, business center, movie theatre, arcade for the kids. I ordered room service once and it came in about 30 minutes. A little pricey but very good. I played slots and had good luck on the penny machines. Hotel was built in 2005 and is in very good condition. Housekeeping took good care of me and kept me in towels, made the bed and left bath products.About 4 miles south of the strip but an easy, quick drive if you have a car. I found other guests to be friendly also. Not your &quot;strip&quot; crowd. They charged my CC a $100 incidental deposit with the unused funds returned as credited on the card 4 days after check-out.Loved it, almost luxurious. I will return.	
Jan 6 2009	Southern Terror	Don't be deceived : the South Point is not a classy hotel. Their non-smoking areas were poorly marked and very small, and complaints to the staff about such were literally mocked (&quot;This is Las Vegas&quot; -- oh, I didn't notice).The staff didn't know their way around their own casino, and the advertised free shuttle to the strip was magically 'discontinued' just before our stay. Definitely a casino with hotel-like pretences -- they didn't seem to care about their guests at all.	
Jan 6 2009 	A pleasant surprise for an off-strip hotel/casino.	A word of warning, I would not recommend this hotel for a first-timer in Vegas. The hotel is a 15 minute drive from Mandalay Bay, most southern of the bigger casinos on the Vegas Strip. If you have a car or would not mind riding the bus, I would recommend the hotel. I have stayed at a number of hotels in Vegas and I can claim that the South Point was excellent. The rooms were ample and even large for comparable ones in its price range. There was a flat panel TV in our room. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were excellent. The bathroom was clean.The buffet at the casino is nothing to get excited about, but was decent for the price. There are other restaurants in the casino, but we did not have a chance to eat there. The hotel also has amenities for children and minors. There is a bowling alley that seems to be open 24 hrs and an arcade. There is also a bingo hall (We do not play bingo, so I can not comment on this aspect). There is also a heated swimming pool and a movie theater.The only snag was that it took 30 minutes to check in. The front desk attendant claimed it was due to computers being down. I would not mind staying here again, although the commute to the center of the Vegas strip gets old after a while.	
Jan 3 2009 	Awful Service	Bad Garden Buffet service, terrible food, negative disabled services	
Jan 2 2009 	almost everything was amazing. . . .	We didn't really know what we were getting into because we booked our stay through Priceline, but after we arrived and settled in, we only had one complaint! Our room was spacious and clean (we had a problem with the toilet leaking, but the hotel took care of it very quickly)- casino has great variety (although SUPER SMOKY in certain areas)- wonderful food options (cafe is the BEST value. delicious food!!).There's also a huge bingo hall, pool, bowling, and a movie theatre!It's also supposed to be a spa, but after trying to get assistance over the phone- (no one ever answered) then going down to the spa desk to ask my questions and getting the RUDEST JERK EVER- I decided not to waste my time. (and that was a major disappointment, since the spa was one of the things I was most looking forward to!)Everything else was wonderful wonderful wonderful. I would stay there again in a heartbeat! (and I'll take the shuttle to another hotel's spa!! you snooze, you lose South Point!)	
Jan 1 2009 	Great place to stay! Beautiful hotel for the price that we paid!	We booked the room through Southpoint's hotel website.The hotel is off the strip about 5 miles, it's a great place if you have a rental car because for first time visitors it might be good for them to see the strip from time to time :)Anyway, we had an issue checking in because they gave us a room that WAS NOT CHECKED OUT at all, when we entered the room, the tv was on and there were 5 Xmas gifts wrapped up!! The hotel staff was very apologetic and gave us another room immediately. The room was a lot bigger than our previous stay in MGM Grand. The 42 inch flat screen is a nice touch. Hotel staff is very friendly.The only gripe we had is the housekeeping staff, my wife wanted to take a bath so we requested shower gel, unfortunately, they didn't bring that to us until AN HOUR LATER!!!	
Jan 1 2009 	Excellant value	Stayed there before and returned to find hotel as good as ever with very competitive rates ( ask for best rate) if I had to find fault I think that the food and service has declined in the Garden Buffet but still good value, I would never stay on the strip when you can use valet parking at any hotel for a couple of dollars.	
Dec 29 2008	Excellent Las Vegas Hotel	Just stayed at South Point over X-Mas with family..We booked a 2 bedroom luxury suite ..Room was gorgeous and clean..Each bedrooom had an unbelieveable shower and seperate large tub..My kids were happy, my wife was happy..Casino is nice , not as crowded as the casinos on the main part of the strip..We rented a car and it was a quick 15 minute drive to the main strip , so we got to enjoy all of Vegas but went back home to South Point..I highly recommend especially if you are travelling with family and kids..	
Dec 29 2008 	Great choice!	This hotel is on par with most of the hotels on the Strip, but like the name suggests it is south of the Strip. The hotel usually has a shuttle to the Strip but we were there during Christmas and apparently they cancel the shuttle during quiet times. The hotel is about 5 years old so it is still in really great shape. Our room was really nice, I actually got to see a room at the Belagio and the rooms where basically identical in size and decorated similarly, the only difference is the Bellagio's room has a bigger bathroom with a seperate shower and tub. There are many restaurants to choose from and the buffet is really decently priced $6.95/person for breakfast which we thought was really affordable, and I think about $9/person for lunch. I'll tell you that you won't find a $9 buffet for lunch at the Bellagio, it was more like $30/person. The casino tables are also more affordable at the South Point. We were able to play $5 min Blackjack and $1 min Roulette (I couldn't find those tables at any of the Strip casinos). All in all I would highly recommend this hotel, it's only about a 5-10 minute drive to the Strip and there is free parking at the Fashion Show Mall. If you want to rent a car, the Bell desk will arrange for a car rental agency to come pick-you up and drop you off and it's free parking at the hotel.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great Value!	South Point is off the Strip, but great for visiting relatives that live near Henderson,NV. Fairly new, large &amp; clean rooms &amp; casino. Hotel has movies, bowling, pool, etc...family friendly. Great price over Christmas! Locals use this hotel.	
Dec 26 2008 	Southpoint Hotel rip off scam	The hotel is quite nice,clean, smoky everywhere,good service at resturants and bars. I got ripped off with some sort of scam from the maid service and Hotel administration.I was there for my 50th birthday with my girlfriend and was accused of damaging the room, days after I left.They just charged a room damage charge of $75.00 to my credit card with no authourization or notification,no report,no pictures to back their allegation.Poor service at registration and hotel management.I spent minimun time in the room and I am not the type to damage a room. I left money for the maid service and within 3 minutes of walking out of the room, the money was gone after I came back to the room with another $10.00 that I was going to leave but didn't after that. Just as well as they ripped me off after I went home. They offered no help at the hotel administration to recover this allegation.Beware of their scam!!	
Dec 23 2008	Good hotel off the strip - right place at the right price	I recently stayed here while in Vegas for my son's basketball tournament. My wife &amp; I don't like staying on the strip because its too much of a zoo, so this seemed like a good alternative. The hotel is located about five miles south of the strip and has great acess from the freeway. Plus it has a large outside parking lot, so you don't have to valet park your car (in Vegas it can take a long time to get your car when its valet parked). The rooms are nice - they are good sized, very clean, newer furniture and ours had a large plasma TV, which was a plus. All in all, a very good hotel at a very reasonable rate.	
Dec 17 2008 	South Point Hotel and Casino	I've stayed here about five differnet times for business. It is fairy new and in a great location for a salesman. It is at the far south end of the strip and is easy to get around and avoid traffic. The rooms are great and the prices are very low compaired to others hotels that are similar. They ahve great places to eat within the hotel and friendly staff. The parking is fairly close to the hotel if you want to self park which makes it nice. Location is great for stores, gas, etc.. Stay here if you want a great hotel at a great low price.	
Dec 13 2008 	Exceeded our Expectations	My husband and I go to Vegas approximately 4 times per year, have stayed at The Venetian, Mirage, Mandalay Bay, MGM, Monte Carlo, TI, Harrah's, Bally's. Four of us stayed at South Point Sept 22-24, 2008, for a Convention and were pleasantly surprised with our accommodations and with the food served at the private dinner. South Point also had a free shuttle to and from Mandalay Bay, as well as a free shuttle to and from the airport. While it's not on the Strip, they did provide free transportation there. South Point also had a bowling alley and theater on the premises, in addition to their equestrian center. We will return to South Point again in September 2009 for our annual Convention and would recommend the property for same.	
Dec 11 2008	Magical birthday party event	My first stay at the Southpoint Hotel was in May, 2008 and I enjoyed every aspect. I coordinated a Special Birthday Event involving over 75 people and the Southpoint Hotel selection for lodging only could not have been better. I worked with the Sales &amp; Catering Department and found them to be professional and accommodating. This event took place Oct. 2-6, 2008 and every single guest who stayed at the Southpoint enjoyed the facility. Over the past 25 years my husband and I try to visit Las Vegas at least once or twice a year and would always stay on the Strip (in the block where Caesar's Palace is located) BUT FROM THIS POINT ON WE WILL MOST LIKELY STAY AT THE SOUTHPOINT. Since we always rent a car, we did not have the opportunity to use the Hotel Shuttle services, however, many of the guests did and they found it to be satisfactory, and did not register one complaint with me. I have dined at all of the restaurants, with the exception of one, and was pleased with the food. I must admit that the Oyster Bar at Harrah's is still better than Southpoint, however, that is just my personal opinion.My closing comments are: If you enjoy immaculate comfortable large rooms -stay at the Southpoint Hotel. If you enjoy delicious reasonably priced food- stay at the Southpoint Hotel. If you enjoy having the option of participating in recreational activities other than gambling, such as bowling, bingo, and going to a Movie Theater, stay at the Southpoint Hotel. If you like easy access to and from the hotel, stay at the Southpoint Hotel. *I definitely look forward to returning.	
Dec 11 2008 	South Point - OK	We just came back from a friend's 50th Birthday Party at the South Point, in Las Vegas.The Casino, Hotel, Spa, and Equestrian Center are nice.Two Positive CommentsFirst - rooms were simple, clean and spacious. We stayed in a regular king room. Worked fine for a Vegas Vacation.Second - the casino was good, although the venilation was sub-par, as cigarette smoke seemed to always be around you.Two negative comments.First - The food was just OK. Very dissapointed in the buffet and the cafe. We did eat one night the italian restaurant, and it was good. But the buffet reminded me of a low end - all inclusive mexican resort.Second - You are seven miles south of Mandalay Bay, so it is a $30 cab ride (each way) if you want to go to the strip for a show, etc. So if you are in Vegas for an extended time, you may get bored at the Point, or have some cab/car fares to deal with.Overall the service and property was good.	
Dec 10 2008 	A Real Vegas Deal	I've now stayed at South Point (SP) five times, and the place keeps growing on me. (I was last there in July '08, and I'll be there again at the end of December '08.) I've stayed at many of Vegas's storied Strip hotels, from the Venetian to THEHotel and most of the big places in between, but for most of my frequent visits to Sin City, SP has become my hotel of choice. Why? My reasons are pretty much the same as those of my fellow TA reviewers: SP's excellent rooms, very low prices, and high standards of comfort and cleanliness. True, the hotel is only 3 years old, but it still seems brand new, no mean feat given its huge size and, er, less than high-end clientele. If you want glitz, glamour, and high prices, dozens of Vegas hotels can meet those desires. If, however, you want a spacious, very comfortable room that's quiet, relaxing, and well equipped, surf the web for SP's best room rates. (Hint: they're not usually found on the hotel's own web site, although SP promises to match any bonafide rate you find elsewhere; I had them make good on that promise once, and SP matched the rate I found on Expedia.) I've never paid more than $50 a night. At that rate, SP is a true Vegas bargain.A bit more on the rooms: at a minimum, you'll get a large room with a king or queen bed, a huge (42&quot;) plasma TV, and a great bathroom with the best amenities I've encountered in a Vegas hotel: Bath &amp; Body Works Coconut and Lime products -- they smell good enough to eat! The higher-floor rooms have great views over Vegas, the mountains, and/or the desert; SP's cottoned to the appeal of the higher-floor rooms and recently introduced a three-tier price scheme for its basic (&quot;Deluxe&quot;) rooms, charging more for &quot;mid&quot; and &quot;higher&quot; floors. Again, I recommend booking via a website other than the hotel's and then making your room request once you arrive; I've had good results doing so.SP's location is also, at least for me, a strong point. It's a few miles south of -- but only a few minutes by car via either LV Boulevard or I-15 from -- the Strip, and it's very easy to access and park at the hotel, something you can't say for most of the Strip properties. Unlike most huge Vegas hotels, SP has no discernible theme: it's bland, but in a pleasant, welcoming way; and I find the decor a welcome relief after dining and gambling at the sequined palaces on the Strip. SP's casino is airy and bright, and while it has as many smokers as any other big casino in Vegas, it seems less smoky. Even when crowded, there always seems to be enough space between you and all of the other gamblers and blinking machines.In short, SP deserves its hundreds of rave reviews and high ranking on TA. Give it a try, and I bet you'll appreciate your time on the Strip more by staying at South Point.	
Dec 1 2008 	loved it	Ok, so this is my second review now. We first stayed at Buffalo Bills in Primm. It was our first trip to las Vegas and we wanted to see it all. I would recommend doing it this way if you've never been it gives the opportunity to see the adjacent hotels and you don't feel like you're going too far from your hotel.Ok, now for the review. We arrived 3 hours early with the intention of gambling for a bit and then checking in. When we got to the desk checking in that early was NO problem. The counter staff was very nice and helpful. Make sure when you check in you get the coupon book for the hotel there are some great values in it. I think we used almost every coupon in the 3 days we stayed there, everything from buffet coupons, to bowling coupons. When we got up to the room we were amazed at the size and cleanliness of the room. We had a non smoking room, and to our surprise it didn't smell of smoke like the rest seem to. We had everything we needed in the room, a nice TV, a nice shower, and really nice beds. The view was not all that great as we were able to look at the building right beside, and nothing else but who goes to look out the window right? The pool and hot tub are just beautiful. Unfortunately they close at 5 pm so if you want to go for a swim make sure it's early. There were always clean towels out there, and I even felt safe leaving my stuff on a chair when I went to swim. The Casino is quite large and offered a nice variety of games. The service was really fast in the casino as well. Your drink was still cold when they got it to you. The gambling was good as well, some win some lose, I won I'm not saying millions, but I won enough to keep me in the casino and having a good time.The food choices are good, we ate the buffet which was probably the best we had all week in Vegas as far as selection and quality goes. We also ate at the deli, with a coupon from check in. Upon looking at the menu, it seems over priced but it's really not, the portions are just huge. We also did the bowling which was a lot of fun. With the coupon from check in 2 of us bowled 3 games for 13 dollars including shoe rental. This casino was the nicest we stayed at all week, the price was right and I'm already booking it for my return next year. But I will be staying there all week instead of bouncing around.	
Dec 1 2008 	Ideal location for more than just gambling	Apart from providing everything you need to earn or loose your money in true Las Vegas style, the hotel provides at the same time affordable and excellent restaurants, a pleasant outdoor swimming pool, and fast, friendly and efficient service. I stayed with my wife for two nights in October 2008 and, for us it was a real bargain. We chose this hotel because we wished to visit not only the strip and the city, but also the Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, the Valley of Fire and other sights in the vicinity of the city.	
Nov 29 2008 	Luxury for every wallet	All my previous stays in Vegas i stayed in resorts on the strip but this time i wanted to try a off strip resort.It was my best visit to Vegas ever. I got a hold of a 49$ rate per night through the hotel website.After a day of gambling and siteseeing it was nice to crash in a very spacious en luxurious hotelroom.Make sure you get room on 1 of the higher floors though.At first they put us in a room on the 6th floor but we ended up facing the wall of the parkinggarage.Within 10 minutes we were booked to a new room after i complained about my view from my room.Checkin was very rapid and the breakfast buffet was very good considering the price charged for it ( 6,99 $ ).Look no further if you want to have a enjoyable stay at a offstrip resort.	
Nov 25 2008 	South Point - Great Value Off-Strip Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the South Point in August 08 for one week. We knew when booking that the South Point was a 15 minute drive south of the Strip and thought we would be fine taking the shuttle provided from the hotel. Unfortunately, we hadn't bargained on the temperature being 113 degrees in the shade and found hiring an air-conditioned car was far more suitable for us! We were able to visit all the hotels, casinos and malls on the Strip and parking was free in the self-park garages available at all the Strip hotels.The South Point was a great hotel and easy to navigate, despite its size. The rooms were very clean, spacious and well equiped. We did especially like the complimentary Bath &amp; Body Works toiletries, which we are now trying to purchase in the UK! There were plenty of eateries in the hotel, the Deli was great value and the food really good. There are a host of amenities at this hotel - pool, cinema, bowling alleys but we didn't use any of these as we just wanted a base for exploring Vegas. In all, we had a great time at the South Point and would definitely use it again when we return to Las Vegas.	
Nov 24 2008 	Loved this place	After reading a ton of reviews about this hotel we decided to give it a try. I was somewhat apprehensive about staying so far from the strip but seeing it was a straight shot up las Vegas Blvd I decided to give it a shot. The check in was no problem, the clerk was nice and very efficient,had the room key in my hand in less then five minutes. The room to my surprise was everything and more as discussed on this forum, large but with no view but I didn't come to Vegas to look out the window. The whole experience from room to food to the casino was top notch and well worth the small amount we paid for the room, I would recommend a stay for anyone who doesn't mind the short drive or catching the hotel bus to the strip. I think you may enjoy the stay as much as we did !	
Nov 24 2008 	Good with Some Issues	We stayed at South Point Hotel in September 2008. Our visit was nice and comfortable but there were some issues with the hotel, mainly with customer service.Hotel: The hotel is family friendly and nice looking, but don’t expect the extravagant look of other Vegas hotels. It is new and absolutely okay-looking, but the décor is plain. The reason we chose it was the children’s entertainment. They have a movie theatre, bowling and arcade. The arcade was lots of fun for the kids, but we never got to bowl – the wait on a Saturday night was about 90 minutes. The casino, pool and gift shop were good.Rooms: The rooms were clean and comfortable, and to our surprise, very spacious. That was good because the kids didn’t feel too crowded. I agree with another reviewer – the towels were too small/thin, but the sheets were especially soft and luxurious. However, the furniture and décor were very plain and simple. We didn’t care because we traveled with friends and were more interested in the company than in a fancy look.Restaurants: The first night we ate at Coronado Café. It was a disaster. Out of 11 entrees, only one was edible. Most of us didn’t touch the food, which was cold and tasteless. The dishes didn’t arrive together, the service was extremely slow and sloppy, and the waiters hardly understood English. They even forgot some of the items we ordered, which wasn’t a big loss anyway. Prices were cheap, but what good is it if you can’t eat your food? Don’t waste your time there. In the morning we ate at Garden Buffet. That was a much better experience than the night before. For breakfast, it’s completely okay, and not expensive. The selection was rich and food was good+. They have different sections (Mexican, Italian, American, Asian, etc.), and everybody can find something to eat - absolutely recommended for breakfast. Service was better than at the café. Then at night we ate at Primarily Prime Rib. It was nice. The only problem was that they couldn’t accommodate such large group as ours (24 people), so we had to sit in two separate tables, but it was worth it. Although we experienced better food at other fine dining restaurants, this one had absolutely great food for the prices. The portions were big and the wine was good, the selection was average, and the food was good++, but not extraordinary or unique. However, no one was disappointed. The service was wonderful and extra quick, and the waiters were super nice. When my husband asked for jalapeno, which they didn’t have, they ran to the restaurant next door to get him some. If you don’t want to leave the hotel or spend big bucks at the other hotels, Prime Rib is totally acceptable for a nice dinner. Customer service:This is where the hotel needs the most improvement. Because of the size of our party, we had to make multiple phone calls/reservations. Every representative gave us different information about everything, and some were very unprofessional on the phone. They made an error and gave someone in our group the key to someone else’s room. That was outrageous. Luckily, it was people who knew each other, but I’ve never heard of an error like this – a stranger getting the key to your room! When the guests who originally had the room tried to get in, their key was deactivated so they were locked out. It took the front desk a long time to figure out the error and fix it, and they barely apologized for the mistake. We had to go to higher management for that. They should really train their staff better. To summarize, the hotel is nice and we recommend it, especially if you travel with kids, but keep your expectations on the low side and avoid Coronado Café. For the hotel's low rates - it's worth it.	
Nov 20 2008	Would love to return to the South Point	I stayed at the South Point from Oct 5 through 9, 2008. Could not believe how large the room was for the price paid. Watch for Internet special rates even after you book. As long as you booked online through the hotel's site, they'll honor any special offers that are posted for your time frame. The buffet was wonderful for both breakfast and dinner, especially with the coupon for a free bottle of wine (full size). I booked a facial at the spa with another friend and we spent hours there just enjoying the pools and showers after we were done. The staff at the spa in particular were extremely helpful whenever we asked for something extra. We had a group of 20 for dinner at Don Vito's restaurant. We weren't happy with the seating arrangement and the hostess totally redid a section of the restaurant so that we could all sit together. The food there was first rate. I used the shuttle to go to the airport on departure - left on time and smooth ride to the airport. The only drawback for some might be the distance from the strip - I'd say 15 minutes by car - but I've stayed on the strip before and didn't feel the need to be so close this time. We went up two nights to the strip, once by private bus for our group of 20, another night by cab. Overall, I couldn't have been more pleased.	
Nov 19 2008	Gone to the Dogs	The title refers to the fact that a huge convention of folks with herding dogs was taking place at the equestrian center, and not to the South Point Hotel and Casino Resort. This show was very interesting and shown on the big screen tv in the rooms, but even better to visit in person. We really enjoyed our spacious room, easy parking (we did not use the valet parking this trip) and were able to quickly check in, and used our express checkout on the wireless. The room was very quiet, staff responsive, and we found this to be a quick on and off from the freeway. A huge top scale outlet mall is nearby, and we were able to shuttle to the strip area when we did not want to drive. We were networking with folks from the University of Wyoming football team, which also appeared to enjoying their stay at the South Point, despite their losing game. We would definitely come back to this property. We did find a great room rate ($52.50 plus tax) by shopping around and would advise this. The food was good, and the only thing we found missing was a doorperson at the front.Two Oregon Travelers	
Nov 17 2008 	Pleasent Stay Laid Back Great Staff	We stayed for 3 nights at the end of February, beginning of November. The following are our observations and comments.Arrival:Shuttle was at LAS at the appointed time of 1:30pm. Our flt arrived early so we had to wait a bit, but nothing major. (will comment more on the shuttle(s) at the end of this review.)Check-in: Fast, courteous and extremely friendly. We were given a hotel map, coupon book, by a very personable woman. She gave us the feeling that she was really glad we chose South Point. (Unfortunately her name slips our minds)Room:Clean, spacious, nice view of the pool. The beds and linens were comfy. The bathroom was great, as the sink, mirror etc were separate from the toiler and bath/shower. The rooms were spotless every day. We were so impressed, we tracked down our housekeeper, and thanked her, and gave her a little extra spending money.Casino:Had most of the usual slots/games/tables as the other bigger casinos, but it was great not to have to walk too far to anything. We enjoyed ourselves, especially since we took &quot;their&quot; money home with us...woohoo. (and the cocktail waitresses are frequent)Buffets/Restaurants:We had no problem in choices of something to eat. If we found something in the buffet that was not to our liking, we simply tried another item. The deli makes a killler Pastrami sandwich, big enough for two. Also, the 75 cent hotdogs on Sunday football was a nice treat, with a cold beer. No complaints in the food department.Bowling Alley/Theatres:We had a look, but did not use. We both thought it would have been nice to have something like this when our kids were younger, so that they could cut loose on their own for a while. There were alot of kids there, but they were having a good time.Pool Area:We lay outside for a couple of hours, as the weather was nice. The pool area is nicely laid out, and the big whirlpool jetted spa was really relaxing.A couple of comments:1. Alot has been mentioned in the reviews about the Shuttle service. We reserved the &quot;Airport&quot; shuttle 24 hours in advance for our pick-up. No problems. The same again for the return to the airport. This shuttle drops/pick-up in the main entrance to the hotel.The &quot;Mandalay Bay&quot; shuttle runs approximately on the hour from South Point. This shuttle leaves from the north side of the casino. Depending on traffic, it was no real problem. (note: according to the Mandalay Bay shuttle driver, this service will end December 14th.)We feel that the hotel should keep it, as its a nice selling point to be able to hop aboard and then catch the tram to the Excalibur. There are taxis, but they are gonna cost you about $45 return.2. Smokey Casino. Much more than the casino at the Mandalay Bay. We attributed this to the casino being packed both Saturday and Sunday night. Maybe their system cannot keep up, but if you are a non-smoker you will notice.3.Internet is not free. It will cost you approx $12 for 24 hours, but we looked around at a couple of other hotels and this seems to be the norm. Again it would be a nice selling point, if they didn't charge or gave you an hour free a day, or something like that.Overall we had a good time. We both agreed that the staff at this hotel was one of the more accomodating and friendly that we have dealt with in sometime. Another trip down the pipe...Later from Ladner	
Nov 12 2008 	Pleasant stay a few annoyances	We stayed at South Point with our two children, ages 8 and 11. We were on the whole pleased with our experience. Valet parking was quick and prompt for both drop off and pick up. Check in was fast. Our room was large and very comfortable for the four of us. The bathroom was large with a separate room for the toilet and shower/tub. A nice plus when travelling with family.The pool area is large and well laid out. The buffet restaurant was fine enough. Not spectacular, but still okay.We enjoyed the bowling as we never did this as a family beforehand though it was quite pricey. I did enjoy the casino experience as well.The down sides:1) I was very surprised that any extra guests above the first two in a room, over the age of 5 , are charged as additional &quot;adult&quot; guests. I have never experienced this low a cut off in age and I have stayed at Westins, Ritz Carltons, Fairmonts etc. 2) My children were charged the full adult fare at the buffets. How much can my 8 and 11 year olds eat? 3) There is an extra fee to use the gym. I understand that the hotel wants everyone at the tables rather than the gym but still.4) Internet charges. I cannot recall but was around $12 / day. I know this is often the norm but still annoying.I would stay here again but would prefer if management did not nickel dime families. I could only surmise that management is not very interested in families staying here.	
Nov 4 2008 	Totally satisfied customer	We spent one week at the South Point from October 27 to november 3rd. It was great. The room is big and very spacious, so is the bathroom. The in-room safe is very useful since we came down from Canada and had a lot of money and our passport to put away. Check in took about 5 minutes, the staff was friendly and helpful when we needed something. We ate at the Silverado Steakhouse, the buffet, Don Vito's, the Coronado Cafe and the Del Mar deli. The food was very good everywhere. The pool area was nice and the bingo room was fun, even if the games were a little bit boring. The shuttle from the airport is a very good thing, so was the shuttle that bring us to the strip. We never waited more then 10 minutes for the shuttle. The poker room is tiny but it's really fun and relax to play there. They give a coupon book when you check in, use it, you'll save some money!! We recommend this hotel to everyone, it's a great and quiet place to stay and we won't hesitate to come back here!!	
Nov 4 2008 	Overall Fine "Value Strip-Style" Las Vegas Resort/Hotel/Casino/Spa	I stayed at this Hotel/Resort/Casino for 4 nights as part of a business trip along with a number of my colleagues. Overall the stay was fine, and the impression I got was that the South Point was attempting to be a &quot;value&quot; resort like the ones on the strip, but for a much lower room rate, and slightly lower ameneties. Here are some specifics I noticed.Positives:• Very reasonable rates for a LV Strip style mega-casino/hotel. My room averaged $100/night over 4 nights.• Like the Strip hotels, there are many entertainment and dining options on-site, and of course a full casino. All three, however, are slightly limited compared to the on-the-Strip mega-hotels. There are bowling lanes and a full movie theater, a live entertainment theater and an equestrian/rodeo/dirt bike venue in the building.Negatives:• The South Point aims to compete with the Strip mega-hotels, but their décor and style are a little bland (which could be refreshing in Vegas). They have no theme, and while everything is clean and modern enough, it lack character, which is what Vegas is famous for.• The South Point is not on the Las Vegas Strip, and is actually further than it seems to be. A free shuttle is provided from the South Point to the Strip and to the Airport, but it is not as convenient as it should be to encourage more people to stay at this fine hotel otherwise. The shuttles to the Strip actually only run to the Mandalay Bay resort, the southernmost point on the Strip, from where transportation needs to be arranged to any other point on the Strip. The shuttles do not run very frequently (about once every 25 minutes, I think), and the last one back to the hotel is at 1am – which is not particularly late for Las Vegas. I would suggest that they run multiple shuttles at the same time, and stop at 3 locations on the Strip or so, and keep running until about 3am – at least on Friday and Saturday. The free airport shuttle requires reservations beforehand, and also runs infrequently. (Also note that this shuttle does not leave from the “Shuttle Stand”, which I found out is only for the Strip Shuttle, after I almost missed the airport shuttle, which leaves from the front of the hotel.)• I did not see a prominent concierge desk at this hotel as I have at other LV hotels. Perhaps I missed it, or the front desk can provide similar services, but considering how busy the front desk is, a dedicated concierge is a necessity in Las Vegas, where so many people need assistance with reservations, activities, and transportation (especially being far from the action).• Exorbitant rates for internet access. I believe it was roughly $12 per day. I was traveling on business and needed access to my email, so I signed up regardless. My company paid, but I felt like I was robbed. I went to the Business Center to see if I could use their printer to print out my boarding pass, and found that I had to pay for a minimum of 1 hour of computer time, plus some amount for each page printed. Unfortunately, I think this is common to many of the hotels on/near the LV Strip – it was at the hotel I stayed on the Strip last year. • While I am sure that watching TV is not a common pastime in Vegas, I find it puzzling that the South Point TV does not offer even all of the basic cable channels, let alone HBO, Showtime, etc. Most people won’t care about the TV, I guess, but if it is to be a premiere hotel, they should at least try to match the Red Roof Inn’s selection.	
Nov 3 2008 	hidden gem	we stayed at the southpoint 10-14 thru 10-21 2008 This is our 4th stay at the southpoint and its always been a wonderful experience as always maid service was excellent and check in at 4:00 pm was a breeze and desk staff was very helpful we booked 4 night with a special deal 107.00 for 2 nights with 4 drinks and 2 free buffets the other 3 nights were comp'd and we didn't playt that much before you check out talk to a slot host they are a pleasure to deal with, also ate at don vito's everything was excellent and the breakfast buffet is very good for the money we do rent a car so we never used the shuttle the hotel provides to the strip but hear a lot of people bragging about it also slot machine were not bad but seemed a little tighter than last time we were there i usually play 1.00 slots and a lot of them have been replaced with penny ones and nickle ones thatwas my only complaint if you want a CLEAN AND FRIENDLY place to stay in vegas try this	
Oct 28 2008	Great property! Awesome staff.	We only had a one night stay, but i am looking forward to going back for a weekend. This place is a bit out of the way, but all you need is right there... Rooms are clean and quiet, with flat screen TVs and plenty of room.	
Oct 28 2008 	A wonderful option	We stayed at Caesar's for a conference for 3 days, then took off for the national parks. We needed a night at the end of our trip before flying home, and booked the South Point based on the reviews and the phenomenal rate (around $60 on a Monday night). The room was beautiful, the bathroom extraordinary. Everything was clean and comfortable. The restaurants in the hotel were very good values and very pleasant. And it was so nice not to be in the heart of the strip - there was just nothing there of interest to us, as we didn't gamble and felt that it was all overpriced. If you have to go to Vegas, the South Point is great.	
Oct 28 2008	Great Place	Just returned from a car auction in Las Vegas. It was held at a different site but we stayed at South Point. Having a shuttle that would drop us off at the auction site was what attracted me to South Point in the first place. I wasn't sure if I made the right decision when I booked the trip but I am soooo glad we gave this place a try. Beautiful rooms, wonderful food, loose slots. The people bent over backwards to make sure we had everything we could ask for. I will be back!!!	
Oct 23 2008 	Liked the South Point	I was here for a conference this past week. I really liked the South Point Hotel overall. The shuttle service was great, rendering car rental unnecessary unless you planned to do sightseeing off the Strip. The only thing that keeps me from giving the hotel an excellent rating would be the restaurants. My husband and I didn't go to all of them--just the Garden Buffet, the Coronado Cafe, the Del Mar Deli and Baja Miguel's. The Garden Buffet was pretty good. The Coronado was so-so. The Del Mar was pretty tasty--I had a really good cheesesteak sandwich there, but Baja Miguel was yuck. The chicken in my husband's and my dinners were obviously processed given their squared edges and 90-degree angles. We didn't eat our meals, and the waiter only smiled and said &quot;okay&quot; when we said we didn't care for our food. Lousy customer service. No &quot;can I get you something else?&quot; or credit offered.	
Oct 22 2008 	OMG Excellent !!!	My 1st trip to Las Vegas and this Hotel will be describe with just one word... Excellent!!! JB from PR	
Oct 21 2008 	Very pleased will return	The reviews are basically right on for the South Point. I stayed 4 nights for a larger conference and enjoyed my stay. It was my first time staying off-strip and I will not hesitate to stay at the South Point again. Everything is priced better From $1 roulette minimums to drinks that are not going to set you back $8-$10 a pop. The coupon books they hand out upon check-in saved me at least $25 over the course of my stay.When not doing conference related activities, I enjoyed the bowling alley, sports book and gaming. Didn't have time to lay out by the pool, but from the looks of it, I would have gotten some nice relaxation if I had the time.At check-in, I asked for a room on a high floor and was given a room on the 24th floor (in the new wing) facing the strip. The room is large by any standard, with a spacious bathroom to match. I never seemed to wait more than 10 seconds for an elevator.Overall, I thought the food was good (both the buffet and the food served at the conference), but for a special night out something on the strip is still the best bet.As for the drawbacks, it is quite a bit off the strip as everyone has stated and I did hear some complaints about the shuttle. I rented a car and had no problem getting around. Parking is free almost everywhere on the Strip so no worries about parking there.And the smoke, it doesn't seem as the filtration system on the casino level is as good as other. But overall, just minor irritants.	
Oct 20 2008 	Loved South Point	Just got back from a weekend spent with some freinds at the South Point Resort and we loved it. This was the first time staying here. Check in was quick and easy and the staff friendly. I asked for a high room with a good view and was given a beautiful room with an amazing view in the new wing on the 20th floor facing the strip. The room was spotless and very well appointed. The bathroom was large and everything was decorated very nicely. I liked that the hallways were well lit and they have security officers at night checking for room keys before you can get on the elevators.The casino did seem a little smokier than normal but I think that is because there seemed to be a huge number of smokers compared to other casinos we visited. Very rarely could I sit at a machine without someone next to me lighting up. I didn't have this problem at the other casinos. I guess we just visited on a weekend with lots of smokers (I don't smoke, so I am very sensitive to it).The casino had a huge number of very fun penny slots. I like the penny slots because you can bet from 1 cent to $2.10 depending on your whim. I actually won some money this trip and there was a huge variety of machines to play on. The casino had a very fun vibe and everyone seemed to be relaxed and having a good time. The tables games were always pretty full and we were having fun with the slots so we didn't partake. We did play bingo in a really nice bingo hall and had a good time. We didn't visit the pool, bowling alley, or theatre, so I can't comment.We ate at Baja Miguels, which I didn't like the food at all, but my husband did. We ate at the buffet once and the coffee shop once. The food and service at both was good. My husband hung out at the casino bar while my girlfriend and I gambled and he had a great time with the bartenders who he said were very friendly and personable. He said one bartender even took the time to teach a patron how to play the video poker machine. Most of the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful except for one cashier in the gift shop who was extremely surly, but she was the one bad apple and everyone else was great.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Las Vegas. It is not as hectic as hotels on the strip and if you want to go there it was only a 10 minute drive. The rooms are very nice and spacious, the staff friendly, and the casino was great. We loved it.	
Oct 20 2008 	Very Good!	This is the third time I have stayed in this hotel and I think this is one of the best. It is far from the strip but it is no problem for me as I always have a rental car. Just like all the others, there is always that cigarette smell as you pass through the casino floor on your way to your room but you can ask for a non-smoking room. Its new wing has just been completed and I was lucky to get a brand new room without asking for it.	
Oct 17 2008 	Excellent Value for Money	My wife and I originally intended to stay only one night at Southpoint as a stopover before heading to Death Valley National Park. But we changed our plans and decided to spend one more day in Vegas to recuperate from our long road trip. The hotel had a great 3D2N &quot;South Point Favourite Package&quot; which came with free cocktails and buffets. Upon request, the receptionist immediately changed our original booking, no questions asked. How's that for service and sense of welcome!Unlike the other hotels on the Strip, Southpoint was much better laid out, and the whole place seemed to be more spacious. I very much liked the decor, and the yellow/orangey lighting made the place brighter and more cheerful compared to the &quot;ever nightime&quot; feeling I got in the other Strip hotels. The room itself was superbly maintained. I wouldn't have thought that I'd got this room for the money that I'd paid.As for the casino itself, the games were pretty much standard, though I find the variety quite limited, albeit from an Asian perspective. Would prefer more dice games.The multi-storey car park was well within reach of the main building and lift lobby to the rooms, and there was plenty of parking space.Unless you are here to soak in the Strip atmosphere, the Southpoint is an oasis from the hustle and bustle of activities. It is a good place to relax by the pool, enjoy a few rounds at the tables, before taking up the option of hitting the Strip at night, an easy 10min drive northwards along Las Vegas Boulevard. And you get to go past the &quot;Fabulous Las Vegas&quot; sign. =)Southpoint is indeed an extremely good bargain and value for money for Las Vegas. Highly recommended!And to all the multi-national staff at Southpoint, keep up the good work!	
Oct 15 2008 	Excellent Customer Relations	My wife and I wanted to be fairly close to the airport and car rental facility for a morning flight home so booked the South Point for one night. Unfortunately, I made the mistake of booking our room through an on-line agency called the National Reservation Bureau Inc. and paid in full in advance. Upon check-in at the hotel, I was politely told that this company has gone out of business and has not paid the hotel for our stay. Even though this mishap was not the hotel’s fault, we were given an unbelievably low rate for our stay which we thought was first-class. As other reviewers have noted, the rooms are spacious and well-appointed. We plan to stay here again and commend hotel management for excellent customer relations.	
Oct 15 2008 	Will Stay Again	Was looking for a hotel with good reviews, good price and clean up to date rooms as well as a full service hotel. Found all of that and more wtih Southpoint.Clean, modern rooms with great comfortable beds. Breakfast buffet at the hotel was great dinner so so. Full service casino as well. Location was not a problem we had a vehicle and hit the highway and was at the strip in a matter of minutes.Only thing I would have liked is a fridge in the room. But everything else was great. Huge bathroom/full length mirror/small sitting area and large room. Great stay !	
Oct 14 2008	Great Stay	Stayed over Indian Rodeo weekend, it was fantasic. The hotel was buzzing but no long lines anywhere.The rooms are beautiful, large, bathroom likewise.We ate in buffet, cafe &amp; the deli all of which were excellent and so cheap if you use the coupon book you get at check in.The atmosphere was brilliant.The price over the weekend was a bargain at $170 for two nights, great value.We had $25 free play for new members, I won $103 with the free play, cashed it in and paid the balance of the room, now thats what I call value!!	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Price!	I found the hotel had a lot to offer (bowling alley, movie theater, gift shop, etc.). The room was really big, with comfortable beds, a plasma tv and a really nice bathroom. The safe is really large. My husband loved the sports book, which played all the football games on sunday. I loved the Del Mar Deli, which had amazing bagel sandwiches for really cheap prices. A coupon book was given to us upon check-in, which had 2 for 1 buffet tickets, free desserts, free drinks, etc. The only draw back is the location. It's not close to anything, but we had a car to drive to the strip everyday, which was about 10 mins away. The price is amazing for this type of hotel and I would definately stay there again!	
Oct 12 2008 	Will definitely stay here again...	Having visited Las Vegas many times, staying at some of the best hotels on the Strip, we decided to give the South Point a try on this trip. To be honest we were a bit sceptical because the rates seemed too good to be true, but we needn't have worried in the slightest!! The hotel, staff, customer service, the food and the pool are all excellent. The rooms are larger and better equipped than some, much more expensive, that we've stayed in and the whole experience was second to none. Even the the panoramic view of the Strip from our room was the best we've ever had.We can't fault anything about our entire two week stay, the South Point will definitely be 'our' hotel in the future.	
Oct 11 2008	Great Hotel	What a Jewel!!! This hotel has friendly staff, wonderful rooms, fun casino and great food with even greater prices. The shuttle service to and from the airport and then to Mandelay Bay was no problem but in Dec. it will be replaced by Mass Transit. This is the first time that when we left Vegas we wished we were staying at least one more night. It is a great property and we can not see staying anywhere else when we come to Vegas and hope to return in Feb. for my birthday. We were celebrating our anniv. and what a wonderful place to have been as it was such a good time!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 9 2008 	Very pleasant stay at the South Point!	We had a very pleasant stay at the relatively new South Point Hotel last month. Room was excellent and very spacious, nicely decorated, great bed, huge TV screen on the wall and good A/C, not too loud. Nice full bath with granite details.Rooms were well-isolated, as wasn't the case in several other hotels we stayed at during our trip... Housekeeping was friendly and assisted promptly. Got coupons when checking in which, for example, could be used for a free drink at the bar or 2 breakfast buffets for the price of 1, i.e. US$ 7.50 total for 2 people! Breakfast buffet was excellent, service too.At night, we used the free shuttle to the Mandalay Bay, which didn't even take 10 minutes. After strolling down the Strip for a couple of hours, the shuttle took us back to the peaceful South Point Hotel where we had a good night in a great bed!Great quality-price ratio, highly recommended!	
Oct 5 2008 	Enjoyable stay	Just back from a week at South Point which turned out to be just as advertised-very enjoyable. If you've ever stayed at The Orleans, you will know what to expect, as it is very similar, and used to be part of the same group. I'd score it higher than The Orleans on having a very straightforward layout, and, in particular, a much less smoky casino. I'd perhaps score it lower on the buffet, which I could only describe as average. I sampled a few other of the food places and found them all to be of good quality at very reasonable prices. There is a free shuttle to the airport and also to The Mandalay Bay, on The Strip. They don't really advertise The Strip shuttle and you have to find the casino entrance by the parking garage for the pick up point, but it did run every 30 minutes and was only about a ten minute ride. The temperature was in the mid nineties so I really enjoyed relaxing by the pool every day. Nothing fancy but very pleasant, clean and well maintained. The room itself was great. Very comfortable king size bed, nice bathroom, very quiet but efficient air conditioning and perfectly cleaned by the room staff every day. 42&quot; TV on the wall was good for watching the Baseball Playoffs (shame it wasn't in HD though). The only downer on the room (5th floor) was that my &quot;view&quot; was the wall of another building, so perhaps you should mention that when you book, if you do want to see something/anything out the window. The casino was well laid out with a good selection of games. I stick to slots and video poker and ended up spending only half my budget. It's worth joining The Players Club as I got back over $120 by the end of my week. A few reviews have mentioned poor service, but I can honestly say that I had no problem at all with any of the staff. They all seemed friendly and efficient. In general the place appears to be well run. The first half of the week there were mostly middle aged and elderly visitors with some families and children. Later in the week there was a Native American rodeo event at the equestrian centre. As a Brit I found this most interesting as many of them wore Cowboy hats (not like in those old movies) and also spoke in their own languages. As far as I could see, everyone from whatever background got on very well together, and had a good time in the nice relaxed atmosphere in the casino.  It is true that South Point is a few miles south of the main Strip, so if you want to be in the middle of all the action, this is probably not the place for you. But if you are looking for good quality at a reasonable price I can thoroughly recommend this hotel/casino to you.	
Oct 5 2008 	Full points for South Point	If you would prefer peace and quiet, the South Point is excellent we stayed there on our first 2 nights in Vegas, and believe me after travelling for 12 hours peace and quiet is what we needed.We found the staff more than accommodating, friendly and pleasant.Rooms are very nice, all in all I would recommend the South Point to anyone wanting stylish, clean, comfortable accommodation.	
Oct 5 2008	South Point is a special place to stay	I loved this hotel! It is south of the Strip so it is easy to get in and out of the hotel property and not that much traffic. Our room was really nice, had a plasma TV screen. It was easy to find everything--some hotels you go in are so large you get overwhelmed. We ate at the deli and sandwich I had and soup were very good. They have specials there. Seattle's Best Coffee was great too. There is an exit to the freeway nearby so it makes it easy to get around. I felt the price was right and I definitely would stay there again. I have no complaints about this hotel. Oh, I got in early and still was allowed to check in early which was nice. Oh, upon check-in you get a coupon book which gives you some savings at restaurants at the hotel.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great Value for the Money	Just got back from 3 nights at the South Point Hotel. Found a great rate of $57/night on Expedia. Even though this property is not around the &quot;big hotels&quot; of the Strip, the rooms and services offered were equal if not better than some that are on The Strip. Parking is plentiful and easy to get to hotel from the parking lot. Check in is quick &amp; efficient --- all arrangements were in order. My room on the 9th floor did not have a great view, but otherwise it was great. Very roomy, clean, large flat screen, clean comfortable bed; free in- room safe; separate vanity area from the bath/toilet; room service. Definitely use the coupon book that is provided when you check in. It can really save you a few bucks! And make sure you sign up for their Slot Club card, &quot;The Club&quot;. You rack up points quickly and can cash it out for $$$. There's a good variety of sit down restaurants plus a quick service deli that has outrageous sandwiches and desserts. The ice cream parlor and Seattle's Best Coffee is a great pick me up too. It's a bit on the smoky side, so if you're sensitive to smoke, then this may be a concern. But otherwise this is a great property and I would definitely recommend it and stay again the next time I&quot;m in Vegas. I don't have any negative things to say about the shuttle service to Mandalay Bay. The longest I had to wait was 15-20 minutes. But it's worth it since if I were to take a cab, it would cost approx. $20 + tip (one way).	
Oct 4 2008	Great Place Off The Strip	Just came back from a 4 night enjoyable stay at the South Point.Airport shuttle picked me up at quarter after the hour (I think) at Bus Bay #17 on Lower Level.Check in was reasonably quick and front desk staff courteous.Room was spacious and comfortable. Big 42&quot; plasma TV a bonus for those who need to watch television while on holidays.Large pool in back. Great for swimming, not so great for quiet time as they seem to want to continuously play loud music all day.Large bowling alley (something like 64 lanes), great for kids.Multiplex theater, great for kids.Casino...REALLY SMOKEY!!!...not so great for kids or adults.Buffet...reasonably priced...good food. (If you want a truly great buffet experience, try the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. You can get a $5 off coupon there just by registering in their casino for a player's club card).Shuttle to the Mandalay Bay is great. Runs very frequently until 1:00 in the a.m. Off the shuttle, up the escalator, through the hotel, up the escalator and your at the Tram to Excalibur. There are 2 trams. The inside one stops at the Luxor before heading on to Excalibur, while the outside one goes direct. Once outside off of the tram, you are a short walk to New York, New York, MGM Grand, and a few blocks away from Planet Hollywood, Paris, Ballys, Bellagio and Caesars.For an adventure, hop on the Deuce (double decker bus) on the strip, and take it up to the Fremont area. You won't be disappointed (make sure you hang around in the evening for the Fremont street experience). The Deuce bus ride is $2 one way or $5 for an all day pass. It's a great A/C ride that'll give you a bit of a tour up the strip. Go upstairs on the bus...better view...less people.	
Oct 4 2008 	Disappointed	I booked my reservation through the hotel website and was given a special with a good rate with buffet(2), cocktail(4), and access to the fitness room. Upon arrival, the front desk personnel were very rude and didn't tell us anything about our buffet/cocktail/fitness. Didn't know our reservation was changed with a different rate until checkout. Showed them the receipt and the amount that was charged, but the supervisor at the front desk kept saying they didn't have that rate and refused. When she finally agreed then didn't honor the buffet/cocktail/fitness. Seem that their personnel doesn't know what rate is given on their own website and why was the rate changed without notification???? When questioned, there was a clinch in their internet. When the reservation is taken on their website - goes to the hotel reservation (that's when it got changed) for a deposit. WHY????? No answer given. Personnel there are very RUDE. I never plan to stay again. I have stayed at this location before and the front desk personnel is always RUDE.	
Oct 3 2008 	Not a great location but can't beat the price	Got a good rate theu expedia. We expected a nice room since the hotel is relatively new and was not disappointed. Our room was spacious and clean. The pool was cold even though the temperatures were so hot, luckily the kiddie pool was heated and my daughter is still short enough to enjoy the shallow water at the kiddie pool. the breakfast buffet was not that great. standard breakfast fare, but quality wasn't there. we used a 2 for 1 coupon so price wise it was reasonable. if we had to pay full price i would have been even more disappointed. we ate at the cafe one late night and the midnight to 6am specials were great. i had hash browns, toast, eggs and bacon for only $2.95. hubby had steak and eggs for $5.95. service wasn't too good but we didn't mind since we were in no rush. ordered root beer floats and while there was a lot of ice cream, not much root beer. ate at the deli one night, the food at the deli was good. large portions and reasonable prices. the casino is not that big, enjoyed playing bingo there. used to be a loyal plaza bingo fan but now i will be playing at south point. look forward to returning here again.	
Oct 1 2008 	Good stay away from the hustle 	We just came back from a 3 night stay with a group of 10 people. We chose this hotel for the value and because we were going to rent a couple of cars for the group it was not an issue that we were 5 miles south of the Strip. This ended up being a very good choice and not 1 in our group had a complaint. It was nice to get back to the hotel at 1 or 2 in the morning and find a quieter place to sit down and get a drink. The big hotels on the strip were packed at that time and also the drink prices were double if not more. The room we had was on the 5th floor with a view of a brick wall. Other than that, it was well appointed and roomy. We tried the buffet and the cafe for breakfast, we went to the cafe for one dinner and also to the prime rib restaurant one night. All three places were great food at a great price. The Deli was also a hit for the lunch or late night snack.The location of this hotel is a little far from the action, so unless you plan on renting a car, or cabbing it back into town, there is not much else in the area outher than the outlet mall. Cars are cheap to rent from the airport and parking is plentifull and free in every casino so it was no big deal to drive to the strip and park and walk to a few casinos then move to the next block whenever you pleased and walk some more.The pool area was large enough and not crowded at all when we were there. The movie theatres are large and the selection of movies was like any large city and the bowling lanes were busy but there was always something available. I did not check out the equestrian portion so I have no comment. The only disappointing amenity I can think of is that the gym cost $20 but who needs excercise when you are walking all day long. A tip for everyone....when you check in they give you a coupon book....use it. There is a 2 for 1 for the breakfast buffet, if you are there on the weekend use it on one of those days because it doubles in price to $14. There are many other discount coupons to use within the hotel property so if you plan on eating and drinking there they will come in handy.The whole group of us went to see &quot;O&quot; by cirque de soleil and it was awsome. The girls had tickets to Cher one night but she cancelled and the guys went one night to Criss Angel Beleive but it was horrible and there were dozens of people walking out of the show before it was over so stay away from that one.All in all a great place to stay while in Vegas as long as you don't have to be in the heart of the action all the time.	
Sep 30 2008 	Loved the South Point	Great place to stay off the strip. Nice rooms, quiet atmosphere. The shuttle from the airport and to the strip saved us from having to rent a car.	
Sep 30 2008 	Nice But Too Far Off Strip For My Liking	This is the first time when being in Las Vegas that I have stayed &quot;off Strip&quot; and with that said I'd much prefer to stay &quot;on Strip&quot;. The South Point hotel/casino was much nicer than I expected and the room was a pleasant surprise. I had requested a King Smoking but they only had Queen Smoking when I checked in. Since it was just myself in the room I didn't really care and had decided that if I didn't like the room that I'd check later on to see if a King Smoking had opened up. As it was the room was just fine and I didn't change. For a smoking room it didn't have that stale, old cigarette smell that most do. Air conditioner was awesome and got the room really nice and &quot;cold&quot;. The flat screen TV was huge and it was a nice touch that they had a coffee/tea machine in bathroom. Most Vegas hotels don't offer that any longer. And the best thing about the rooms is the in-room safe at no charge! I locked up all my valuables, dvd player and money each time I left the room and was able to do so with complete peace of mind. Absolutely the best feature of the room.The casino was very comfortable and I was estatic to see $1 minimum roulette!! It was a casino that I felt completely comfortable and safe on my own in. My only complaint is that the roulette dealers weren't very personable - would it hurt them to smile or crack a joke?? Needless to say I only leave a tip for the dealers if I have a pleasant experience and part of that experience is the attitude of the dealers. If it seems like it's a chore for them to have me at their table then it's a chore for me to leave them a little something something. Oh, and what's up with having beads hanging at the table, I assume to give to players to make them feel welcome, and not giving them out? I actually had someone who must work at the casino who was on their day off come up and play at the roulette table I was on and jokingly gave the pit boss a hard time about handing out some beads- then and only then- was I given some beads. Granted this seems like a stupid and petty complaint but it all adds to the fun &amp; atmosphere of the casino. Didn't eat at any of the resturants so I can't comment on them. The Seattle Coffee Company was wonderful in the morning and the people working there were always happy with smiles on their faces. A real treat when trying to face the morning- kudos to the Seattle Coffee Company baristas!Pool area was small but pleasant. The astroturf was hotter than the concrete so don't fool yourself thinking you can walk on the fake grass without sandles! I can only imagine how crowded it was during the summer and with the 800 hotel rooms being added that is only going to add to the crowding at the pool.Overall I have to say the hotel &amp; casino was very pleasant but without a rental car (which I did have) it would have been a real pain to wait on and take shuttles to and from the Strip and a real expense to take taxis. I'd definately stay here again IF there was no other option or if finances were tight but I'm a &quot;Strip&quot; kinda girl and would much rather be closer to the glitz and lights! I'd still recommend the South Point, can't go wrong if you get a nice low rate like I did.	
Sep 29 2008 	Don't let the price sway you...	The hotel was everything the pictures showed. It was very nice. That's the nicest thing I can say about the whole South Point experience. The staff was incredibly rude and unwilling to take any responsibility for the services they provide. The shuttles do not run on the hour, so you can find yourself sitting at the pick up or drop off points for more than 30 minutes. If you're expecting to catch the last shuttle back from the strip at midnight, BEWARE! You must make sure you're standing in the correct location at Mandalay Bay, because the staff at Mandalay isn't familiar with the Share Point shuttle pick up location. There is seating room only on the shuttle, so if you're not willing to shove your way through the crowd, you may have spent your time waiting for nothing. They WILL kick you off and with no apologies or other options whatsoever. We ended up taking cabs nearly every night due to some awful experience with the shuttle. As I said, the hotel takes no responsibility for any issues with the shuttle. The shuttle service is contracted out the Bel Trans, and even though South Point's name is ALL over the bus, they could care less how rude the service was. If you're planning on taking the shuttle to the airport, have a back up plan. Again, this shuttle does not run on the hour and according to the hotel, you need to make reservations for the shuttle to the airport. This was not something the hotel made us aware of upon checking in. The security in the hotel is extremely rude, and inconsistent. We were only allowed 2 room keys, even though there were 3 of us staying there. Well, security chooses to do their job when it's convenient for them and requests to see your room key before entering the elevator area. If you're without a room key, they will make you show proof that you're staying there. This only happened maybe 2 times during our entire stay so be prepared for inconsistency. The vending machines for sodas do not have sodas in them, so be prepared to spend upwards of $4.00 per soda. The food is mediocre, so your best bet is going someplace else.The hotel is FILLED with cigerette smoke, so if you're sensitive to this, stay somewhere is. Overall, it was not a good experience...Oh yea, and there was urine on our toilet upon arrival.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great rooms… but beware of the extras!	We spend 2 nights at the South Point in September 2008. Let’s start with the good stuff. The rate was about $75, which was quite a bit lower than the major hotels on the Strip (for the days we were there). The room that we had was very spacious and very modern. The AC worked well and was very quiet. The bathroom had a separate section for the toilet and shower and the room had a full size couch next to the king-sized bed. Another great thing that you will not find in the mega-hotels on the Strip is that you can park your car right in front of the main entrance. (There is also a parking garage but we never had to go there.)With respect to the location, the South Point advertises that they are 7 minutes from the Strip…. You will need in fact about 10 minutes to get to the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign at the beginning of the Strip but you must then budget another 10-15 minutes minimum to get your car parked in any one of the major mega-complex of the Strip. One way to shorten this a bit is take the truck road right after the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign. You will avoid all the traffic lights of the Strip. The South Point offers a shuttle to the Mandalay Bay resort but, again, this is the very first complex of the Strip and there will be a lot of walking to do if you intend to visit the other complexes further north.The disappointing points were as follows. On a nice Sunday afternoon with 108 degrees outside, the pool was closed for some “special event”….we were glad we were not traveling with kids… Also, beware of the extras. The WI-FI is $12.00 per day and the gym (which seemed quite nice) is a whoppy $15 per day (based on another experience, this is not uncommon in Las Vegas…)Finally, we had a booklet in the rooms with a set of coupons. The booklet included a 2 for 1 coupon for the breakfast buffet, which is pretty good (but definitely not as good as the buffets on the major hotels on the strip). Nevertheless, we had breakfast for 2 for a total of $6.95 + tx so it is difficult to complain.	
Sep 25 2008 	Nice place to relax off the strip	This was my second time to Vegas and first staying off the strip.Room was large clean and comfortablePool was clean and quiteFood a the buffet was alright, the other restaurants we tried were very good.The shuttle to the strip was convenient and usually on timewould stay here again if looking to relaxif looking to party another casino would be better	
Sep 25 2008 	Excellent Value but not without a few minor flaws...	I had heard positive things about South Point and decided to give it a try for a few nights. I had never really stayed off strip in Vegas, ( only the Orleans which is very close) but the rates were so low and the place looked nice so I gave it a shot. Lets start with the positives since they far outweight the negatives. The exterior of the hotel is very grand-- Much like any nice hotel on the strip. One postive thing we realized right away is that this hotel is not complicated in its layout, unlike many of the other big resorts that feel like mazes at times. The check-in counter is right near the entrance, and you enter right into the casino. The casino is nice and spacious, well lit, and has an airy and open feel about it. Finding our room was very simple, and not a long hike. Basically thats the way the entire hotel felt. Even though its a big place, everything feels nearby and easy to find. We got a mid-level room.. it was on the 17th floor and provided a good view of the pool and mountains. I would advise others to pay the extra 10$ or so a night and get a room with a good view. As far as the room itself, it was great! Huge and very well decorated. Probably the best room I have ever seen for that price. It had a very large bathroom with the always desired seperate vanity area. No complaints about the room whatsoever. One of the other biggest postives about the south point is their pool. Its not the grandest or most decadent in Vegas by any stretch, but its still very nice. And what made it even greater for me was the lack of crowds. Even on Satruday the pool was at most half full. You had your choice of chairs. And on Tuesday it almost felt like we had the pool to ourselves. South Point also has a great selection of restaruants. We tried about 3 or 4 of them.Now for a few negatives. For one, I thought the buffet was quite lousy. Even on Sunday morning. The selection was mediocre and the food did not taste fresh.Kind of a downer. Also they were playing loud music at 830am. Thats the last thing you want to hear while eating breakfast hungover in Vegas. The Black jack dealers were among the least friendly I have ever come across. One guy almost frightened me he seemed so angry. This is not a knock against the casino itself, just the people they seem to hire. The sportsbook was excellent, but VERY crowded on Sunday for football. Almost impossible to get a seat. And there were hundereds of them. And one more minor complaint is about the shuttle to strip. For some reason it only takes you to Mandalay Bay. Which is great if you are going there or right nearby, but most people end up going to the center strip. So you either had to pay another 10-15$ for cab to take you farther down, or walk the 20-30mins in the heat. We chose the taxi. I really think they should extend the shuttle to take people a little further up-- maybe to the Flamingo.All in all its a excellent value, and we had a great time. Like any place it has a few flaws, but for that price we both were very pleased with what we experienced at South Point.	
Sep 25 2008 	Vegastastic!!	I had visted Vegas previously and I must admit, I had my reservations about staying &quot;off The Strip&quot;. On arrival all those reservations quickly dissapeared. The South Point is absolutely superb. This hotel is enormous but luxuriuos. Yes, its quite a way off the Strip but the hotel provides modern air-conditioned courtesy buses that run throughout the day, up to half a dozen times an hour. You are never waiting for more than ten minutes for a bus to turn up and whip you down to the Madalay Bay. Pickups from the Strip run much later into the evening than other lesser-hotels situated Off-Strip. The South Point has just undergone a major extension and refurb and looks simply stunning against the backdrop of the Nevada desert. However, even though the work had not yet been finished when we visted eralier this year there was no noisy or dust. The only gripe I had was that the simming pool was closed and the hotel didn't offer any alternative or made provisions at a sister hotel. Everything else was WorldClass. The major advantage of Off-Strip are the sunrise and sunsets, simply spectacular and breathtaking. Price? Well value for money doesn't come into it. This is better than value for money! This is the cheapest luxury hotel I have ever had the fortune to stay in. Forget the Luxor or the MGM, when I'm coming back it will be the South Point everytime!!! :)	
Sep 24 2008 	Delightful place!	This was our first time at South Point and we were absolutely delighted! The staff was friendly and courteous. The casino is bright and clean and not smokey. Our room was large and clean and the beds were very comfortable. Housekeeping did a marvelous job of cleaning and maintaining the rooms. The rooms are quite large and have nice safes for valuables and coffee makers. We had one of the newer rooms and were very happy with it. We hope to stay there again in the future.	
Sep 24 2008 	Nice Hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed here for a week in September.We've been to Vegas before &amp; decided to stay off strip, so as to escape the crowds at the end of the day.Firstly, as others have said, it is a very large newish hotel. It is very clean, both in the rooms and the rest of the hotel.The room was large with a nice flatscreen TV.The shower was over the bath and was not the best for pressure.We ate at a few of the eateries. The buffet was average, the steakhouse and prime rib restaurant were good &amp; the deli was excellent.The swimming pool area was very nice, but the pool itself was freezing. Not just cold, but freezing! How they manage to keep it at such a low temperature when it's 100 degrees outside mystifies me.Drinks service in the casino was good and the staff were generally pleasant.We used the cinema, which was excellent and good value.We both used the spa and were very happy with it.We didn't drive, but used their shuttle frequently. We never waited more than about 10 minutes for it. That's pretty good.Would I stay there again? Well no, not without a car. It's just a bit too far from the main action. Using the shuttle was fine, but time consuming. Also shops were a long walk away.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great Value	We reserved two nights at this hotel for $45 per night. The hotel is a relatively new (at least it looks new) and clean hotel. The rooms were spacious, well appointed, and very clean. For $45, this is the best value that I have gotten for the money. This is a high 3-star or low 4-star hotel. All in all, we were very satisfied with our experience here and would return if the price is right.Here are some annoyances:1. The front desk was disorganized and unfriendly. We waited 25 minutes in line to check in.2. The hotel offers free shuttle to the strip. The shuttle is infrequent (every 30 minutes) and very unreliable (it doesn't stick to the schedule). It also fills up frequently and you have to wait until the next shuttle (30 minutes later). For $45, we justified use of taxis, which run $25 each way to the strip.	
Sep 22 2008 	Fantastic	Great place to stay, good clean room with large tv. Car hire is a must but they do supply a free courtesy bus to Mandalay Bay.Going on timeshare presentations was a good way to get a cheap holiday as you get free show tickets, buffet meals as well as money. Well worth sitting through the boring presentations!	
Sep 21 2008 	Nice with some issues	The hotel is beautiful. Room is large, nicely decorated. Very large window with views of the strip to the north. Bathroom was nice and very large. Room had a closet with safe, large flat panel tv mounted above the dresser. Now for the issues. The check in was fast yet I didn't think the girl was very outwardly friendly. I can live with that. The Friday seafood buffet was good but crowded. Line for a table moved fast enough yet the guy seated his friends before us and we were there before them. Waitress was good though. Food was typical Vegas buffet which was ok. Orlean's buffet is better. USE THE COUPONS IN THE BOOKLET THEY GIVE YOU AT CHECK IN.!!!!!The housekeeping did do a nice job WHEN they did it. We were there from Friday to Sunday and they never cleaned our room. Granted we slept in on Saturday but left leaving the sign to service the room. Came back 4 hours later and nothing. While napping they came to the door with a man saything he was assigned our room. We said we were here for 2 nights and they left. Front desk must have made a mistake. We left Saturday to go to a show around 5pm, still leaving the service the room sign out. Nothing happened.Word of warning though. Do NOT get out of your car in the night in Vegas unless you are in a hotel lot. My husband was assaulted by an angry hispanic motorist. He ended up going to ER with a broken nose. Police made no arrest seeing they did not witness it. This happened on the street corner outside of the hotel. Hotel security was excellent at coming to our aid though.This will be our LAST trip to Vegas thanks to that idiot. I booked through Expedia and got a Friday/Saturday stay for only $76 a night and this hotel far exceeds that price! It is a sweet deal!	
Sep 20 2008 	My Favorite Vegas Hotel	My first stay at the South Point was in May 2006, although it was called South Coast then. It was less than 6 months old with spacious rooms and a 42 inch plasma TV in the room. The casino floor is bright and inviting. Not overcrowded like those further up on the strip. The &quot;Gift shop&quot; has the best liquor prices around. Every year I have been going back at least once (I live in LA) and I still love the hotel. Sign up for the players club to get great deals sent to your e-mail address year round. I tell all my friends about this place. The only caveat I would tell anyone is that this is NOT the strip. And THAT's why I love it. If this is a first visit to Las Vegas, you might think it is a little too far away. I would always recommend getting a car too if you stay here, but having said that, you are close to the I-15 Freeway and can be to the strip or downtown in 10 - 20 minutes.I was here for a weekend in July and I just booked a room for my birthday weekend in October!	
Sep 19 2008 	great value that exceeds expectations	what a great place to stay in Vegas......large clean rooms, a great casino, a beautiful spa, even a multiplex cinema.......keep up the good work Southpoint.	
Sep 17 2008 	No Complaints!!!	Even though this hotel is about 10 min south of the strip, it was still a great location. My checking in process was fast and easy, and the staff member Takeo was helpful with answering all my questions. I was given a room on the 14th floor and I must say as soon as I walked in I was impressed. The room I booked was a basic king size non-smoking but my room looked like a mini suite. Spacious, clean, plasma TV I cannot complain. The bathroom was big and clean as well and they supplied lotions and shower gel from Bath &amp; Body Works. I had a good night sleep with my pillows, and bed. I cannot complain. The price for what I got was GREAT.	
Sep 17 2008 	Perfect for a cheap night in Vegas	I was going to be in Las Vegas for 8 hours overnight between flights and was simply looking for a cheap decent room for the night.South Point was $65 incl all taxes. Perfect. Booked from the hotel website.I didn't see much of the hotel. Arrived at 11:00pm and left on the 6:00am shuttle back to the airport. The room was huge and perfectly comfortable with large lcd TV and everything one would need. The Internet was $12 / 24 hours but I didn't use it. Used none of the hotel facilities except the free shuttle in the morning which was great.The only downside is that this hotel is 6 miles south of Mandalay Bay (ie the end of the strip) and the taxi fare there in the evening was $38 incl tip. However, having been on the shuttle i get the feeling that the taxi driver may have taken the long way round.If I have another layover I'd do it again. If I was wanting to do Las Vegas I'd stay on or nearer the strip.	
Sep 17 2008 	Value and fun south of the Strip	Excellent value, very clean, still glitzy although a few miles south of the main Vegas strip. Very similar to Orleans Casino - formerly their sister hotel, also reviewed - but a bit more sophisticated. Spacious room with excellent decor, all the amenities - hair dryer, phone in twelve-foot bathroom - and more interesting pool. Cons: Location is limiting without a car; local and 800 calls start at $1 each; Internet charges outrageous at $12 daily your PC or $11 hourly for their shared PC. This review is limited as only stayed for one day and used few facilities or food.	
Sep 17 2008 	Non-smoking room supposedly with 3 ashtrays and matches....	I've stayed here before and been happy overall. This time I checked in with no problems (around 11pm), went to my room, and that's when the problems started. The room smelled like cigarettes and I requested, and was confirmed for a non-smoking room. Then I saw the first ashtry and matches and called the front desk (about 1 minute after getting to the room) and asked the person at the other end if my room was non-smoking. She said in the computer it said it was. I asked her if that was true, then why were there no signs stating this in the hallway or in the room, and there were 3 ashtrays with fresh books of matches in several locations of the room. She said that the room I has was the only room left, it was supposedly non-smoking, and then offered to send house keeping to &quot;spray something&quot; if I wanted. I told her that it smelled bad enough without then having to breathe more chemicals,etc. and that I wouldn't be staying there ever again. She said &quot;fine&quot;. I won't be going back. The only reason I gave them 2 instead of 1 &quot;star&quot; is because I like their movie theater and steak house. I guess you get what you pay for. I paid $89 for one night in a smelly room.	
Sep 14 2008 	Wonderful Off-theStrip Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at SouthPoint to celebrate my birthday and it was great! I had stayed here before but couldn't remember too much but I will definitely return! Free easy parking was a huge plus. The shuttle was also great even though it only took you from the hotel to Mandalay Bay so if you wanted to go anywhere else, you had to walk or use the trams provided at some hotels. The pool scene was great because it wasn't too crowded and since the sun was beating down, even at 10am, it was very hot. The room was huge! Our king size bed only took up about half the room and then there was a little coffee table and a couch along with another table and chairs. The curtains, at least in our room, were blackout curtains which made sleeping in very easy. My only two complaints were that there is no fridge in the room so when you get leftovers at a restaurant, you have no where to keep them. Also, the bed didn't have a fitted sheet on the bottom, it was a regular sheet so at night, I toss and turned and the bottom sheet would always slide up. Other than that, it was a great stay and I will definitely return!	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Place to stay	Staied from 8/30/08 to 9/5/08 ; rooms are nice and large themaids do a good job of cleaning. Ate at the Buffet , coffee shopand the deli ,coffee shop prices a little on the high side. The sandwhiches in the deli and the soup were very good with reasonable prices the best deal was the hot dog cart 75 cents for aquarter pound Vienna hot dog. If you had a problem with a slot machine the slot personal had it fixed right away. At night Security checks for room keys before you can get to the elevators With South Point being 5 miles from THE STRIP it is best to rent a car , access to I 15 is right behind South Point making travel to any part of Las Vegas easy the price S.P.charges for the Internet could be lower	
Sep 9 2008 	Good Deal	Only stayed there one night to catch Ralphie May in concert, very nice place , large rooms , very clean and no issues with noise. Casino layed out very well. Craps Tables $5 , most BJ tables $5. Wife easly earned enough points on slots for a couple of free buffets . The only issue I had and it's not the casino's fault. There were alot of kids running around maybe beacuse it was a holiday weekend. However if your without transportation it may not be the best choice .	
Sep 6 2008 	Comfortable and Hassle Free	To start, I booked my room on their web-site and later discovered that Expedia was 38 dollars cheaper. I called the hotel and was cheerfully refunded the difference.  At check-in, we were greeted by a pleasant and friendly associate. The room was superb, clean, comfortable and quiet. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The buffet was had a lot of choices and the food was very good. The location is several miles south of the Strip and is easy to get to from I-15. If one wants to visit the Strip, it is an easy drive up I-15. I can't rate the casino since I wasn't in town to play the tables and don't usually gamble as it is, but it was a good sized one with lot's of options.  We will not hesitate to stay there again on our next trip to Las Vegas.	
Sep 3 2008 	Highly recommended	We stayed two nights at South Point. It's location is just as suggested by the name, 3-4 miles south of the Strip. So it is better to have a car to get around. Since it is not right on the strip, we found it is easy to get in and out. The valet parking service is quick and convenient.It is not too much walk to get to the rooms from the main entrance. The elevators to the rooms are very easy to find, just walk straight through the casino. The room is clean and quiet. We had very good rest after getting exhausted at other places. The air conditioner system is the best I have ever experienced. We did not hear any venting air noise. We also liked the flat TV. There is no Vegas show in house. We tried the bowling lane and liked it. There is a ticketing machine near the elevators selling half-priced show tickets. A screen next to it displays the show information. We bought tickets at the machine. We were glad we did that when we saw people waiting in long lines outside the ticketing booths on the strip to get the same tickets, and the temperature was 106 degree.The places is not as luxury as Wynn. But it is comfortable and well managed. Highly recommended for family vacation.	
Aug 31 2008	Fantastic	Fantastic luxury room and bathroom. Clean and near downtown. It is a couple of miles from the strip. It was not a problem for us because we had a rental car.	
Aug 31 2008 	very big rooms	Very new hotel, clean, very big rooms, large lcd. It is a 20 min. drive to central strip. All parking on the strip is free, so it isn't a great problem. There is a hotel shuttle to the strip if you don't want to drive	
Aug 30 2008 	Loved the South Point	My wife and I stayed at the South Point Hotel and Spa for a quick celebration of our anniversary. I had been wanting to check the place out because of it's excellent rating among all the hotels in town. Usually we stay at the Golden Nugget but I was willing to give it a shot. I was thrilled at the great price offered on-line ($49). Upon arrival, we were greeted at the valet by an attendant that was not the most cheerful but at 106 degrees I wouldn't be either. Check-in was a breeze. I received a coupon book for a lot of stuff I did not use. The layout of the facility is logical, not too big where you get worn out walking from one side to the other. The restaurants were nice. I had two breakfasts in the coffee shop and both were good. The sandwiches from the deli looked to be bigger than from the coffee shop. We went to dinner at the Prime rib room and was not disappointed. Great service at reasonable prices. The room was as advertised. Nice size and very clean. The 42&quot; flat-panel was a nice feature. We spent a day using the fitness room and spa facilities. It was well worth the $25 per person facility fee as I could have lost that much on the tables in a minute. I never made it to the 16 scree multiplex theater, but it and the bowling alley looked fine. The gift shop/liquor store was perfect with great selection and even better liquor prices. I can't wait to get back to the South Point Hotel and Spa.	
Aug 27 2008 	Amazing hotel!	My husband &amp; I stayed from 3/25 to 4/1 - it was great week. We found the hotel on Vegas.com - picked it from reading Trip Advisor's reviews - what a pick!!! The rates were great - paid half of what we would have paid on the strip - booked the Luxor then cancelled. We rented a car to get around - did the Grand Canyon &amp; so on. The pool was closed - our only complaint - but we did other things in place of it. The bowling alley &amp; theatre are huge - but didn't go to them. I did play bingo a few nights while hubyy played craps - he said the people were so nice on the floor. Our room was very clean &amp; the king size bed was so comfy - we were in 1941 - the view was nice, the a/c worked just fine, the TV was great, the toiletries were nice - only thing we are use to a frig &amp; micro - but we managed - the extra fees are what keeps the room rates so low - rather the low rates! We ate at the buffet for breakfast - the food was really good &amp; much cheaper then the strip buffets. The deli was good also - had breakfast &amp; lunch there. The store had great things &amp; the liquor was reasonable too. We were suppose to stay here for 5 nights &amp; 2 nights at the MGM - but didn't have the same treatment there so went back to Southopint for the last 2 nights - so the hotel on the strips are more money &amp; way more crowded. We went for the Monster Truck show - which was amazing - a must see at least once! Can't wait to go back - will stay here in a heartbeat!	
Aug 27 2008 	It's our secret hotel	This was our second time staying at South Point and we will go back. After going to Vegas multiple times a year for a very long time we have gotten sick of the outrageous prices the hotels on the strip are charging so we found South Point. Since we drive from LA, the fact that it's off the strip isn't a big deal to us, but there are always taxis and I hear they have a shuttle service that goes to Mandalay Bay every 15 minutes. The rooms are clean, huge, and you get a nice big tv. The bathrooms come stocked with Bath and Body Works products which I love. My only gripe this trip was the maid service. When we arrived at midnight, our room door was open and we didn't have any soap or shampoo and conditioner. Our floor obviously hadn't been vacuumed since there were some sort of crumbs by the couch...but at midnight and after a full day of work and a 4 hour drive to Vegas, we just didn't care to make the effort to call the front desk. The next day when the maids came our room still wasn't vacuumed and they still didn't leave us soap or anything else. We aren't too high maintenance so it wasn't a big deal but it's still annoying. The drinks are cheap, 3 bucks at the bars. The buffet was the worst buffet I have ever been to and even with our coupon for a free buffet I wanted my six bucks back. I felt robbed. I seriously want to gag every time I think about the buffet experience. All in all we'll go back again if I can't find a decent rate at the Mirage or the Venetian.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Deal in Vegas	This is a great deal for a hotel on the Las Vegas strip. However, the hotel is located about 3 miles south of Mandalay Bay, which is the normally the south end of the strip. This is a very new hotel and it seems that the hotel is trying to build clients. It would seem that they are as the valet parking was very busy the day we check in and out. This was one of the few short comings for the hotel. It might be better to park in the self parking and walk to the hotel. It will be quicker to check in and get your car when you leave the hotel.The rooms at the hotel are big, about 500 sq ft with a very comfortable king bed with a sofa in the room, not a pull out. There is also a desk, table and dresser in the room along with a large flat screen TV. The bathroom is large and well appointed.The best thing about the hotel is the restaurants. We ate at the Prime Rib and Silverado Steak restaurants. The food qualtiy and service were first rate at the two restuarants while the cost was below what I am used to spending for comparable food and service.The htoel also has a 156 scree movie theater and a 60 lane bowling alley. This is a kid friendly hotel!I would suggest you book here soon before they start raising the rates. I paid a total of $190 for three night, including a Friday night. This is way below other strip hotels and for the quality can not be beat.My only complaint is I didn't have much luck in the casino but was treated well by the dealers.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Deal	This might be one of the best deals in Vegas. I ended up booking and paying their standard price and was impressed with how large and nice the rooms were. The pool was really nice as well. The hotel is a good alternative if you dont' want to stay on the Strip. They have a shuttle that takes you to the Mandalay Bay hotel.	
Aug 26 2008 	Summer Fun	Las Vegas was one of our required stops on our road trip and we are glad we stayed at South Point. The rooms were beautiful, the pool and spa were relaxing, it was a true vacation. The location of the hotel was so nice we didn’t have to deal with the traffic and we were minutes away from great shopping! The South Point will always be our first choice whenever visiting Las Vegas.	
Aug 21 2008 	Best of both worlds	I booked this hotel because of the fact that the rooms were bigger than average as we had our three teenage children in a room to themselves. It was ideal. theres so much space for the money. No wonder its rated so high.The only disavantage to Strip lovers is that its 10 mins by car.Dont do what I did and hire one! its cheaper to get cabs plus you dont have to waste time parking.The pool is huge and an ideal way to chill out after the endless walking round the many many hotels and shops in the strip.Only thing I found strange was the hire fee for a fridge.The shop was great value even compared to a 7-11.Massive cinema, bowling alley and er.... an Equestrian Centre, yeah! Complmentary vouchers were a help the budget.Food buffet was great value too and surprisingly good.All in all an ideal place for famillies and people who dont want 24 hour mayhem on thier door step!	
Aug 20 2008	Moderate Hotel	We have just returned from a week end stay at South Point. The hotel is moderate. The pictures make it look like a glitzy modern hotel however its more like a standard Comfort/ Holiday Inn. The casino and pool are quite crowded tough to find a seat at the gaming tables. Seems to be filled with tourists and a large number of locals. We stayed in a King Room which was quite spacious but who needs tons of space when you are only in a room to sleep. Sleeping on the otherhand was quite an experience. The mattress is covered in some sort of plastic mat so everytime you move it crackles not mention it does not allow for ventilation. Making sleeping quite uncomfortable. The room was clean the hallways however leading to the room the carpet was filthy. Several stains throughout. There are several different options for dining we tried the Buffet for breakfast which was average and the Mexican Restaurant which was very good. The pool is nice but don't expect to relax. There was an unusually large amount of children for a Vegas hotel. The hotel allows floats so if you just want to take a dip to cool off its tough to find a spot to get in avoiding all of the pool games going on with the children. Aside from that they also allow guests to bring coolers to the pool so there is a large amount of trash and beer cans all around the pool. The Spa looks very modern although we were not interested in paying an extra $20 per day for use of the gym. We paid $89 per night for our room which is not bad but when you can get a room on the strip for the same amount or a couple dollars more I will stay on the strip. The hotel offers a shuttle to the Mandalay Bay but expect it to take about an hour from the time you leave South Point to reach locations mid strip such as the Bellagio and about 30 minutes longer to get to The Wynn. I would reccommend not staying here if you do not have a car and plan on doing anything on the strip. Overall if you want a bargain trip this is the place to stay just don't expect it to be anymore than a bargain. Attached are the photos I forwarded to the hotel in reference to the carpet issue and a photo of Flavor Flav standing in the middle of the Casino, hey if its good enough for Flavor maybe its not so bad : )	
Aug 17 2008 	Very pleased !	I booked a room at the South Point less than 48 hours in advance, and got a good weekday rate ($45/night). I thought the property was one of the older ones - so was expecting something smaller and more run down. Was very pleased to find a huge room (500 sf) and plenty of ammenities, and not showing signs of neglect. Some 'gripes' only if I had to be really picky :1) A vanity mirror and/or vanity area for women to primp would be nice - the bathroom lighting and distance of mirror is rough for us. There is plenty of room for one outside the bathroom and they would be inexpensive for the hotel to install. 2) No 'snack bar' to get a hot dog or other mini-meal in the middle of the night. I come back from late-night Vegas strip-crawling tired and hungry, and don't necessarily want to sit in coffee shop or pay big $ for a room-service meal. Maybe the coffee shop could sell bagels and cream cheese 'to go'?Other than those two things, it was a real gem - staff was nice enough, hotel was nicely appointed, and rooms exceeded my expectations. If you have transportation, and are willing to stay 'off strip', this is a great option. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great visit	A very reasonably priced hotel situated off the strip. A shuttle was available to drop you off at the Mandalay Bay hotel. It takes about 10 minutes and runs until after midnight. The rooms were large, clean and very quiet. We were on the 12th floor. The bed was large and comfortable. The breakfast at the Coronada restaurant was freshly cooked and reasonably priced. Had room service once and the portion was enormous. Given the outside temperature in excess of 100 degrees the air conditioning was great, and one of the quietest I have come across. If you don't mind being off strip then this hotel is an excellent choice and the room price is great for the quality.	
Aug 15 2008 	Great Stay at a Fantastic Price	Wow! We stayed here for one night for $49 &amp; it was the best value I've had in a long time. Check in took awhile because there was a long line, but the staff member that checked us in was friendly. The route to get to the room was pretty direct (unlike some hotel/casinos that require you to wind through a mile-long maze to get to your room). The room was spacious (we has a regular 2-queen room), comfortable, &amp; had great amenities...a full length mirror, toilet/shower separate from bathroom sink, great toiletries, etc. The only complaint about the room was that the air didn't seem to cool as much as it should have. It is a central unit instead of the under-the-window type &amp; we had it set to 63 degrees &amp; it still didn't feel that cool. The pool is awesome...and they even have a separate kid pool that is 1 foot to 3 feet deep with a fountain in the middle. There are also some other family-friendly features like an arcade, bowling alley, and ice cream counter. I'd definintely stay here again...this is my pick in Vegas if you don't care about staying on the strip and can get this kind of rate!	
Aug 15 2008 	Great place to stay	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights which we booked via the website.We arrived midweek so checking in not a problem. We were going to upgrade to a larger room but the receptions said that our standard room was large enough and sure enough it's a great size room.I loved the location - the main strip was a short drive upt to the Luxor carpark.Las Vegas is gambling and shopping so we had a great time just looking at the different hotels.We had the buffet at the hotel which had a great variety of food.We would stay here again.Dave Rwww.daveritchie.com	
Aug 11 2008 	South Point	Excellent choice of hotel if you want to stay off the strip. Price was competitive. Rooms were quiet, clean and tidy. We did hire a car to get out and about to shopping malls, Hoover Dam, the strip etc. Only negative thing was paying to use hotel amenities such as the spa/gym - I believe this however is standard in most Las Vegas Hotels. We will stay here again on our return to Vegas.	
Aug 11 2008 	Loved the South Point	South Point was great, we enjoyed our stay. Rooms were clean and spacious. Casino has cheap tables (low minimum bets) and I thought Don Vito's Italian was wonderful!! The only drawback is the location. I arrived at a time when the hotel airport shuttle was not scheduled to run and taxi was $30.00. We were not visiting the strip this trip, so the location was not a big deal, but ifyou plan to visit the strip, this hotel is quite a ways out. They do, however, offer shuttle service to Mandalay Bay. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 10 2008	A very nice stay	We just returned from our trip to Las Vegas. This was our first visit to Vegas and we enjoyed our stay at South Point. We pick this hotel because of it being off the strip and the price was unbelievable. They have a special summer rate and our average price was around $57 per night. For what you get that was a terrific value, but do not be fooled. Some of the amenities that normally are free are fee based at this hotel. Those amenities are not deal breakers though. For example the gym and internet are fee based. I normally skip workouts on vacation, but I did miss the internet a little. This place is massive with more amenities than the average hotel. My nine year old compared it to a mall and I agree. We were lucky to be the first to stay in a new wing that just opened two days before we arrived. The room was brand new. The rooms are very large with Thomasville furnishings and granite counter tops in the bathrooms. The room also has a 42” LCD TV. The beds were a little too soft. The room being new had a minor problem. One of the walls did not have power and the engineers could not find the breaker when the outage was reported. The hotel immediately offered to send their staff to move us, but it was not a big deal to us. They fixed the problem the following day while we were out. The entire hotel also had a water outage that day, which was a big deal because it wasted some of our day, but that was fixed as well. Overall this is a good hotel compared to others on the strip which are in need of renovations. If we did not have the outages I would have easily given this hotel an excellent on our stay. If you are going soon try to catch the summer rates they can not be beat.	
Aug 10 2008 	nice accommodations	Four day/three night stay last weekend of July '08. Responsive staff, nice large &amp; clean rooms, no real view from room (#979), quite on the floor at night. Clean throughout. Rented car so 4.5 mile drive to strip was not an issue. Had dinner reservations and plans offsite so did not eat onsite or engage in the available activites. Did check out pool, which was fine, as was bowling alley. Did not check out cinema. Small convenience store onsite was nice. Will return and stay again. Highly recommend to most travelers..	
Aug 7 2008 	Way Off The Strip but a Very Nice Prpperty	My husband and I stayed here last summer and really enjoyed the property. There wasn't much reason to leave the property. There's a multi-plex movie theater, bowling, gym/spa, entertainment, gambling, a very nice pool area and decent food. You get a lot of bang for your buck here. We paid less than 50 dollars per night (what a deal). The major downside would be that's it way off the strip, so you must have a car. One other plus is that the outlet mall is not that far away, if you like that type of shopping. It's a great location for kids, there's no way they should ever complain of boredom!	
Aug 5 2008 	Great value and good for young adults	This hotel is definitely of great value. It is not upscale as in Wynn or Bellagio, but has many many excellent features. It's a good hotel for young adults (has a movie theatre and bowling alley attached). Spa is actually EXCELLENT! Hotel is about 20 minutes away from the Strip. For the excellent value, can have extra money for spa treatment. There were many teenagers that weekend, but the hotel was hosting Girls Day Out. Check in: pretty fast (we checked in at 11pm though).Food: Only ate at the buffet for breakfast (good selection for the price) and the lines moves at a good speech. The orange juice was kind of diluted. But can't beat the price (esp with 2 for 1 coupon in the coupon book). Breakfast was $6.95. Ate late evening snack at the cafe that has good variety of food. Midnight Chinese food is really nice. ROOM: large and clean, wood furniture and updated bathroom, with plasma tv.POOL: nice shape, but didn't try. No wave machine that I can tell.SPA: Really loved the spa on women side. Facial treatment was better than other places. It's clean and not crowded. They supply robe, towel, locker, slipper, refreshments, and lotion. Bottled water is available everywhere. Can use the facility all day with purchase of treatment or day pass. TIP: South Point's coupon book offers 2 for 1 breakfast or lunch buffet. TIP#2: Bellagio has a fantastic lunch buffet during weekend. If you get in around 3:30pm, can get in for lunch price and get to try the dinner menu too. The prime rib definitely top quality. Don't miss the lobster ravioli.	
Aug 5 2008 	Big Rooms	I knew this place was going to be away from the strip, so I was expecting the worst. The hotel is new and big, and in a quiet area that looks very safe. I was surprised to see how big the room was. The restaurants in the hotel offer a good deal, and the discount / freebies coupon book is pretty good that you get at check-in, since it included a free bottle of wine with dinner. There is a lot of free parking, and there is a free shuttle bus to and from the airport and the strip. I think the airport bus runs hourly, so check. While we were there, many NASCAR teams stayed there, and there was a cattle show going on. The security is pretty tight at the hotel, and a guard is posted in the evenings by the elevator. The only thing that took long was the check in line at the front desk. But I forgot about that as I started walking around and seeing the theaters and bowling alleys, and all the other stuff going. I was pleasantly surprised, and would stay there again because of the value.	
Aug 3 2008 	What value for money	Stayed here for a week and was really suprised about how good the hotel was. My experience was that it was very clean, staff very helpful and very good facilities (pool, cinema, bowling alley, restaurants) . From the time we arrived and just walked straight up to the check-in (no queue) to the time we checked out (again no queue) we had a really nice time. Having stayed on the main strip before (Mirage, Luxor and Alladin, now Planet Hollywood) this hotel is far better value, not just because of the excellent price but the levels of facilities and service. They provide a free shuttle service to the strip (Mandalay Bay Hotel) and from there you can take the deuce bus to anywhere on the strip or take the free mono rail to the excalibur hotel further up the strip. They also provide a free shuttle service to and from the airport (saving $25 to $30 each way, compard to getting a taxi). Would stay in this hotel again without a moments hesitation.	
Aug 2 2008 	South Point GOES Circus Circus	We stayed @ SP from 7-23 through 7-31. Problems right off the bat with check-in as we had two reservations, one for two days on a promotion and one for the balance. Clerk can't find the first reservation says to come back in an hour so that the person I worked with on the reservation will be on site. Go back in 1 1/2 hour and find the person I worked with and she finds reservation. She can't understand why the 1st clerk could not find it. Room is good but here is where Circus circus comes in. I guess because SP opened the additional 800 rooms on 7-21 the majority of guests seem to be teenagers in various sports tournaments. For eight days the crowds both inside and outside the casino are packed with kids. Gang graffiti scratched on the elevator doors, I was in the casino @ 3:00 am with crowds of teenagers walking here and there with no adults with them, even though signs throughout the casino say no one under 18 is allowed in the SP unsupervised after 9:00 pm weekdays and 10:00 pm weekends. One afternoon after spending 1/2 hour @ the pool, which felt like the pool in Caddyshack on caddy day, I counted 23 people in the baby pool. These were people in the water not just setting on the side. Baby pool maybe 20' in diameter. Again, I think because of the additional rooms, the facilities are taxed beyond limits as the pool is same size, restaurants have not increased either in size or number. To SP's credit, they are building 3 new restaurants but that work is continuing and no word on when it will be opening. I have always agreed that SP was a hidden jewel in LV but please be aware of the potential issues with the new rooms and limited facilities and staff to support the expansion. Hopefully SP will be getting it's act together shortly and the kids will be back in school come fall and winter.	
Aug 1 2008 	Very Nice	This was a very good stay. The hotel was nicely updated. The variety of food shops was great. You will need a rental car to get to the main Vegas strip.My only complaint was my hotel room view. I was on the 3rd floor and only had a view of a wall and a palm tree below. I would recommend this hotel and plan to stay again on a higher floor. CRedRedRoseHyattsville, Maryland	
Jul 31 2008 	Nice surprise	We just needed a place to crash for a night and the day of our red-eye flight. I didn't want to pay an arm and leg, so I Priceline-ed this hotel for 45 bucks. I must say, I was pleasantly surprised. This hotel is waaaaaay off the strip, but tries to make up for that by having everything right there inside the hotel. We parked ourselves in the garage, and check-in was easy (although, hard to find, as in Las Vegas every hotel makes you walk through the entire casino before checking in or going to the garage). I asked for a room on a high floor away from the elevators, and we had a really quiet room on the 24th floor. This hotel is newish (2005) so everything is still fairly clean and modern. The room was surprisingly big. Two comfie queen beds, a sitting area, huge windows overlooking vegas, and a huge bathroom and separate toilet/shower area. Even the coffee maker was modern. There was extra room for us to open all of our luggage on the floor. Really nice, large flat screen tv. Bath &amp; bodyworks lotion/shampoo (Coconut Lime Verbena--our favorite) was a nice touch.The casino takes up most of the first floor, amongst some restaurants and bars. The food was so-so, but we expected that. When we checked in we were given a coupon booklet--lots of free stuff, so we ate at the breakfast buffet, two of us, for 6 bucks. Has a huge movie theater (16 screens?) and nice bowling alley. Lots of stuff for the kids to do while mommy goes and gambles for a couple of hours. The pool area was big, full of kids and semi-drunk adults. Pool water looked filmy and cloudy, so, I didn't swim too long. They have shuttles if you want to go to the strip, but we didn't venture, as we were there just long enough to eat, sleep, watch a movie, etc.Overall, this was a great value. It's a good place for a family to stay for a couple of days, or for those with time to spend at the hotel and venture to the strip (it's probably a good 3 miles).	
Jul 31 2008 	Great stay great value at The South Point	Wife and I stayed at The South Point for two nights, starting on July 27. It was great. We were on the 21st floor, room 2154. It was the perfect place to celebrate my wife's birthday!Security was at the elevators every evening and checked room keys. There was lots of security in and around the hotel, on foot, in cars and on bikes. We felt very safe even at night in the parking garage. The casino was not too smoky. Check in went smoothly. The girl that checked us in, Nicole, was very friendly and helpful and saw that we had a non smoking room on a high floor, facing the hills, just like we requested. We checked in about 1pm and even though check in is not until 3pm they had no problem letting us check in two hours early. The room was VERY comfortable. We had a king size bed that was very firm but plush and the sheets were great. The pillows were very comfortable. There was triple sheeting on the bed. The blackout curtains worked very well and kept the room absolutely dark, great the next morning after a late night when we wanted to sleep in. We didn't hear a sound from outside the room, not once while we were there. Air conditioning worked great and was very quiet. The hotel supplied soap, shampoo and shower gel from Bath and Body Works and the wife just loved that. We even had a bottle of mouthwash!The lighting was good in the room and so was the water pressure. Wireless internet worked great from the room when we purchased it for one day. There is a huge safe that you can set your own code for. It held our 15 in and 17 inch widescreen laptops and my wife's large purse and there was still room left! There is an ironing board and iron in the room, and a couch and coffee table, as well as a small dining table with two chairs. It was like a mini suite. I see that some reviews mentioned power and water problems earlier this month, but apparently that has been fixed. Our water pressure was great the entire time, and our lights never flickered once. The 42 in plasma TV had a nice selection of channels, for Vegas, and we hooked up an S video to it one night and watched a movie using a laptop. The picture on the DVD was great too. We didn't visit the pool area this time, but could see it from our room and it looked very inviting. Next time we will visit it for sure. The buffet had a great selection for lunch and we had a buy one get one free coupon given to us at check in. It was a great value at $7.99. We ate dinner in the Coronado Cafe one night. Wife had the T bone special and I had the rack of ribs. Both meals were very good. The graveyard specials were good too, and very reasonable. We don't gamble much, we do more sight seeing while we are in Vegas, but we did play the slots a little one night, and they were pretty loose for us. We came home ahead. The waitress came by frequently asking if we wanted something to drink. Every employee we met on the casino floor was friendly to us, whether we were gambling at the time or just observing or looking around. We didn't meet any employees that were rude or unfriendly during our stay. We liked that the South Point is a little ways from the strip. It was quieter there and we felt it was a great value for the money spent. We look forward to going back later this year and staying again at The South Point.	
Jul 30 2008 	Lovely facility!	I have just returned from Las Vegas and staying at the South Point. The facility is lovely!!! The food at the Oyster Bar was delicious. Pool is awesome. Had a lovely time. It's off the strip so you don't have to deal with that mess if you don't wish to. If you wish to, there is a free shuttle to and from the strip.	
Jul 30 2008 	The new tower is wonderful!	The new tower had opened just 3 days before we stayed in it. I don't think anyone had even used our room before! The hotel was sold out, and the place was packed. However, the lines at the restaurants weren't too long at any given time. I think these people could teach or train other facilities on how to handle large groups of people! Everyone we came in contact with was professional and very courteous. The room we had was absolutely wonderful, and we had no problems what so ever. The facility is huge, and with bowling, numerous movie theaters, and gambling, we had no reason to leave to go anywhere else!	
Jul 29 2008 	One of the Best!! Can't recommend it more highly!!!	We stayed at the South Point from July 24-27, 2008, after the Meridian Suites canceled a &quot;months made in advance&quot; reservation we had with them. I found the South Point thru TA, and it sure paid off for us.We are not gamblers, so I can not report what the gaming was like, but there was a TON of activity in the casino every night, so some were enjoying it. We had just a run-of-the-mill non-smoking, king, but the room was fantastic. Very clean, bed was awesome (I stay in hotels probably 150 nights a year, so the bed is a big deal for me), and we had a sixth floor room overlooking the pool, so the view was great. The maid service was tremendous, room was always clean and fresh, and we never heard , saw or smelled anything &quot;untoward&quot; our whole stay.We only ate in one of the restaurants in the hotel during our stay (we drove out this time, so we had a car, which gave us freedom to hit some places we normally don't get to), but the one we did eat in, the steakhouse, was phenomenal. Everyone enjoyed their meals, and the service was perfect. If the other restaurants in the hotel are equal to this one, they all would be great places to eat and based upon the lines to get into them, they must be close).The only complaint I had (and it's minor) was the service from the bartenders at the many bars around the hotel. Getting a drink from any of the male bartenders was a chore, they were much more interested in attending to the cocktail waitresses needs than those sitting at a bar, or at one of the tables in one of the bar areas. While the cocktail waitresses were well worth watching, it is a little irritating to have to virtually reach out and grab a bartender in order to pay him $8.00 for a drink. Didn't have this problem with the female bartenders (bartendresses???), they were right there as soon as you sat down, and the service from them was on par with the rest of the South Point---impeccable.Were going back to Vegas for the National Finals Rodeo in December, and I have already changed my reservation to the South Point. Can't imagine staying anywhere else now.	
Jul 29 2008	10 Reasons why its the best !	First the downside - Its a long way from the strip so if you dont have a car and want to visit Vegas its a 5 minute car ride.Now the upsides -1.Its a long way from the strip so you arent overrun with light-gazing tourists, overdressed wanabees and , for want of a better phrase, hos &amp; playas !2.The rooms are awesome - 42 inch plasma, nice bed set up and very comfortable, spacious, modern, clean and a nice bathroom area .Windows soundproofed.3.Pool area is spacious , never crowded and has a bar and food service.Only a certain amount of beds are put out so you arent tripping over people (Mirage , for example) .And their pool hours are flexible if you want an early morning or late night swim.4.Casino area is large and has high ceilings making it bright and airy (if thats possible with no windows).It never was smoky, unlike most strip casinos .Slots were loose (blackjack, wheel of fortune) and the craps tables were never too crowded.5.Food - Deli was great for a quick snack with huge portions ; 2 for 1 lunch buffet means $4 each making it a bargain (desserts really good) ; 24 hour cafe great though chinese food just ok ; and for sports fans, check out the 75 cents hot dogs6.Entertainment - Bowling and Cinemas both very good and clean ; also showroom on Friday &amp; Saturdays have a Prince / Funk tribute band and the Spazzmatics (image 80s music meets Napoleon Dynamite7.Housekeeping, Valet and Bell desk all excellent8.Bingo great fun and good staff.They have electronic boards so you can just sit and drink free drinks for an hour (plus we won a $250 coverall)9.Price - bargain !10 Front desk were fast and helpful.And express checkout on your tv will save time as well.My wife and i are in our late 30s, have visited Las Vegas over a dozen times and love the place.And if you want a great base for an extended stay look no further than here.We are going back i9n April &amp; July 2009	
Jul 29 2008 	A haven away from the bustling crowds	I accompanied my husband while he was attending a conference at The South Point Hotel. Although I have travelled a great deal this was my first trip to Las Vegas and frankly did not know what to expect. My first view of the South Point was impressive and from that moment on the hotel did not fail me. The large room was very nicely appointed and clean clean clean with all of the amenities to make life comfortable during our stay. Most days were spent sight seeing on the strip while my husband worked, and the convenient bus shuttle worked extremely well. Frankly if I had to wait a 'few' minutes for the shuttle to arrive they were welcome minutes to cool down in the pleasant air conditioned lobby at The Mandalay Hotel pick up and drop off point. On returning to The South Point and far from the maddening crowd of down town, it was always a good feeling to step off the bus and into the comfort of the hotel where I knew my lovely peaceful air conditioned room awaited me for a pleasant relaxation before the evening entertainment began. At the South Point it appeared there was something for everyone to enjoy and to cater for every taste. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again, thank you also to the pleasant South Point staff, this was a good experience and should I return to Las Vegas this will definitely be a destination of choice..	
Jul 26 2008 	don't take a taxi!	It's very beautiful and clean. we got a $49.00 nightly rate the first go round, booking early so stayed again on our way back from Colorado but the rate was $79 this time. Do not take a taxi to the strip. Cost was $30 one way! It's FREE to shuttle to Mandalay Bay and then take the tram to either Luxor or Excaliber.	
Jul 26 2008	Great Service! Very Clean! Overall Fantastic Place!	Stayed here for our Vegas Wedding last year and the value can't be beat! Sure it's off the strip, but they provide a shuttle to and from the strip and the casino was great for everyone with a wide range of tables and slots. Great piano bar with dueling pianos! The food was above average and you get a coupon book that includes a 2-for-1 meal at the buffet. The staff was especially helpful even though the Labor Day MDA telethon was being held there the same weekend, but they were very accomodating including distributing small boxes to our guests as they checked in as well as facilitating a exchange for a larger room for all the bridal party to get ready in together! Overall it was a great place to stay in Vegas!!!	
Jul 25 2008 	I would never stay here again!!!	We stayed for 2 nights at the South Point Hotel from July 18th thru 20th of 2008 and needless to say we were not impressed. The hotel rooms were clean but the service was awful. The decor is mediocre and it reminds me of a large scale choice hotel. We booked our room through travelocity and we felt that we had received a great rate, however no amount of money would have sufficed the inconvenience we experienced during our stay. We were awaken 2 mornings in a row at 7am to a fire alarm testing and an annoying message over the loud speaker. Why this was done so early, I'm not sure but the first morning that it happened was the worst because it lasted off and on for 2 hours. We had only been sleep for two hours befor it started. As a result I had a pounding headache when we got up that day. Since this was our first stay in Vegas we went to the Strip on the complimentary shuttle and like everyone says they barely get you there (you get dropped off at the end of the strip at Mandalay Bay). Prior to us leaving South Point none of the hotel workers knew when we could get the shuttle they only knew that it came every 20 minutes. We sat outside and waited in the Vegas heat for about 30 minutes, by then my headache had turned into nausea. Before we checked out the next day they had a water main break and we were without hot water in our room. Front desk kept telling us it would be back on in 20 minutes, we waited 2 hours and it never happened. That was the straw that broke the camels back, On our way to check out we asked other guest if they had hot water and everyone else said that they did (that made us feel great). We asked the manager for a reduced rate but he wouldn't give it to us.When we checked out of the South Point we went to the Signature at MGM and that was like stepping into heaven. I highly recommend this hotel over South Point anytime.	
Jul 25 2008 	Toilets and Showers didn't work for hours power problems + + +	We stayed at the Southpoint for a karate tournament from July 17th - 19th. When we first arrived in our room the bathroom lights didn't work. Got it fixed. Then each morning, the power would go out for about 30 minutes while they tested backup generators. Very annoying being awaken at 7am through the intercom when I just got into bed a few hours ealier. My daughter had to at the karate seminars in the morning and couldn't get ready properly in a dark bathroom.When I returned to my room at 3am in the morning after a long night of partying, my room keys didn't work. Luckily my daughter &amp; friend were in the room.Then on Sunday morning before we left, again the power went out in the morning. Next - We did not have any water pressure from 8am until 11:45am. We checked out at 11:50 am, smelling like smoke from the night before - - without taking a shower or using our own toilets. The best the Southpoint could do was issue us a $20 credit for two night.The customer service at this place is Terrible. Don'T Stay here unless you don't need a shower or toilet.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Hotel and Great Experience...A little far from the strip	Stayed here in 2006 and forgot that I didn't do a review until just now when I was reviewing my most recent LV trip. Stayed here with my boyfriend December 26th-29th, 2006. The hotel rooms are awesome. Almost as nice as the Venezia rooms at the Venetian. The casino seems a little smaller than most. We took the shuttle once and didn't have to wait too long, but there is no set schedule which is understandable because of strip traffic.This is a first class hotel. The distance from the strip is a plus or minus depending on your point of view. It did not ruin our trip but we prefer being on the strip. However, we will stay there again because of the great deal we got on the rooms.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great hotel...again and again!!!	We go to Vegas twice a year, and have stayed at the South Point several times. I am picky about hotel cleanliness, and this hotel is one I highly recommend. The rooms are always very clean and nice. The price is very reasonable...Our most recent stay was July 6 through the 11th.The room we were first checked into had some problems with the air conditioner. They came right away to try to fix it, but never really cooled down. So we were moved to another room which was much better. The lady at the front desk was very nice and apologetic about the problem, and gave us 2 free buffets for the inconvenience. She was very adamant about wanting the customers happy and pleased with their stay.The bed was so-o-o comfortable, great t.v., spotless bathroom, Bath and Body products. The pressure in shower was a little low. They were checking fire alarms, as they are opening a new tower soon. Also, they were washing windows on the outside of the rooms, but they left a note about these things, in the room, so we were aware of them. Just minor things, which are not the norm. This is the first time we've used the pool, and it was great. Not too crowded. Lots of chairs. Nice big towels. It would be nice if the snack bar would open earlier, for cold drinks...even at 9 am you get very hot and thirsty in the Vegas sun...it is a DRY HEAT, though:)!!!There are several good restaurants, we ate at the cafe, the Mexican restaurant on the second floor, and the buffet...also the ice cream shop...The buffet didn't seem to be as good, but it was almost time to close....when they say they stop serving at a certain time, they food starts dissappearing right then!Slots seemed tight, but that seems to happen every where I go!!!I do recommend a car, it is a ways from the strip. We have used the shuttle before, but a car is much more convenient, that way you don't spend alot of time waiting around.Nice bowling alley and movie theater...also a bingo room, which we went for the first time. They have a nice gift and snack shop, which I believe is open 24 hours (I am not real sure on that, but it was always open when we went to our room , which was very late) Only things I would change about this place, is drop the fee they charge for the exercise room, and open the pool snack bar earlier. Oh, a jackpot or two would be a good idea!!!The South Point is the place for you if you want a spacious and spotless room to relax in...	
Jul 20 2008	A Break From The Crowds - Great Hotel!	My husband and I decided to go to Vegas a day earlier than planned so we were able to get a room for one night at South Point. We read the reviews and they all seemed favorable. The rate was really good too.The hotel is off the strip and we found the casino to be less crowded and that was really nice. We ate at the Silverado Steak House for dinner one of 6 restaurants at the hotel not including the buffet. We are from Texas and we frequent good Steak and Chop Houses so I would consider the Silverado just average. It wasn't the worst but certainly not the best either. The rooms are large with a 42&quot; Plasma T.V. The bed for me was very hard but I am used to a pillow-top mattress. The bathrooms are great! They have a toilet and shower area that is separate form the vanity area. The vanity area is also quite large and several people can get ready at one time.My only complaint about the hotel is that there is a lot of construction going on at the back of the hotel and was quite noisy. They work very late at night too. If you plan on being in your room early I would request a room on the front side of the hotel.Over-all this hotel is a great value. It has a movie theatre, spa, pool and fitness center and is not overly crowded. If you have a car and can get around then this is a nice place to retreat from the crowds.	
Jul 20 2008 	They cant seem to do anything right	I recently spent three days at the casino. The floor staff of the casino is very rude. A few of the dealers are OK, but the floor people walking around are nothing but rude. The buffet is really horrible for the cost and most of the food places in there stink. The big sur seafood place is good and the seafood is good. The Ice cream parlor is nice but how hard is it to dish ice cream. The hotel room is nice but since they are adding onto the hotel they are occasionally setting off the fire alarms and annoying people. Its hard to sleep through a fire alarms and loud speaker announcements. I left on 7/19/08 and on that day, Saturday morning, they did a generator test at 7 30 AM, Which entailed loud announcements and 3 or 4 fire alarms. AT 7:30 AM ON SATURDAY MORNING!!! . The room service was ok and quick but overall the place just stinks. (its also hard to take a shower in pitch black when the power is off)Avoid this place at all costs, for at least a year or two, maybe then they will have worked out there problemsone more thing, unless your a slot player, there will be no comps. not even a free meal....	
Jul 19 2008 	Great stay at the South Point!	We stayed at the South Point from July 16 thru 18. This two night stay followed a four night stay at the MGM grand in the West Wing. Our vacation was extended for two nights and we wanted to give the South Point a try. We were pleasantly surprised at such a great property. The room was huge and we had a nice view of the mountains! It is very easy to get in and out of. I do suggest a car if staying there. We'd spend the day on the strip by parking at one of the casinos and then head back to south point for the night's gambling and eating! Everyone was very nice there. The cocktail waitresses were very attentive and drinks were just right. I have one complaint only. The water pressure in the shower was not as strong as we like. Other than that, it was a great time. If you are looking for a middle of the strip type experience this is not the place for you. But if you are looking for a great stay at a reasonable price, keep this place in mind. We'd like to go back.	
Jul 16 2008 	Nice stay	We were in Las Vegas for a family event, and needed a hotel close to the events in Henderson. South Point was a great choice. The place is new, and the rooms are in great condition. The elevators were very fast, and the hotel part of the casino was well guarded with security staff. The bed was comfortable, the air conditioning worked well, and it was quite clean. The room and bathroom were quite spacious. Housekeeping calls for additional towels were attended to very quickly.Only minor complaints - the showerhead was terrible, more of a dribble than a spray. There were no windows that opened in the room, which would have been nice, since the ventilation there is not good. Smoke has permeated everything there, from the casino on up to the rooms. I didn't use most of the facilities due to the nature of my stay, but the pool, spa, etc seemed nice. A good choice for those who want quality at a decent price and don't mind not being right in the thick of things.	
Jul 15 2008	My favorite place to stay in vegas	Hi, we stayed at the Southpoint on June 29 2008 - July 3, 2008 . What a wonderful hotel and it is getting better...they have opened two new restaraunts we tried the Prime Rib restaraunt....excellent...and very affordable..three of us with wine and desert $60.00...the prime rib was excellent...The hotel rooms are excellent...the flat screen TV, clean confortable rooms, maid service was outstanding...and they do not bang on others doors so you can get a restful sleep..like other hotels we have stayed at in Vegas..(The Mirage) Pool area outstanding...We tried the deli...oh my gosh...excellent...Sandwiches big enough to be shared...Again I give the Southpoint 5 stars...yes it is south of the strip...and they do offer complimentary bus service to the Mandalay Bay...which is a 5 minute bus ride...Outstanding hotel...and they have plenty for the kids to do too...check out their website...I hope you have as much fun as we did...	
Jul 15 2008 	Fantastic and brilliant stay. Great price.	We only noticed this hotel via this website and are very grateful that we did.Firstly let me point out that this hotel is on Las Vegas Blvd S, but it is actually just over 5 miles from the main strip itself. Therefore, unless you have a car it may be unsuitable for you. They do provide shuttles to the strip, but am not sure how frequently they run.The hotel itself is fantastic, especially for the price we paid. We paid £261.00 (about $522), through expedia, for a 7 night stay. I thought this great value for money. Check-In was very smooth and with no problems. We requested a pool view room on a high floor and that is what we got. Ample free parking is available as well as Valet.The rooms are very spacious and clean. The maid did a fantastic job every day. The A/C worked great and is quite, it was 105f – 110f outside and the room was comfortably cool with the A/C on. The rooms have 42” Flat Screen TV and I personally found the beds comfortable. The pool area was also very clean. The main pool is in good size and about 3.5 feet deep. There is also a Children’s pool and I think this was 1.5 feet deep. There is a large Jacuzzi towards the back. There are many sunbeds available. The sun does not shine in the pool area until after 9.00am onwards (in July), so it is good use the Jacuzzi at this time.The Casino is very similar to all other casinos in LV, except this was the only place where I saw minimum 1 dollar bet roulette tables. Staff in the Casino are also very polit. Many places to eat within the hotel, with two places staying open until 5.00am. This was our first time in Vegas and we really enjoyed it and also our stay at this hotel. The only thing that will prevent me from staying at this hotel is my desire for next time to stay on the main strip.	
Jul 8 2008 	Yes its off the strip! Great Place	Stayed 6/28 - 7/3. (HOT 101-111 degrees)Had a rental car.Arrived at the hotel a little before 11:00 and waited in line for a couple of minutes. Front Desk informed me that they are not checking anyone in yet and to come back in about an hour. No problem for us, we checked our bags with the Bell desk and headed out to In N Out Burger. Its a ritual for us being from NY/NJ, we are deprived.Came back to the hotel around 12:30, waited a couple of minutes in line then were given a nice room on the 21st floor.Room Review:Very clean &amp; large. Bed was comfortable but sheets were a little rough (no big deal). One improvement I recommended was larger bath towels.Restaurants:Coronado Cafe - okay dinner type food. Didn't care for the chinese food but I am comparing it to NYC Chinatown.Baja Miguel's - Not bad. Was better then some of the chain restaurants (Chevy's, On the Border).Big Sur Oyster Bar - Good. Crispy fried Calamari &amp; chunky New England Clam Chowder.Casino:We lost but that's why they call it gambling. The drink hostesses were great, always coming around/fast service + cold beer. Overall the casino was clean and not very smokey.Check-Out:Waited in line for a couple of minutes. The only issue I had was a $15 per day charge for a room refrigerator. This was dropped b/c it was required for medical/medicine. I checked on this before I checked in but was something missed by the front desk, no biggie!Tips:1. If you have a car and are heading to the strip use the I-15 entrance at the back of hotel. You can fly up the highway and get off at many spots along the strip. Time &amp; gas saver.2. They sell liquor in the gift store in the casino.3. Graveyard specials @ Coronado's from 12:00 - 6:00am. Several dishes are $3 - $5.Things I would change:1. $10 a day fee to use the gym2. $12 a day for internet access3. Some employees need to learn how to smile at the front desk.	
Jul 8 2008 	WOW POW BING ZING almost like the bat cave	All hotels booked when we tried to book on the strip so we decided to try this one .What a place clean bright, plesant staff, food to kill for and the food servers wer better than 100%. The check in was very fast and the clerk said our names several times directed us to various areas of the casino and places to eat.The room was very big and very BRIGHT and very clean, the TV was the bigest we have seen in any of the major hotes we have stayed at and we have done all the big ones. The bathroom was very big with plenty of towels and other items to wash with. Yes the pool need some shade areas but the water was clean and the staff were more than happy to help in any way. The price was very reasonable for this size room and the service provided.We are sold on this place and will book over and over again.	
Jul 8 2008 	A great family stopover	Our family spent 2 nights here in June as part of a longer trip and will certainly return again when our travel plans bring us back to Vegas. We have stayed in 3 different off-strip Vegas hotels in the past 12 months and this was easily the best and the best value. The Orleans and Sunset Station were the other 2 highly rated, inexpensive hotels that we have visited. The hotel was very easy to find from the airport, and check in was very quick (although it was at 1am). The standard room was huge and had a nice flat panel (42&quot;?) screen with a full selection of cable channels for the kids. The bathroom had separate sink and shower areas so several people could get ready at once. The rooms and furnishings all appeared new. The recently remodeled pool area had a large hot tub and a kiddie pool for the littlest one, but not much shade on the 108 degree days. They also closed it early (5pm) when we were there for a concert. Plenty of parking was available right in front of the lobby. Security was very visible each evening as well to protect access to the hotel elevators. There is construction (800+ more rooms) going on, but we never heard or saw any equipment. We found good rates on travelworm.com.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great place to stay if you are willing to stay offstrip	Chose it because it was a very highly rated hotel on http://www.tripadvisor.com. Found decent deal on Hotels.com. Check-in was quick, ample free parking in the hotel. Room was big and well maintained, nice bathroom, toiletries, towels. Nice bed, decent air conditioning [with outside temperature @ 110], nice 42&quot; plasma screen albeit with limited channels. Would have been nice if there was refrigerator in the room for cold water and ice.Buy one get one free coupon for Garden buffet was nice. Decent buffet. Free drink coupon was welcome. Casino was pretty clean, lots of people playing. Location was not a problem since we rented a car. Be careful while driving to strip, saw two similar accidents within 0.5 mile of the hotel for 2 two consecutive days. Checkout was real quick but they charge 11.99 for Internet access per day. Keep an eye on the hotel price as it dropped as we got closer to out intended date of stay. Experience of booking with Hotels.com was horrible since they didn't fulfill their price match guarantee. Email support was non existent, phone support from call center in India was terrible.Will stay again!!!	
Jul 7 2008 	Good cheap hotel LOUSY registration desk	Overall this hotel is good value for the money but has some problems. The good: Large clean rooms with comfortable beds. Good bath products with large bathroom. Vanities are seperated from tub and toilet which really helps when both of you are trying get ready. Casino is a little smokey but not as bad as some (Orleans!!). We liked the easy freeway access I-15 so we could shoot up behind the strip to wherever we were going. You need a car to stay here. They have a shuttle to the Manadaly Bay but you end up wasting too much of your vacation time waiting. Pool was nice and never felt too crowded but finding shade was difficult. Buffet was not bad for the price. The Bad: Since it is summer there were tons of kids. Not bad if parents would excercise control over them. We had breakfast at the coronado cafe. I had the South point special. Since we had eaten at the buffet the day before I could easily recognize leftovers reheated. The scrambled eggs on top were fresh but the sausages, potatoes and green peppers were dull, luke warm and tasted like yesterdays stuff. We have stayed here before and encountered a real snotty girl at check out. Well guess who I got again!! I have read other complaints about the registration desk. I'm batting two for two. It amazes me how the hotel does not adress this. Especially if it is the same one person. I have written to the hotel about this and identified her.	
Jul 3 2008 	Had a great time	I would recommend this hotel. I am pretty picky when it comes to hotels so it was nice to find that this hotel was not only affordable, but also very clean. The room was clean and had a nice scent. Nice huge TV. Room was made up daily which included bathroom toiletries from Bath and Body Works. I loved the huge shower. Also, the Silverado Steakhouse is pretty pricey and the food was good. I expected more for the money however the service was wonderful. Everyone needs to splurge once is a while : ) Don't forget to use the coupons in the Fun Book provided at check-in. It saves you money. Don't detach the coupons before use or they will be voided. The casino was a lot of fun. I won $175 which made it even more exciting. The staff was very friendly and responsive. I had a problem with the in room safe and an Engineer showed up within 5 minutes and took care of the problem. I am coming back to this hotel on my next visit.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great hotel great price	The South Point Hotel is a wonderful place to stay for a very good price. We booked through Travelocity and didn't have any problems. Our room was very clean and comfortable and the floor was quiet. The restaurants, especially Don Vito's, were excellent, and the pool was very nice. I got an amazing hot stone massage at the spa and was able to use the facilities for the entire day. Although the hotel isn't on the Strip, they offer a free shuttle to and from Mandalay Bay which is very convenient. My only (very minor) complaint would be that they don't have pizza in any of the restaurants.	
Jun 30 2008 	Another great stay	I, my wife and three daughters stayed two weeknights. We found an amazing rate through Travelocity. Kids loved the pool and arcade. Using the coupons we had two good and reasonable meals. Dinner at Baja Miguels and breakfast at the buffet. this was our second stay and we'll be back again soon.	
Jun 29 2008 	Love this place!	Date of stay: June 24-26, 2008My dad (77) and I stayed at the South Point Hotel, Casino and Spa on the recommendation of family members. We were able to get our hotel stay as a buy one get one night free. Also using our MC to pay, we each receive $25 gas cards. The staff was very helpful in getting us rooms next to each other on a day they were at capacity. Our rooms were clean, the beds very comfortable and the bathrooms are very spacious. The complimentary toiletries are from Bath &amp; Body Works. There were plenty of activities to keep us busy for our stay. We played Bingo (a favorite hobby of my Dad) and were able to use computerized machines to keep track of our cards. The machines do everything for you except yell out &quot;Bingo!” if you do have a bingo the machine plays a song to let you know it. The Casino was very clean and the floor plan was easy to follow; I was able to navigate my dad through the Casino with little trouble. I was able to leave my dad alone for a little while he was playing and felt comfortable doing so. South Point also has bowling, a movie theater an equestrian center. It is definitely a place I will stay again.	
Jun 29 2008 	"Nice Hotel but very poor service"	Arrived at the South Point Hotel on June 24th. Took a whle for the valet to come over to take our car. To save time I proceeded into the lobby to check in. I had booked two rooms. One room had two doubles and the other a king. Not only did they not give me a king but they gave me a double handicap room. I was told it was the only room available. I was traveling with family. The 2nd room we were given was occupied still. Called front desk and asked to speak to a manager. They put a very rude supervisor on the phone. She ended up arguing and hangin up on us. Honestly she should not be working in the customer service industry. Asked over and over to speak to a manager. An hour later one called. He provided the 2nd room but it was located on the 3rd floor. The other room was on the 9th floor. How inconvient is that. Nothing was ever done for all the mixups. The rooms are nice and big over all. The casino is okay. Pool area is nice. However the staff needs to be sent to training on learning customer service skills. This includes casino, bell staff, wait staff and especially front desk. I would not return to this hotel again. I would suggest for a little more money to stay at a hotel / casino on the strip. Such as the MGM Signature.	
Jun 28 2008 	Terrific Overall Stay Check in Stank	Overall I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and our guests did as well. Ages of our group ranged from 14 - 79 and there was something for everyone. The worst part of the trip was checking-in. They had an average of 3 people at the front counter at any time (I checked in two groups of people at two different times/days). They were slow as molasses! Once we went through that hassle we went into our rooms which were very clean and spacious. Ensure you make reservations for the airport shuttle 24 hours in advance. The security at night going up to the rooms left something to be desired. It was a security guard glancing at you when you walked by to see if you had a key card. That's if they weren't too busy text messaging. We ate at four of the restaurants and were very pleased with the quality of the food and superb customer service. If you don't want to wait an hour in line to check out you can do it through guest services on your TV, HIGHLY Recommended!	
Jun 26 2008 	Great Place to Stay!	This is the third time I have stayed at South Point, and I would definitely stay there again. Everything was great, from the speed of check-in to the cleanliness of the guest rooms. The food was great, too!	
Jun 25 2008 	Great off-strip hotel	Stayed at the South Point in early June and since I was by myself, and playing poker most of the day, I really just needed a nice, cheap place to sleep. The South Point was a great choice. The room was wonderful, clean, and seemed brand new. Althought there are many &quot;locals&quot; casinos that have bargain rates, I can't imagine any of them being nicer than the SP, and I've stayed at a few others. However, I had my car with me, and that makes a huge difference in staying here. The staff seemed very nice, and I did take one quick dip in the pool, but did not eat or gamble there this trip. The next time I travel to Vegas by myself, I will definately make South Point my first choice. Got a great rate at their website for 50 dollars a night.	
Jun 24 2008 	Stayed there 3 times and loved it everytime!	It was our third time at the hotel/casino and we love it there. If your a player, the comps are really good. Because it was my husbands birthday, we stayed in the 1000 sq ft suite on the 25th floor. It was so comfortable, I could have lived in the room. The food is alway's excellent, it doesn't matter which place you choose to eat. I seriously, don't have any complaints about anything! Yea, it's far from the strip... but for the service and price, who cares? I would give their service 5 stars.. I've stayed at the Ritz (more than once) in Henderson, and I would say my overall opinion of the Southpoint is just about the same.5 Stars	
Jun 23 2008 	Liked South Point the Best	We stayed here for 5 nights in June, we had a rental car and walked the strip and after every hotel we went into we said, &quot;We like our hotel the best.&quot; (Side note, we liked it best considering the price, if someone would let us stay at the Wynn or The Venetian for $79 a night, I would take it)South Point's Casino was very nice, the room was huge and the bed was comfortable. Bathroom was large and clean, what else can you ask for. We never got to the pool area but the movie theater was nice. Breakfast buffet was a good deal and a good variety. We were very pleased with our choice to stay here. No complaints and an easy drive to the Strip.	
Jun 23 2008 	A great Value and a great Hotel	Just returned from a stay at the South Point and I was super impressed. The room was spacious and clean. Hotel was spotless and with the construction nearing completion, no unpleasant noise, just a parade of workmen coming and going very quietly. If you rent a car, this is the perfect place to serve as HQ for a nice Vegas trip. The best thing is that you don't have the mad rush of other tourists in the lobby, etc. Casino was friendly and always had $5 tables ready. This certainly will be my place of choice upon a return trip.	
Jun 22 2008 	Watch out for for overcharging!	This hotel is still going through &quot;growing pains&quot;. It is a great value Las Vegas hotel- we paid $47 a night for a 3 night stay &amp; $55 for a single night's stay by booking directly through the hotel's internet site. We had a large comfortable room each of our visits. The buffet and the cafe were both good value.That said, BOTH reservations were not as confirmed and - surprise, surprise - we were charged more than the agreed rate at check out! I contacted the Hotel's reservation department after arriving home about our experience to see if it was the hotel's policy to overcharge and then effectively call guests &quot;liars&quot; when the mistake was pointed out until printed proof of the hotel's error was submitted. The South Point Hotel declined to respond to my email which leads me to believe that it indeed IS the hotel's policy to overcharge AND it gives you an idea about the hotel's level of customer service. Make sure you have a copy of your reservation confirmation and brace yourself for being hassled at check out! Other issues we faced included:The rooms smelled strongly of disinfectant on check-in;Internet access was $11.95 per day;Local phone calls were $1;There were no bellmen on duty on arrival for the 1st visit;Our calls to the front desk took an average of 5 minutes to be answered; andThe telephone answering system did not work in BOTH rooms.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great value for Las Vegas	This was my first four star hotel on a two star hotel budget. I still can't believe the great deal that I got on this hotel $613 from Hartford to Las Vegas Air and Hotel for 5 days / 4 nights. The hotel was clean, room was spacious, plasma television with cable service. The photos on their website is WYSIWYG. Internet access sounded high at $11.99 for 24 hours, but I heard complaints from others that other properties were charging a higher rate. This hotel has a definate Western, horse theme and is a great property for horse enthusiast and families. FREE shuttle transportation is available from the airport to the hotel and from the hotel to the main strip, but I would highly recommend a rental car. FREE parking is available at almost all of the hotels on the main strip. I parked in both Caesers Palace and Harrahs without any problems or incidents. Traffic is super heavy on the mainstrip, so if you are there for a convention, give yourself at least 30 minutes to travel from the South Point to the mainstrip locations and to find parking to get to your seminars (if your convention is not being held at the South Point). South Point offers bowling, movie theater and great restaurants. I ate exclusively at the Garden Buffet. The options were plentiful and tasted great.	
Jun 20 2008	Fabulous Hotel south of the strip	South Point is all thumbs up. I read a lot of the reviews about the Hotel and Casino before I booked it and was pleasantly pleased with my choice. The rooms are very nice, clean, and quiet. The swimming pool area is very nice, but there is construction noise close by with the hotel currently adding additional rooms. We tried two of the in-house restaurants and we were pleased with the service and quality. The parking garage is covered and free, so is the shuttle. The only extra I over-looked is wireless internet service - there is a fee to connect. All-in-all, if you don't mind being 5 miles south of the strip, this place is an affordable, convenient option. Happy travels.	
Jun 19 2008	Try the South Point	My husband and I drove so we didn't need to rely on their transportation. We had tickets to a show on the strip, but besides that I never wanted to leave the property. I enjoyed the pool area - very large - pool was built more like a lagoon and fun to float or walk around - nice shelf to sit on all around the pool. My husband enjoyed a 50 min massage the first day - he said it made his trip. He even got a much-needed haircut at the Barber Shop.Rooms were larger than most standard. Don Vita Italian restaurant was fabulous. Buffet was good for Sunday brunch. Someone said you could buy a 75 cent hotdog somewhere, but my husband never found it! Didn't take advantage of movie theater or bowling - looked like alot of locals come - we'll try next time. I loved the fact that it was away from the hussle &amp; bussle of the strip - now there's even an offramp from the I-15, so it's convenient.	
Jun 19 2008	Nice clean hotel but far from strip	We stayed in this hotel for one night so can not comment on much. but what i can say is that the hotel is quite far from the strip. the room was lovely, it was a good size and very clean. we ate breakfast in the buffet and the coupons meant we both ate for $5.00 which was good value and set us up for a long day travelling. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Overall I liked this hotel but wouldnt stay again as it is too far away from the strip but we didnt get a chance to see all that it offers.	
Jun 18 2008 	South Point Anniversary Get-a-way	Our children gave us an all expenses paid two week trip to Las Vegas for our 50th wedding anniversary with a thousand dollars to spend on the slots. They chose the South Point for our stay. Accommodations were made for a handicap room, close to the elevators which was quite helpful. The room was spacious, clean, nice TV and other amenities. Loved the toiletries. The bathroom was large and shower area ideal for a handicapped person. Beds were comfortable. Check in and maid service excellent. Would have enjoyed free internet hookup. Casino floor and restaurants easy to get to. Good food, good prices. Deli was the greatest. Pool closed during renovations. Men at work with jackhammers very early in morning but we were early risers anyhow. Furniture and bed linens had fine coating of dust from work being done on upper floor which caused some breathing problems along with smoke on casino floor. Management did make apologies for inconvenience during work. Would have enjoyed having a nice couch or two comfortable chairs for older people to sit in rather than ones which were in the room. A nice area with a few benches to sit on would have been nice outside the casino, other than around pool area. Saw only two out front of the casino. Ample parking outside and in garage. Quick elevators. Security good. Plenty of slot machines, loved the penny slots and enjoyed spending our money AND also winning some to take home. Service on casino floor very good. We had a car rental so getting around was not a problem. We have been to Vegas several times, staying on the strip at the bigger hotels but found South Point more comfortable, offering a variety of things to do. We will return to Vegas for the month of July as we have done for the past 6 years. We stay in a rented house during that time. We will certainly visit South Point often as we have done in the past, to enjoy playing in the casino and eating at the restaurants. Staying at the South Point helped to make our anniversary a most enjoyable event. I would recommend staying at the South Point for singles, young and old, families with children, a honeymoon, and business conventions.	
Jun 16 2008	Nice Place inconvenient location	South Point is a lovely hotel. Simply decorated, but bright and cheery. Toiletries in the rooms are from the Bath and Body Works line. It offers a nice range of dining experiences. Everything was very clean. The only draw back we found the location was little inconvenient if you are hoping to go the main strip. The hotel is located about 5 miles South of Mandlay Bay. They only have two shuttle stops one at Mandalay Bay and Mcaren Airport. Unless you are a heavy gambler there really isn't much to to do other than bowling or a movie in their theater. They have one gift shop that offers a limited amount of gifts. There is no shuttle schedule posted, as like other hotels we have stayed at in Vegas. When we asked the hotel staff we were told there really was not a schedule. So while waiting for the shuttle we had no idea if we had just missed it or if it was due to arrive. It dropped us off in what was almost a back entrance to Mandalay Bay to which we saw not other hotel shuttles droping people off in this area. Thus leaving us to walk quite a way to where we needed to catch the tram to reach our destination. This was not very handicap friendly to our friend who cannot walk a long way.	
Jun 15 2008	Great off strip hotel	This was our 3rd visit to Vegas, so we tried a change from the strip hotels. The standard at the this hotel far exceeded what we expected given the price we paid.The room was huge, as was the bed. It was clean and well cooled. The corridor was actually too cold and we did get occasional noise from the corridor air conditioner.We used the casino restaurant quite a lot and never had a bad meal there, day or night. We saw a lot of staff members from the big strip casinos eating and playing there.Although we had a hire car we found the free shuttle to the strip convenient,this was free except we always tipped the driver.	
Jun 3 2008 	What a hotel.	I had great apprehensions about staying 'off-strip'. I almost cancelled the hotel and change to the Luxor. But I trusted the reviews on this site and I was rewarded for doing so.Let's start with the only negative, it is away from the Strip BUT it does have a complimentary shuttle that starts at 6am and runs until 1am from hotel to the Mandalay Bay at the Southern tip of the Strip. It runs about every 15 mins and is reliable. Now the Positives, very quick booking in time, about 5 mins or so from walking in the door. The rooms are Huuuuuuuuuuuuge!!! My wife and I had two queen beds, 42&quot; plasma screen, large wardrobe, loads of drawer space, a large bathroom with separate washroom and it's fully air conditioned. The rooms are solid and quiet. The pool area is very large with a seperate hot spa pool, and I mean hot!! It was like getting in the bath, but the spa jets were very welcoming. Plenty of non intrusive waitresses attending pool side.Inside is a full equestrian centre, a theatre, 16 screen cinema, 64 bowling lanes, a bingo hall, 8 restaurants bars galore and of course a Casino. The casino was just like any other casino, bright, loud and full of all the usual table games, slots and waitresses with very little on bringing cocktails.The restaurants were superb, with top class service, and reasonable prices. Some were 24hr if you needed a steak at 5am you could grab one no probs.We found the cinema a Godsend during the days when we had nothing planned and were waiting for the nightly shows. Being off strip the theatre and outside pool concerts were not upto the Strip standards but that's what the shuttle is for.If I ever travelled to Vegas again I would definately without question use South Point again. It was a real diamond.	
Jun 1 2008 	Enjoyable stay at the South Point	I recently stayed at the South Point and was very satisfied with every aspect of my stay. My husband and I did fairly well at the casino, the choice of restaurants are varied and reasonably priced, and our room was spacious with a large plasma t.v. I liked the pool area alot- also very spacious, clean, and pleasant. My husband and I had a massage at the spa and thought the whole experience was excellent. The spa had numerous enjoyable amenities which included robes and slippers, a jacuzzi and a cool pool, a eculyptus steam room and sauna, and a waterfall of super high pressure water to let fall on your shoulders or back. There also was a relaxation room with all types of non-alcoholic beverages, fruit, comfy chairs and a fireplace. Additonally, the hotel has movie theaters, a bowling alley, and an equestrian center. We stayed for there for 2 nights and never needed to leave the property. I highly suggest joining the slot club as they send promotions through the mail. I stayed on a promotion I received which included 2 nights for the price of one, a $20 food credit, a $10 slot credit, and 20% off spa services. It was an unbelievable value and we had a great time at the South Point. I highly recommend this hotel.For me, there was no downside but I am middle aged and appreciated the spaciousness and quiet. I am not sure this hotel would appeal to a 20-something who likes to go clubbing and be near the strip. This hotel is about 15 minutes from the strip.	
May 31 2008 	Great value but had some issues...	First off, let me just say what a great value this hotel is! It is definitely south of the strip but for less than $100 a night, it is worth the drive. We were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and quality of our room. The rooms are a little on the yellow side...the pictures do not exaggerate that. My only complaint is on our third night, we got stuck in the elevator with our 4 year old daughter. The operator on the other end of the elevator phone was very nice and kept in contact with us while the service guys tried to get the elevator functioning again. They tried in vain for about 15 minutes and my husband finally tried to pry the elevator doors open and was able to get them open(good thing he's a construction worker) and get us out. I don't know how long we would have waited if my husband hadn't taken the initiative to get the doors open. I was relieved because I'm pregnant and my bladder was getting full.Needless to say, the manager came to our room asked if we were okay and then promptly left. We were a little rattled but no worse for the wear but I was a little surprised that she wasn't a little more concerned. I honestly expected our stay to be comped or at least the situation addressed by management by the time we checked out but NOTHING. We had to ASK for some kind of compensation and the the desk clerk grudgingly went back to ask the manager and she took one meal off our room service bill.The service was lacking and my daughter is a little rattled about elevators, but if you are looking for economy this is your place. We will be staying somewhere else next time we come to Vegas.	
May 27 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	South Point really is a fantastic place to stay.The hotel is only a few years old so everything still feels nice and new.The rooms are lovely...huge with nice comfy beds.The food is great value and really quite good considering the low prices.The bowling alley is huge and is very cheap compared to the ones in the UK.The cinema is a great added extra.I fell lucky with the pool,because when i booked, the pool was closed and not due to re-open until 23rd May(2 days after my departure) due to construction work.However,it re-opened early and my son was delighted.It is a lovely heated pool and never got nowhere near crowded during our stay.It was nice to be able to chill out without the crowds.Be warned-----the jacuzzi pool is like stepping into a hot bath---quite strange in the middle of the desert.I diidnt go to Las Vegas for the gambling,but the casino seemed nice and light and airy.....not one hint of tobacco smoke.The hotel shuttle runs to the Mandalay Bay,with the last return trip at 1.30am.If you miss the shuttle the taxi fare from the Mandalay is around $15.I really cannot find anything negative to say about this hotel.I highly recommend it.p.s the construction work was just about completed during our stay.	
May 23 2008 	before you sleep tell the housekeeper to change the pillows or be paranoid....	i loved the new hotel atmosphere. right when you step into the hallway to the rooms, you can smell the new carpeting. that was the best part of the experience. however, when you stay over that's when you'll be discontent. when you sleep with stinky pillows, from them not changing the pillows daily, that ruins everything. you start getting paranoid as i was with the towels, to see if they really do wash them. since you're not there most of the time only to sleep, you won't notice these things until bedtime. by that time, there's no housekeeping around 1/2 am. especially when you're on a schedule, you don't wanna waste your day watching over the housekeepers to see if they do replace the towels/sheets after each guest leaves. my guess is that they probably don't since i got the smell.hope the next person's experience is a better experience than mines.	
May 21 2008	Nice room reasonable price	The room was spacious and very clean. The food was good. You're several miles from the strip, but they have shuttles if you don't have a car. Only issue was fan noise from the roof below our room. I booked this through i4vegas and got a pretty good discount.	
May 21 2008 	Wonderful!1	After an exhausting search for a honeymoon hotel it came to a toss up between the South Point, The Orleans or the Red Rock. We finally plumped for the South Point....and we are glad we did!!!The room was wonderful, a beautiful view of the mountains large and very clean. The hotel as a whole was also very clean, the staff very friendly and helpful check in and check out was very smooth.Excellent restaurants, wonderful room service and a great casino!We would definitely go back there again!!	
May 20 2008 	A Perfect Fit for our Vegas Vacation	As a first-timer to Vegas and a non-gambler, I was more excited about seeing the sites and experiencing the thrills.... from a distance. My husband found this hotel. We loved the price and appreciated that it was just a few minutes off of the strip.The hotel is enormous and even still it's growing. There was an entire wing still under construction. (The construction didn't disrupt our stay. We didn't hear a thing.) Our room was more than spacious, the bathroom was clean and stocked with Bath &amp; Body Works product. The bed was comfortable. The room was quiet. We over-looked the pool. But a couple weeks before the trip we were informed our rate dropped $10/night. When we arrived we realized why... the pool was closed. Darn. But it looked nice!We ate at Michael's. It was pricey -to say the least- but well worth it. We enjoyed our meals and the extra &quot;courses&quot; that we didn't expect (large relish tray while we cruised the menu, sorbet before the entree, and chocolate covered fruit with the check). It was truly high-class. Next time I won't wear jeans and flip-flops! Still the service treated us like we were royalty. Save your winnings and spend it here!	
May 19 2008 	Love this hotel!!	This is the third time that we have stayed at this hotel and we love it!The hotel is about 5 miles from the Strip, but as we don't go to Vegas for the casinos, it suits us fine. There is a regular shuttle from the hotel (every 15ish minutes) to the Mandalay Bay, so it's easy to get to the Strip.The rooms are large, modern and clean and all have a LARGE screened TV.There are several places to eat at the hotel, the breakfast and dinner are both excellent value.Staff have always been very helpful and friendly.The hotel is currently being extended (to include another 800 rooms), but even though we saw the builders accessing the stairwells, they did not pose any problems. There are notices apologising to guests for the presence of dust due to the building work.It's easy to get to the Car Rental Returns from the hotel, and there is also an airport shuttle.We will definitely use this hotel again!	
May 19 2008 	Low priced but several miles frin the main strip	This casino resort is located several miles south of the Las Vegas strip. Because of its location, a car or use of taxis is necessary if you really want to enjoy Vegas. The hotel does offer complimentary shuttle service to Mandalay Bay.The hotel is about 2 years old and the property is in good shape. Although advertised as “affordable luxury” (with the rooms at $53 it is definitely affordable), this is a 3 star resort and definitely lacks the charm of many of the strip properties. No themes or grand entrances. Check-in was quick during this midweek May stay. Staff was friendly. The workout facility ($10 per day) and the spa (another $5 per day) are above par with plenty of equipment in the gym. The men’s spa was clean and had what you would expect with a sauna, steam room and a couple of hot / cool tub options. The pool was closed for new construction. Although I did not seem them, there is an equestrian center, bowling alley and movie theater on site. There are several restaurant choices but only ate at Coronado’s Café (coffee shop) and the Del Mar Deli. Both were fair. There are several casino bars around but no real nightlife and no clubs. It looked like one of the casino bars was setup for a band but none was playing that I saw. Tried The Social House at TI for dinner and thought it was overpriced and not that great; ESPN Zone at NY NY is a great choice for bar type food and watching the games.The casino had plenty of $5 tables and it was easy to get a seat. Beverage service was also plentiful. The rooms are large and have nice HD TVs, comfortable bedding, a desk area and a decent sized bathroom. The view from the 6th floor was non-existent so if you want to see something out the window, you may want to go higher.Overall, this is a decent option for budget minded travelers that have a car and are willingly to head out for better dining and nightlife.	
May 16 2008 	Very nice 	I had originally planned on staying on the strip, but checked out this hotel when I found out it's new. New hotels are always nicer.Hotel is new about 2.5 years old &amp; nice. The casino is well-lit, the rooms are spacious &amp; well appointed. This hotel looks exactly like the pictures on its website &amp; photos other guests have posted.Registration is directly across the casino &amp; as previous guests have commented, you must go through the casino to get to the elevators to go up to your room. The casino is smoky as expected. However, if you're just wanting to go up to your room or leave the hotel, walking through the casino is not that bad.Parking is free &amp; you can park in the parkade or park outside in front of the hotel. We parked outside &amp; had no problems finding a spot. Valet parking is $9. Upon arrival there's Valet help in unloading &amp; taking luggage to your room. They take down your name, take your luggage &amp; give you a receipt. Once you've finished checking in &amp; are in your room, dial the Bell Desk from your phone &amp; they'll deliver your luggage.Upon checking in, you get a coupon book that has discounts for the restaurants, 2-for-1 buffet, free gift (3 gold-looking mardi gras bead necklaces), 10% off Seatle's Best coffee, etc. The 2-for-1 buffet was good. Chinese food at the Coronado cafe was very bad so avoid it. Food was too salty, had too much MSG (monosodium glutamate) &amp; didn't taste fresh at all. The won ton soup was so chewy that I though I was eating bubble gum, come on. Avoid Seatle's Best Coffee, the Phillipino ladies in the morning were extremely rude &amp; had poor customer service skills. Another customer saw one of them discreetly spit in someone's coffee after the guy complained she handed him the wrong coffee twice. Be careful if you decide to get coffee here. The bar at the casino also serves coffee, hot water, etc. &amp; it's free drinks (tip the waitress $1) if you're playing at the casino. There's a McDonalds a couple minutes North of the hotel, too.Sign up to receive the hotel's discount sent to your email address. Go to http://southpointcasino.com &amp; click the button on the bottom left of the screen &quot;Sign Up Now for Exclusive Email Offers&quot;. I had already made my reservation, but signed up anyway. About 2 weeks later, I received a discount code sent to my email address for 25% off the posted rate. I called reservation, mentioned the discount code &amp; they adjusted my rate. I got 1 room with 2 queen beds for $53/night weekdays &amp; $112.50/weekend. The posted rates were $73/night weekdays &amp; $150/night weekends. Not sure if the discount code (EDEAL28) still works, give it a try. Upon checking out, they gave me a coupon for 20% off the posted rate for a return visit. The discount code is BBK1106 &amp; expires June 30/08. Mention these discount codes when you make your reservation. I made my reservation on the hotel's website.The room is huge with 2 queen beds, a big LCD screen TV, a desk &amp; chair, a large dresser, coffee maker &amp; coffee. The bathtub &amp; toilet are in an enclosed room right behind the sink/vanity. Lots of counter space. There is no fan in the bathroom so you might want to leave the door open while taking a shower otherwise, all the steam will build up &amp; fog the mirror.Toiletries are from Bath &amp; Body Works. They include shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, lotion &amp; a bar soap. The shampoo, conditioner, shower gel &amp; lotion are large size for hotel toiletries (59 mL or 2 fl oz). For those who love Bath &amp; Body Works' products, the scent of toiletries is coconut lime verbena. It's a fresh lime smell &amp; not much of the coconut.The business centre has computers, but internet is $10.99/hour charged to your credit card. However, a couple minutes drive North of the hotel is the Clark County Library where you can check your email for free. There's a computer that allows 15 minutes access anytime or you could ask the librarian for a temporary card &amp; get 1 hour of free internet when booked in advanced.Next to the library, is Food 4 Less where you could get groceries &amp; water. Next to that is the Las Vegas Outlet Centre &amp; a strip mall with restaurants.The hotel, despite being South of the strip is convenient &amp; not super busy. We rented a car &amp; it took about 20 minutes from the hotel to the North end of the strip (The Wynn hotel). It took about 15 minutes to get to the airport. I did notice guests smoking in the elevators &amp; on non-smoking floors despite signs that said no smoking. The Bell Desk can loan wheelchairs for use within the hotel for free. It's $25/week if the wheelchair is taken out of the hotel.I highly recommend this hotel because it's new, very clean &amp; the rooms are wonderful. Ask for a roomaway from construction to avoid the noise. I didn't hear anything except for some hammer pounding sound for about 5 minutes one morning. The hotel is adding 800 more rooms so if you're staying here later in the year, ask for the newer room &amp; it will probably be even better.If you want to avoid the casino &amp; smoke altogether, stay at new Hilton Garden Inn a couple minutes North of this hotel near the Las Vegas Outlet Centre. It has no casino &amp; includes fridge/microwave in the room, but I think the rate is higher than what South Point charges. Do try the buffet at Spice Market restaurant in the Miracle Miles shop at Planet Hollywood. It's $17.99/person for lunch &amp; it's very yummy. There's Asian, Mexican, Japanese, Indian, Italian cuisine, salad bar, seafood, ribs, soup, desserts. There's a lot of variety &amp; it was one of the best meals we had in Vegas.	
May 15 2008 	Good Choice	We were in Vegas for the Interop Convention held at Mandalay Bay. Last year we stayed at Mandalay and were very disappointed - long check in, couldn't get near the pools, worn room, TV in bathroom didn't work, lots of noise from hallway, etc. definitely not worth the price. So, this year we decided to stay off the strip as we always rent a car so that was not a problem. SP does have shuttles to the strip and airport. Check in was a breeze and we were given a coupon book plus we got extra points at the slot club since both our birthdays were in April and we stayed there during our birthday month. Plus they had a members promotion going on one day and we got 2 T-shirts and a nice Thermos set. The staff were extremely friendly and service oriented. We checked in early and they put us in a room away from the construction. Not much of a view but the room was quiet and like new with a large, flat screen TV. Another nice feature was that the bathtub/shower and toilet are in a separate room from the vanity/sink area so we could both get ready at the same time. The only negative was that the pool was closed due to the construction but it is supposed to be open for the summer.We used a coupon from the book for a 2 for 1 breakfast buffet which was good. We also shared a huge sandwich at the Deli one day which was very good. They also had gigantic pastries. The dinner buffet was just average. One morning we had breakfast in the Del Mar Cafe which was also very good. They also have a Steakhouse and Mexican restaurant which we never got to try. The Sports Book had 75 cent Vienna hot dogs.There are numerous bars with nightly entertainment. We had originally planned to go to the Bill Medley/Paul Revere and the Raiders show but had a change in plans.The casino has ample slot machines and tables with low limits. Quite a few times the whole place would be humming when we walked in from the parking garage and we would just have to stop and play and it paid off nicely a few times.South Point is definitely not suffering from the cutbacks, rude employees and low payouts I keep reading about at the Strip casinos. For 1/4 the price of what we'd have paid for Mandalay this was a real deal and we'd definitely stay here again.	
May 12 2008	*****Awesome hotel and ammenities!!!	Gorgeous rooms, all you need under one roof for entertainment, great buffet, convenient shuttle service to the strip. We had a great time here, highly recommended!!	
May 10 2008 	Large beautiful rooms	We stayed at South Point for only one night while travelling through Vegas. It was very convenient for us being south of the strip and just off the interstate. We didn't have any delay checking in but then we also got there about 11 pm. Our room had already been charged to our card and there was a record of that so we had absolutley no problem with registration. The room was just as we expected, only better. New, large, beautful. Lovely toiletries in the bathroom. Bath was separate from sink and toilet - very smart idea! It was very quiet - didn't hear a thing from any where and I am a very light sleeper. In this age of the internet, folks should not be surprised by what they do or do not find in the rooms. The hotel web site is very clear about what is included. We could have used a fridge but knew ahead of time there wasn't one so no complaints from me for the lack of one! We ordered up room service. It was fast, the food was very good (and we are picky eaters) and the staff person was very professional. I would comment that folks who are staying longer might want to request a room change if they get a room in the front on the first few floors. You don't have a view at all - you are behind the front wall of the hotel! It didn't matter for us - we found it funny. I can understand the complaints from folks about the casino and smoke and registration being all in one place. That would be my only negative about this hotel. If you can get passed that, you will have a lovely big new room in a beautiful hotel. Earlier in this same holiday we stayed for 4 days in another hotel in Vegas and toured around most of the big properties. The one thing that we really liked was the stunning beautful lobbies. If this hotel had bothered to do that, I would have rated it a 5.	
May 6 2008 	This is the place to stay from now on	I was so impressed with our stay. We checked in on a Sunday for one night. Check in was a little slow, but we have found this is true with other Vegas hotels. The room was amazing. The bed is so soft and the pillows are great - I wanted to take them home! The bathroom is very nice with a BIG counter and a separate toilet/shower area. There is a phone in the bathroom too! Fancy.The Internet is $11.99 for 24 hours. We got a coupon book at check-in which included 2-1 buffet, free cocktail, and discounts at almost all the restaurants.The TV was a large flat screen and had great quality, but not quite HD.The bathroom amenities are Bath and Body Works and smell great. There was also a coffee maker with coffee and tea packets. We had better luck gambling here than any other casino. Overall we had a great stay and plan on coming back!	
May 2 2008 	"It has everything"	The hotel is about 2 years old. HUGE – BEAUTIFUL hotel that’s off the strip(5 miles from Mandalay Bay). My boyfriend and I stayed for 3 days 2 nights. We arrived early and the room was not ready, we left our bags with the bell hop - very friendly. The hotel offered free shuttles to and from the airport. &quot;PLUS!&quot; They also offered free shuttles to and from Mandalay Bay. &quot;PLUS, PLUS!&quot;The casino was decent with a handful of $5 tables - no biggie. But plenty of slot machines to choose from. Here are the perks: movie theatre, bowling alley, arcades, kid’s area, pool, spa, huge horserace area, about 5 restaurants and bars scattered around.The buffet was well priced and decent selection of food. The hotel had coupons - 2 for 1 and free wine with your dinner. We loved the oyster bar. A bit pricey but well worth it. Small gift shop.Check in was not until 3-- the front desk said our room was available and checked us in early. The staff was very professional and courtesy. The room was not bad. We had a room on the 17th floor, the second to the last room at the end of the hallway. It was a long walk for someone drinking too much. Nice size bathroom, two full size bed with a wall mounted TV(that blew me away), iron w/board, alarm clock, coffee machine, blow driver and large mirrors. The beds were VERY COMFORTABLE with nice bedding and awesome pillows. LOVED the toiletries and a ton of extra towels.Housekeeping was great, our beds made, clean towels and trash thrown every morning. NO COMPLAINTS HERE.....I highly recommend this hotel &amp; casino…. HEY, I’M WILLING TO COME BACK ANYTIME, who wouldn’t with all the amenities.	
May 2 2008	Fairly nice...but under construction right now..	Nice from outside. Nice interior in lobby and casino area.Most casino's are dark but this one is well lit . Very good price for the room on line at their website. Pool is closed due to construction. They sent email after I reserved on line. Renovation is in progress at the hotel and planned to continue for a couple more months. Checkin and Checkout were very slow. Only one person checking in people. Room was very noisy and heard a windy noise by the door all night. The door was not secure so a constant windy noise kept me awake. I called engineering and they said it was outside wind. I ended up putting a towel under the door and the noise went away. The electrical circuits were not working in my room. I reported that too. Seemed like the new construction caused some of these problems. Parking is good. No high rise structures to navigate. Good handicapped parking too. Good buffet and restaurants. Reasonably priced and away from main strip. Good shopping nearby. Movie theatres and bowling are also part of the hotel so you don't need to go out to find things to do. Good for family travelers.	
Apr 28 2008	Attempted false billing charges at checkout-- AVOID THIS HOTEL!!	Avoid this hotel! They tried to add a false room service charge to my bill at checkout. I said I never ordered room service &amp; their response was they had to charge me anyways. If on further investigation they found it wasn't my charge, they would remove. THIS IS EXACTLY BACKWARDS! You don't charge if the customer disputes, you find your computer error first and charge later. This is becoming a trend in Las Vegas, check your bills closely on checkout!	
Apr 24 2008 	Not what we expected	After reading such great reviews, I was disappointed. More staff is definitely needed at registration as we were made to wait 20-30 minutes to check in. For a hotel that is supposed to be so new, I wasn't impressed. The only redeeming feature to our room was the plasma TV. The blanket on our bed had a hole in it. The handle to the very cheaply made dresser was almost hanging off. Everything about the room (except for the TV) was disappointing. Our window kept making this odd rattling noise every once in a while likely caused by the wind. We decided to make the best of it that night but we did check out a day early. Dinner at Silverado Steak House was very good and very good value - we were both impressed by our meals and the wonderful attentive service in this restaurant. Not having a pool was also a factor something which we should have checked out beforehand. My suggestion is that you can do better on the strip if you do your research.	
