Nov 11 2009 	Wonderful stay great location good size clean room friendly staff	I highly recommend the Gold Spike. We got a great deal at $9 a night during the week and $17 for weekend because of renovation, which was not a problem. We stayed 8 nights and had a fabulous time. The hotel is clean, the room was a good size and the staff friendly and helpful. Just $4.99 for a 12 oz steak at the Gold Spike restaurant was a good dead. Location is great - just one block to the Deuce bus which runs 24 hrs and takes you to the strip, and just one block from fun Freemont Street. We were in Vegas for our daughter's wedding (they got married by Elvis at the Graceland Chapel). They chose to stay at the Flamingo on the Strip. We loved being downtown because it was less hectic. They enjoyed a stay at the Gold Spike on the last night because they were sick of the Strip.	
Aug 9 2009 	Best Time Ever	My family and I visit Las Vegas at least once a year my parents about 4 times a year. We decided to do a family casino crawl and our second stop was GOLD SPIKE....lets just say our &quot;crawl&quot; ended their....we had a great time with the staff and the other people in the Casino. Gene was an excellent server and was running all over the place to help everyone....Rita was a riot and such a nice lady she brought out my family of 7 and 3 friends 2 huge plates of wings and some cake for free. We also were given T-shirts...overall the fun was the best part about this place...Great people, great time.....&quot;WE LOVE THE GOLD SPIKE&lt; WE LOVE THE GOLD SPIKE&quot; Next time in Vegas I will be back!!!!!	
Jul 16 2009 	How can you not love the Spike?	My friends and I have been traveling to Las Vegas over the course of the last month for work. We are not really into the high dollar casinos and are were just looking for a decent place to play cards. We stumbled upon the Gold Spike by accident…it was the $3 Sexy Blackjack sign that drew us in. What is $3 Sexy Blackjack, basically it is $3 minimum Blackjack dealt by pretty young girls in tight black shorts and white t-shirts. Since that first night we have been going back twice or three times a week and have gotten to know the staff pretty well. Here is the long and short of it. The dealers are pretty, nice and will talk to you. This is unlike the Asian drones at most of the other casinos in town. There are three Blackjack tables and a roulette table, so talking with and getting to know the dealers and pit bosses is very easy. We have spent some quality time with pit bosses Susan, Peter, and Rita, and the great dealers Nicole, Sasha, Tina, Mimi, and others. Contrary to the one review Rita is very cool. Mark the manager who has been there every night we have, is one of the most professional and patient people that I have come across. Hey it’s a casino people get drunk and obnoxious, but Mark handles them with respect and patience. I have not stayed at the hotel and don’t plan to…I am a Hilton points snob, but I will continue to go the Spike to gamble with my new found friends. So if you head in and find Susan tell her that Keith, Joe, and Dave sent you.	
Jul 7 2009 	Everytime I visit the place is getting better.	We stayed there for a couple of nights over the New Years holiday (2009) and enjoyed our stay. We new ahead of time that the place was under renovation and we are very familiar with Downtown. My only complaint then was that our room showed wear and tear from years of use. I wasn't moldy, filthy, bad smelling or infested. Just old. We just finished up another trip to Vegas for July 4th and stopped be to check things out. A lot of progress has been made and it's looking better. They still have work to do but I'm considering staying again for New Years. All I can say about those that complain about the neighborhood is this, The front entrance is only one block away from the south end of The Fremont St Experience! Two trips - pleasant both times.	
Jun 29 2009	Avoid Rita the Pit Boss at all costs	A friend has a blogsite and also writes for CasinoGuide in Las Vegas. He was impressed with Gold Spike and the upgrades and suggested we all go there for a night of fun on Friday, June 26th. Not only did he okay our large group of 15-20 people but verified it THREE times with management.We showed up in two limos at approximately 9 p.m. Friday night. Mind you, we are a fun group, tip to excess, and laugh our butts off even while losing. One pit boss RITA found our group to be a little too overwhelming. She went as far as to repirimand our tour guide for not giving HER a heads up that we would show up. In addition, she told one gentleman in our group that she would not have her cocktail waitresses &quot;disrespected&quot;. If tipping them $25 per round and making them laugh their butts off is &quot;disrespecting&quot;, RITA has more issues than just being a dried up old woman.It seemed to be common knowledge among the other employees that RITA was a liability and ruining what should have been a very profitable night for them. She actually closed the blackjack pit at midnight!!! I thought I was back in Central City, Colorado!In closing let me say ALL other employees were great! Peter (one of the other pitbosses), Jamie (a dealer), and everyone else. I will be writing a letter to the owner/management at the Gold Spike regarding RITA's assinine behaviour. In this economy, employees like her are worthless andn a huge liability to aany company.Karen from Denver	
Jun 29 2009 	NOT EVEN IF ITS FREE	if you dont mind MOLD and FILTY AMOSTPHER this was the worst hotel ever there was MOLD on the walls by the bed and MOLD on the ceiling and in the bathrooms the floors was filty never mopped and called to have room service to clean what a joke the tub lift the tub matt surprize MOLD again then when you see the bedroom you cant even walk on the carpet from taking a bath it was so dirty visit room 507 for yourself no picture wish i did but i didnt want to waste my time its that bad i changed rooms before this 2 time they was the same but smelly really funky	
Jun 8 2009 	Gold Spike=Dump!	Stayed at the Gold Spike for the weekend Friday-Sunday worst hotel experience of my life. The room was a dump very old, dirty ,tv didn't work leak in the tub and and it just looked run down and smelled horrible. They shouldn't rent these rooms for ANY price they couldn't pay ME to stay in them again. Save your money and book a hotel at a decent place in a nicer area.	
Jun 6 2009 	Stop your whining about the Gold Spike	You can get a room at this place for about $14.99 a night in a package deal, maybe less by now. No it's not for everyone; that SHOULD BE apparent by the price. But we have the usual moaning on here by people that think a hotel that costs 25% of the price of a HOSTEL in cities like NYC or San Fran should be above the quality of a Motel 6. Give me a break.I'm a single female &amp; I do agree that the area is a bit sketch but if you do like me and follow a touristy group walking west to the main touristy part of Fremont Street there's no reason to fear this part of the city. I have stayed further EAST and that gets much more frightening.I needed a clean bed and a shower. i got that here. The food is insanely cheap it's not the healthiest but what do you expect for $1.99? Go someplace fru-fru, pony up a few more dollars, stay on the South Strip if you can't hack it here. There's a gazillion hotels in LV. If you're scared of the Spike there's LOTS of alternatives.	
May 28 2009 	security sucks	my friend and i stayed at the spike for one night, we arrived early afternoon the casino,bar and restaurant are very clean, which is very impressive considering the way the outside looks. we had gambled at the bar most of the day and the bartenders are wonderful.When my friend and i were returning to our room in the early morning, we were harrassed by security, a very rude man named ED. He made us feel like we were low lifes. I have never been treated like this at any hotel. We then checked out that day and finished our stay at the plaza. Your security needs to treat people with more respect	
May 21 2009 	Gold Spike is great deal but need a strategy	The Gold Spike was a great deal . . . once I found a room that didn't have odor and had a working air conditioner. The people at the front desk were cooperative and it got done.STRATEGY - before you unpack your luggage 1.) check for odor. 2.) be sure cooling element works on a/c unit 3.) check the shower head for good pressure. 4.) check TV. 5.) lights A room switch at this point is fast and easy.PRICE - What a deal! fri- $30, sat-$30 , sun-$20, mon- $20 + tax = $111ROOM 421 - good a/c, good shower head, good kg bed, good overstuffed chair.DINER - friendly people, yummy specials. Eat them. Bisquits and Gravy $1.29 (11pm-6am) Steak and Eggs $4.95 (11pm-6am), Steak &amp; Shrimp $7.77 all time. Ham and Eggs $3.99 all the time.BAR - cheap! 99c frozen drinks $1.50 scooners of beerCOUPONS - use them $5 bj matchplay, drawing, 10% off foodCASINO - remodelled, but 1970s style penny slots are gone, but where have all the winos gone?RESTROOM in CASINO - high quality remodel and clean.BUS STATION - easy 4 minute walk. Return to Airport for $1.75.FREEMONT EXPERIENCE - easy 2 minute walk. Lots of FREE bands this summer under Freemont Experience - Rare Earth, Three Dog Night, Jefferson Starship, Canned Heat, 5th Demension, Big Brother and the Holding Company, Bill Haley's CometsNegatives:TV only 3 channels, one snowyLamp had broken 0n/Off switchLight Bulbs (40W) too dull to read a newspaperSlow shower drain, but workableUsing my strategy, given cheap rate . . . I'll return again.Ken from Kansas City	
May 4 2009 	get what you pay for	if you are looking for a place to gamble it is perfect... but to sleep..you get what you pay for. As many deals as there are stay somewhere else until remodel is complete. The rooms were not done yet. Our room although clean was loud, had only two tv channels with no remote or power button , scaffolding outside the window which banged against the window all night with the wind and our power was knocked out. Funny as it was at the time there are plenty of hotels that offer the same rates. Construction starts early in the morning if you stay mon- fri. It is close to freemont, and parking is very close. staff was friendly.	
Apr 8 2009 	In Contruction	To be honest, I held my breath when I entered my room because of the neighborhood I was in (downstown) and expected mystery stains, funky smells and a creaky bed for the price I paid......howeverrrrrrrrrr, I was pleasantly surprised and laughed at myself for the deal I had gotten. Though it's going through a renovation right now, the rooms are quite clean and pillows are nice and fluffy. Great value even though I didn't get a remote control and TV only has about 2 visible channels plus my bedside lamp was missing a bulb. I did notice most of the female card dealers and waitresses are cute 20 year olds!	
Mar 9 2009 	old spike gets a new look	Stayed at the Gold Spike bc I love the Freemont St area of Vegas. Was surprised to see that the inside of the casino has been renovated and looks pretty good. The rooms are not yet renovated but once they are I is not sure how any other hotel downtown will be able to compete. Stop in for the 1.99 breakfast. You won't be disappointed.	
Apr 29 2008	Downtown is a 2 block walk through the ghetto	I stayed at the Golden Spike one night. I had stayed in Vegas for a week at the Golden Nugget and Luxor. Our flight was delayed and I tried the Plaza, they were booked, but offered the Golden Spike (one of their sister proprities). Since money was tight, the price was right. However, the Spike is 2 blocks from Freemont Street, which means you must walk through the ghetto to get downtown. Also, the room was disgusting, yellowed, old, no remote for the TV, water was dirty and didn't work properly and there were quite a few scary characters. I don't suggest this hotel, basically you get EXACTLY what you pay for and then some. As a recommendation from the Plaza, I was disappointed, but I should have known better when I heard the price.	
Apr 27 2008	It's really not as bad as everyone says...	My friend and I had to find a hotel the very last minute and I happened to stumble upon this hotel on Expedia. The price was just right for an overnight stay. I read all the reviews here so I came here knowing that it may not be all that. So it wasn't. But surprisingly, it was pretty good too.So here's my take on it...REGISTRATION/CASINO AREA:There's only one way in and out of this place; through the front door. Registration is in the back past the 4 rows of slot machines. All the broken slots are lined up by registration in front of the security desk which is an actual desk. Yes, there are no more table games either. But the signs outside say that a New Gold Spike is Coming Soon! We got there and there was someone sitting in the back who looked like she was about to fall asleep. I think i may have woken her up not seeing the sign on the counter that says &quot;Will be back in 15 minutes&quot;. Haha. This is a first for a hotel/casino. But that was fine with us. We just walked back to the bar and got a couple of $1 beers while we watched a basketball game on TV. All the TVs are still CRT. The crowd is filled with locals waiting to go to work drinking beer. They were fun to hang out with while we were waiting for the registration desk to open. About half an hour later we went back and the lady at the front desk was very nice. She can even write upside down which was pretty cool. It was a totally different person than the one who was napping in the back. (NOTE: everyone staying in the hotel has to show their ID. You also have to get a parking pass which is free.)THE ROOM:We got our room for $55. You walk in and it smells like disinfectant but that goes away once you get used to it. The TV has about 4 channels available (no cable) and you have to put a $10 deposit on a remote if you'd like to borrow one. There's no iron/ironing board. There really is no closet. There's a long bar near the door to hang your clothes. There's also an armoire where the TV is. It's just fine for a couple days. The A/C is old and it's just enough to cool your room to room temperature. The beds are comfortable. In the bathroom you'll find conditioning shampoo and soap. That's it. The water pressure for the shower is surprisingly strong.So go down to the casino, win a few bucks and this place is paid for. There are at least 2 security guards at night outside the hotel. I didn't see one scary person outside at all at 2AM when I got back to the room.Overall, it's a pretty good place to stay for a night when you'd rather use your money for other things while you're in LV. The people here are nice too! Check it out!	
Mar 30 2008	You're stayin' in the ghetto when you stay at the gold spike	This place is foul! Absolutely the worst hotel and casino you can get in the area! Disgusting in every way. Crack heads, hookers, and people you don't want to meet are here. Loosers and users hang out here. I was terrified my car was going to get broken into. The casino is a dirty joke, I would never want to touch any machine in the place. The room had no phone or remote control... need to deposit money to get those. No ice bucket because there is no ice machine, unlocking window which made me super nervous about leaving my room. No mirror on the wall because the druggies stole it. Dirty shower/ bathroom with a tub/shower whose drain barely works. Water is up to your knees in just a few minutes. This is by far the seediest hotel I have ever stayed in. I only stayed 12 hours, and I will NEVER be back. The only people who will enjoy this hotel are people who come from and are used to the ghetto. It truly is like a little piece of compton right there in vegas.	
Feb 22 2008	Love the Spike!!!!!!	My then Boyfriend and I drove up to get married... found the Spike,the staff was very helpful the drinks are a buck and the room was very clean and comfortable . We only stayed long enough to get hitched but we are going back this week and staying there again . For 27$ you can't beat the Spike for a place to crash in between partying on the strip.Love the Spike!!!!!!!	
Feb 15 2008 	Great if your on a tight budget	This is about as cheap of a room as your gonna find in Las Vegas.The Good- low rates, friendly staff, clean room, nothing fancy but at the price, I can not complain. Downstairs is a casino and a cafe, where you can get good food really cheap. This hotel is in the heart of the downtown Fremont Experience and within walking distance of the bus depot, the greyhound station, and the bus to the strip. It's a small place, and is a more downscale than staying on the strip, but if your one too spend less on a hotel and keep more in your pocket for fun, than this is the place for you. Good parking also.The bad- not on the strip, but downtown. No extras, not fancy. But I really have no complaints. If your wanting a cheap room, remember that you get what you pay for, so don't complain about this place, because for the price, it is not bad at all.	
Feb 3 2008 	Good hotel.	Good hotel for the money...close to Freemont and the bus stop. Hotel was well lit on the inside. My non smoking room had no trace of smoke smell in it. The restaurant was great...closed a little early but that was okay. The front desk staff was friendly. My only complaint was that there were no aminities...such as extra toothbrushes, toothpaste or shuttle service to the airport. They also didn't have any complimentary wireless internet. Overall the hotel was good. I will stay there again when I come back to Vegas...unless I strike it rich! This hotel is perfect for someone who is in Vegas on a budget!!!	
Dec 30 2007	Good Times at Gold spike	My Husband And I Stayed At The Gold Spike On A Thursday we had a good time Gambling the staff was nice and parking was a breeze. We will Stay here again.	
Oct 13 2007 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	I am very suprised that Expedia list this hotel as it is appalling.I arrived at 6pm (check in was from 3pm) but was told my room was not ready. I asked if there was anywhere to leave my luggage while I went for a drink and waited, I was told there was no where. So I was left standing in the grottiest casino in town surrounded by the dead beats in the casino. I asked again after 20 mins and the unhelpful, unsmiling desk guy said he would give me another room. I eventually went up to it and to be fair for what it cost it was ok. I opened the curtains to see the back of 5 airconditioning units and several filters that had been left on the roof.I kept the curtains closed for the rest of my stay. There was a TV but no remote control.Everytime I went out or came back I had to walk through the horrible dirty casino. It was always full of dodgy looking low life. The hotel is only 1 block from Fremont Street which is why I chose it but beware there are many homeless bums in this area.When I checked out I asked them to phone a cab for me but suprise suprise it never arrived. I don't think they ever rang one. I walked round the corner &amp; hailed my own cab.One night I did have a bit of fun splatting a huge cockroach on the wall of my room with my shoe. I left it there for them to clean up but they never bothered.Take my advice there are plenty more cheap hotels in town that are better than this one. Give it a miss.	
Sep 23 2007 	Wooooooooo! Vivaaaaaaa Las Vegas :-D	Me and my friends had a blast! Awesome employees, cheap 1 $ shots and beers. Really close to Freemont St. Free parking! We didn't go to LV to sit in our room so while it wasn't like the hilton or whatever, who cares! Cheap price.. like 110 for 3 nights? I'd def. stay here again	
Aug 31 2007 	Not great	It took 45 minutes of waiting in line before we checked in, there were 2 people ahead of us. The man at the desk was a little off, like he was hallucinating. Once we got to the elevator it took 10 minutes to get in it. The hallways were very dark and musty, not really dirty with trash everywhere, but more like they hadn't been cleaned in several years, just picked up garbage here and there. Wallpaper was coming off walls. There was a ketchup stain on the bed comforter. The lighting in the room was also pretty dim. The windows were small and ours looked out onto the parking lot so we could see our truck. The whole atmosphere smelled like cigarettes and coffee. I guess I shouldn't have expected more from downtown Vegas. We chose this place over the strip because we had never stayed downtown before, I don't know if I ever will again, but definitely not at this hotel.	
Aug 18 2007 	Reasonable	When you get to the front desk, you are not sure of what to expect!because it looks so so....But the price is great, the room is reasonable. Good bed, cleaness ok. At the end a good deal.....	
Aug 11 2007 	Awful	The reservations were not right, they would not cooperate with us. We booked 6 rooms for a wedding that weekend. Personnel were extremely rude.	
May 31 2007 	not as bad as people say...	This place was not as bad as people are saying it was. NOT NEARLY as bad. We booked for a whole week. May 2nd-May 9th and it was only 247 dollars...FOR THE WHOLE WEEK. I arrived there near midnight and the parking area was well lit. and i didnt see homeless people walking around like others have said. I am a woman and i didnt feel threatened at all, and i was by myself. You walk in to the casino and see all the electronic game machines and a big security booth right by the front doors. I checked in at the front desk and people were very helpful and polite. It did smell of smoke, but it was tolerable. Elevators worked nicely. Got to my room and I was expecting the worst after reading some of the reviews up here. But to my surprise my room didnt smell horrible as others have said and the room was clean. The air worked just fine. the tv DID only have 3 channels but i wasnt there to watch tv. In the room there was a round table with two chairs, a stand with the tv on it. a dresser another big oversized chair, two night stands and a bed. The restroom was smaller but did what it was needed for. The pluming is slow there but it never once got backed up...it was just slow. Wireless was available from this thing called cheetah network. You pre pay...we payed 30 dollars for the week, but u can pay by the hour or day if you'd like... and it was a decent connection. The bar was small...but useful and very inexpensive. we got two large drinks both with over 4 alcohols each for only 5 dollars. you cant find that anywhere else in vega. Plus shots and beers were only 1 dollar. The diner was sooo good. and very affordable. open 24 hours its convinient. THe first night we got cheese burgers and fries and drinks for only 8 somthing. and the cheese burgers were sooo big and good. everything we tried there was good and very affordable. we didnt eat one bad meal there. the hot dogs were HUGE for only 2 dollars and the breakfasts were big and yummy for only a little bit more... so over all it was 300 times better then i expected. the people were really nice and polite, and freemont street was 1 minute walking distance away. so was 24 hour walgreens. also what made it so worth it was a bus you can catch right infront of fremont street that takes u directly to the strip and stops at every hotel and comes ever 10 minutes. for only 5 dollars a day u can ride as much as you wnat up and down the strip. the bus was roomy and had two levels. VERY awesome.no doubt that i would spend another week at the gold spike. I attached some pictures. some of them are taken after we already messed up the room mind you lol. but you get the point.	
May 4 2007 	Looks can be decieving!	When we first arrived me where like &quot;Oh no.&quot; The front desk clerk was slow and really weird. After checking in finally, we went to our hotel room and it was what we expected. If you've stayed in a Motel 6, its just like that. The room was clean and the bed weren't hard as a brick! It was a bit worn down but good for what we needed. You can't beat $32 a night for Friday and Sat.! The only downfall is the hotel doesn't have cable and we ony had 3 channels. I thought this was going to be a problem for me but it wasn't since we where barely in our room. I honestly would have liked cable since I might have stayed in the room more and not lost so much money gambling. All in all, it was a great place to crash and take a shower. I would stay again just for the price! Don't expect a Marriott but if you're OK with a Motel 6 type of place with no cable TV - this is the place for you!!!!	
Apr 24 2007 	Great experience at the Gold Spike saved a ton of $$$	Booked on Travelworm ... By far the cheapest hotel in Vegas at $140 for 3 nights on a very busy weekend (from what I understand, $90 for 3 nights isn't uncommon at the Spike)PARKING: There are two lots; one just to the right of the Gold Spike, and one behind it. The one to the right is flanked by Ogden Road, Las Vegas Blvd, and another motel. Security periodically walks this lot. The back lot is right in front of the security trailer and seemed more secure to me. The two guards I talked to were both friendly. Parking passes are required, and they seemed to chase off loiterers. I did not feel unsafe leaving valuables here.CASINO: The casino is small, and has only electronic machines. There are no table games. There is a smoky aroma to the whole place, but nowhere near where the other reviews are making it out to be. If you've ever gone into the home of someone who smokes indoors, its like that. The jackpots are small; at one point, they announced the winner of a progressive slot machine at $211. There are two entrances, with a security booth between them. The bar is to the far right, the diner to the rear-right, and the hotel check in directly in the middle of the casino and all the way towards the back. I gambled about $40 here and the odds seemed pretty bad. There are a lot of locals, but most are friendly blue-collar folks looking for some cheap gaming. The casino has a &quot;Copper Mine,&quot; which is actual slot/video machines that take pennies. There is a soda machine and a snack machine, and waitresses dressed in regular street clothing were walking around comping drinks. BAR: The bar is pretty small, but the allure is that it's dirt cheap. 15oz Coors draft is $1. They also offer $1 Pucker- or flavored Vodka shots. They offer Pina Coladas and Daquiris for $1 as well, each about 12oz in a plastic cup. They are a full bar, so you can order about anything you want, but for the price i'd stick with the dollar menu. You won't find drinks any cheaper on Fremont Street or on the StripDINER: The diner at the Gold Spike is _awesome_. They're 24 hours and serve basic but hearty food. The first night I stayed there, i went down for the &quot;Ham Steak and Eggs&quot; meal which was $2.99. The ham steak measured probably 10-12 inches across, with two eggs, two pieces of toast, and hash browns. For under 3 bucks, thats a steal. The second night I had their breakfast special, which was like the other, but came with two huge sausage patties instead of ham, and was $1.99. I ordered both of these between 2 and 3am, and the cook and cashier were both very polite. The food was delicious, and I would eat there again without hesitation. They also serve spaghetti, burgers, hot dogs, fish and chips, and a few other 'American' style foods.HOTEL ROOM: The hotel room was spartan but clean; if you've stayed at a Motel 6 or a Super 8, this was a step up (albeit a small step). There is a small table with two chairs, a large king-sized bed (2 queens in some rooms), two mini-closets, a three-drawer dresser, and a 19&quot; television which only picks up about 5 local stations. There is also a desk and chair, but no internet access or writing tablets/pens. The window does open about 8 inches for circulation, and the air conditioning unit worked just fine. Flanking each side of the bed were small tables, which both had a lamp on them, and a telephone on one. I did not use the phone so i cannot comment on the clarity or reliability. The carpet is pretty run down and the paint isnt exactly gleaming, but the room was very clean and presentable upon check-in. I saw no bugs or grime, and the bathroom was clean and stocked with an extra roll of toilet paper, two bars of soap, a bottle of shampoo, and two of each: towels/handtowels/washclothes. From my room (501; 5th floor, farthest room on the left) i had a view of Ogden Road, and the Fremont Hotel. I heard very minimal noise from surrounding rooms, and the doors do have 2 locks; a chain lock and a deadbolt. I felt very secure in the room the entire stay. With some new carpet and new paint the room would have looked awesome. The maid was friendly and made a point to learn my name and asked me each morning if I'd like my room made up, as she was usually a room or two down when i left to go gamble. SURROUNDINGS: One block over on 3rd street and Ogden there's a great bar called &quot;Sidebar&quot; which is pretty swanky for this area. Next to it is an awesome restraunt for burgers, Triple George, and near that is a biker bar called Hogs and Heiffers. Lots of action and people around this little strip of bars, and I spent a good portion of my nights there. A 3 minute walk from the casino lobby gets you to Fremont Street. Left on Fremont is Hennessey's Bar, which is also a great irish pub. Jillian's is across from Hennessey's if you're in to pool or bowling. CONCLUSION: $29 a night? Sign me up. Cheap and excellent food, dirt cheap drinks, centrally located, and safe. The Spike isn't for people who like to be pampered; don't expect room service or lavish rooms. But, if you can handle self sufficiency and dont want to pay too much, the Spike is for you. I will absolutely stay here again.	
Mar 30 2007 	Good Value	We were splitting our trip between Vegas and Laughlin and decided that this place was cheap and worth a try. We have always stayed on the strip in the past and were curious about downtown so it worked out well.When we got there they put us in a standard room, although I had booked a &quot;suite&quot;. After going back down and talking to the 1 person doing registrations they put us in the right room. To apologize for the error they charged me the cheaper rate for the 4 nights that we were there.The room itself was on the threadbare side. It was well worn but clean. Could certainly do with a coat of paint and some new carpet but... The room was fairly large with a balcony, not much of a view though. They were also putting new mattresses in the rooms while we were there.The casino was dirty with a fairly rough looking bunch gambling in there. While my wife didn't like it we had no troubles at all. They also have several security guards around all of the time. We even won a few bucks on their machines.The diner has seen better days but if you are a little adventurous the food can't be beat at their prices. Real plates would be nicer than the paper ones that they use but oh well.The location is only a couple blocks from Fremont Street but with the Lady Luck closed they are fairly dark blocks at night. That being said we made the trip several times on foot with no problems. In fact, we had more people stopping us for change on the strip than downtown.Finally the parking. While the lot is small and behind the hotel they have cameras and security in the lot most of the time. Plus, on the weekends and some nights, they have a guard in the lot making sure that you are gambling or staying at the hotel before they let you park. As a result we always had a parking spot.So to sum it all up we had a good time and would certainly consider staying here again if we were staying downtown. This hotel casino certainly isn't for everyone but if you have a sense of adventure it might be worth a try.	
Jan 7 2007 	For $45bucks on a Friday!!!!!	Dont get sacred away from a truely cheap place to stay in downtown Vegas. The rates monday thru thursday arent much of a deal but on the weekends, when everbody else jacks up thier room rates by $125 a nite the SPIKE SHINES. The Casino is very seedy and dump, but my room was clean and fair. TV remote was missing but there was plenty of hot water and a comfortable bed. Plenty of nice security people and checkin and checkout was simple. I will stay at the spike again.	
Jan 6 2007 	Cheap and nice	Picked it as a cheap place to stay. Staff was great, the room as good as any budget hotel. Every one was happy with the hotel (3 friends were with me).An example of the service the staff picked up our scattered shoes and put the pairs nice and orderly in the closet. Something I have not seen at the $200+/nights hotels.Also the view from the suite was really good.I can only guess people giving the poor reviews have never stayed in a Super8, or some how figured that for $49 a night they were getting a some suite at the Rio.Would I go back again.... I'm going back in March 2007!	
Nov 28 2006 	Really liked it! Great value.	Two women travelling alone on a budget: Perfect! We payed $25.00 a night through Expedia. I expected the WORST after reading some of the reviews here, but was pleasantly surprised. We stayed on the non-smoking floor and had no issues with stale smoke. Yes, the room only had 4 channels, but we spent most of our time on Fremont St. Yep, the tub backed up when we showered, but we expected it from the reviews and it was not a big deal. We did not utilize the tiny, dark casino, I ate one sub-standard dinner and one great breakfast at the cafe. Again - casinos and food galore on Fremont street anyway! We were not bothered by anyone, we felt perfectly safe walking the short distance to Fremont. I read a review that there were bedbugs, and checked thoroughly for them when we arrived - there were none.If you are looking for a cheap place to crash while venturing out into Las Vegas, the Gold Spike is a great deal.I liked it, and will stay there again when travelling alone or with a female friend.BTW, if you are coming from the right direction, stop at the Nevada Visitor's Bureau in Boulder City on your way in, ask for the coupon that will get you a page of coupons at the Fremont St. kiosk. My friend and I ate 2-for-1 buffet every lunch and dinner the whole three days we stayed downtown.	
Nov 19 2006 	Oh baby...	The Gold Spike is an under-rated downtown hotel that's perfect for college kids, people on a budget, or those who just want to have fun for cheap. If you're trying to impress your girlfriend/wife or you're terrified of seeing homeless people, stay at the Wynn and stop writing reviews about this property that have nothing to do with the actualy quality of the room or service delivery.The purpose of my trip here was simple: long weekend with the boys, and we wanted the most fun and cheap Vegas experience possible. None of this volcano-pirate-ship-shooting-water-fountain-polar-bear-cage-near-the-blackjack-table stuff. We wanted cheap booze, cheap gambling, and the most colorful characters you can find in Las Vegas. Three of us were going for four nights, so we wanted something big, comfortable, yet cheap. Our friends and cheapovegas.com gave good reviews of the Gold Spike. Convinced, we called room res, and got quoted a two room suite with two beds, one sofa-pullout, balcony, two tvs, and ‘fridge’. $65 for Friday and Saturday $55 for Sunday and Monday. Beauty. Booked it. We arrived into Las Vegas late Friday night, and no cheap[--] trip to Vegas would be complete without taking the CAT bus from the airport. At $1.50 and with round-the-clock service, you can take comfort knowing you won’t have to wait in the demeaning cab-lineup and you won’t get ripped off by corrupt cabbies. We hopped on, and approaching the Downtown Transportation Centre , we passed the really dated and old-school Gold Spike. Our eyes lit up by the really unstylish Gold Spike marquee and we couldn’t help but laugh; this place is going to be AWESOME. We got in to the DTC at 0100hrs and had no security issues/worries walking through the bus terminus, unlit park, and city block with our rollaboards, despite some previous reviewers saying they wouldn’t do the same. We get into the place, and oh man was it great. Sketchy people with such tremendous stress on their face playing penny slots with the most positive Tom Jones song blaring out on the speakers. The lobby area completely blocked off with police-tape so the custodian could buffer the carpet (yes, carpet). The hotel registration clerk was a class act. A pure heart of gold, which is why we didn’t really care that she took five minutes to do her paperwork before she would help us, and continued doing her paperwork while checking us in. The rules which were posted behind the counter were even funnier than the marquee: “housekeeping hours are between 0900-1645”, “one set of towels per guest per day (towels are not given on your check-out day)”, “there is a $20 deposit required to have the telephone turned on in your room”, and my favorite: “there is a $10 deposit for the use of a remote control for the television in your room.” What a place.We got our keys-cards and were assigned to the top floor, room 703. We walk into our room, flicked on the light, and our low expectations were by far exceeded. Although the furnishings and interior design were really tacky and old, the room was exceptionally clean. The room had two chairs and a table, a couch, one tv in the living area and one in the bedroom, a sink area which was separate from the toilet and shower, and a mini-fridge. The fridge could barely hold 10 beers, but it was good enough. The room didn’t have any rooftop lighting, only lamps in the corner, and a hangy-light over the table. No cable on the TV, but good reception for all basic channels. We had two heating/AC units for our room, one of which was probably older than me, and a brand new one. The older heat unit worked quite well, but the newer one didn’t. We didn’t bother addressing this out of laziness and the fact that it wasn’t very cold. I stepped onto the balcony to take in the magnificent view of the eight storey city-hall parkade and the shut down Lady Luck. This was incredible, leading me to my first epiphany—probably from the beers. Sharing my ecstasy, I yelled to the people (who looked like ants to me) in the parking lot: “I’m on top of the world!” Apparently, one of them was an outsourced security guard who thought I was on the roof. He yelled at me to get down; liquored up and confused, I told him I was on my own balcony, but he didn’t believe me, summoning backup to respond to a “code 4.” In no more than five minutes, two security guards came knocking to our door, asking about all the fun I’m having. First off, it was an epiphany, not just ‘fun’. And secondly, I told them I was on my own balcony. The light bulb in their head turned on, and they wished me a good night. Nice guys. We went to the parking lot, looked up, and realized that the ‘balcony’ really looks like the roof. Whoops. After our CSI work, we deserved a break. So went south a block to take in Freemont Street. Listen, this surrounding area safe. There’s way too many people and cars circulating around the spike at all hours for it to be unsafe, just read up on Jane Jacobs’ “Eyes on the Street” theory if you don’t believe me. After getting gooned off multiple half-yards of margaritas on Freemont, we returned to our room to pass out. Despite the fake headboard and lack of bed frame, the beds were comfortable and the sheets were clean. For all four nights, we had no problems sleeping, and there was no noise to complain about.After our first night, a shower was in order, and my god, the shower nozzle was the worst I’ve ever seen, and this includes a month-long visit to India staying in various $5/night guesthouses. It was just a high-powered hose spewing out a powerful burst of water. But the water was warm, and it made our visit just a bit funnier. Afterwards, for our 3pm breakfast, we thought we’d give one of the “succulent (foot-long) hotdogs” a try. $1.99 and you get a 16 oz pop with it too. Beauty. We ordered to a friendly clerk and got our food fast. Uh, yeah. The hot dog’s color was that of my pale white skin, and the taste was no better. Having the ‘chef’ (who kinda looked like a thinner Rudolph Giuliani, complete with FDNY hat) stare at me from the kitchen while I ate my food was by far the creepiest thing I’ve ever experienced in Vegas. I’ll never go there again, even though $5 for steak and eggs is a steal. Housekeeping was great, they not only turned down the beds, but they cleaned up our empty beer bottles and pizza boxes. We also had no issues leaving wads of cash (or one of our friend’s last assets; a stack of, uh, entertainer cards) on the table. Their one-towel-per-guest policy was strictly enforced, even if you tip. But we did get exactly 9 containers of shampoo as an act of goodwill after the first day. I guess they audit the towels but not the shampoo.The slots area was fun. The 1c keno slots still had the chained-down pen that you touch to the screen, the 5c video poker had an impressive $213.08 progressive posted on a half-burnt out LED screen, and the copper mine is an impressive alcove of the oldest slots priced at 1c. Signs reminding patrons that &quot;The wearing of wave caps, do-rags, and bandanas on the property of the Gold Spike hotel and casino is strictly prohibited&quot; were everywhere. My buddy, who started off with 50 credits, hit a jackpot and ended up at 191 credits on the 1c wheel of fortune slot. He decided it was best just to walk away while on top, so he cashed out. Cashing out 191 credits seemed to be quite overwhelming for the machine, so he had to have his $1.91 paid out by hand. The cocktail waitress was a doll, we tipped her $1 per two-drinks and she kept the beer coming. Great way to get ripped for very cheap. We needed a late checkout on our last day and we were told this was impossible unless we paid for an extra night. Inquiring with the heart-of-gold night clerk, she could give us an hour later than checkout: 1pm. We checked out without incident, but their policy prohibiting the holding of bags was annoying. When you pay $260/tax in for a two room suite that sleeps at least three for four nights, you can’t get it all, I guess. Low maintenance people who just want a safe, quiet, clean place to pass out that’s way off the beaten path will be delighted with this place. And with cheap tables at the El-Cortez and the Freemont Street just a block away, you can’t go wrong. If you go with the thinnest of expectations, you’ll love this property. So will your wallet. Tips:-When going to the gold spike (or downtown for that matter), TAKE THE CAT. Service every 30 minutes around the clock, and it’s $1.50. The 108 will get you to Fremont, and while the 109 won’t, it’ll take you to the Downtown Transportation Centre which is two short blocks away-Just don’t eat at the café. It isn’t that bad, but just go to McDonalds or something.-A Walgreens is located a block away, at the corner of Fremont and 3st. Get your kitschy souvenirs and redbull here. Best pricing.-Best nearby pizza delivery is a place called Boston Pizza (not to be confused with the really bad Canadian pizza chain), it located down the street, they deliver fast, and the pizza was greasy and perfect after all that cheap gold spike draft; [--]-If feel bad having all your booze comped, the best place to buy liquor is from the liquor store that you have to get buzzed in to, that’s beside the Western hotel/casino. -For all of your table gambling needs, go to the el-cortez, as the gold spike has NADDA for table games. Although the dealers are not very skilled, they’re nice, and the comps are great. -The DTC is a block away and will get you ANYWHERE you need to go in Vegas. Catch the strip-only Deuce at the DTC, there’s always a bus waiting and you’re guaranteed a seat.	
Aug 22 2006	Found the Gold...	The moment I went in I knew I had to write a review, for I had read many awful ones... Maybe I was expecting such a horrid hotel that it wasnt so bad but for me it was just what we needed.My boyfriend and I went to a convention on April 2007... we were both very happy with this hotel... some of my thoughts:The casino is not like the ones in the strip but it lets you feel a little more of a &quot;real&quot; &quot;underground&quot; Vegas... the people there are not turists and you can see it. At night (our room) got noisy... with the real sounds of the city... ambulances, police cars... so what? you are sleeping in a very BIG CLEAN bed... and have a very nice decent CLEAN bathroom with cool water pressure ;) the ONLY thing I didnt like and maybe if the hotel changed the ROOM CARPET it would look amazing... cause it was rather dirty... yet for that you have sandals! For the smoke smell... which is expected... use some incense or something and its gonna be fine! Didnt like the value meals though but if you have no money they can taste really good! Then... as a plus... you get the Fermont st. just like one block away! So for those that dont NEED the glamour lights and the big fancy hotels this is a perfect choice...(Specially if you have a car to move around!) Its cheap.. yet you dont get less for what you pay. I shouldnt recommend it so much 'cause then it might get too crowded! hahacheers!(couldnt take pictures sorry!!)	
Jul 24 2006 	Great for minimalism	I stayed at the hotel last October and am planning on going again this year. All the reviews are correct. You can save some money, but you may be dissappointed with the accommodations. I didn't expect much and that was a good thing. The price was good, but the place is as described. Fortunately I was on the 5th floor and away from most of the smoke. The clientele that are at the hotel are definitely ecclectic. I only stayed in the room long enough to shower and sleep. I walked to the strip (only if you can walk a couple of miles). There were some individuals at the Blackjack tables that I made friends with and they seemed genuinely likeable. I did not worry about my safety outside - either in the parking lot or on the sidewalk walking to the strip. Would I recommend this to my friends - only if I tell them not to bring the wives (not the cleanest of accommodations). For me, it worked out well and I hope this year will be the same.	
Jul 18 2006	Awesome for the price!	I just got back from a three week Las Vegas trip (yes, that's right, THREE weeks!). The duration of my and a buddy's trip was the reason for us to find the cheapest place possible. After doing some research, we found this place for an average of $30/night for the whole three weeks. Splitting it came to a spectacular $15/person/night which was great for three weeks. Now it is true that the casino reeks of cigarette smoke and the place is filled with locals (some with mental issues?) but overall I thought it was great. We minded our own business and no one bothered us. We stayed on the third floor (non-smoking floor) and upon arrival of our room....we were pleasantly surprised. The room was clean and a good size (2 queens) and the swamp cooler helped tremendously. The bathroom is SMALL but got the job done. Wireless internet is available through something called CheetahNetwork. Do NOT sign up for them unless you want internet that cuts out FREQUENTLY and is unreliable but does work occasionally (works great at about 5am). Maybe it was just my room?? The hotel is about a block away from Fremont Street which is the place to be if you're hanging out downtown. There was also a Walgreen's close by which was convenient for little things. We ate at the 24 hour diner a few times and it was satisfactory. VERY CHEAP food and not so bad tasting. Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay here considering the price I paid and I would happily stay again. However, I hope this doesn't offend anyone, but I would NOT recommend this place to any of my female friends because of the location, vibe in casino/lobby, and folks that hang out here. Hope this helps.	
Jul 13 2006	Nice Rooms Shabby Casino	I went to Vegas for a week to play poker. The casino is dingy, dirty, smells and is somewhat unpleasant (but i came for the rooms not the casino). The gold spike had the cheapest rate that I could find so I booked it. It took a little time to check in as there is only one clerk. The elevator is old but worked fine, the room on the fifth floor was a suprise after comming thru the casino. The bed was nice the room was clean the shower worked great. I had no problems for the week I stayed at the gold spike. After reading some of the earlier reviews I wonder if the rooms on the lower levels of the hotel are nasty like the casino.There are a lot of not so well off people in and around the gold spike. There appeared to be plenty of security and police in the area as well. The parking lot is small and well lit. I went to try the &quot;free&quot; breakfast and overheard two of the cooks arguing about why they were out of bread. It looked dirty in the restrauant so I didn't stay and abandoned my gold spike dining experience.I suggest the following tactic if you are planning to stay at the gold spike. a.) bring a friend and make him or her check in and make sure he tips the clerk at least a twenty. b.) once checked in get a good gulp of fresh air (outside if you can find one) and hustle across the dingy smoke infested casino to the old but reliable elevator, c.) if you are lucky you won't have to smell the casio, get to your room and pretend you never had to go through the lower casio, d.) repeat the process to get out and back in. I have no idea what type of bar, machines, table games they have; because i didn't enjoy being in the casio at all.If you are tight and saving money makes you happy the gold spike experience is for you!	
Jul 6 2006	Hit the jackpot at the Gold Spike!	I read all the 'mixed' reviews here and at a few other sites before deciding to gamble and book a weekend at the Gold Spike. This was Vegas, after all, so why not gamble on the hotel room, too? As far as I'm concerned, I hit the jackpot!Yes, this is an older joint. Yes, lots of locals do come here, as do many other folks from around the region, like CA, AZ, and UT. Who cares? The same could be said for any other place downtown. Why do they come here? Because they realize that fake marble columns and gold paint fillagree aren't worth the extra $250 on a weekend night! Personally, I can't argue with them. I've stayed downtown quite a few times, and now this is where I'll always stay. Skip the regular rooms. I've never been in one, but they seem hit or miss by the reviews. Spend the extra $10 Mr. Pennypincher and get the suite. For that extra ten spot, you'll get a large, clean room, great beds, a balcony with a good view of Fremont, nice bathroom, fridge, coffeemaker (with coffee), and a powerful A/C that works. All of that for about $50 a night on the weekend! Where else can you get all that, and get it clean? Nowhere, my friend, nowhere.The casino is about the same as any of the downtown casinos, except the ceilings are lower here and smoke tends to stay closer to the floor because of that. I smoke, so who cares? There isn't one place downtown that smells better, and I've smelled them all. I'd skip the diner, but when you have every restaurant and buffet on Fremont available to you for a 2 minute walk, why wouldn't you? The coffee shops at Binion's, Vegas Club and California are superb. The 777 Brew Pub at Main Street is just awesome (try their handcrafted beers) and the buffet over at Main Street is one of the best in town.Drinks at the bar are extremely cheap. $1 for well, $2 for a HUGE beer. Can't beat that with a stick on any night of the week! The Gold Spike rivals Casino Royale in the dollar/drink department; and coming from a diehard fan of getting ripped at the Royale, that says a lot. That said, this place and *any* place downtown will not be suitable for some people. If you're afraid because you're in a neighborhood where people drive 10 year old cars, you won't like it here. If you think of any segment of society as being lower than you, then you won't like it here. And, if you get uncomfortable when a stranger tries to strike up a conversation with you, or ask you a question, you won't like it here. So, please stay away. The rest of us who are enjoying ourselves will thank you for it.	
Jun 30 2006	A Horror Story	Our experience (my and I) was so terrible that I had to share it with everyone. We just returned home from our trip three days ago. We were set up by some bootleg travel agency(World Wide Travel Center) with this hotel. We entered a casino with smoke so thick that your hand could cut right through it not to mention that it even seeped up into the spaces where they called rooms. It was small, filthy, smelly, and had clogged drains, which no one came to fix after we requested this. I had to hold on to my husband for the prostitutes/cracheads looked as if they were ready to attack at any minute. We too inquired about the free breakfast, but it didn't matter cause we made up our minds not to eat here. Boy were we lucky! The old guy at the desk shirt was dirty and he had apersonality to match. I read the reviews before going, but I did not think it was possible for it to be this bad. Unfortunately when we returned in late that night we were greeted by buddies(big[--] crickets &amp;roaches) that were waiting for us on the wall. This was when my husband could take more and checked us out and found another hotel who prices also were not bad but was clean, fun, and we had a wonderful stay(Golden Gate on Freemont Street).I'm glad someone finally posted pictures of what the dump really looks like. Why is there even a pool rating, cause they don't have one? People when the shuttle bus driver is feeling nervous about dropping you off here something is wrong. I dont understand how anyone on a budget or not could take this risk.	
Jun 22 2006	at your own risk	Where shall I begin? I guess I will start from the beggining We stayed June 11 and June 12th 2006. What a dump! We didn't read reviews until AFTER our stay (huge mistake) although we did look on their website. After we parked in their lot we were very skeptical. The lot had questionable people lurking about. We checked on our car several times a day to make sure it was still there and undamaged (nothing happened). I was approached but a guy in front of the building asking for money. From that point on my husband insisted on always being with me. We went to check-in, and we didn't have to wait (probably because they had very few customers.) They were friendly at the front desk, and had no problem with check-in or out. It was a good thing that we didn't stay in the room long because they had only 5 channels on the T.V. When we were in the room most of the channels were news. Unlike some guests we did have plenty of hot water, but we had to stand in a couple inches of water while we took showers. However we were not told how to get to our room, nor when check-in or check-out was. The room smelled moldy, and could have used a good cleaning. We seen on their website that they offered a free breakfast, so we figured that that might make up a little for how bad the room and hotel was, so we returned to the front desk to ask about the free meal only to be told that they discontinued the free meal. I told them about reading this on their website and she told me she knew it was on their website, but that there wasn't anything she could do. The next day we decided to try their cafe. I soon understood why they discontinued the free meal because it must have been running off business. We seen 3 employees walking around and eating while they were working. They were not attentive to the customers at all. We ordered hamburgers, fries, and salad. The salad sat on the counter, and we had to ask them for it upon getting our burgers. The salad had flies all around it so it wasn't edible (at least not for me). My husband liked the greasy burger, but I couldn't stomach it. Credit or debit cards are not accepted, but then again they were probably afraid we would stop the payment once we tried to eat their food. And if all this wasn't enough they had a systems check at 7am. Someone got on the intercom to tell everyone that they were conducting a test on their fire alarm. It started blaring, and scared the heck out of us when the loud speaker came on. The sirens and the announcement went continuance for an hour. They kept saying it was only a test, and to ignore it. After an hour they said that concluded their test. About 15 minutes later the siren went off again ths time no one came on to let us know if it was real or not, so we just stayed in our room. The longer we stayed at this dive the madder we became. Other then these listed it was a good hotel (yeah right). If you stay at the place your jeopardizing your health and your sanity.	
Jun 11 2006	Our room had bed bugs too!	The Gold Spike has cheap room rates, but it's a case of &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;. Our room was filthy and we were told no other rooms available. Like this other reviewer wrote the rooms at the Gold Spike have bed bugs! The last morning there I woke up to find drops of blood on the bed sheets and red bite marks that itch, thanks to these critters! On my next trip to Las Vegas I won't be so cheap. I'm going to spend the money and stay at a hotel where the maids do their jobs and clean the rooms, and hotel management makes sure the rooms are free of bed bugs.	
Jun 5 2006	Truly horrible	There were BUGS IN MY BED! Unfortunately, I am allergic to insect bites, and this spoiled my whole vacation, of which Las Vegas was the first stop. I had booked and paid for the room on the Southwest website, so I could not get a refund. The man at the front desk was apologetic (but did not look very surprised), and offered to move me to another room. But the overall look of the place made me doubt if they had any rooms without bugs. The carpets were dirty, the room smelled really bad, and the air conditioner was incredibly noisy. A truly disgusting place. I checked out in the middle of the night and moved to Golden Nugget a few blocks away.	
May 23 2006	A Real Value	Located Downtown, there's plenty of Police &amp; Securrity, A CAT bus stop is a block away to take you to the Strip, $30-$40 a night represents a great value. I have spent many vacations here, I reccomend asking for a top floor suite .The Casino can be a bit scarey, and smokey but this is a casino, not the Vatican !	
May 16 2006	Surprisingly pleased with the Gold Spike	I have just returned from my 3 night stay at the Gold Spike and I couldn't wait to get home and add my review of this hotel. I was nervous to see what my room would be like after reading the negative reviews on this site. I must say, I was very pleased with it, considering the price I paid. ($46 for each of Friday and Saturday, and $29 for Sunday)Hotel rooms in Vegas are extremely inflated on the weekends and I refuse to pay double what I did for the sake of a few hours of sleep and a hot shower. My room was well kept, the floor I stayed on was a non smoking one, the bathroom was adequate, complete with complimentary shampoo, shower gel etc. The carpet had some stains on it, but so has the carpet at the 3 star locations I have stayed at. Let me add too, that I was a single female, traveling alone and at no time did I feel my safety was threatened. Not only did I feel very comfortable at the Gold Spike, but I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. My room was much better at the Gold Spike than the vintage room at the El Cortez that I stayed at last time. (and that room cost me more) The casino downstairs is extremely smoky, as mentioned in previous reviews and the less fortunate locals do seem to favor this one, but again, I never felt threatened. I am very disappointed to discover that the casino has removed its blackjack tables. This was one of the few casinos left that you could actually play a hand for only $2. Overall, I was pleasantly pleased with my stay at the Gold Spike Hotel. If you are looking for 5 star luxury, go elsewhere. If you are looking for a clean, comfortable, well located, affordable stay near Freemont Street, give the Gold Spike a try.	
Apr 3 2006	More like the Old Stinky Dangerous Ghetto Spike	We booked this room becuase of the web site adversited and that the rates for what the rooms were described where resonable for someone booking online. We arrived to the location and from the moment we were driving in the parking lot I felt like I was in Dowtown Los Angeles. We were surrounded by homeless people who looked like they were on drugs. We hurried up into the hotel to check in as we taught it be safer. That was not the case. The hotel was dark and gloomy like the walls had gone BLACK from so much cigarette smoke. I could literally not breathe. The people in the Casino also looked like mostly old drunks or homeless or both. I hurried to get my friends to stop them from checking in, but we were obligated to pay the night since we had booked it on line. WE DID NOT STAY. We decided it was just NOT SAFE. Our first loss in Vegas but you could not have paid me enough to stay there for the night. But after reading a few reviews of how cheap the rooms where for only $30.00..On line we were charged $120.00 a night.	
Apr 2 2006	good for the budget traveler	Definitely not a luxury hotel. If you can push your way through the thick smoke in the casino to get to the registration desk you've passed the biggest hurdle. The price of this hotel is very low and includes a great breakfast. The hotel room was quite clean and sufficient although there were many cigarette burns throughout the room. Recommended for the budget traveler but not those looking for luxury of any sort.	
Mar 21 2006	A Las Vegas Treasure	The price is right. Rooms are spacious with a great shower. The chili dogs are to die for. (you just might!). If you are on a budget, I highly recommend this fine hotel.	
Feb 27 2006	i'd stay again	one thing to remember if you are going to stay here. it is cheap so don't book the place on that basis and then whinge about what you get. i stayed here for a couple of nights in sep 2005. i was on a budget and it was extremely cheap - for what i paid it was a real bargain and i would stay there again.yes it is a bit rough around the edges, it does stink of smoke and the people in the casino are a bit dodgy - those are the only bad things about the place. my room was non-smoking, it was large, everything worked, there was loads of storage and the bed was comfy. the staff were friendly and helpful and the bar was really cheap- i just took my drinks up to my room. no problems at all. my room was just like the one in the photo.	
Jan 26 2006	cheap and authentic	I love this hotel, every time i travel to Vegas i stay there. I'm british, female and always travel alone and i always get a raised eyebrow when i say where i'm staying, it seems that the locals think its a bit of a dive. Granted it looks a bit dingy in the casino and some of the rooms are a bit threadbare but it's clean and close to the action and what you save in room rates you can use on having fun!If you want to experience seedy, real vagas then stay here. If you want plastic and sterile, there are plenty of other places to stay. Oh yeah and heres a tip, some of the rooms have been refurbished and the suites are much nicer than the ordinary rooms, if they're quiet they'll upgrade you for free if you ask nicely and even if you have to pay the extra it will only cost you a few dollars more	
Jan 18 2006	Watch your wallet	What a deceptive photo.This was recommended to me by a vegas hotels dot com website and all I can say is what a rip off!It is indeed like walking in to a human ash tray and homeless shelter.I never felt safe and worried about my belongings when I left the hotel.Outside I was constantly accosted by the down and out,many of whom I saw walking around inside the casino.It is obviously the local hang out,and I saw many times where people where checking in and paying cash for the room.That's always a bad sign.I would never stay there again,it soured me on Vegas.	
Dec 8 2005	Yes I'm going to say it!....Never Again!	If I had known what I was getting into, I would have NEVER stayed here. I called myself finding a bargain because they offfer free breakfast and I would be saving money. The pics of the rooms are way too bright for what they really are! The hotel and casino is too dark for my taste. Some people may like that dark allyway feeling, but not me. After getting a bad impression from the casino, the elevators, the personnel, I was forced to go to my room because I had no extra money for another somewhere else...like on the strip for this trip. When I got to my room, it was dark, the carpet was stained, there were even stains on the walls! What the heck! I turned the TV on and discovered that the TV only carried 5 channels! Oh my goodness! So I go downstairs to see what the gambling was like. I found machine after machine that was broken! The people who wonder into the casino are mostly locals. Let's just say their a colorful bunch! The next morning I had a problem with the water drainage in the tub while trying to take a shower. House cleaning called someone to fix it, but it did the same thing for the duration of my stay! When I went down for breakfast, I got a good look at the 'diner'. It was missing a stool at the counter and they had yellow 'caution' tape tied all around it. I saw the same lady take orders, handle money, and get the orders to customers. Oh I didn't mention that she picked a couple of pieces of toast off the counter with tongs after they had fallen off the plate, and then proceeded to deliver the meal to a customer did I? Well she did! After seeing that, I could imagine what else goes on in the 'diner'. The floors in the diner were always dirty, leftover plates (plastic) were left on the counters and booth tables until someone cleaned them off. The entire experience was just not good. I couldn't wait to get home and stayed away from the place as much as I could. If you plan on staying here with plans of traveling to the strip, be prepared for the distance that separated you. Like I said....Never Again!	
Nov 12 2005	Great place with great prices	I have stayed at The Gold Spike numerous times. It is a great place to stay not only for the price of the rooms but for the type of people that stay there.It reminds me of years ago as the people are not that young. Why people staying here have to worry about what type of people are playing the slots I dont know as I think most people that are in the Casino are quite friendly &amp; mature. I think the Hotel rooms are very nice &amp; roomy apart from the tvs in some of the rooms as they dont work that well. I have stayed at this Hotel about 8 times over the years with no problems as there are always adequate Security on Duty. Cant wait to go back there again.	
Nov 8 2005	Travelling alone and female - it was great value and I felt safe!	After reading the responses to my thread about being safe at the Gold Spike I was worried at first. Then I realized that mostly women encouraged me that I would be fine.So I arrived on a Sunday at about 4.p.m.. Found parking at once in one of the two parking lots. Well lit plus security - what do you want more?Then you pass through the tiny but peaceful casino (there were always security guys who kind of had an eye on everybody and everything and were helpful with door opening and directions) to the check-in counter, there it took a long 20 minutes because they were changing shifts. I was holding my breath during the elevator ride, whow what a smell. I expected the worst with the room.But the room was nice, clean (I had a non-smoker room) with enough place, towels, soap and shampoo! TV, phone and alarmclock was existing as well. It was quiet at night, aircon worked well and I was happy about the good and quick parking and walking to Freemont Street (2 minutes). I had paid about US$ 15 for a night and it was very very very good value. The hotel is excellentfor the money, if you don´t need a pool or if you don´t want to impress your boyfriend or girlfriend. I felt safe at any time. And safed a lot of money. There are a lot of Motels further down on Freemont Street - these can´t be recommended at all - you can see from the outside that these place are not safe.And: a word about the visitors/locals in the casino - yes there are &quot;interesting&quot; and strange people gambling there, but they have not had very much luck or money in their life - and some of them are old and not in a good shape - but I cannot agree with other visitors who gave a bad review here (expecially about the locals). I had not problem at all in the casino or walking around in the streets nor did I have any bad impression of the gamblers in the Gold Spike - let them just do what they want to do.	
Nov 7 2005	Gold Spike is best over all value in Vegas	The Spike has the atmosphere of 1950s Las Vegas. It's my favorite spot, always a few winos in the bar area, but no problems. It is the warm underbelly of Las Vegas. Smokey and dirty? Sure in the casino area, but my room was clean.The old box unit Air Conditioner, while a bit loud, chilled like a ice cube.Good shower heads.Firm bed. Cheapo Bar was a plus ($1 Well Drinks).Giant &quot;silos&quot; of beer, 1 or 2 bucks . . . heavenly.Penny slots were a plus (stretch your funds).Cheap room rates ($20-$30 per night).Friendly people behind the hotel desk.Free breakfasts (Hotel Guests).Free two for one meals (Hotel Guests).Free morning bingo for those in the slot area.4 minute walk to downtown bus terminal. Bus back to airport for $1.25. Get any place in Vegas for a buck. It is a wonderful-practical transit system.Use Plaza's Swimming Pool down the street (same owners). Ask at front desk.Great Deli Sandwiches. Avoid the fried stuff, but tuna salad, chicken salad, ruben . . . yummy.It is a low rollers paradise.Again, I loooove The Gold Spike.	
Nov 1 2005	Never Travel to Vegas with Cheap People	I traveled to Las Vegas with a group of cheap, non-gamblers! The four ladies I was with made their own reservations, separate from mine...thank God for small favors! They ended up staying at the Gold Spike (@$20.00 per night) for 4 days and 3 nights of hell! I stayed at the Rio for the entire time and they ended up staying with me the last night of our trip. When we arrived on Fremont Street, they were dragging their luggage and we could not find the Gold Spike. We ended up asking a man that was HOMELESS!! He directed us to the Gold Spike and told us it was the luckiest place in town! He failed to mention that the room was dirty, dark, dusty, and the casino smelled of fresh and old urine! It is a local place, but even the locals are kinda scary looking! No lie, there was a blind may playing the slots when we walked in!!! My friends complained of the smell and the dirty bathroom. Each night we were in Vegas, they returned to their rooms before the sun went down because they were fearful for their lives! Leason learned for my travel buddies...you get what you pay for!	
Oct 29 2005	Not too Shabby!	My boyfriend and I are in our 20's and don't make a whole lot of money (yet). We came to Las Vegas to spend time with each other and see the sites, not to stay at a five-star luxurious resort. Gold Spike is reasonably priced, so I see no reason for people to complain. You get what you pay for. And the rooms were not bad at all! They might be a little old and worn, but not everything can be brand-new forever. For what we paid, we couldn't have expected better. And we would stay there again, too! Even when we're older and make much more money, we will stay at Gold Spike because of all the fun memories we had on our first trip to Vegas. If it weren't for inexpensive hotels such as this one, people like us who make minimum wage wouldn't be able to travel around and see the world until we're elderly! Thank God for this hotel.	
Oct 25 2005	Gold Spike was fine	We were expecting the worst after having seen the reviews for this hotel, but we were pleasantly surprised! Yes, the casino itself is kind of seedy, with some down-and-out people here and there, but our room was all that you could ask for. Very quiet, a good sized room, perfectly ordinary in all respects. In fact, my in-laws were staying at the Stratosphere, and our rooms were practically identical! I will definitely stay here in the future.	
Oct 22 2005	Cheap and easy!!!	I Was staying on Fremont street and promised my self I wouldn't leave without checking out the Spike and the Western. Well...I made it as far as the Elco on my walk to Western and got scared so I hung a couple of lefts and made it over to the Spike at 8 a.m. Sunday morning. I bellied up to a blackjack table and bought in for $10.00. this was my last few hours in Vegas and I had last my gambling stash but wanted to get a few more drinks in before going to the airport. I played $2 blackjack and had a really friendly waitress bring about 1 drink every 10 min.Also, they bring a you a Bingo card to play for free while you gamble. I think you win $50 but it was fun fun fun. The $10 lasted me about two hours of drinks, gambling and people watching. can't beat that with a stick. Only thing I would do different is to go there sooner next trip!!!	
Oct 20 2005	What A Joke!!!	Talk about beind deceived!!! We booked our trip based on the lovely photos of this hotel posted ont he web! I would certainally like to see the room where they took these pics, cause it couldn't been at this hotel. The rooms were your typical cheap hotel rooms....2 very hard beds, a cheap swamp cooler &amp; a very funky smellFor the price, I could have dealt with this, but taking a 2 minute shower because the tub wouldn't drain totally ruined it for me. Had we not already booked &amp; paid for the rooms, I would have ran as fast as my feet could have taken me!!!!!I only wish I would have taken a camera with me so I could have posted pictures for all to see......Only stay here if you love the Ghetto!!	
Oct 4 2005	Never believe what you see on the web	Where to begin?Oh yeah I was on line looking for a hotel on the old strip that was decentely priced and that looked nice.Well Gold Spike was on there and had a beautiful room for viewing.I thought for the price it's great and liked what I saw. Well when we walked in I thought we were stepping into a human ashtray!! I had already purchased the rooms months ago and we were good to go or so I thought, the staff starts giving me grief because I won't put an additional deposit per room down.Can you believe that they wanted me to put more money down then the room actually cost.After we finally got on the elevator to go to our rooms I was now over powered by the smell of burning rubber.(I was scared the elevator was breaking)When I got back to the hotel later that night after dinner I needed an ice pack for my leg I called the front desk to ask where I could find an icemaker,her exact words were &quot;In the restraunt&quot; click! I couldn't believe how rude some people can be. The next morning my friend called the front desk and asked for some extra towels, again the front desk&quot; There down here come and get them&quot; click! At that point all I wanted to do was go somewhere else but ofcoarse no refunds!Now I know not to believe what you see on the web.	
Oct 3 2005	Not bad for 35 Bucks	I stayed in Gold Spike hotel with my family on Sep 23rd for 1 nite. I was on a long trip from LA, SF, San deigo, Vegas, Grand Canyon and had blown up all the money. I was looking for a cheaper room for the last day of my trip and On Strip hotels were very expensive it being a weekend. Though i'd booked this hotel but was li'l concerned about the safety &amp; other aspects after reading couple of nasty reviews. I took a chance a stayed there. The exterior &amp; casino place was really shady and took me almost 45 mins to complete the check in process. But after that the stay was pretty comfortable...I didn't have to go back in the casino so it was ok. Room was clean with two comfortable queen beds. Clean bathroom. Breakfast was really good and complimentary. It was dirt cheap even if one has to pay for it...$2.25.Overall it wasn't a bad experience as i originally thought especially with the price i paid for it	
Aug 15 2005	Hey I've got a suite in Vegas!	I suppose you could say that the hotel has seen better days - but i think it's always been like it - it's smoky - perhaps overpoweringly for some, it's tired looking and the clientelle may freak out some but it's a fun place - very cheap slots, cheap table minimums, waitress service and decent front desk staff. The rooms are surprisingly decent for what the hotel promises from the exterior and public areas - I stayed in a standard room for one trip ($30) which was an equivalent inn style room and a suite for another stay ($40 - weekend) which is really just a big room on the top floor but itdoes have a balcony with a view towards the freemont street area. A free breakfast is included in the room rate if you ask but the ambience of the hotel doesnt really lend itself to making you want to eat.When all is said and done, this is not the Vegas for those wanting to impress or live it up - it's a cheap room (especially at weekends) and a cheap gamble. The area is one block from the freemont street experience and one block from the bus station - and can appear a little unsafe although I've never had an issue with safety myself.	
Aug 3 2005	Bus Station Ambiance!	A Must See!The place is the smokiest, dingiest casino and hotel I have found in Vegas. I have never stayed there (usually stay on the strip somewhere) - stayed at the Westin (old Maxim) just off the strip this time, but something about this place intreagues me so much that I have to pay a gambling visit each time! That is as long as my lilly-white lungs can stand the putrid smokey smell bellowing forth from the casino.If you go, take a camera and try and get some shots of the casino clientele. They are definetly some of the oddest lot you will find in Vegas. But you seem to see all types there - bums, low-rolling locals, a few curisioty seekers from the strip. It takes all types, right? I made my wife visit it one day after visiting Fremont Street and she alked in and immediately put some clothing over her nose and mouth to be able to breathe, and ran out the other side of the casino! I had to take her to the Wynn afterward for drinks to recover.Go visit the spike! You'll get a kick out of it...	
Jul 27 2005	Definitely worth the money	We came to Las Vegas to go rock climbing for a few days at Red Rock Canyon, so we spend very little time in our room. For the money, about $25 a night, this hotel was well worth it. Our room had new furnishings, pictures, and the bathroom tiles looked new. The room was very quiet. The casino was dirty and smelly, and the street the hotel is on is a bit sketchy, but it didn't bother me at all (I lived in Berkeley, CA for 4 years, so I'm sort of used to it) The neighborhood is just 1 block from the Fremont Street Experience which was fun. We usually stay at hotels like Super8 and Comfort Inn, and I think the room was slightly nicer than those chains.	
Jul 25 2005	Dirtiest Hotel Room Ever!	Stayed here based on the recommendation of the &quot;Cheapo Vegas&quot; people. What a mistake! The room was filthy: The toilet was not clean, the shower clogged and was dirty from previous guests. The bed sheets had not been washed and were dirty. The rude front desk staff said no other rooms were available. Never again! The cheap room rates are not worth it; next time I will spend more money and stay at cleaner hotel.	
Jun 26 2005	WHAT A BARGAIN!!!	if you are planning to go to vegas,this is the place to stay!we had a great clean room,the front desk clerk was so sweet,i believe his name was robert.he took the time to call us when a room was ready 45 min earlier than check in time.it is a 2 min walk to the light show and great bargains for souveniers.what more could you ask for!!??our next trip will include the golden spike hotel.	
Jun 7 2005	A Good One Nite Stay	Needed to add a night and stayed at the Spike for one nite on May 29th for $29. It was a clean room two queen size beds. I was alone so it was fine for me. The bathroom was small but clean. The water pressure was excellent for a shower. Got a free breakfast that you could have at 4am which was perfect for me because I was on the road at 5 am. I found parking no problem in a small lot out back. I probably saved around $60 by staying there one nite. I would stay there again for one nite or maybe two at the most. I prefer hotels with casino's that have poker and are larger with more amenities.	
Jun 5 2005	Lovely Smoke free room	My husband used to go here to play penny slots before the current craze. It was smoky, dirty, with less desirable clientele. Now, the casino has cleaned up and brightened up considerably, but still badly needs smoke removal improvement. The rooms, however,are a different story. Ours was clean, bright, attractive on a smokefree floor! The biggest hotel problem is the parking. Apparently a formerly available leased adjacent property is now involved in a bankruptcy(?) or something, and limits guest space. We definitely would use this in preference to extremely high weekend rates.	
May 18 2005	Not THAT bad	The Gold Spike is not a top class hotel! However, when I stayed there in March 2004, my room was comfortable, the service was O.K. I agree the casino is smokey - which one isn't!For what I paid per night, I could not really complain.P.W. United Kingdom.	
May 15 2005	What were we thinking?	Just got home from our trip to Vegas. I know one thing, I will never stay at the Gold Spike again. It is true, the casino is very dark, dirty and smokey. The room wasn't clean and we saw cockroaches. The bed was very uncomfortable. We could feel all of the springs. The area surrounding the Gold Spike didn't seem safe at all. We saw a drug deal go down. The only reason we stayed at the Gold Spike was so we could see some shows on the strip and have dinner at a nice restaurant. Next visit we will stay at a much nicer hotel.	
Apr 30 2005	The price is right at "the Spike"...	The Gold Spike hotel rooms are a little worn, but they are much cleaner than the appearance of the casino would suggest. Though others who've reviewed this place have said that there is not soap provided, my friend and I had a fresh bar of soap each day of our four night stay. For $35 on an April Saturday night, the rooms here are a steal. Yes, there is an air conditioner in each room, but I would recommend leaving it on even when you are not in the room, as they are situated low on the wall, and it takes awhile to cool the room. As for the casino... I played here at 4 in the morning just to conserve gambling bankroll after a tough night at the higher limit tables on Frement Street. Yes, the people here are &quot;one step above street&quot; (sic); what that means is that they are real people, not the type who look down upon lower class (financially, that is) people. I did not feel threatened here; in fact, the atmosphere was quite loose, and I didn't feel as though anyone was out to impress anyone else. They were here to drink and gamble cheap... nothing wrong with that. Finally, I must say that the smell of the casino is indescribable. It is more than just cigarette smoke; it hits you even before you open the door of the place, and there is no term appropriate for it. The best I can think of is an &quot;acrid pungence&quot;. In other words, if you really are a gambler --or you just have a stuffed up nose--, give &quot;the Spike&quot; a try.	
Apr 29 2005	pretty nice here actually	i stayed at the stardust last yr , paid 3 times as much for a room that wasnt as nice as this one, there was a four poster bed in the room , i had never seen one in any other hotel i stayed in, it was awesome.the only complaint i had about the hotel is that they didnt have ESPNin the room..otherwise the gold spike was an excellent choice	
Apr 25 2005	A different slice of life	Just returned from Vegas and have no complaints about 'The Spike', room was clean, good size and maid service every day. Casino certainly had a few characters but never felt threatened-then again i live and drink in Jarrow ! Paid £10.00 a night, money i saved help pay for trip to Grand Canyon (a must do). Cheap shopping to be had at Premium Outlets-shutlle bus from nearby bus station only a $1.00. For an excellent meal try Harrahs steak restaurant in Harrahs casino on strip, not cheap at $100 including drinks but excellent food and out waiter Rick should have been on stage.One thing about the Spike is you will certainly have an opinion-i loved it but spent most my time outside it. If you get bus get 302 up and down strip 24 hour ticket only $5.00,hop on and off as you like,personally i walked but its a good hour and a half from downtown to Ceasars etc.	
Apr 25 2005	For a place to sleep you can't beat the Gold Spike	I read most of the reviews here about the Gold Spike before deciding to book a room there, because it was the only place I could find a with a dirt-cheap weekend rate...and I'll admit I had some second thoughts. From reading the pure horror in some of the reviews here, apparently some people think the Gold Spike is one step above sleeping under a bridge in a cardboard box, and that it attracts the same kind of clientele.Well, I'm here to tell you that those people are wrong. Having said that, the Spike is definitely not the best choice for everyone. If you're the type of person that has to stay at a Holiday Inn when you travel because Super 8 isn't good enough for you, then you're going to hate the Gold Spike. If lower-middle-class people make you uncomfortable and longing for the security of your Lexus, you're going to hate the Gold Spike. If this is your first trip to Vegas and you're looking for the exciting action of the Strip, you're going to hate the Gold Spike. If, on the other hand, you just want a cheap place, close to the action on Fremont Street where you can crash at night, then the Gold Spike is one of the best values in town.Our room and the hotel part was a touch worn but still clean and very serviceable - imagine a Motel 6 that was renovated some time in the 80s, and you're pretty close. Others have written about the casino being a smoggy den of intrigue, but I didn't find that to be the case at all during any part of our visit. Granted, the weather was nice and the casino doors were wide open most of the time, so that probably helped ventilate it, but still, I didn't find it to be worse than anywhere else. The Spike dates from the old days of primitive casino technology, and so the ceilings are about as high as in your house...if there was a bunch of chain-smokers in there, I imagine the smoke could pile up.The Gold Spike is an ultra-low-roller casino, and so it attracts some low-rolling locals. Like I said, if you're of the Cadillac-and-country-club crowd you'll probably find them scary and intimidating, but having met a fair amount of them at the Spike's blackjack tables I found them to be more benign and friendly than most of the tourists in this town. Likewise the staff - this place isn't exactly the Bellagio, but I still found every employee I encountered to be more than friendly and helpful.I plan to go back to Vegas again in a few months, and the Gold Spike will be high on my list of places to check for cheap rooms. You could probably find a better value on a weekday with some shopping around, but their weekend rates are hard to beat.	
Apr 6 2005	Don't Do It	We went here on our first trip to Vegas (anniversary) last week. I never went barefoot in the place, but we did have our room cleaned daily. When I got home I had to wash EVERYTHING, including our bags. It all stunk! I guess you get what you pay for.The biggest drawback to this location is that when my husband wanted to nap, I had nowhere to go. He didn't feel safe enough for me to go out alone, even in the daytime. I should have brought more to read. The next time we go, we will stay closer to the actual strip. This was no where near walking distance to the main action.	
Apr 4 2005	Great for Doing Vegas on the Cheap	I stayed at the Gold Spike in April 2005. If you plan to spend your trip outside of your hotel room and just need a clean place to sleep for a good price, you can't beat the Gold Spike. Access is super convenient from the freeways: you can walk 2 minutes to the Freemont Street Experience if you like to gamble downtown (which I do); you can also hop on the freeway and get to the Strip in 5 minutes. Our room was clean and even though we had a smoking room, we were able to open our window on the 6th floor and keep the room well ventilated. The shower water pressure was great. The gentleman at the front desk was pleasant and friendly; we were able to get extra towels when requested, and we had a great time. It's not the Ritz: the carpet could use replacing and the casino was smoky and contained some less-than-savory characters, but why pay $$$$ for a beautiful clean room if you are going to spend your vacation seeing the sights? Save your money and buy a Cirque ticket instead.	
Mar 31 2005	Not for the Faint of Heart...	Just got back from the Gold Spike over Easter weekend. Always trusted Tripadvisor reviews so I knew this was not the Ritz. We are seasoned Vegas travelers, so we opted for something a little out of the ordinary this time. That, the Gold Spike is. My best description is : An innercity Greyhound station with rooms attached! Everyone is correct with the smoke/smell comments that come from this place. The room was big enough, and clean somewhat. Very used and abused furnishings, but sheets that were pristine white. A bare-bones bathroom that had poreclin missing in the sink and caulk coming apart around it, but, it was clean. The shower and curtain were also clean. The carpet, well I would not walk barefoot on it. You get no ammenities in this place, bring your own everything..soap, shampoo, etc...We did get housekeeping daily with fresh towels. Our view was lovely, overlooked the roof and every rooftop airconditioning unit. One of the few hotels in Vegas where the actual windows still open though.Staff, while not polished, poised or even clean at times was very friendly and helpful. The diner we would not eat at, but did provide on of the BEST cups of coffee ever had in Vegas....Loved the stuff. Casino, well, your not going to become a millionaire here, but your money seems to go a long way. You are a very short walk from Freemont street and across the street from the El Cortez. I was worried about the neighborhood reading previous reviews, but found everything to be safe and fine. There certainly was security seen around this place and the area. We literally slept 3-4 hours every night in Vegas, so for us, these accomodations were fine. We paid $33.00 per night for a Fri-Sun/ Holiday weekend stay. You can't beat that. Would we stay here again? NO! Would we recommend it to others? Only if you really want a place to shower and lay your head for a bit from exhaustion. If you are going to Vegas for the first time, this is not the place for you. If you like Vegas and want to try downtown, try Fitzgerals or the Plaza. If you and your buddies are getting away for the weekend to get drunk and whoop it up, by all means this place will suit you fine!	
Mar 22 2005	Give me a break!	We stayed at this casino/hotel on March 5 &amp; 6. I must admit that based on the ratings I read I was questioning my decision to stay here despite the excellent price ($50 for Sat. and $25 for Sun.) right up until the day before we left. Because I couldn't find prices anywhere near this (for a weekend) and I knew we'd only be sleeping here spending most of our time on the main strip, I decided to go with it. Upon check-in what was in the reviews I read was true dark, rundown, very smokey and again I question my decision before finally making my way to the check-in counter (located at the back). We were greeted by a very nice guy named Jeff. It was 3:10 (check-in is at 3:00) and our room wasn't ready yet. He said about 15 min. so we decided to try the restaurant and their $1.50 jumbo hotdog and soda. The restaurant was a bit scary (rundown and had some locals seated in it) and we questioned the bargain we were about to consume. As it turned out it was a great bargain and while we were seated there were four workers from the casino that walked by, looked down at us, smiled and said hi. This made us feel welcomed and put us at ease a bit. After eating we went to check-in again and our room still wasn’t ready we had to wait another 25 minutes. During this time Jeff (the desk attendant) took the time to tell us all about Vegas and some of the hot-spots to go. He was very pleasant to talk to he also gave us a coupon for a free breakfast for having to wait so long. Once we were able to go up to our room (on the third, non-smoking floor) we were pleasantly surprised. It was more than we expected, very clean and nice. Nothing like what we had read about on this site. In our opinion (and we have traveled the world staying in hostels and in very expensive places) for the price you cannot beat this place (quiet, clean and comfortable). Again we used this only for sleeping, spending all of our time on the main strip. Also upon check-in Jeff gave us a slip of paper to put into the car so that the security guards outside would know that we were staying there. I think if you let your mind play games with you and relate this casino and location to what you see in the movies you may be somewhat afraid to stay/go here. However, we did not find this to be the case. It is our opinion to give it a try!	
Mar 11 2005	The Reviews are True	March 6 through 9, I had foolishly planned to stay at the very cheap GOLD SPIKE $19.00 per night but the reviews here and in the Las Vegas Advisor were just too scary. I am glad I changed hotels. I did visit the GOLD SPIKE and it was as bad as the reviews said. I am told that the rooms are nice but I found the casino dark, smoky and noisy, the carpet was filthy and the crowd was a step above the street. From my room at the Lady Luck I observed that the police are at the GOLD SPIKE all the time. Drugs and prostitutes are common. Apparently tourists will meet a regular seeming girl there only to be confronted by her pimp outside the place demanding payment. Bad news.	
Mar 3 2005 	Gold Spike----smoky and dirty	We stayed in a room at the Gold Spike while my boyfriend attended NAB last year., April 2004. I was initially intending to come when it was over but I actually got a cheaper ticket from Canada coming at the same time as him. We had a shuttle from the airport and there was only a few of us going to downtown. When we got to the hotel entrance I thought it looked pretty depressing and when we went to the checkout desk we were greeted by a clerk missing some front teeth. During the check-in, which took some time, the smoke was so thick you could cut it with a knife. When we got up to the room and opened the door it initially didn't look bad but the carpet was so dirty I couldn't believe it, it was a dark carpet and it had big dark stains all over it. We had to get help from the front desk to air our no-smoking room out because the smell of smoke....either from the other rooms or previous smokers was strong. Every night we put a wet towel under the front door to block out any smoke coming in and I never let my bare feet touch the floor. The beds and linen appeared to be clean and the beds were comfortable. The tv worked, the parking was free, the bathroom was clean and the maid was nice and gave us clean towels every day. Would I stay here again.....NO ! My boyfriend on the other hand really probably wasn't that bothered and that's why I booked him there initially.After that we left and went to the Grand Canyon and that was spectacular!	
Feb 23 2005	Right out of a movie	I walked thru the Gold Spike once and that was enough. It is perhaps the dankest, darkest, nastiest dive I have ever seen. The people I saw in the casino were low-lifes, trailer-trash, and hockey-hair (mullet) meth dealer types. It was right out of a movie where the undercover cop has to walk into a tough joint. I lasted less than 5 minutes. If you stay here, you are making a big mistake. Not cool.	
Feb 20 2005	Unexpectedly Filthy	I've been to the Gold Spike casino before so I had pretty low expectations about the hotel. I expected the room to be old and theadbare, and that would have been fine. However, I did not expect the filth. The air in the room was so smoky that it was almost unbreathable. The carpet had not been vaccuumed and was covered with stains. I tried to avoid stepping on it with my bare feet. The toilet seat was literally smeared with feces. It was vile. I'm not some prissy girl, but I was pretty grossed out by the cleanliness of the room.	
Feb 5 2005	great for people watching and cheap drinks!!!!!!	couldnt get enough of the place ended up at there bar every night the drinks were the cheapest in town the people in there were very friendly no matter how strange they seemed the table games were cheap and very fun to play with the variety of characters i will stay at the gold spike every trip i make to vegas............	
Dec 7 2004 	What a place!	After leaving the Hilton to stay at the Gold Spike, it was quite a shock. I lovingly referred to it as the &quot;ghetto&quot;. After entering the building and not seeing the &quot;front desk&quot;, I finally inquired and found it. The person at the desk was very friendly. My husband and I checked in and took the elevator to the third floor. It seemed OK once we got off the elevator. It looked nice till we got into our room. Small, dark, and smelled strongly of Febreeze or something similar. It was close to Fremont Experience and a place with 14 theaters. That was nice! The other thing I didn't like was there was a knock on our door in the middle of the night, but luckily nothing happened from that. We ate breakfast before leaving which was good, but not great. You had to order your own and pick it up when ready. Different, but I felt lucky to be leaving the next day alive!!	
Dec 3 2004	Get what you pay for	This is not a nice motel, but it is a nice place to sleep. If you're going to Vegas to travel the strip and see the sights, while only spending time in your room to bathe and sleep, this'll do just fine. But, if you're looking for a nice room with a nice casino downstairs, this isn't it.	
Nov 18 2004	okay for the money	this is NOT where you take your mother...but once out of the casino, the room was worn, but very clean...large suite of 2 rooms and a great balcony for pennies...the food wasn't bad,either...you get over the smell of the casino after awhile!	
Oct 27 2004	Can't beat the Gold Spike!	I loved the Gold Spike! You simply can't beat it in a town that I found can be so very expensive. Our room was large and clean, the showers were hot, and the casino was tons of fun. We were a little unsure about the place at first, having read some reviews here, but we paid $94 tax included for a Friday through Monday stay (3 nights). The restaurant was a little scary and we did not have the courage to eat there, but it is so close to many others that it was no big deal. Highly recommended for a cheap and adventurous trip to Vegas! If you need luxury, go ahead and pay the extra $200-500 dollars a night on the strip, they are happy to eat up your money. But, if you are like me and would rather spend that money on having fun in Vegas, the Gold Spike is the place to stay! Don't let the dingy casino scare you, the rooms are surprisingly nice and worth every penny.	
Oct 23 2004	Best Weekend Bargain	We stayed two weekend nights in mid-October and, once again, found this to be an incredible bargain. At $33 per night including tax for a Friday and Saturday, no casino in Vegas can touch this. You really are maybe a 3 minute walk from the Freemont Street Experience, perhaps 1 minute from the Lady Luck. The carpets may have seen better days and the bathrooms are a little worn, but the rooms are more than adequate and certainly on par with properties nearby that charge 2 or 3 times as much.The diner is CHEAP, and they give you 2-for-1 coupons each day.For players, drinks are (of course) free and this includes the mighty 40 oz. jumbo beer. Even to purchase it is a mere $2!A good deal during the week, but this place will save you literally hundreds on the weekend. Try it!	
Oct 23 2004	Another great vacation	Jack and I just returned from a lovely 2 weeks in Vegas, as you know we prefer the downtown for the atmosphere and colourful people events, looses slots, hot blackjack and so on. Yes we could have easiely spent $300.00USD for a night at the Luxor but by staying at the G/S we trimmed that to less that 25. Gold Spike is a very friendly enviroment and w look forward toreturning in the very near future. The rumours shold start circulating about the plans to modernize the area and it is our hope the G/P is only given a cosmetic overhaul. This is the place to try it out, be open about it and think of the 275. bucks in your pocket	
Aug 23 2004	the third world of vegas	The Gold Spike is the third world country of las vegas. When you first enter, there is a bit of culture shock.....you see a dilapidated building, funny looking people, and lots of smoking. soon you adjust and you realize that your pocket change goes a long way. whereas $1 is the standard tip for a cocktail server in vegas, it's like a $5 tip here because the patrons here don't tip at all. it's rare in vegas (at a $2 table, no less) that a server comes around before you are ready for another drink. and the $2 tables are great, single deck, with no 6:5. however, the $1 drinks at the bar leave much to be desired. the casino is relaxed, the staff dresses casual. this place is perfect for a guys trip to vegas, as the fairer sex might be a bit disgusted.	
Aug 11 2004	A Really Good Place!	The Gold Spike is not for everyone, for the price it is a GREAT bargin .I was there in January 04 &amp; will be there again in August. I liked the downtown location &amp; the smokey casino is &quot;interesting&quot; with penny &amp; nickel slots. The cafe was too scary for my taste. and it is easy to take the CAT bus to the strip and thanks to the LV police, there's little crime to worry about. for $40 a night I get a huge suite with two A/C units, a fridge, a dining area, a wrap-around terrace, a sofa, a king sized bed and a good bathroom..What else do you need??	
Aug 9 2004	Great Bargain!!!	My husband and I spent a week at 'the spike' in November. After reading the reviews I didn't know what to expect. For a room under $50 a night it was better than what I expected. The staff was helpful, the room was actually very large compared to the other Vegas hotels, and the cheap blackjack was great at the end of the night. Included in the price of the room was a free breakfast and that wasn't bad either. I always felt safe walking to or from Freemont at night and the property did have security working outside every night we were there. Is it as nice as Mandalay Bay? Far from it. But it's cheap, was clean, and instead of spending money on a room I spent very little time in I spent it in the casinos!	
Aug 4 2004	Decent place that grows on you	Like some readers, I was a bit apprehensive about what to expect after reading the reviews. For $25-$30 a night, it was pretty decent! My husband and I were put off initially upon entering the very smokey casino, but after checking into our room, the place started to grow on us :-) The room was clean and decent, and perfect for what we needed-- a bed and a shower. The air conditioning worked fine-- a little loud, but nothing too disturbing (and I am the world's lightest, most sensitive sleeper!) The food at the diner was pretty good, too-- nothing fancy, but great prices for decent quality meals. Location was pretty ideal-- right in downtown, walking distance to Fremont, and a short ride to the Strip. And the service staff was really friendly! The only negative comment I'd have is the smokiness of the casino, but really-- we didn't come to Vegas to stay holed up in one hotel/casino. So unless you're super sensitive to smoke (which you'll only get walking through the casino) I'd recommend the Gold Spike as a good, cheap place to hang your hat at the end of the day.	
Jul 15 2004	Cramped smoky and dirty	I've stayed in a lot of Vegas hotels, both Strip and downtown, and this was easily the worst place I've stayed. I know it's the cheapest, but do they have to prove it in so many ways? The room was shoehorned into a corner (the door looked like it opened into a closet), the front desk, located in the casino itself, looked like a $10/hour motel desk, and the whole place reeked of smoke. I suppose this could be called &quot;Old Vegas&quot;, but yikes! Unless you are really strapped for cash and are a smoker, do yourself the favor and spend the other $20 to go somewhere else!	
Jun 10 2004	Not bad Not Bad!	After reading the reviews on the website, I was real worried about this hotel. But, for the price, it was just fine! Overall, the beds were very comfortable, the showers were very hot, and look out for the water pressure! The lighting in the hotel room was very dim, but open the drapes, let in some hot Vegas sun, and you having lighting! Very close to Fremont Street, and only a $12 cab ride to Caesar's Palace at the center of the strip. If you can walk quickly through the yucky casino to the elevator to sleep and shower, you can handle this place! The casino could really use a remodel job--1970s wood paneling, and stunk of stale smoke--need a new ventilation system for sure. Still, for the price of $108 including all taxes and fees for 3 nights over a long weekend, I know the price can't be beat!!!	
May 6 2004	Great for low rollers	The Gold Spike is not for everyone. If what you want is a decent room with a decent bed to sleep in and an adequate bathroom to shower in for $25 - $30 a night this is the place for you. If you desire anything upscale or fancy don't even think about it. In other words, if Motel 6 is fine you will like this place and if you like the Hyatt or Marriott skip it. The casino is dark and populated with some strange characters but they typically have one $2 double deck and one $2 single deck blackjack table (full pay on a natural) going at all times and a $5 single deck table open in the evenings. There is a fourth table that I have NEVER seen open! If you like blackjack without high limits this place is for you. Cheap slots abound if that's what you are into. Usually one cocktail waitress so service is not speedy but I have waited a lot longer in other places. I stick to Heinekens but have heard the mixed drinks are weak. Overall, if you like cheap gambling and don't need luxury this place is great. Otherwise, stay far away.	
May 3 2004	Enjoyed	My husband and I decided to go to Vegas for our 14th Anniversary. We were there from 4/19/04 to 4/23/04 and have never been there before. We stayed at Gold Spike and read all the reviews before going so didn't know what to expect but we thought it was a great place to stay and plan to stay there next time we go. The people were so nice and helped push the elevator button when are hands were full. They just were very helpful. It is walking distance from the bus and only cost 5 to ride the bus all day. We had a great time and anyone who isn't planning on just sitting in there room will enjoy the stay. Nothing fancy but it is were slept and ate at night. We did do most of our winning in the casino too. 	
Apr 28 2004	You can't beat it for the price	You can't beat this place for the price. Located in downtown Las Vegas (the old strip). Had a nice king bed. There are a lot of homeless people around and you have to be careful but for the price it was surpisingly nice.	
Apr 13 2004	Not too shabby!	We stayed at the Gold Spike April 8-11 to attend the Viva Las Vegas 7 Rockabilly weekend. The room was clean and what I would consider adequate. The price was great and the location was good. There was easy access to the freeway and to Las Vegas Blvd (strip). The diner left just a bit to be desired as far as the service goes, but the food was good and reasonably priced. For staying at the hotel, you automatically get entered into the drawings they have twice daily, and each day you are there you get either a free breakfast coupon or a 'buy one get one free' meal ticket. Didn't have a problem with the neighborhood it was in, felt perfectly safe walking in from the parking lot in the middle of the night. Would definitely stay there again on our next trip to Vegas. Not the Ritz, but definitely a decent place to rest your weary body.	
Apr 12 2004	What an awful place	This was my second time in Vegas and was visiting to get married. Since we are older and the second time for both of us getting married we decided to sleep cheap and spend our money on touring. I just want to let others know to not do what we did...upgrade a bit. It was terrible. The first morning we decided to eat our &quot;free&quot; breakfast at the hotel. We had to clean our own table. Out of all the tables we picked the cleanest one we could find and it was not clean. Food was OK. Our room was filthy..the carpet was more dirty than clean. I would never have walked on it barefoot. The air did not work very well..by the time we left ..after 4 days.. our room was starting to cool off. The bathroom drain was open and the water backed up in it and filled the bottom of the bath tub. I was never comfortable to leave the room and go to gamble myself. The casino, restaurant, and bar were continually filled with a transient population. It was very dark and smelly. On the last night we were there I picked up my pillow and crickets jumped out of my pillow case. My suggestion would be to find another place to stay this one needs to be leveled. The highlight of the place is the desk staff. They are helpful and seem overworked but very nice.	
Apr 7 2004	Hey a nice place to stay at a great price.	I like the &quot;the spike&quot; a lot. Me and My Fellas always stay at the gold spike. The rooms are nice and the people are friendly. Most of the time when you are on vacation you didn't be in your room due to being out sightseeing or partying. The Gold spike allows you to spent less on a room and more on your vacation. We are going again from april 29th to May 3rd.. We Love it..	
Apr 5 2004	Funky "Old School" Vegas	If you are into people watching, $1 Blackjack and nickel slots, you will love this place. If you want to book the Jacuzzi Suite at the Luxor, keep looking!Yes, it's well-worn (the Casino, not the clean, remodeled rooms), but it is the real and authentic deal. I've stayed here on most trips since 1980, and really appreciate the VIP treatment that would require a large bankroll on the Strip. I also agree with the locals that downtown Casinos offer the best slot machine odds.	
Mar 24 2004	Retro Downtown -- Give It A Try!	Every other review written about the &quot;Spike&quot; is probably true -- it's all in the eyes of the beholder. I booked there because of price. At about $25 a night, the Gold Spike was by far the cheapest decent place this time of year in Vegas. Driving up it looked a little sketchy, but I've seen worse. From the other reviews, I was ready to choke to dealth when I walked in the casino. I am and have always been a non smoker. I found the air in the casino to be just fine. Sure, there were plenty of people smoking, but nothing worse than any other casino's air, and even better than some. Even sitting next to someone smoking at the blackjack table wasn't too bad. The ventilation seemed great to me. The rooms were perfect: clean, comfortable, safe, and dirt cheap. I asked for and got a non-smoking room, and it was indeed a non-smoking room. Outside temperatures were pushing 90 and the air conditioner worked fine. Walking a block to the Fremont Experience and the other downtown casinos was never scary, no matter what time of day or night. I saw security walking and on bikes all time and felt safe. There were a few bums around, but I was never bothered. Played some blackjack at the casino, and the $2 minimums were great. Didn't see that anywhere else in town. Some of the dealers couldn't count very well, which added to the entertainment of it all. The other gamblers in the casino were some of the most colorful characters I've ever met! Give the &quot;Spike&quot; a try if you want a good, cheap room, and don't mind a little local flavor. If you want a fancy hotel, a pool, and ritzy service, than go somewhere else!	
Feb 9 2004	bring some Febreeze		
Dec 5 2003	Absolutely Disgusting!		
Nov 18 2003	The Golden Spike The Different Side of Las Vegas		
Aug 29 2003	Good Stay		
Aug 2 2003	This Place Sux		
Mar 13 2003	This place is a trip! (Love it)		
Jan 18 2003	Good room / Legal Cheating by the Casino		
Jan 6 2003	well worth the price		
Nov 24 2002	This place rocks!!!		
Sep 30 2002	A Clean Quiet Really Cheap Suite		
Nov 28 2007 	Le motel le plus connu et le moins cher du downtown !		
