	third tier at best	No character hotel. No luxury. Very uncomfortable beds / pillows. Couldn't sleep there. No room amenities, not even a mini-bar. Was cheap but you get what you pay for . . .	
	good	good stay, nice place ..access to pool and casinos and strip..the only prob was with regard to the view of the room..i got a seventeenth floor..still was not able to get a good view :( so u should specify tht when u check in	
	Perfect place for a wedding!	Had a beautiful suite and enjoyed every minute! Hotel was in the perfect spot for everything. Close to shows, other hotels and dining. Hotel was very clean and bright, and full of life! Atteded a wedding and that was done very nice as well. Simple, but nice. Rooms neat and clean.	
Nov 25 2009 	Suite Wonderful - Casino Marginal	Stayed in a very nice suite - lots of room, great furniture &amp; decor.Casino downstairs was marginal. Parking was a nightmare getting in and out.	
Nov 24 2009 	Not worth the trouble	There were so many issues with this hotel. We wanted it for the location of course but I would rather stay further away from center strip then deal with this hotel again. They did comp us to try to make up for it. Room was dirty (beds not even made with blankets on the floor) could not get our two rooms together until our 2nd night. Sink, tub both clogged and had to have someone come work on it in both rooms. Luggage assistance took over an hour and three phone calls and two managers to move us to our new rooms. I was there for a birthday so this was even worse for me but that is always one of those things that no one else cares about but it makes problems even worse for you.	
Nov 24 2009 	Entrance Fee for Gym??	I did not appreciate that, since I'd already paid to stay there. There was even a per person usage fee for the jacuzzi. NOT COOL!!!	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice!	Quiet compared to other casinos on the strip. Nicely decorated, clean, great service!	
Nov 21 2009 	excellent value	have stayed at the monte carlo many times, very good value, good bars and restaurants on site, easy access to I-15, would recommend and will stay. again	
Nov 20 2009 	LOVED IT!	My friend Devyn and I stayed here after leaving the dreadddedddd imperial palace. They had the most relaxing lounge area with a WAVE pool.. so cool. Rooms were clean, place was beautiful, I felt like i was royalty and I only payed $59.00 a night. PLUS, we were right next to NY NY and got 2 ride the roller coaster. Monte Carlo had every possible amenity, amazing staff, and amazing views from the rooms (not like the brick wall we had at 'imperial palace', seriously no joke, perfect place for a murder mystery). Anyway, back to Monte Carlo...I would stay there every time if i could.	
Nov 16 2009 	A fantastic vacation!	I stayed here in the basic room for four nights. We had an excellent rate as part of a special fall travel package, which also gave us some other discounts and coupons. The location was fantastic right in the heart of the strip, close to MGM and New York, New York, when we often ate. The rooms were clean and had everything we expected for the rate we paid. The service was great for the most part, however the concierge did not have alot of suggestions for activites, but when we know what to ask for, he was able to help. Also, we booked some spa treatments, which for the level of service were a bit overpriced. There was nothing wrong, but i felt that they didn't go over and above for the hefty price they charged.We are one evening at the pub, and the burgers and specialty alcholic milkshakes were absolutely fantastic. I would def recommend trying them out for a more casual dining experience. We did not eat at any of the other restaurants. The open hours were not great, and we could not get seated in Brand steakhouse the one evening we tried. This was our only other concern. We couldn't get much in the way of late night food. Even the pub closed early during the week. Instead, we ate mostly at MGM and NYNY.As for the casino, it was much smaller than the others. Not being a gambler myself, I don't know if this is a plus or not, but it was small.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great value on the strip!	I stayed at the Monte Carlo in August of 2009 with my best friend. First time to Vegas!We booked with Tripcentral.ca and flew out of Toronto via Sunwing. Included in our package were free tickets to KA.The Monte Carlo may not be as big as the other strip hotels, but upon first glance you can appreciate the understated elegance. The lobby is lovely with fresh flower arrangements. Check in was a relatively painless procedure.The room was clean and quiet. Two double beds and a decent bathroom. To cut down on the &quot;getting ready&quot; time I used the shower at the gym/spa so my friend could have the bathroom to herself. What a deal!!! I paid $39 for a 3-day pass that included use of the gym, sauna, whirlpool &amp; cool plunge, a sitting room with complimentary juice/bottled water/fruit, etc. I used their shampoo, conditioner, soap, shaving gel, razors, hair dryer, curling iron, hairspray, etc. It was like this private little peace of heaven in the middle of Vegas. Very relaxing. The gym had a good selection of cardio equipment and weights and it was not busy. It was a really great way to start each crazy Vegas day! The pool area was nice. The usual towel/reservation thing happens. I didn't gamble much, but the casino was fun. No problems getting drinks the first night, but after that I gave up. The lack of waitresses on the floor was one of my only complaints. I felt bad for them because they were really trying to keep up with the demand. The buffet was good. We had the breakfast buffet twice and at $18/person we made the most of it!!! I tried grits for the first time!All in all, I don't think you can beat the value of the Monte Carlo. The location is great and the facilities are very nice. There is a Duece stop right outside the Monte Carlo which makes getting around the strip a lot easier on your poor tired feet (abandon your vanity and wear comfortable shoes!!!!).	
Nov 14 2009 	Good quality hotel with "off the strip" prices!	We stayed 5 nights at this hotel and would stay here again. Its next door to Hotel New York New York and across the road from the Coca Cola bottle (20feet high) were the Tix4today office is for half price show tickets. Tix4today is THE place to buy all show tickets except Caesars Palace. The Monorail is a bit of a walk through the MGM Grand Hotel but it is much quicker especially if you use it to go to Fremont Experience (NOT to be missed!). The Deuce bus, outside the Cola Cola bottle is $7 for the day but does take 45 mins to get to Fremont Experience although you see lots more from the bus. Trolley bus no longer operates!The food at the cafe restaurant at the Hotel Monte Carlo was excellent and at reasonable prices for the standard. (we had no time to try their buffet) Some of the better known larger hotels were a disappointment for food and overpriced. Best buffet is at the Bellagio Hotel but note that dinner prices start at 3pm! Don't get caught out with the Gelato at $16 at Caesars Palace!Each hotel offers from $5 upwards to join their Players Clubs for their casinos. its free to join , You get a card with the money on and as you play points are added to your card for prizes even room rate specials, IF you spend alot.Las Vegas has something for everyone, each hotel is a mini &quot;Disneyworld&quot; so allow plenty of time and a good pair of comfortable shoes!	
Nov 13 2009 	Monte Carlo	We got a suite, which was MUCH better than the standard rooms and included a fridge. Still no kettle though, as is common in Las Vegas, but we bought our own from a pharmacy across the road for less than $10. In-room internet service was terrible and the business centre is closed on weekends. The hotel has a great location though and the $18 (plus tax) dinner buffet is absolutely fantastic. Tariff during the week was almost half that of the weekend.	
Nov 13 2009 	11/13/09 bed bugs....should have read the reviews	First of all, I was upset when I realized in the middle of the night that I was sleeping on the mattress instead of on a sheet. Turns out, at least in our room, there was not a bottom sheet - the kind with elastic to hold the sheet in place. Instead, they were using two top sheets so the sheet was just laid out on the mattress.Sunday while checking out, I saw 6 bites. Didnt think much of it - in a rush to get home. Then that night and the next few days, more bites. Weird that they appeared in two different places - Vegas and home (so Cal). Itch like crazy and in &quot;clusters&quot; on different parts of my body look more like welts. Researched after becoming suspicious and found out they can appear up to 9 days after getting bit and they look more like welts and they bite in clusters (ussually 3) which is what I have. Total of 21 bites. Disgusting.	
Nov 12 2009 	We were very happy with our hotel choice.	We just returned from 4 days (3 nights) at the Monte Carlo in Las Vegas, and we are very happy with our choice of hotel. We had read some rather negative reviews here, after having made our reservations, and were a little concerned that we might end up disappointed. Wrong.Check in, at 11am, was smooth and quick. As was stated here before, there were several lines along the registration desk, and it was luck of the draw as far as choosing the best line went. But there was a manager guiding people to shorter lines, and he quickly opened up two more stations. We had booked three separate rooms and had expected to only be able to check in, leave our bags, and come back later to get into our rooms. But two of our rooms were ready (we could have had all three if we didn't want to be on the same floor.), and the desk clerks were friendly and professional.The rooms themselves were large and luxurious. The bathrooms had new granite countertops; floors and tubs had obviously been recently re-tiled. Towels were large and thick. Everything was spotlessly clean, and throughout our stay, housekeeping was thorough, if a little unpredictable.It has also been noted here that the walls are paper thin. Not quite, but we could hear plumbing sounds and a neighbor with a bad cough. Construction noise from the new City Center next door was minimal. And hey, it's Vegas! Who expects peace and quiet??Two definite negatives: The daily &quot;Resort Fee&quot; is a bogus way to wring more money out of guests. We were told that it went toward bottled water and daily newspapers. Two bottles of water were present in the room when we checked in. Because we didn't drink them, we obviously were never given any more. And the newspapers are stacked by the elevator, and were gone by 9am....Negative #2: The pool CLOSES at 4PM! The pool is very nice, and I should say pools, plural. There's a large pool, a wave pool, a hot tub, and a lazy river. But it's all closed up at 4pm. No evening soaking in the hot tub. We enjoyed the pools on two afternoons, but really would have enjoyed them again in the evening. And the inner tubes for the lazy river are WAAAAY over-priced. (Shouldn't that Resort Fee cover these?)We loved the casino itself and the dealers. The buffet is spectacular, especially the Sunday Brunch. Parking is free!! And the location couldn't be better.We hadn't been to Vegas in over 10 years, and it well may be that long before we get a chance to go back, so a negative hotel experience would have really spoiled a special trip. That just didn't happen.	
Nov 10 2009 	just average but always consistent	Went here in April with a friend. (This is a late submission). I've stayed here before, and the construction was still going on, but it was expected, so again, not too much of an issue. The room was good, the value was good. What I haven't done in Vegas before was chill by the pool. ( When hubby and I go to Vegas, we're usually tied up with shopping and sightseeing) We spent our days by the pool, and our nights partying at the clubs. What a great vacation. The sun sits right in the middle of the sky and when you get too warm the lazy river cools you off just right. Let me just say the DJ and his/her mash-ups were either awesome or horrible. But the thumping of the music and crowd of people to watch... it was perfect.I didn't notice before, but there is an awfully strong floral smell emitted into the hotel that I found this time to be nauseating. In fact, my leather jacket (which stayed in my suitcase for the duration of the trip) reeked of it for weeks after.As always, the service is fine (not outstanding but not bad), the decor and cleanliness are fine. We had a poolside room which I guess if you are spending the days in your room might be an issue- the music carried up to the 27th floor and rocked our walls- but we were cool with it. (After laying by the pool all day we had to have a nap to make sure we were in shape for the night's festivities! It's a tough life!)Tip- try Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville for an inexpensive, entertaining dinner. Or another favorite? Gonzales Y Gonzales in New York New York! That place never fails to satisfy a craving for southwestern cusine- and, you can get the mile high margaritas there too!! Another great place for dinner- The Voodoo Restaurant. Expensive and classy with awesome service and cool decor. Afterwards, head up to the VooDoo Lounge for some drinks and enjoy the view on the rooftop patio. Be advised, after 10 pm, tables are reserved for bottle service only, but with the DJ and crowd out on the patio, who wants to be sitting at a table? It's one of my favorite nightspots!The Monte Carlo isn't the Wynn, or Caesars. It's average accomodation with a great location on the strip. It's nothing extremely fancy, and is not at all a dive-joint. The pool is fantastic, the location is great, (also there's a CVS right next door and a Walgreens across the street in case you need sunblock, toiletries, etc)	
Nov 10 2009 	Don't waste your money at Monte Carlo	We were booked to stay at the hotel for 2 nights on Nov. 6 and 7th. However, we arrived one night early and booked a room on Wednesday, Nov. 5th. Our rooms were okay, however, they never came to clean our rooms and the room rugs and hall rugs were stained and dirty. We stayed on the 18th floor, it looked like they emptied the hallways, nothing was there, no chairs etc. I would never recommend this hotel for the price they charged. We did book the rooms for Nov. 6 at a price of $130.00 and on Nov. 7 the price was $165.00, we could not believe they on a wednesday they charged us $175.00 plus taxes.	
Nov 9 2009 	The Monte Carlo is a breath of fresh air!	At the end of the day after touring the streets and hotels on the strip, it was always niceto come back to the Monte Carlo. It is elegant. The lobbies, hallways smell like fresh flowers and CLEAN (not smoky). Coming back always felt like a reprieve from the craziness of the strip! Our room was 'fine'. Stayed for 3 nights and the housekeeping service wasn't spectacular, we found surfaces and floors were not clean upon return each day. The room attendants also make a lot of noise in the mornings vacuuming the halls and knocking on doors. Finally, the walls are thin, and we had to listen to the neighbors partying in bed!The pool area is lovely, but keep in mind it closes at 5pm SHARP. (Music off, bar closed and we were literally thrown out of the hottub by the lifeguard staff). We were hoping to enjoy the hottub in the early evening under the stars, but it seems all pools and hottubs in Vegas close early, for safety reasons we guess.The Monte Carlo is central to everything, and we would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 7 2009 	Enjoyed every minute of our stay	We spent 3 nights at the Monte Carlo and enjoyed every minute. Check-in was quick, and the desk clerk was friendly and helpful. We arrived at 11 a.m. and were in our room 20 minutes later. He gave us a room near the elevators, as requested, because my husband has trouble walking. We like to sleep in on vacation and one day didn't leave the room until 1 p.m., but the housekeepers respected the Do Not Disturb sign and somehow managed to clean the room as soon as we were gone. They did a great job--our room was sparkling clean every day. 8 of us met for the Sunday brunch buffet and spent a few hours there visiting, but the wait staff never seemed impatient and the food was great! The fitness room was well-equipped, and I appreciated the free water and juice. Only one small complaint--the daily resort fee covers just 1 trip to the fitness room per day. If I wanted to use the weights in the morning and go back later for the treadmill, it was an extra $5. That seems ridiculous to me, but it's a pretty small thing compared to all the other great things about this hotel. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Nov 6 2009 	FIRST TIME IN VEGAS AND LOVED THE MONTE CARLO	My boyfriend and I went to Vegas for the first time Oct 2-7th. We had origanally choose to stay at one of the fancier hotels, but later decided on the Monte Carlo because of the good price. We were more than happy with what we got!!! The Monte Carlo is deffiantly not one of the top notch luxary hotels, but it was exactly what we needed. The rooms were basic, but suffecient. We paid extra to have a high room /strip view. Not necessary, but it was a great view. The room was a bit on the small side. Similar to what you would have at a Holiday Inn, but it was clean and enjoyable. The bed was comfortable and the sheets clean. Did not enjoy the 9.50 service charge per day for the &quot;luxary's&quot; of the room, such as room service, 2 small waters fresh daily, and local newspaper daily. I was highly impressed with the fact that the shower was probably the best that I had ever been in, in a hotel. Great water pressure and no lack of hot water, even when the 2 other people in the room with me showered first. Overall, great value for room. Although I was in awe over some of the other hotels such as the bellagio, and venetian, I would stay at the Monte Carlo any day over them! The Monte Carlo is a smaller hotel/casino, but for us that was exactly what we wanted. I never got lost in our hotel, like I did in the majority of the other larger hotels. By the end of our first night there I basically new where all the resturants and food courts were, and could easily make it up to our room within a few minutes. In some of the larger hotels, such as the MGM, Bellagio and Venetian you can literrally get lost and walk around for an hour before you find what you are looking for. Such a waste of time when you are in VegasLocation was GREAT!!!!! I loved where we were!! Not quite in the middle of the strip, but directley accross the street from the bus stop at the MGM Grand where you could buy day and week passes. Also, directly across from a couple ticket stands where you could get discount tickets for shows for the day. This was always our first stop where we would make our plans for the day. Last, there is a Denny's right across the street where you can get breakfast for cheap!As for the resturants in the hotel, we had the opportunity to visit 2. We ate lunch at the newley branded &quot;Pub&quot;. Ordered 2 build your own burgers and 2 domestic beers a peice. The burgers were probably the best we ever had, HUGE, and just overall delious!! They however do not list their prices on the menu, and this should have been my first clue to try something different! The burger and fries were 25.00 a peice and 5.00 domestic draft beers. This came to a 75.00 dollar tab!! Was not expecting that! We did also go to &quot;The Buffet&quot; for breakfast one morning and it was good. A lot to choose from, but nothing to extraordianary. Prices are deffaintly cheaper for the buffet during the week. Over all, we had a GREAT experience at the Monte Carlo and would deffeintly stay there again because of the value that we got for our money, the size of the hotel, and the great location! Would not recommend it to the 20 something that is going to Vegas to stay up all night and party because for the most part it was fairly quite, but would deffaintly recommend it to the people who are there to sight see and take Las Vegas in and get a good rest at night!	
Nov 4 2009 	Brilliant Week	We had been to Las Vegas twice before staying at the Excalibur and the Luxor. After spending a week travelling to Arizona and Utah we were spending our last week in Vegas to celebrate a friends wedding. Members of the party were staying at the Bellagio, Wynne, New York New York and Luxor, but we were looking for the best deal in a reasonable hotel and the Monte Carlo seemed the best option. Initially we had booked for 8 nights but arrived in Vegas a night earlier and the service desk were very helpful in accommodating us. Our room was a bit dated but clean. The Monte Carlo looks very impressive from the outside and is spacy inside it is also ideally situated on the strip. There are cheap eating and drinking options which the upmarket hotels do not have. We tried the buffet at lunch and it was very good. There was building work going on between the hotel and the Bellagio which we didnt here but it was a pain having to walk through it. Our friends and the bride and groom were staying at the Bellagio so we did spend a lot of time at that hotel which is very luxurious but also expensive for drinks etc. so they were joining us at the Monte Carlo in the evening. We would return to the Monte Carlo as we found it hard to fault, perhaps new decor!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great place for Vegas getaway	You don't go to Vegas to hang out in your room and for that reason the Monte Carlo is PERFECT! Not that the rooms are bad, they are just average. Spacious, with comfortable beds and clean and nice washroom. But the best part is this hotel is a great price, is amazing location and has a lovely pool area. Would definitely recommend!!	
Nov 2 2009 	Halloween for Adults	Staff friendly at check in, Pub bar and at the Buffet. Paid extra for a high floor with a view, but disappointed because city center blocked more than half of the strip view. Room was clean, but worn out sheets and bed covers were pilled. In room movies were not up to date, I guess 6 months or a year old. Internet was 14.99 for 24hrs. Wireless was very low and wired did not work. My room needed serious updating. I liked the in room safe. Bell service was quick and friendly. I missed the microbrewery. The in room phone was so old that none of their services were listed. You had to dial the operator to get the right extension. Housekeeping was professional and courteous.	
Nov 1 2009 	TAKE A CHANCE ON THE MONTE CARLO	Four of us stayed between the 25th October and the 30th October, and had a great time. I have previously stayed at the Venetian, obviously the Monte Carlo is nowhere near the Venetian in luxury. However it is over half the price. Our rooms on the 25th Floor overlooked the pool, and the soon to be open City Centre Site. We had no problems with construction noise as the project is almost complete. However the new buildings cast a shadow over the pool area for a large part of the day, so if lazing by the pool is your thing you may want to go elsewhere. I had a problem with the safe in my room. This was quicky fixed by the friendly security staff. The rooms do need some modernisation but are clean and have everything you need. The hotel is not themed so it does not attract large amounts of gawping tourists, just guests and gamblers. The buffet is ok, but the close by MGM Grand is better. The hotel also includes a food court, with Starbucks, Macdonalds, Subway and a few others. The hotel is in a good position on the strip. Don't buy food or drink from the hotel shop, pop outside to the CVS Pharmacy or Walgreens and you will save loads. The MGM Grand across the road will give you access to the Monorail, but if there are a few of you, it may be cheaper and quicker to get a taxi. To sum up, The Monte Carlo is not the best hotel on the strip but very good value for money. Our room cost $340 for 5 nights, which at this time is £207. This is excellent value.	
Nov 1 2009 	Better than Functional	Stayed for 5 nights in Vegas for the first time. The place itself has to be seen, as does the Grand Canyon. The hotel was less obviously themed than some on The Strip. It was pleasant but has no &quot;wow&quot; factor. It seemd big, but is smaller than some nearby. It is essentially functional abnd 'does what it says on the tin' We had breakfast over the road @ Denny's, which is better value and probably better quality, than what's on offer in the Cafe or the Buffet within the hotel itself. There are all the usual fast food outlets on site too, but was of little or no interest to us beyond Starbuck's for a takeaway coffee. There's a massive construction next door a &quot;city within a city&quot; as was described to us. I think all the noisy part of that is now over, but the hotel has a procession of hard hatted, high-vis. jacketed workers filling most of the middle quality or fast food outlets during the day as they take their breaks. It does not enhance any attempt @ ambience. Some of the day-to-day manitainance taking place was also a bit obtrusive, lots of screened off area and painting going on.&quot;The Pub&quot; an on site restaurant, does very reasonable burgers and steaks with all the usual immense quantities. It finishes serving @: 10.00 p.m. which we felt was a tad early for a city that doesn't sleep.Movement around the hotel is helped by a clever multi-lift arrangement i.e. certain floor sequences from certain lift areas, it seemed very efficient.The room was big, basic mostly quite clean. The toiletries were non-decsript and a tad mean. No bath robes, but I guess in a hotel that size, maybe they'd be pinched at a rate of knots. Ice machine down the corridor and a freebie USA Today newspaper each day was a nice touch. The hotel from other reviews has a reputation for being noisy, thin walls etc. People being raucous outside and next door could occassionally disturb, but it wasn't that bad.The Bellagio next door just gave off a classier feel as did Cesar's Palace. The Casino again was functional and okay, compared to say the hotels like The Sahara and The Stratosphere in the North and very scruffy part of town, which smelt of fast food, pop-corn and candy floss.The pool with its river ring ride and waves was fine, but not as splendid as the near neighbours already mentioned.We had a great view from our room. There was little to disappoint, but thereare unsurpisingly better hotels.Ray and SandraOrpington	
Oct 30 2009 	We used to love the Monte Carlo	My family came to Vegas to celebrate my mom-in-law’s 80th birthday. We usually stay at the Monte Carlo due to the service, rooms and location. Within a few steps, you have several casinos to visit and the Rosewood Grille is right across the street. We normally have had great luck with the Monte Carlo, but this trip might be our last stay.It all started at check in. The still have people getting into a variety of lines to get to the front desk. Instead of one line and you get the next available person, you get into a line and hope you pick the right one. I, of course, did not. I watched as people who came in after me go to the front desk staff while I stood and stood. I only had 3 single people in front of me, but of course, as they got the desk, 2 – 4 others joined them. So after a 20 minute wait, I was finally at the front desk.I booked this trip over 6 months ago asking for connecting rooms, one with a king, one with two queens. Of course, they could not do this. I had options of a king in a handicap room on a different floor from the 2nd room or two rooms that were both queens in various sections of the same floor. After some work, they were finally able to get us two rooms, both queens, close to one another. You would think with today’s technology, the planning for rooms would not be this difficult. So after 30 minutes, we were finally up to our room. The rooms were okay. I remember the Monte Carlo having nicer rooms, but I guess they are just getting old. What was really disappointed is the condition of the room from the cleaning staff. All the beds looked like, after they were made, someone laid in the middle of the beds. The comforters were wrinkled and in one case, the pillows were on the bed, not under the comforter. So we spent the first part of our visit looking the room over to ensure it had actually been cleaned.The first evening and day was nice. The casino was clean, getting around was easy and the staff at the hotel were courteous. They cleaned our rooms as expected and the room seemed to be in good shape, until we went to bed. In one of the room, the sheets did not fit either queen bed. It was like some camping trip where you got your bed short sheeted. We tried to strip and remake the beds, but it did not matter. The sheets were not the right size. So we slept on part sheet, part mattress.The final insult were the surveys I was asked to fill out. I was offered surveys two time from the Monte Carlo and the survey links never work. I guess now that most of the hotels in Vegas are owned by one major company, the term service is not longer practiced.	
Oct 30 2009 	I'm changing brands	Been a seven star with Harrah's for years and I've never received this kind of treatment. Limo driver waited an hour because of late flight, host met us at the door, signed in VIP lounge, escorted to room, etc. Good food, very nice room, even hit some payables. Better than any annual trip Harrah's gives. I hardley ever played at MGM properties before, but I sure will from now on. If you want to be treated cheap then stay at Harrah's. Well done, Monte Carlo!	
Oct 29 2009 	Great locatio great stay	Stayed here for 5 nights between 7-11 Oct for my 40th birthday after visit to New York, taxi ride from airport less than 10 mins we paid $20 including tip. Arrived about 4pmish &amp; check in was empty, we were given choice of rooms, some were ready &amp; some not. We choose 13th floor with king size bed pool view but had to wait 30mins to be ready so checked luggage in &amp; went to pub for beer. Friendly barman each time we visited. Room was good size &amp; clean, tv,safe,iron &amp; ironing board. Clean bathroom, we did notice water was slow to drain when showering but nothing major. View of pool, noticed building around but never heard any noise. Never used pool area but had a look around, needed to show room key to enter &amp; looked in my bag, looked good &amp; popular. Because built up area we did notice pool didn't get a lot of sun. Food hall was really handy. We ate at the chinese restaurant (not the food hall chinese) &amp; The Brand both meals were good, look out for the girls giving out the 241 cocktails vouchers for The Brand cocktails. Casino was large &amp; easy to navigate, cocktails waitresses were around but not as often as I liked!!! Location of hotel was great. We walked everywhere but you have options to use monorail &amp; buses. Only downside we found was showing ID, in hotels &amp; restuants never asked, but when viisting bar,club or paying by VISA we were asked nearly every time, As we come from the UK we did find it a little frustating, I don't drive so only had passport which I was not keen to carry with me everywhere, managed to blagg it in few places 'sorry we're from England &amp; don't need to carry ID' no problem but one bar would not serve us &amp; we are 40 &amp; 46!!!!!! other than that we has a great time &amp; would stay here again &amp; hope to visit in the future.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful Property but Disappointing Room	The Monte Carlo is a gorgeous hotel with great restaurant choices and a nice pool area. We splurged and booked a spa room with a hot tub overlooking the city. When we arrived, we were immediately disappointed with the cleanliness of the room. Though it was on a non-smoking floor, the room reeked of cigarette smoke. The jacuzzi tub was dirty, and there were rings on the coffee table and near the jacuzzi where drinks had been set by previous guests. The first time we used the bathroom, we found a &quot;surprise&quot; floating in the toilet! For the money we paid, we expected a fresher, cleaner room. Though food and drinks at the cafe and pub were excellent, service at the cafe was slow. We also waitied in line for half an hour to be seated, even though half the seats were empty inside. Maybe they were short-staffed, but why did that become our problem? Overall, our stay at the Monte Carlo was disappointing and I wouldn't stay there again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Hotel Monte Carlo	This hotel was in the middle of the &quot;new&quot; strip in Vegas. New York New York to one side and the new City Center to the other side. Just finished the El Diablo Grill and Bar addition prior to our arrival. Had a great time.	
Oct 26 2009 	Monte Carlo Resort is the Place to spend your vacation!	We have spent the last five years of our vacation at Monte Carlo Hotel Las Vegas. the service is excellent and we are very pleased. The restaurants are nice although I miss the Blackstone Restaurant with the delicious Prime Rib, Brand is okay.Monte Carlo is the place for us! We will stay over and over again!Art	
Oct 25 2009 	Perfect Hotel for our vacation!	Myself, my father and brother stayed at the Monte Carlo for 4 nights October 19-23 and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. The hotel is located between the city center (which is currently under construction) and New York, New York. There are many restaurants, nightclubs and shopping within walking distance.Our room was on the 18th floor and had an awesome view of the pool and new City Center. The room was well kept, clean and had everything we needed (there is hair dryer and iron/board in room). All that really matters is that you have a bed - you are in vegas!! if you want a nice quiet place - stay home!!The staff at the Monte Carlo are awesome! Anything you need (extra towels, water, matches... etc.) they have it to you in no time and with a smile. They even took 2 long distance phone calls off our bill because I didn't get through ($15 per call - buy a phone card!!) check - in and check out was a breeze. The only thing i didn't like was the $9.50 per day resort fee. It included bottles of water in the room daily and printing of boarding passes.I have been to vegas a few times before, but my father and brother never have, so we rented a car and I took them to the Hoover Dam. We stopped at a few of the older historic casinos and hotels on the way. Make sure you eat or pack a lunch before you get to the Hoover Dam. We paid $45.00 for 3 burgers &amp; fries there!! The casino at the monte wasnt too crowded most of the time, which is nice not to have to wait for a table or machine. We did win a little ( enough to pay for 3 tickets for 2 shows, and most of our meals) which was a bonus.Jubilee (at Bally's)- seen it 3 times now. Fantastic cabaret style show. Definately worth it. Ask cab drivers for coupon books - we got the $92.50 seats for $35.00!! We wanted tickets for the Beatles Love but it was sold out, so we saw Human Nature by Smokey Robinson at the Imperial Palace. Great show, very lively.Anyhow, I've stayed at many of the big properties in vegas, like the MGM Grand, Paris, etc., and the Monte Carlo is definately a great place to stay, we will go back for sure.One tip I can leave for people is: have a good time in vegas dont get wrapped up by the reviews and whatnot. you vacation is what you make it. If you get upset at every little thing - just stay home!!!	
Oct 24 2009 	good	great room zervice,.. clean towels, clean bathrooms, great food, fine stallions....	
Oct 23 2009 	A great time	Stayed with some friends this past week and we had a great time. We were expecting a long wait at check in but we only had to wait 10minutes and were able to check in to our hotel at 9am. The information and conceirge were extremely helpful and when one of our party realised they had left their key to their suitcase in the previous hotel, engineering was prompt in coming up and removing the lock. The hotel was clean and the food court was good except it is not open 24hours. Also vistied the Chinese/Japanese restaurant and the cocktails and food were both great. The casino is so/so but there are so many others to discover on the strip. The Monte Carlo is in a great location and we didn't hear the construction from our room. I would definately stay here again and with the current prices of around $59 a night during the week how could you not.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great location in the middle of it all	Stayed this past weekend with family. We chose the hotel for location, price and some had previously stayed there. Good experience overall with the hotel. Pros: Location on the strip. Easy to get to many other places.  Casino is a mangeable sze The Pub is a great place to have a drink, the bartender was great.  Good food selection in the hotel, from the buffet, fine dining at Andre's, even a small food court Rooms are a good sizeCons: Beds are not comfortable, still have a sore back from the bad mattress. Bathrooms could use a refresh Check in and Check out are amazingling slow and painful. The clerks are friendly enough, but there is no central line, so can take FOREVER Pool is OK-too many chairs for the space, and loud. The construction next door is pretty much over, but the bldgs loom over the area, so not the relaxing respite you would want. Afternoons attracted loud, overly intoxicated 20 somethings next to little kids.Would I stay here again? Certainly, especially if the price is good.	
Oct 22 2009 	Go -- if only for the pools!	Spent 2 nights at the Monte Carlo in late June. One of the hottest weekends hitting around 106. In JUNE!The hotel was nice, clean and what you could expect. The location was ok, but with the sprawling properties combined with the construction on the strip, we pretty much stayed put.The only issues we had with the hotel was the temperature of the rooms. We could not seem to get the a/c cool enough at night and had trouble sleeping. Also, we thought we were hearing hallway, or neighboring room conversations, but realized that the maid had left the radio on the lowest volume. A little irritating, but easy fix once we turned off the radio.THE BEST PART IS THE POOLS! Although there was a good crowd and trouble finding a seat if you were outside any later than 9am, there was plenty of water to play in and around. The lazy river was a blast! Buy an intertube at Rite Aid or the ABC Store instead of renting at the hotel. Also, bring your own beverages into the pool to save cash. The wave pool was a serious party with DJ, though the playlist could use some better rotation. I think they only played about 15 songs on a continuous loop.Another cool thing, which I suspect all hotels are going to be picking up on...you can sign up for hotel deals and discount through text messaging. We were getting offers for BOGO dinners and drinks for all the hotels in the company (includes NYNY and Caesars).We would definitely come back to the Monte.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great location room and pool!	I liked this hotel. Been to vegas probably about 6 times in the past 3-4 years so ive been to a few places. the room was huge, and smelled pretty clean. didnt have the best view but then again who cares about the view in vegas we were hardly in there anyways... bed was super comfy too. Pool does have the loud pumping music id read about but it wasn't that annoying at all. drinks at the pool were a bit pricey but what do u expect? the drink girls at the pool are smoking hot and i liked the lazy river though it wasnt exactly moving at lazy speed. sure the casino is a bit dated but we didnt play much there anyhow, the food court was handy for a quick bite and you can't beat the location for the price. mostly ive stayed at budget places like Imperial Palace and Excalibur so this was definitely a step up. check in was easy and painless as well.	
Oct 20 2009 	Simply an amazing experience.	I arrived at the Monte Carlo around 10:30PM and it took about 10 minutes to check in with no problems, oh and I love hearing &quot;You already paid for the room, we don't need to have your card on file, unless you want movies or something.&quot; We get up to the room and its HUGE! (2 Queen beds a non-smoking). The bathroom is big as well, nice tile floor and marble counter, shower head could have been updated but still very nice waterfall style. We had a great view of the New York New York and the Excalibur.We went to the pool the next day, the lazy river is pretty cool, although $12.95 for a inner-tube is kind of steep, but you can just go in without one. The other pool is nice as well, as is the jacuzzi.The service is what made this place amazing, I had a shirt on bed that I left there, I left the room to get a bite to eat, I come back and guess what the SHIRT IS FOLDED on the bed, I've never had a maid do that before.The food-court is open 24 hours but kind of pricey, for instance a foot long turkey sandwich and Subway was $9.00. If you ask the front desk for coupons upon check-in however, you can get a free soda or something with purchase.The one complaint I had was that the air conditioning unit in the room was in-wall and controlled by a thermostat in the room, you can set it to 60 and fan Hi, and it takes a while to get cold but its not loud so I guess that's good.Could use some more TV channels and also about the noise from the pool DJ, I had a room on the other side and didn't hear it. I do admit the walls are kind of thin, you can hear people talking and doors shutting but its ok, it won't keep you up because the beds are amazing.Overall, this is one of the best hotels I've stayed in, I've stayed in luxury hotels in New York and San Francisco among other places and so far only few have compared to this one.	
Oct 20 2009 	Third time lucky but then you get what you pay for	The Monte Carlo is a good on strip hotel, not fantastic, not awful, but good. On checkin we were given a smoking room with two Queen size beds and neither myself or my partner smoke, the room was tainted by the smell of cigarettes and wasn't ideal. I called the front desk and they moved us to a non smoking floor immediately. Our second room albeit slightly better had two Queen size beds again which to be frank is useless to a couple and takes up a lot of the floor space. I called the front desk and asked to be moved again to a room with a single King size bed. The front desk told me they couldn't do this for the first evening but were able to the next day. Finally, the next day we got a room that was ideal, a king size bed, and plenty of floor space for luggage, shopping etc. Throughout the experience I do have to say the front desk were accommodating and helpful at every turn.As for the remainder, the Pub has had a makeover and the Beer Towers have gone which is a bit of a bind as they made the old micro brewery worth a visit. I didn't use the pools but did go out there a couple of times, unfortunately you don't get much sun late on in the afternoon as the new building adjacent do their best to block out the sunlight. The Casino itself was ok, free craps lessons every day at 11. Occasional $5 blackjack tables for those gambling on a budget but I have to give special mention to Gail, one of the blackjack dealers. Her friendly demeanor really made playing at the table a pleasure, she introduced us to several people from all over the world and the table had a great atmosphere.There's also a Starbucks at the back of the Casino for those in need of a morning coffee, one thing I would say is the queues here get pretty big and you may have a wait so if you need a fix it might be quicker to go to NYNY next door.All in all, the location is on strip and pretty good but not central, the cleanliness and service are as you would expect from any hotel. My only gripe would be the rooms as they could probably do with being touched up but overall, we booked 90 days in advance and so got a good discount and on the strength of that it was a great value for money location and I wouldn't have any qualms staying in this hotel again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Overpaid for an under mediocre hotel... In need of a total "face lift" in room.	My boyfriend and I went to Las Vegas for my 23rd birthday. We booked the regular deluxe room which had two queens. Upon reservation, we requested to be ugraded into the Monaco suites which are the only rooms thave have been renovated. They said they couldn't do upgrades until the day we checked in, which was understandable since I work at a resort too. Check in was considerably fast and easy. Unlike most hotels, you can ACTUALLY check in with NO credit card on file, you just need to pay the hotel fee to use their gym and the phone. There's no if and buts about that either. It only came up to i think $35.So, when we requested to be ugraded even if we had to pay the difference, they were fully booked which sucked cuz we were really hoping we could stay in the Monaco Suites. We stayed on the 10th floor facing the back side of the strip. It was quiet, but the room needed to be renovated!!!The TV was outdated and was in need of more channels. It was full of hotel advertisement and had 1 news channel. LOL. The beds were comfy, but the airconditioning took FOREVER to cool the room and it wasn't a very good one either.The casino, much like all other casinos were SOOOOOO smoky that we felt like we have smoked since birth. But i mean hey, it's vegas. Near the casino, they had a few fast food places which some remaied open throughout the night. The pool seemed small as well as the lazy river and did not look clean. It was also over crowded with the chairs. Check out was fast too! so fast, that we didnt even need to stop at the front desk! LOL.The only nice thing about this hotel that you can probably brag about is the statues in the front, which is not too many. Next time, we will be staying at the Mandalay Bay, Venetian, Caesars or Bellagio.It would be worth it!	
Oct 19 2009	Would Never Return or Recommend to Anyone	We Arrived At About 2PM, Check In Was At 3PM We Didn’t Get A Room Till 4PM We Still Needed To Get Ready For A Wedding, The Water From The Shower Had Horrible Water Pressure And Below Where The Comes From Was Loose And The Water Was Hot Below But not one you Pulled It Up for a Shower, it Was horrible. I Booked My Room Weeks Ahead Of Time they charged my card for one night right away And They Still Didn’t Have A Room Ready, I Went on A Thursday And Didn’t Seem To Busy There. It Was My First Time There, And There a RE Way Better And Nicer Hotels on The Strip.	
Oct 18 2009 	Nice rooms bad nightly experience	While the rooms were nice, we had young adults partying in the rooms on each side of us until 2am. Called front desk twice with no remedy. Room 31-116Moved the next day to room 24-317, nice view of the strip. room was great and much quietier neighbors. Unfortunately the &quot;Club Diablo&quot; (part of M.C.) thumped out techno bass beats until 2am. Boom, boom, boom, boom.... The staff was apologetic, but offered discount or upgrade for our troubles.The pool was in the shade until 2pm, then sunny until 6-ish. 1 Beer and 1 maragrita - $23 including tip by the pool.Good room price, good quality. Not for someone looking to relax and call it an early night at 11pm.	
Oct 18 2009 	If you desire an ecomonic room to simply sleep in while in Vegas this is may be a good hotel for you!	In Vegas, I've been at the Wyndham, the Bellagio, theHOTEL (Mandalay Bay), Planet Hollywood, the Signature (MGM), Cesaer's Palace, and Monte Carlo. Monte Carlo = not impressed. Almost appalled. The casino and bar area was nice. However, the rooms and hallways were plain and eerie. There was little design and no suggestions of luxury. The room was surprisinlgy, worst than Holiday Inns that I've stayed at previously. Maybe I got a bad room. Staff was nice. Curtains were stained, room was empty... but that equates to alot of floor space for luggage! Bathroom was large but again, plain. When you go to Vegas, you don't expect rooms to be subpar. I have not stayed at Circus Circus, Imperial Something or Flamingo (which have less expensive rates), but if Monte Carlo is supposed to be a notch above those... consider me worried. Anyhow, I didn't spend much time in the room at all, which was a great thing. So, if you're tight on cash and just need a place to crash, consider Monte Carlo.	
Oct 18 2009 	dont bother	poor attitude by staff along with poor but expensive facilities.dont try and get a sunbed after 11am as the60 or so that arent in the shade will already be taken.if you are lucky and do manage to get one it will either be dirty or broken.dont sign for anything at the bar etc as we found a 30dollar tip had been added to our bill at andre's even though we left a 15 dollar tip.we were then told by staff that it was a slip of the pen on our behalf.its 19 dollars to use the gym plus 5dollars for the changing rooms.dont bother with the reopened pub two lots of fish and chips with a couple of beersis over 60dollars with tax.the rooms are large but very basic with thin walls leading to you listening to next doors noise. terry .uk	
Oct 18 2009 	Good hotel great layout good value	Stayed at this hotel at the end of September for a week, having previously stayed at the Luxor, Circus Circus, the Flamingo and Ballys. We chose here for a change and got a good rate for the week and we were not disappointed. Many of the hotels in Las Vegas are great but the layout is so complicated you can get lost in them. Thats where this hotel was a pleasant change. The casino was basically all one long room, the places to eat, the sports book and the bars were easy to find. The elevators came out near to the Pool and the food court so you could never get lost. We upgraded to a high floor room with a strip view for $20 dollars a night. We were the very end room in the corridor (335)and the strip view was ok, but the windows were really dirty ( I think the end room gets all the dirt from the construction next door- the room our friends were in next door to us had much cleaner windows). I would not pay to upgrade again. Anyway, the room was clean and tidy but a bit dated, with some of the furniture a bit shabby around the edges and perhaps in need of a refurb. As we faced out onto the strip it was also a little noisy (even on the 30th floor), so if you dont sleep well choose a room at the back. However, for the amount of time you spend in a room in Vegas it was fine. There was a good system for the elevators, although were were on the 30th floor, the elevators were split into groups according to the floors they serviced. Our set of lifts only stopped from floor 24 upwards so it never took long to get to the room. Most of the food court was 24 hour as was the very good 'Cafe' in the hotel. While we were there the 'Cafe' also served Steak and Eggs from midnight till 6am for just $5.99. We all tried it the one evening and the steak was very good and came with hash browns and toast, the service was also very good in the cafe, although perhaps a little slow to get the bill at the end of the 'Steak and Eggs' meal. The hotel has a good lively bar and eatery called Diablo's which has a mexican theme and opens out onto the strip. They also have a happy hour there from 3-7. The pool area was great with a lazy river, a wave pool, a normal pool and a very hot jaccuzzi . The cocktails were an average of 10 or 11 dollars by the pool, which is a little expensive but they were good. you can hire inner tubes for the lazy river for 15 dollars a day, but you can buy them at the pool shop for just $10.81 which includes them re-inflating them if necesary. The only downside with the pool area was most of it was in the shade till about 11am (probably due to the new construction of the high rise 'City centre' next door and also the time of year we were there). We tried the Chines Noodle restaurant in the hotel also, the food and service was good but the wine was a little expensive.All in all, we had a great week at the Monte Carlo and would certainly stop there again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Nothing special ... would not pay for rooms here.	We had two nights comped here so decided to take them. Check-in was very quick (Oct 10, Saturday morning). Our first room on the 31st floor had adjoining rooms on both sides and we could clearly hear the TV in the next room. We decided to change rooms and called the front desk. The same person who checked us in answered the phone and immediately changed our rooms. When we went to the front desk, the clerk had our rooms keys ready. Our new room was on the 21st floor with a view of the pool. We tried the pool. The lazy river was fun, however there was little sun. The pool area is right next to the new City Center and many of the buildings seem to block a lot of the sun.The room was fine, but the bathtub did drain very slowly - other reviews mentioned the same thing. There is nothing particularly bad with this hotel - its just not that special. As I mentioned, our rooms were comped, so I'm not really complaining. However, I don't think I would pay for a room at this hotel.	
Oct 16 2009 	Fabulous hotel great rooms. Very friendly and efficent staff	Go see for yorself the Monte Carlo is a great hotel, the rooms are very clean and comfortable, the catering within the hotel is great, service second to none. Staff very helpful and friendly. Dont know whny people moan about the music at the pool, perhaps they should stay in a convent instead, its Vegas. Come on what do you expect	
Oct 16 2009 	Dirty Old and run down!	We try to sneek away to Vegas once or twice a year ( It's only about a 50min flight ) and we have never stayed at the Monte Carlo before so we decided to give it a try. the hotel is in a good location but the rooms are old and run down and not very clean ( okay I know it's a hotel so it wont be as clean as my house, but it was pretty dirty) we did not enjoy this hotel at all. spend a little more money and stay somewhere nicer with alot more to do. we will not return.	
Oct 15 2009 	Very nice stay in a great location	The Monte Carlo was definitely someplace that I would go back to. The rooms were spacious and clean, the staff was attentive and helpful and the location was perfect. Located next to the New York, New York Hotel and across the street from the MGM Grand and Planet Hollywood, the entire strip was at our doorstep.	
Oct 14 2009 	very nice rooms with great deals attached!	I loved staying at the Monte Carlo because it is right in the middle of everything happening on the strip. It is a very nice, 4-star hotel but the prices are so great! They usually have deals for free show tickets and more with a 3-night stay...and you'll end up spending less than $300 per person for three nights and four days!	
Oct 14 2009 	Plenty of elbow room	Stayed for 5 days and 4 nights. The location on the strip is great..not too overly busy, like places right in the middle of the strip but also not far away either to all the interesting places to visit.This hotel has plenty of staff for checking in and out so theres not alot of waiting around. We had an 8th floor room,.. not much for a view on the backside but you can get a partial glimpse of the pool(s) below. Very spacious room, low lighting and thick heavy covers on the bed. good sized bathroom with plenty of towels and toiletries. One drawback is that they want to charge for WiFi service, which we believe is just ridiculous because there are much cheaper hotels across the country and places that give you this service for free anymore. They also need to install stationary or ceiling fans in the rooms as the window can only be opened a couple of inches and the room was stuffy in the morning. good bathroom with plenty of towels and guest toiletries. Housekeeping was very good, even in the latter part of the day, as you can find someone in the hallway if you need anything. The Casino itself was very nice and is wide open with alot of games. we found, compared to many other casinos on the Strip, that this one was much more open for foot traffic and had plenty of elbow room without feeling overly crowded, which was nice. We found the waitresses were very slow in bringing drinks unless you tipped heavy and heard that complaint from other people as well during our stay but outside of that, the casino itself is very well layed out. Their is a McDonalds, a Subway and another fastfood business in the hotel adjacent to the casino for quick bites. The breakfast buffet is actually pretty good for the price and the main selling point here, is the made to order omelettes...they also have a great variety of fruits and fresh baked goods to go along with a typical breakfast buffet tho we didnt see any toast but they had biscuits. I wouldnt recommend the lunch or dinner buffets here for the price, as there are so many buffets along the strip that offer more variety at the same price range but thats my personal observation. We did experience Diablos Cantina, which is a pub belonging to the hotel and casino..here you can sit outside on a patio setting and enjoy a cocktail, listen to music and people watch right on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Monte Carlo. The chicken nachos are fantastic and a house favorite but be prepared to be full.. our waitress gave us a good tip and recommended getting only one order because the serving size is so large, it will feed four easily.. we tried our best and maybe finished a third of it and they are sooo good. The pool(s) area is quite popular and the Lazy River located here is just what it sounds like.. you can rent a floaty, grab a cocktail from the poolside bar and float around on the slow moving river all day if you want. its depth is only three feet or so but it will move you. some may want to come early to sunbathe as the lounge chairs fill up pretty fast after high noon when the sun comes around the building to shine on the pool area. Overall this hotel and casino has good points and bad too but it ranks up there with many of the leading places in Las Vegas and the architecture is amazing in itself for picture taking. There are good pictures of this property online.The staff, both in the hotel and casino are very helpful and super courteous to everyone, answering questions or giving advise to those that need it, whether a guest or just visiting. Be prepared to spend alot more for small items you might need from vendors inside as they are quite pricey unless you hit the jackpot or just have money to burn. we found for simple items that wont break your budget, you can walk a couple hundred yards nearby the property to a local CVS or Walgreens store and use the savings in the casino or for whatever.	
Oct 13 2009 	About the worst experience I ever had	The only good thing about this hotel was the quiet room. Once I left (and this is my fourth stay at the Monte Carlo) the noise was unbearable. The sound level and boom boom boom beat of the music was so high I could never relax. It was hard to be in the casino (where it would be expected to have some loud music) but also the pool area sound level and the restaurants were the same. This was never that way before.My husband and I will never return.	
Oct 12 2009 	VEGAS	The Monte Carlo was alright for the price. The rooms were nice and the casino was okay, but there are much nicer hotels in Las Vegas though.	
Oct 12 2009 	Monte Carlo Delivers	I stayed @ the Monte Carlo with four buddies last week. Rooms were so cheap, we each had a king room. Check-in was a breeze. Staff was pleasant and attentive. The breakfast buffet was very good. The king room was clean, bedding looked a little worn, old TV's. But who comes to Vegas to watch TV. Very confortable bed. Maid service did a good job, very appreciative when tipped. Diablo's was excellent, food and service. &quot;Mohawk&quot; waiter did an excellent job. Casino was very good to me. &quot;Rick&quot; (H/D owner) dealer was excellent !!! Great place to stay for a guy's only trip. Stay @ Polazzo when traveling with my wife. Would recommend for mid-level stay.	
Oct 12 2009 	Stampede	Stayed here with several friends for a Bachelor Party. Got a great rate on the rooms through an internet promo. After a couple days of on and off low betting table play I got the first two nights taken care of as well. The Casino was smaller but affordable and easy to navigate. Although I wish there would have been some $5 min tables by the end of the trip, of course that has more to do with my luck. I ran into a few dealers who were really bitter, but I don't hold that against the Casino. (Cliff at the Blackjack table apparently hates his life) Some of my friends mentioned that the sports book left a little to be desired. Overall though, we had a blast at the tables and some of us made a little $$. The Monte Carlo is centrally located, so getting around is pretty easy with affordable cab fares. The MGM is just across the street and you catch the Monorail from there if you want to go that route. The pool was pretty good, however all of the buidings surrounding it are unfortunate as it does stay shaded for a big portion of the day. Room was adequate and clean, not a strip view but we weren't really in the room much to look through the window. The Brand Steakhouse was great, not exactly an intimate dining experience (it was open to the casino), but the steak was amazing. (120 ounce!) The food court was also great if you need some affordable dining options. &quot;The Pub&quot; was also really good. Something like 50 beers on tap, and the burgers were well worth the 10 to 12 dollars. I would stay again, however with all the different casinos and great rates, I'll continue to hop around. Can't wait till the next trip!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great for families except for the smoking in the pool area	They have the lazy river and the wave pool that is an attraction in itself for our 6 year old and our 16 year old. The only thing is I wish they would have a small non-smoking area near these pools for families with children or for adults with medical conditions that would prefer a non-smoking area. The hotel is across the street from the M&amp;M store, the arcade, and the roller coaster in the New York New York, which was perfect for our kids. If you try this hotel and agree with the non-smoking area please let them know so that maybe this will change soon. After a relaxing day at the pool it was great to enjoy the Buffet with a Pasta Station and Asian Food Station, especially at 2 for 1.	
Oct 11 2009 	BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK	My Wife and I spent 4 nights at the Monte Carlo and still can not believe that this hotel has been getting bad reviews on trip advisor.Upon our arrival we were concerned about the construction noise that everyone was complaining about on this site.We were given a beautiful room on the 24th floor overlooking the pool area and did not hear a sound.The next morning the bathroom blow dryer conked out and was replaced in 10 minutes by the hotel staff.The rest of the week was perfect and the staff was very pleasant and cheerful, and always available when you need them.The entire hotel was spotless and the buffet was as good as it can get for the price that they charge people.If you go there and just want a quick bite to eat, try some fast food (Sbarros,Subway etc) located in the casino near the pool entrance.The pool area is nice and if you are traveling with children just check out the Lazy River.If you do not want to rent any inner tubes just go next door to the CVS and purchase them for $5.99 each, because the rentals can run you about $14 a day.We highly recomment the Monte Carlo and its a great place to stay....Period!!!!!	
Oct 11 2009 	very nice not really family friendly	My wife and three young kids stayed for three nites. Very nice and clean. We all loved the lazy river, wavepool was disappointing. On our last day (friday) the pool turned into spring break. Great if we didn't have kids and were 15 years younger. Great location.	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice room perfect location	We decided to take a quick trip to Vegas and got a great deal at the Monte Carlo. I have never been to Vegas and although my boyfriend had been he stayed all the way at the other end of the strip. We both thought the location was perfect! Right next to New York, New York and across from M&amp;M world, and MGM grand but not too far at the end like Mandalay Bay and the Luxor. There is alot of construction going on for the Mandarin Oriental opening in December but besides that it was great! The room is your typical hotel room, it was comfortable and the staff was very nice. I did hear the cleaning staff knocking on doors around 8:30/9:00 so if you plan to sleep later maybe put the do not disturb sign on your door. We had a slight problem with our bed the first 2 hours we were there and without hesitation management moved our room and comped us a free dining at the buffet. We didn't go to the pool but we could see it from our room. There is a lazy river, wave pool, and two other pools that looked clean and nice from what we saw.If and when we go back Monte Carlo would def be where we would stay.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Value	Arrived at hotel at 2PM on Tuesday, and was given room key witha smile. It was good size, clean and clhearful appearance. Everything worked, and the housekeeping staffwas friendly and efficient. Ate at Andres restaurant, food good, and staff very friendly.I cannot understand why others had problems, no noise from construction, my wife enjoyed the spa, and Lance Burton magic show excellent. Perfect position on the strip.easy to get anywhere. Buy the day pass for public transportation for the strip, but thestroll on the strip was interesting. enjoy !!!	
Oct 11 2009 	Central and easy to navigate	Stayed in the Monte Carlo for 4 nights during a 2 week trip around the US. First impressions is the hotel is very nice and everything is on your doorstep, either within the hotel or just outside. Check in staff were incrediably slow, but conceirge on future visits about missing rooms items was very helpful and prompt. Rooms were spacious but dark and bathrooms were fine. We found the lack of coffee makers and bar fridges a sign that we were being forced to stay out of the rooms to spend money. There is a $4.99 fee on the atms downstairs which was a shock, but I think within the casino region that is probably the norm.Cleaning left a bit to be desired, for example when the cleaner couldn't reach a corner of the bed to put the duvet flat it was left. This may be due to the huge volume of rooms they have to clean and there isn't the time to make the finishing touches. The room service trays were left for well over 24hours on our floor, which we thought was unacceptable particularly as the guests had left half eaten food uncovered.Buffet in the hotel was lovely with very friendly staff and was great value. Casino staff were fantastic and had endless patience. The bar had the opposite and we weren't treated as if they wanted us there (once they decided to serve us). Be careful with the baggage storage as bags are not kept together and we had to go back to the hotel from the airport when we realised they had not put all the luggage into the taxi.	
Oct 10 2009 	good location and stay	the monte carlo is in a good location on the strip. it's easy to get to all the locations on the strip. there's not a lot of nightlife in the monte carlo, but the casino aspect was good. there's an open air restaurant/bar in front of the hotel. the pool was nice and not as rowdy as some other hotel pools	
Oct 9 2009 	Will Not Go Back	I did not like this Hotel at all. Maid service is very slow and takes forever to fix problems. I had a disgusting stain on a Sham on the bed. They did not change it when asked. It took theme three days to do it. Room was not that clean.	
Oct 9 2009 	Monte Carlo in Las Vegas	I expected a little better from a big name hotel. The fire alarm going off at 1:00 am didn't help.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great	The hotel was nice and clean, and everyone was very nice and helpful.	
Oct 8 2009 	Better than expected	Was surprised to find the hotel better than expected. I had been a little anxious after reading some of the reviews, but we were very pleased with the room and the staff.	
Oct 8 2009 	Would not stay again....	While I had heard great things about the Monte Carlo, the experience feel short in many areas. The overall hotel cassino stunk, and not just like smoke but like they had plumbing problems. We could not stay in the hotel to gamble, and thus went to other cassinos. The hotel room was average room, kind of felt more like a holiday inn then the famous Monte Carlo. The bed was not comfortable and the sheets need replacing. The water pressure was good but the temp was really sad. Talk about four days of cold showers. We did mention the noice level of the constuction around the hotel but they had no room on the other side of the hotel, thus we heard construction from 7 am to midnight. I'd reconsider staying at this hotel. They present themself as this high class/high end hotel but you will be disappointed by the average motel you will actually get for your money.	
Oct 8 2009 	I loved the Monte Carlo everyone was very helpful the hotel was very clean and the decor was beautiful	The Monte Carlo was a beautiful hotel and very clean. The decor was updated and chic. Because we in mid-week and the hotel was not extremely busy, we were upgraded to a suite without even asking.I will definitely make the Monte Carlo my home-base for future business trips to Las Vegas.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location great stay	Booked this hotel primarily because of good room rate and location. Turned out to be really good. Pretty much in the center, rooms were great, service was excellent.	
Oct 8 2009 	Average Stay at the Monte Carlo	Pros: There is a mall like food court in the hotel which is great for getting a quick meal. The hotel is easy to navigate, not as confusing in terms of what elevator to take, etc as others in Vegas I've stayed at. The fitness center is nice and I had a pedi at the spa which was great.Cons: The location is pretty central for the strip but there is a TON of construction going on next door making the walk seem longer. The pool is okay but felt crowded even when it wasn't full. The chairs are crammed together in tight rows and the sun doesn't really hit the area until after noon. Also the food at the pool was terrible and drinks were CRAZY expensive.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent value and service right on the strip	We stayed at the Monte Carlo for a mini-vacation. We absolutely loved the hotel. The one thing that I noticed was that there was no smokey smell that is very apparent in other hotels around the strip. This is an excellent value for a nice hotel right in the middle of the strip. We really like the location - you can walk right out of the hotel and be right on the strip. It isn't an over-the-top hotel like most of the ones that you find on the strip on Vegas. The hotel room are very clean - and smell clean too! No smells of cigarettes that you get at other hotels. I would definitely stay here again. Their players club program is great too - you can accumulate points at the Monte Carlo, MGM, Bellagio and a bunch of other affiliated hotels on the strip. If you're looking for an over-the-top hotel experience like Bellagio or Venetian, then the Monte Carlo probably isn't for you. If you're looking for a nicely appointed, clean smelling, fairly reasonable hotel right on the strip then the Monte Carlo is where you want to stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Property	Front Desk service was exceptional except they may want to add ropes for a single line. You have people standing at various places and there is no single line. Rooms were pretty basic but clean. I guess you get what you pay for because we did a special rate but was upgraded to a view on the strip which was extremely nice. Front desk staff was exceptional and didn't experience anyone being rude.	
Oct 8 2009 	Love it Love it Love it	We love staying at the Monte Carlo whenever we go to Vegas. The pool is a great place to relax for the day before heading out for the night. You don't have to go through the entire Casino in your swimwear to get to it. Food is near by, they can either bring you food poolside our right in the door is a nice selection at the food court.	
Oct 8 2009 	fantastic	enjoyed the spa and restaurants at the hotel we tried a saki bomb at the noodle house	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel but spent all my time elsewhere	I found the hotel pleasant. The rooms where clean and the air seemed less smokey than some other hotels (MGM Grand for one). But, I found the location of the hotel the biggest plus. I could easily walk across the street to catch a show at MGM or go next door for the New York, New York's far more impressive (and cheap) food court. If you want a more laid back fun time go to the Nine Fine Irishmen show. It's free except for the beer and food.I know that people seem to complain about the ornate lobby, but I don't think it's as bad as the Caesar's.I'd stay again if the price was right, but I might prefer to be closer to the Paris, Bellagio, or a hotel with better shows or restaurants.Note: They have a lazy river, but you have to rent an inner tube for $11-15/day. The gift shop next to the pool was selling tubes for $12. Internet also costs.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Nice for the Price	Check in was alittle confusing because you had to pick a line... I think it would be smoother if they used ropes. Erica checked me in and was very nice. I asked about the construction and the noisy pool and was told the construction was almost done and shouldnt bother me, and she felt my room was high enough that I wouldnt hear the pool music. She was correct. My room was nice, the bed was very comfortable. The casino was just average, but it was nice to have the food court so close by. The pool didnt have enough sun, and the chairs were so close together you needed to almost step on someone to lay down. Overall it was a good experience.	
Oct 8 2009 	It's a beige sort of place.....but thats not always bad!	Stayed 3 nights at MC from the 1stOctober checking out on the 4th. I'd read a few bad reports of this hotel, so I was a little aprehensive about my stay, however, given it was a comp deal, I went ahead with my stay....and I'm glad I did....The Monte Carlo Hotel is a pretty nice hotel and not deserving of some of the bad reviews I have seen posted.As a solo female traveller I can say I felt totally safe and comfortable at the MC. Check in was swift and friendly. I was given room 20318 which faced the mountains....with the Orleans seen in the distance straight ahead and the NYNY to my left.The room....as with the hallways was decorated in beige. The carpets could do with a freshen up but the bed was very comfortable, the linens were crisp and not at all scratchy, the towels in the bathroom were brand new and fluffy white. The room is furnished with &quot;cherry wood&quot;...it is looking a tad outdated for my taste, however, the desk wardrobe and amoir were all in excellent condition. The room was very clean and comfortable over all.The 1st night I heard no noise at all...and I wondered where the reviews of paper thin walls come from. I found out on the second day when I had 2 ladies move into the room next door who were LOUD....very loud...I could hear every word of their conversation! I had a room with an interconnecting door though....so that might be to be avoided.The casino downstairs has a wonderfully staffed, friendly poker room. The slot machines varied from pennies up and the cocktail service was super speedy sometimes and deathly slow at others, depending on which section you sit in. There is a food court with a starbucks and subway, maccas, sbaro, ice creams and some chinese food and mexican food.The location of MC is slap bang next to NYNY on one side and the city center project on the other. I did not hear any construction noise at all. The pool area has 2 pools and a lazy river. Well staffed and very clean.Room service is amongst the worst I have eaten anywhere....this is to be avoided....I ordered twice just to make sure I didnt just cop a bad night....and the 2nd time was equally as bad as the 1st.....give room service a miss.Over all though....I consider the Monte Carlo a pretty good 3 star hotel. It may not have the glitz and glamour of other big players in the Vegas Hotel game, but it also doesnt have the high rates. It's a solid mid teir property with friendly staff, good location and pretty good bang for your buck.Would I stay there again? Yes. Would I suggest friends stay there? Yes....for a rate of under $100 a night....it's a pretty good deal.....anything over $100, there are better deals to be had in Vegas.Oh...ps...They have introduced a &quot;resort fee&quot;, which I think is rubbish....it's $9.50 a night (I think)...I wrote &quot;declined&quot; under where it says resort fee on my check in slip. It was not charged to by bill upon check out.shirl'	
Oct 7 2009 	Watch the "Resort Fee"	Like a lot of hotels this one charges a $10/day &quot;Resort Fee&quot; for the health club, bottled water in the room , etc. I did not use any of these services. I love ala carte fees that are shoved down our throat involuntarily. Also some of the staff seemed a tad bit surly. Very average place.	
Oct 6 2009 	It was okay except for the pool area and weird garage	I recently visited the Monte Carlo for the first time and stayed through the weekend. I got a good deal on Hotwire.Although built in 1993, the Monte Carlo has been well-maintained over the years and was in good shape. Hallways, lobby, elevators, and room all have a consistent design scheme and look good. The room was well-designed, attractive, and in good condition, with no funny smells or damage, except for a small tan stain on one of the comforters. The room was quiet and I got a good night's sleep. Room A/C was quiet and maintained temperature well. Parking is free, there is a lot of it, and the garage is relatively new and looks a lot nicer than some of the garages attached to older hotels on the Strip. Landscaping is not as elaborate as the Bellagio but is decent and reasonably attractive. Plus they have &quot;free&quot; newspapers (well, considering how much this place costs, they should be handing out newspapers). And of course, it's on the Strip and conveniently located next to a CVS/pharmacy open 24/7.There are some downsides, though, which is why I can't give it a rating of five. As a lot of people have noted, there's no fridge in the rooms. The room lighting was kind of dim and inadequate (only two lamps). There's an annoying $9 daily resort fee (which with taxes comes to $10.50 a day). The Monte Carlo uses the same gigantic garage for valet parking, self parking, and employee parking for both itself and the adjacent CityCenter complex, so the garage has a very confusing design intended to keep all four user populations separate, and the signage is not clear, which means it's easy to end up going the wrong way. The pool area is too small and in the shade of the Monte Carlo building itself for much of the day, which means the pools are rather cold and the surrounding chairs are overcrowded. The music in the pool area was not as loud as I expected but I agree that it is annoying. In the end, I appreciated the convenience of staying in a pleasant, clean, comfortable, quiet hotel room on the Strip with a good view of the city. But if you also like to go swimming during a Vegas vacation, the Monte Carlo is not a good choice.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great location good hotel...	We found a great deal for Vegas on-line and decided to see what it would be like in the summer, we have been once there before in December, the deal we found included two tix to a selection of shows, I being a Beatles fan chose the LOVE show and was not disappointed, it was very entertaining, but I must say I like Vegas more monday to friday, the weekends are too busy and it seems they have shut all the good pubs with live bands down, we went to one in New York New York last time and it was great...laid back with a really talented band but that has been shut down also the pub in the Monte Carlo has shut down too, I like almost every type of music but we couldn't find a live rock and roll band just a lot of rap music which is not my thing. The pool at the M.C. was nice and the staff were helpful too, the room was not great but if you are spending lots of time in your room what are you doing in Vegas ? oh yeah the prices of most things have gone up..beer $7 most buffets $24 but you can drink in the less glamorous places for a lot less.. One other thing you HAVE to go to the old Vegas and try the Golden Gate restaurant they have THE best shrimp cocktails and excellent service	
Oct 6 2009 	Going downhill	Just spent 3 nights at the Monte Carlo, what a disappointment. From check-in, waiting in unorganized lines, was given a different room than what was reserved and paid for. Did not know until arrived in room and then immediately went back to stand in line again. Was told rooms are first come first serve. After complaining that I wanted what I paid for, a room magically opened up. Room was filthy. Not vacuumed once during stay. You can hear every noise from adjacent rooms. The restaurants were way overpriced and the food was bland. Had better food in the food court. From the entrance on Las Vegas Blvd. you would think the casino is closed, not much glitz going on. I was verrry disappointed and do not plan on returning to Monte Carlo. I would not recommend staying there at all.	
Oct 5 2009 	great trip ok hotel	Stayed at the Monte Carlo for 5 days, 4 night with 5 other girls. It wasn't my first time in Vegas, but my first time stayng at the Monte Carlo. Arrived at the hotel around 1:00 p.m. and only one room was ready (2 girls / room) he said the other room would be ready before 5 p.m. We dealt with John at the front desk; he is SO slow and it took us about 45 mins. just to check in. Something to keep in mind - there is a $9.50 / day charge if you want to use the gym. You do enough walking in Vegas so you probably don't need to bother with the gym! Our check-in took so long that we were given comps to the buffet which could be used at any time during our stay. The buffet was great - lots of selection and friendly staff.The pool was ok. It had an awful sewage smell the entire trip and the &quot;lazy river&quot; wasn't as fantastic as described. If you want to rent an inner tube for the lazy river for $12, you are better off going next door to the CVS pharmacy and buying a tube for $4. The room was decent enough but there is NO COFFEE MAKER (which was a must-have for me). There is a food court in the hotel which had a pretty decent selection. Another tip - if you don't want to be woken up by housekeeping at 9 a.m., remember to put your &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on your door. We ate at Diablo's (hotel restaurant) one night. The food and drinks were great but I got a weird rash on my leg from sitting on the chair cover (which really freaked me out). I just removed the cover and I was fine.The location was great and I think we got a good deal for the price. There are a lot of hotel options though!!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Lovely Place.........	We just spent 4 nights and loved it... But if we could say one thing bad........it would be....nice to have a small refrig......as it get's hot there and it would be nice to have a place to put some cold bottles of water.........ect........Realize it's about wanting to get everyone out spending the $$$.........But..........again, it would be nice to come back and relax with a cold drink........and then all refreshed and ready for the next round.......We loved the Strip and can't wait to return.....It would also be nice........if the Hotel would inform all of there clients........of what they have........such as ..Shop's ect.........and what floor each one is on..........give out some info..............	
Oct 3 2009 	Ideal location for a fab holiday	Found a great mix of ages whilst we were there. was one of the quieter casinos in town. The room we had on the 31st floor was spacious and clean. Our room attendants were very hard working and courteous at all times. Had the champagne buffet brunch and what great value for money. Had 2 glasses of champagne and could have had more if we had wanted to. The casino was a bit mixed. The drink attendants were very unattentive at times and one was especially rude. The pool was good although very shaded at times and could be on the cold side. Pity it didnt open until 0900am. Would come back to this hotel. great hotel for price, location and comfy beds dont expect the nightlife to be great. Go elsewhere but nice to come back to a quiet spot after a hectic day/night out.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great location average hotel	We had an early flight, so had sent a request to the hotel for an early check-in. We arrived around 10am, queued for 30mins at the check-in desks, just to be told our room wouldn't be ready until 2pm (which was the check-in time) They gave us a number to call to check on our room, however we kept calling and calling and didn't get an answer.We eventually got to check-in to our room at 5pm...3hours after we were told our room would be ready! We weren't impressed as had wanted to have a rest and relax that afternoon before having a big night out in Vegas, instead we had to walk around all day while we waited for our room to be ready. When we did get into our room, the shower didn't work properly and there was building works going on outside 24hours a day, which kept us up most of the night.On our second day our room wasn't cleaned, we complained and asked for someone to come up after we left (about 20mins). Someone came up straight away so we sent them away and called and requested again for someone to clean the room once we had left. When we came back later that night our room still wasn't clean. I complained as was rather fed up with our whole experience, we did get a credit for the restaurant, but we were still left with a bad taste in our mouths from this hotel. For a supposed 4star hotel, we definitely didn't get 4star service.Would only recommend if you want a budget hotel with rubbish service!	
Sep 30 2009 	Great hotel and location at a great price!	We arrived in LV at 1.30am, and having seen a promotional price for this well-located hotel, managed to get a comfortable room for 3 nights for $55 - $69 per night. Whilst the room was by no means new, the service was very good, valet parking very convenient, and the spa (with separate mens and womens sections) was a real respite from the casino's bells and whistles, and was exceptionally clean (access cost a few dollars more per day). The pool area was lovely, and the margaritas excellent!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Value for money Good location 	If you are looking to stay on the strip but do not want to spend a fortune the Monte Carlo Hotel is the place to stay . Well located &amp; within walking distance of some of the top hotels you will find this hotel reasonably priced with a good level of service &amp; friendly staff. After visting several of the other more popular hotels with attractions it was nice to come back to not such a busy hotel at the end of the night . better still the bus stops right outside the front door on the way home !!!!!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great location - ok hotel	The hotel was ok, but wish I had checked out other hotels as there seems to be much better options out there. I booked the room though Delta Vacations and also since I am not a &quot;high roller&quot;, was given a room on the 5th floor with a view of the A/C units and slight view of the pool.Pros1. Great location - middle of the strip2. Pool was great (however the staff could do a better job picking up towels off the chairs, hard to tell if the chairs were still occupied)ConsRoom was so-so (maybe due to low floor). Bed were average, pillow were not great (order extra from room service)1. Thin walls 2. $9.50/day resort fee included &quot;printing your boarding passes&quot; BEWARE - When we asked the Concierge about this, he said no problem he would do it for us. Then he asked for our sky miles number and PIN. When we declined to give him that personal information (you can book tickets/access credit card info with those numbers), he said the business center was closed and we could only print though him. We said &quot;no thanks&quot; and printed them at the airport.3. Lots of construction around the hotel. 4. Large buildings around the pool block the sun (but that was ok since it was 100+)All and all, not a bad stay for the price - but there is a lot of options.	
Sep 29 2009 	Overall - Pretty Good!	Just returned from a three night stay at this hotel/Casino. While not one of the more well known on the &quot;Strip&quot;, it was a very nice, centrally located Hotel.Very nice room on the 27th Floor with a view of the Strip and all the hotels. It is a bit noisy at night if your room faces the street but it's not bad.Room could have been cleaner. Had some mystery stains on the bedspread but they came up and changed it out as soon as we called.The Pool is great! Three different areas to swim and lots of lounge chairs for relaxation.There is a regular food court inside the hotel with Subway, MacDonalds, Sbarro, Starbucks, Rubios Mexican, Haagen Das Ice Cream etc.There are various other restaurants too. We did not try the sushi bar but did eat in the &quot;Pub&quot; and the &quot;Cafe&quot;. Both were excellent and considering it was Las Vegas, not too expensive. Entrees at both were around $10.Went to see Mirage at the Bellagio - wow highly recommend.	
Sep 27 2009 	EXCELLENT	We were at the Monte Carlo for seven nights last week. The room was immaculate and the furnishings were new. We were on the 24th floor. The view was decent of the strip. The pools were a blast. The lazy lagoon was wonderful. The room was quiet and clean. The service was always friendly and professional. We valet parked the whole time that we were there. Other than tipping (optional) the valet at all hotels is complimentary. Driving is always difficult due to construction. Great city and great hotel. We highly recommend the Monte Carlo. The price is right and the service exceptional.	
Sep 26 2009 	Boring Boring... and more boring.	It was clean, the rooms were fine, bathrooms a little small and outdated, but whatever. I really thought the hotel was a snooze-fest - especially after seeing all the other fabulous ones I should have stayed at. Rio &amp; Luxor were both cheaper, and we would have enjoyed them more. The pool was terribly crowded and small, and the pool bar was expensive and awkward to get to. Also, didn't help that our flight arrived at 8am and we weren't given a room until 5pm. that was awful. The service desk was rude. Room Service was yummy though and better than many other vegas restaurants. I want to return to vegas, but I certainly won't stay here again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Decent Hotel with Thin Walls	I just recently returned from a four (4) night stay at the Monte Carlo. The room was clean and decent. My only complaint was the thin walls. Upon arrival I was placed in a room next to some extreme partiers, however management and security quickly handled the matter and I had no further issues. The second morning my husband and I were awakened by what I can only describe as “Screams of Passion”. We soon discovered that the couple on the other side was celebrating their anniversary. We were celebrating a birthday and an anniversary so I could definitely understand, but was wondering if anyone heard my celebratory noises as well. Nevertheless the room and hotel staff were great and the customer service was awesome! The rate that I received on the hotel room was great, but I would not stay here again regardless of the rate because of the thin walls. Believe it or not the construction noise was minimum compared to my neighbors. The buffet at the hotel was also good.	
Sep 25 2009 	monte carlo las vegas great experience	i stayed at the monte carlo las vegas between 12th-18th september.i stayed there for two reasons,one was the price and the other was the reviews.the reviews were mixed but on the whole tripadvisor seemed to give a balance in favour of this hotel.the hotel is elegant it feels like a more upmarket hotel than the price would indicate.the rooms were good,spacious and clean and quiet.the housekeeping was excellent.as i arrived very late and left very early i cannot really comment on the checking desk but i did find the staff friendly and helpful.the casino area is much quieter than other casinos but after visiting some other hotels this turned out to be a blessing.the only complaint is the buffet the food is bland the choice is not very good(looked forward to a nice roast beef dinner the beef was so rare that i felt as if i had a blood transfusion and who wants loaded roast potatoes covered in CHEESE)go elsewhere to eat or try the dragon noodle in this hotel .the location though is brilliant and the deuce stops are right outside the hotel but it can be difficult to get on at certain times of the day.i would return to this hotel and would recommend it especially to slightly more mature people who are looking for a hotel that is not too busy and who are offered plenty of free drinks and offers value for money.the players card is good as it can be used in lots of other hotels but dont use your comps in the buffet--jim conquer	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent positionally	This hotel is in an excellent position on the strip in las vegas. The rooms are of an excellent standard with a good housekeeping service. The staff are welcoming and extremely friendly. It offers great plenty to do with quite a few amenities and choice is plentyful. The value for money is extremely fair and the food is to a good standard.The poker room is probably one of the most well organised and managed rooms in vegas not to mention very welcoming by the staff.Would advise anyone looking for a nice alround hotel to stay here.	
Sep 22 2009 	Nice hotel but not youthful.	We went with my husband's family and it was nice and clean. But it didn't seem very youthful. It seemed like it was great for the senior crowd. When we went out at night we always went somewhere else.	
Sep 22 2009 	Simple hotel off the strip	My wife and I booked this as something different form the normal hotels that we stay at. The front desk was very helpful in getting us to our room... 25th floor strip view. .. the strip view really isn't of the strip, the way the hotel is set up it is hard to get a great view. As for the hotel it is very simple, nothing fancy or overwhelming. The casino is not as busy as some of the others on the strips so that made this a nice place to play on the tables. If you are looking for a simple place to stay with nice rooms this is it, if it is your first time to Vegas and you are looking for a bit more of a thrill you may want to look elsewhere.	
Sep 18 2009 	FANTASTIC experience!!!	I would HIGHLY recommend staying at the Monte Carlo! GREAT location that is close to everything, GREAT price, and the rooms are above average and VERY clean! I don't have any complaints, and would definetely stay there again. Nice pool - not to busy, very clean and not too loud like we were expecting. Clean and comfortable, quiet, close to Walgreens/QVC, walking distance to everything from the Bellagio/Paris/Venetian down to MGM/Excalibur/NYNY/Luxor, and of course the CityCenter. Unless you are want to spend 3X the money to stay in a 5-star resort, I would HIGHLY recommend the Monte Carlo! Very sold 4 star hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	Not sure i'd have booked this hotel if i'd have read the reviews first. Glad I didn't read the reviews. We arrived at the monte carlo at 9pm saturday 5th september which is the busiest night of the year (so i was told), no waiting a check in, very pleasant and helpful receptionist gave us rooms next door to each other on floor 26 with great views. Rooms a good size well equipped, little tired but hotel is one of the older ones on the strip. No problem getting 4 sun beds sunday morning, pool area was busy but as it was bank holiday i supposed you would expect that, the music is louder than normal but adds to atmosphere, wave pool fun and lazy river well lazy. Had a great time at the monte carlo and would have no problem staying there again. Hired a car and drove to death valley,hoover dam and lake mead to feed the ever growing fish!!!! Recommend cirque du soleil love the beatles show at the mirage.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great stay	Visited Las Vegas and stayed at the Monte Carlo. Great location, right on the strip close (as close as you can be) to shopping and other casinos. For those who haven't visited Vegas before, things are a lot further than they appear on the map so be prepared.After waiting for over an hour for a shuttle (take a taxi, with two people or more it was cheaper than a shuttle and takes a lot less time) we arrived at the Monte Carlo. Check in was smooth but upon arrival in our room my wife had an allergic reaction to some cleaning product that left a very strong smell. We went back to the front desk and asked to switch rooms. They were more than accomodating and quickly got us another room.&gt;Rooms were large and clean. Beds were comfortable and bathroom was very nice. They were doing some construction nearby, but noise wasn't too big of a factor. Had some neighbors that kept us up late one night, but it is Vegas so I imagine that happens all the time. Elevators were quick and we never had to wait.&gt;Casino was large and had table games, slots, sports betting, ect. Waitresses provided drinks regularly. Nice atmosphere all around.&gt;Pool, lazy river, wave pool were AWESOME. Great way to cool off on a hot, hot Nevada day. Drinks by the pool are expensive.&gt;Restaurants in the hotel are good, nothing too spectacular. Lots to choose from though from buffet to steak house to fast food and everything in between.&gt;Shops were okay in the hotel, we didn't browse in them too much.All in all, a very good stay. Friendly staff, great casino and beautiful pool. Would recommend.	
Sep 14 2009 	No complaints at all	Although the MC would not be rated a 5-star resort, our group of eight could find very little to complain about.The pool area had plenty of lounges and good service from the waitstaff. You might have a little trouble finding a &quot;prime&quot; lounge if you got to the area during peek times. Saturday and Sunday had larger crowds than Friday and Monday did, which is for obvious reasons. Even though signs state that you cannot bring in outside beverages, this was rarely enforced. Just keep out the glass and coolers.The food court provided an inexpensive meal option for a quick breakfast of lunch.The casino never felt crowded or stressed. It was easy to move about machines and tables. The dealers were very willing to offer tips and suggestions to the inexperienced betters in our group.Location of this resort is perfect for exploring the strip and will be a prime spot when the City Center opens.We would gladly stay here again, especially at the right price	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice Casino/Hotel but the rooms are far from what you would expect	First of all, I must say that I read the casino reviews for the Monte Carlo before making reservations. Some reviews were bad and some were complimentary. However, after our stay, I can definitely confirm that all of the negative reviews that I read were absolutely correct (So be sure to read them). We booked our reservations online for a premium, non-smoking room. Upon our arrival at 11pm, we were told that our room was not ready..can you believe this? So, we had to wait while the room was cleaned, (keep in mind that hotel check-in time is at 3pm). Anyway, we finally got to go to our room and discovered that someone else was already in our assigned room # (pathetic). We had to return to the front desk again and get another room # since we obviously were assigned the wrong room #. TOTAL INCOMPETENCE should be the name of the front desk employees. It gets WORSE..When we got inside our room we noticed the following: 2 queen beds instead of a king bed as reserved, a large pubic hair (thats right) in the bathroom sink, absolutely filthy bed comforters with cigarette burns on one and a blood-stain on the other comforter...DISGUSTING. I have never really been one to complain, but this is ridiculous for a casino/hotel that advertises such great rooms and service. We actually took pictures of the pubic hair and the cigarette burns/blood stains on the comforters. We intend to forward these to Monte Carlo Management. I would not even walk inside the room without shoes on.. For the same money I paid, I could have stayed at a better quality-controlled casino/hotel. I was satisfied with the other aspects of this hotel, with exception to the hotel rooms which need a major overhaul with new linens, carpet, etc. I definitely will not be staying at the Monte Carlo again..I expect much more for the money. Needless to say, our expectations were initially high, but every time we entered our room they hit rock bottom. PLEASE DO YOURSELF A favor and keep walking down the strip to the Bellagio or across the street to NY NY.	
Sep 11 2009 	Lazy River was a Blast!	We spent 2 nights at the Monte Carlo. The rooms were fine. The beds were clean and the linens were good. The very favorite part of the trip was the Lazy River. We floated for a couple of hours. You have the option to rent tubes or whatever but I just floated on my own. Get to the pool early as it closes at 7 p.m. and the chairs were full most of the day. The casino is fine. The chandeliers are beautiful. Nice views for that part of the strip. Easy access parking.	
Sep 10 2009 	no lights in bathroom Filthy room broken furniture	after leaving early from our trip to the monte carlo because of a room with NO LIGHTS , FILTHY curtins, bedspreads and windows. Broken furniture . Wrote a letter to the general managers secretary , also filled out review on there web. site. NO REPLY !!!!!!!!!What a bad way to do business. We travel to Vegas 5 to 6 times a year and never havewe came across these problems !!!!!!!!!!!! Players card didnt work half the time either. Best part in the ice machine room a couple was having sex , While we were going to elevators for breakfast.	
Sep 9 2009 	Would not stay here again	The Monte Carlo was not awful, but our room smelled like industrial cleaner and the sheets did not fit the bed. The pool, which is advertised as being huge, was a serious disappointment--it is tiny compared to others in the area. Plus, the water was disgustingly dirty and a DJ was blaring tunes all day long. It was not a relaxing scene, more of a Spring Break feel. There is only one main pool and it was so crowded that we could not even find a chair--we would have had to sit on the cement. The pool guy recommended we walk two hotels down to Excalibur and use their pool, which we did. Their pool was fantastic-had an adults only section, 3-4 pools and tons of chairs. What was I paying Monte Carlo for if I had to walk 25 minutes down the Strip to use someone else’s pool? The worst aspect of the hotel is the food. The restaurants are TERRIBLE!!! We spent our last evening at the hotel's steak restaurant, Brand, which is pretty pricey. Our entire meal tasted as if it was smoked, even the asparagus. All dishes, including salads, are made for two. What in the world does that accomplish? My husband and I wanted to order different sides and I wanted a salad as a first course. It was a huge waste of money. The hotel's only redeeming quality is that it is close to the main sidewalk as opposed to being set back like Caesar's. I would not stay here again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel.... we were very pleased!	My husband and I stayed at the Monte Carlo in August and had a great stay! The hotel was very accomodating and let us check into our room at 11:30am. The room was spacious and was very clean. We had a pool view and didn't find that the music was very loud like other travelers have mentioned. The great thing about this hotel is that it has a food court! They have Subway, Starbucks, McDonald's, Rubio's, and a quick Chinese food place. It is so nice to have a convenient and cheap place to grab a snack when you are hungry. Also, you are ALLOWED to bring food items from the food court into the pool area!! So save your cash on that $5 diet coke poolside and bring in a cup from McDonald's. People were also &quot;spiking&quot; their drinks before they walked into the pool area since the attendents at the pool will ask to review your bag. Drinks poolside are around $18 to give you an idea. Hope that this review helps! :)	
Sep 5 2009 	been in better and have been in worse	This was our second stay in Vegas, stayed the first time at MGM, this trip was a gift to our children for graduating university. I have nothing I can really say was bad about the Monte Carlo. No its not the MGM but its higher standards than some of the other resorts on the trip. I would compare rooms to the Best Westerns in Canada. Our rooms were on the 15th floor not facing the strip or the pool. The rooms were quiet, clean and plenty of space for the amount of time you are there. Check in was a breeze arrived at hotel at 1230, lunch time, and our rooms were ready, which was fantastic because check in time isn't until 3. Also check out time is at 11 am and our flight home didn't leave until 1130 pm, so they offered us our room at 1/2 of the days rate, so we could keep our room until 8pm. We had great service from the front desk, conceirge desk, (who helped us book a few day trips and also to let us know how to get cheaper tickets to some of the shows). I can't say we had any trouble or rudeness from one person who worked at the hotel.We did eat at the buffet for the champagne brunch, and it was worth every penny, we had our fair share of champagne to celebrate. We also ate at the buffet at the Mirage and I found we all enjoyed the buffet at the monte carlo the most, and the mirage was more expensive. One thing we did really like about this hotel is that it is smaller than some so it made it much easier to get around. We did two shows Lion King and Love would recommend both shows but are two totally different types of shows we also went to the gun shop on tropicanna ave and there you can do target practicea few other place we visit and would reccomend are shark reef, minus 5 bar, roller coaster at new york, rides at stratosphere also go to freemont st. at night places to eat roxy's, harley davidison cafe, italian place at new york.	
Sep 3 2009 	Very enjoyable stay - will definitely stay here again!	I don’t know why some Las Vegas hotels avoid using any kind of organized line management system for the check in process, and the Monte Carlo is one of them. It seems that you have to jockey for a position in front of the check in desk, and pray that the clerks are efficient or that the people ahead of you don’t have credit card issues. I hate that they don’t use the “next in line” approach by setting up the customary velvet ropes to guide guests through the line in an orderly manner. That said however, our stay at the Monte Carlo was GREAT once we got to our room. The rooms are nicely updated, clean and comfortable, the bathroom is super-clean with great amenities, and the hotel atmosphere is very nice. Housekeeping was excellent and the hotel towels were plush. The only downside to the room was the thin walls but this is common in most hotels and would have gone unnoticed except that the couple in the room next to us was rowdy and obnoxious - the lady had a loud, irritating laugh - but I chalk that up to inconsiderate human behavior and poor manners, and nothing against the hotel itself. Laughter is good, but not a 3:00 AM when some people are trying to sleep! Lucky for us they were gone the last two nights. We ate at the Monte Carlo buffet two times, for breakfast and then again for dinner but not on the same day. Both meals were excellent with a wide variety of fresh and tasty foods to choose from. Breakfast had traditional choices of eggs and bacon but also had pork chops and other meats although we could not seem to find any toast, and if you are an oatmeal eater like me, the raisins were located at the salad bar, and there was no brown sugar. The shrimp selection at dinnertime was fresh and the shrimp were large. The desserts were yummy as usual. The days of the cheap buffet are long gone in Las Vegas, but at Monte Carlo the best part about eating the buffet there was the relatively low price: breakfast was about $12 each and dinner was around $19 each. There is a food court which came in handy when my Starbucks craving hit, and for pizza from Sbarro as a late night snack after a long day of gambling. There is also a McDonalds and a couple of other fast food places, but we only ate at Starbucks and Sbarro. We chose to stay at the Monte Carlo for this Las Vegas trip because of the cheap price of only $59-$69 per night over Sunday, Monday and Tuesday nights. We stayed there before but had been avoiding this hotel the past few years because of its proximity to the City Center major construction project, but it seems to be almost done. We had a room facing the strip and I never hear any noise coming from the construction – it was very quiet. There is also a brand new parking garage that is well lit, has wide spaces and one of the cleanest garages I have experience in Las Vegas. I actually saw a security guard walking the garage unlike other properties where they just rest up in the guard hut and view surveillance videos. And the bridge that takes you from the garage to the hotel drops you off at the lobby and close to the elevators so you don’t have to valet park or schlep your luggage through the casino if you choose not to use bell service.High speed internet was $14.99 per 24-hours. Overall this was a very enjoyable stay and we will definitely stay at Monte Carlo again if the price is right.	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice hotel but not one of the best on the Strip	Stayed here for two nights in between out LA and Anaheim trip. Got a very good deal through Expedia NZ, around NZD100/night with USD25 food and beverages allowance.We were given a room on the 31st floor, which is just one floor short of the top level. Ours faced the swimming pool (more about it later), but we couldn't hear any music, maybe because it's so high up. What we could hear almost all the time was the beeping noise of construction vehicles from next door. They almost finish building the Aria and Mandarin Oriental next door but there was still some construction noise. One reviewer noted that water drains very slowly on the bathtub which we also experienced. However the toilet flushed with a lot of vigor, the water felt like being sucked at high speed!! Safe is provided in the room, TV is still CRT (no flat screen?), air conditioning is very good, and no refrigerator. Location wise, it's pretty handy to New York New York and MGM, but a long walk on the crowded footpath to other places north. This is especially exacerbated by the construction next door which reduces the width of the footpath. At the end we drove everywhere, and since self-parking is free, it was much more easier and stress-free. One warning, don't drive on the Strip itself, especially northbound after 6pm. You'll get stuck for hours!! We used the back road which connected the hotels.The hotel itself looks amazing from the outside, but once you're past the reception, everything becomes ordinary. The casino doesn't have anything special, there isn't any shopping centre (shops, 'cept for the hotel's one), the only food place that was open for 24hrs is Subway. Compared with Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, New York New York, the Monte Carlo is far behind.Parking was handy, we could find a park just outside the main entrance, no need for valet or parking inside the car park building.The pools are very average, and full of people sitting/standing around with their cocktails getting slowly drunk. They would give you a dirty look for having fun, I guess the whole thing is being targeted to the adults market and not families!We went for a buffet breakfast at the hotel since we had the $25 allowance, lots of good food at the buffet. Very attentive waiting staff, ours drinks were replenished all the time without being asked. I loved the omelette station, not really sure about having pizza for breakfast though. The pastries were very nice.	
Sep 1 2009 	Showing its age	While the casino and lobby are fine, the rooms, hallways etc are starting to show either age or lack of care. Examples such as missing pictures with the hangers still intact, stains on the carpets (after getting out of the elevator and you proceed to the circular area where one chooses a hallway) are to name a few. Nothing big, but these little things will eventually catch up with the place.The pool is quite small for a large resort. Very crowded and not imaginative like some of the others on the stripRooms were clean, and the maid staff were friendly.Location is terrificOverall, just plain average. While I guess I can &quot;recommend&quot; this to someone, I'd beg them to seek out an alternative for a few bucks more.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good location OK rooms SCARY elevators and LOUD pool!	I am going back and forth between a two and three. I wouldn't choose to go here again or recommend it, but I wouldn't say &quot;no&quot; if someone paid for it or if it was a super killer deal to stay there again.My husband and I went with two other couples (celebrating a 40th birthday). Overall, the hotel was satisfactory. The rooms were not dirty, but I didn't exactly get a pristine feeling while there. The windows were dirty and like someone else mentioned, there was room service food sitting out in the hallway for at least 12 hours. The rooms are very normal. Nothing really interesting or special...in need of renovation. One of the couples in our group got a spa suite and ended up changing to a regular room. My friend said, &quot;It was nicely decorated......for my 90 year old grandmother.&quot; Also, we had a room facing the pool (TEN flights up) and we could hear the club music from the pool....loud and clear (nothing like trying to catch a catnap to a DJ mix of Journey and Lady Gaga)The pools were nice. You MUST get there ASAP to get lounge chairs together if you have a group. Like everyone else has said and I mentioned above, they now have club music blaring from noon until five. I didn't mind the music THAT much, but the pool was very packed full of party people. I really couldn't see letting my kids stay in the pool after noon or so. It got really crowded and people just stand around in the lazy river on the one side. Most people just walk it at that time, If you try to ride a tube, the drunks give you dirty looks for running into them while they stand there drinking their $17 speciality drinks. Pool closes at seven...which I think seems a bit early, but that could be normal for Vegas.The casino itself is OK. Nothing to write home about. The hallway outside of Diablos (as well as parts of the pool area) DO smell like rotten eggs, The casino itself is a bit stale in smell and decor. They pump in that gross headache producing air freshener which gets annoying. Watch out for the elevators. My friend was riding down from her room and the elevator lost control at least a floor or more from ground level and they fell/crashed to the ground. No one was hurt (jarred and sore, but not hurt) but they were stuck for about 45 minutes....little fresh air for most of that time, and grown men crying. The phone did not work and no one could get a signal. Despite all that, the casino did do what they could to get them out ASAP and my friend got a $100 comp at Brand. I don't think this is completely settled yet since it was just a couple days ago. They tool everyone's info down. Which leads us to our largest gripe. The watistaff at Brand was pretty stuck up at best and downright rude at worst. Brand supposedly is not &quot;affiliated&quot; with Monte Carlo. Yeah, I know it may be its own entity, but it RESIDES in the MC. I am not sure how it isn't affiliated with the hotel. ::eye roll:::When my friend explained to the waitress what happened to her (the elevator incident), and told her that they had a $100 comp there and to just charge it to her room and the hotel is going to take care of it, the waitress became pretty belligerent and looked at us like we were lying. She kept saying they &quot;Were not affiliated&quot; and my friend kept saying that she knew that and that it didn't matter. The hotel was going to cover it and to call ____ at the front desk if she had questions. The waitress was still weird about it and my friend said sarcastically something like, &quot;wow, your empathy is amazing, thanks&quot; A few minutes later (before we got our drinks) we saw the waitress retelling the story to her manager (we are pretty sure that is what she was doing because she was pretty worked up and animated.)I know, long story, but it was rude. The drinks were good and we had apps there the day before (waitress was fairly stuck up then too) and they were fine....nothing exciting or original, but OK. I would spend your money at a steakhouse like Craftsteak rather than wasting it at a wannabe steakhouse like that. We have all kinds of snobby wannabe hipster places back home and there are running rampant in Vegas... spend the money and go for the real deal instead.One last thing..we did have a few really nice waitresses in the casino itself. The pretty blond mom of a 14 year old (was getting off of work to take her back to school shopping) who showed my friends how to figure out the 1cent slots was such a sweetie (worked Thursday and Friday night). I wish I remembered her name. Thanks anyway!	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location Great Value!	We stayed at the Monte Carlo for our recent girls weekend in Vegas and it was great. Great location on the strip, more towards the south end but still central enough that you were close to everything. Not to mention, the Deuce Bus runs up and down the strip anyway so you can hop on and get to anywhere you need along the strip. The pool area was awesome - probably not the best for families/small children as there was a DJ/dance party happening in the pool when we were there - more of a teenage/young adult vibe. Not sure if that is on all the time or only the weekend we were there. Rooms are very clean and modern, big bathrooms, beautiful lobby area. There is construction going on nearby but you would never know, we never heard anything. Overall, would definitly stay here again and highly recommend!	
Aug 30 2009 	If you want to stay in an MGM Mirage Resort choose the Bellagio	Two months prior to our trip to Las Vegas, we began searching online for a great hotel deal. Having traveled to Vegas twice in the past, I knew the layout of the Strip and knew that the Monte Carlo appeared both nice on the outside and nice in the lobby. We happened upon a great deal for a Monaco Suite at the hotel and booked it for 3 nights. A few days after booking, I noticed the reviews on this website and began to have second thoughts about staying at the resort. However, I decided to stay put and keep my reservation and wait until I checked in to make an opinion of the Monte Carlo for myself.The big day arrived and our flight arrived in Las Vegas early. Baggage claim was a breeze and we immediately chartered a Town Car at the airport to take us to the Monte Carlo. We arrived and proceeded to registration which was not very busy. I was pleased to see so many clerks working behind the desk and how clean the lobby was. We checked in immediately during which I asked where our room would be located, which was a low floor, and I asked to be placed higher. The clerk asked if floor 13 would be ok, to which I should have said no as that proved to be the omen for the resort. The room was on the pool side and I asked if there was anything else after having read the reviews on how loud the pool DJ can be. The clerk said no and that we would be moved to another room the next day facing the strip. Our room wasn't quite clean yet, which was no big deal as it was only 11 in the morning. We proceeded to the Forum Shops to have lunch at Spago and returned to the Monte Carlo around 1 p.m.We immediately made it to our room, which was conveniently located beside the elevators and opened the door. The sound of the pool music was much worse that I had anticipated. The view of City Center construction was awful as well. I was livid. I called the front desk to ask if I could be moved only to be told that there was nothing available. Having been told earlier that we would be moving the next day to another room I didn't want to unpack and sat down on the couch. That is when I noticed an unusual stain on the sofa that appeared to be a bodily fluid. At this point I was more livid. We left the hotel room, because it was so loud and began walking the strip to see what was going on. A couple hours prior to our dinner reservation, we returned to the hotel to change for dinner. Before boarding the elevator, we stopped by the registration desk to alert the staff of the bodily fluid and the pool music. They immediately moved us to a room facing the New York New York on a higher floor. However, when we walked up to the door, I noticed a room service tray sitting beside the door (Yes the other reviews of room service trays being left for days are in fact true). We opened the door and noticed lights on in the powder room, and ice bucket full of ice, an open bottle of water, and the adjoining room door open. Even more livid, we called the front desk and they moved us back down to the 12th floor back to the pool side. When we got to our room, the keys didn't work and a maintenance employee had to let us in. The furniture was tattered and looked as if it had seen better days. The Monaco Suite has potential. The rooms are spacious and having two bathrooms is a plus. However, t the Monte Carlo doesn't care to go the extra mile to reach that higher level.When we finally arrived in our final room we called to the front desk to alert them that we would only stay 1 night, as we had no time to change hotels before getting ready for dinner, and would check out in the morning. A manager asked what he could do to fix the problem, but never really offered much to keep us as customers. With over 3,000 hotel rooms, I know that the Monte Carlo had something better that they could have offered us, even if it meant paying more. They didn't offer to change our room type at all. The next day we checked out which was an easy process and checked into the Bellagio. The experience was much different and I recommend to anyone to go ahead and book the Bellagio before settling on the Monte Carlo	
Aug 29 2009 	Avoid this hotel if you expect service and value for your money...	Where to start? We arrived and waited an eternity for someone to check us in. Seems the young ladies were too busy flirting with the yound gentlemen to be bothered. Once someone finally offered help, he began to try to sell us a more costly room on the higher floors. We booked this location due to the pool and central location. Frankly, the pool staff should be fired! We were unable to get staff to help us with towels or floats....&quot;not my job&quot; (and very rude in letting us know it was not their job/problem). The rooms were average at best. The hotel does have a strong smoke smell and offers little attraction compared to the other hotels on the strip. All in all, I would say the Monte Carlo would be a good candidate for the next strip hotel to be imploded and make room for something nice.	
Aug 29 2009 	Pleasant but nothing to write home about	We went to Las Vegas and stayed at the Monte Carlo for three nights. All the staff was pleasant and friendly, the casino and other public areas and our hotel room were clean and fresh looking. But, there wasn't much special about the hotel either. It doesn't have a real theme, which is half the fun in Vegas. With the construction next door for City Center, you have to walk through these cramped sidewalk tunnels to get to the Bellagio on that side of the street. All that being said, if you just need a place to sleep, this is a nice place to stay.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great for families with kids	This hotel has great pools. My kids enjoyed the wave pool and lazy river everyday we were there. You can buy a nice tubing for the lazy river at the pool for $10. The only thing about the pools is with kids you'll have to go in the morning before 12:00pm. After that, a pool party begins with a DJ and incredibly loud music. Then it becomes a crowd of adults hanging around the pool with alcoholic drinks and the &quot;happy hour&quot; begins. Better to leave before this, otherwise your kids may be exposed to some inappropriate adult behavior. The food court at the hotel was great and very convenient. You can get inexpensive breakfast very quickly there. We really enjoyed the Lance Burton magic show at the hotel - my kids loved it. Our room was spacious and clean. Rooms on the higher floors tend to be in better condition. If you want peace and quiet for naps in the afternoon, avoid rooms facing the pool side. Aside from the afternoon loud DJ pool party, the Monte Carlo seems to be the most kid friendly hotel on the strip.	
Aug 26 2009 	Okay for being located on the strip but entrance by Diablo's is STINK!!	Looked so beautiful in the lobby....got to front counter at 7:50 am, lady said check in at 8am, came back at 7:59am guy said okay to check in and got us to our room. Room was smaller than expected and NO refrigerator. Big casino and ok selection of food downstairs but EVERYTIME we walked past the entrance by Diablo's and the theatre it smelled like rotten eggs! Other than that, great place to be to walk the strip the Miracle Mile mall pretty close. Pool was also smaller than expected. Great place to sleep and get ready for bed or going out.	
Aug 26 2009 	a little worn	the monte carlo is showing it's age on the strip, the hotel rooms are a bit worn down, but maybe i'm judging it unfairly as i stayed in suites at the venetian, mgm suites, and planet hollywood, last time few times i was in town. room was very ordinary, with worn linens and small television. bathroom was aged with a tub that drained so slow the water would rise up whenever you took a shower. asked engineering to help, but they said that was the normal drainage rate. casino was quite a bit quiet than i'm used to, not a particularly attractive or hip crown. well, at least it's better than circus circus.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good location everything else average	Stayed at the Monte Carlo at the beginning of August. I am on their email list and booked directly thru their website when they emailed a good deal of 4 nights (including a Saturday) for approx $260 total. We checked in on Saturday around 2 pm, and only had to wait a few minutes before it was our turn. Jody, who checked us in, and every other employee we encountered during our stay proved to be very friendly and customer service oriented. Our request for a king bed, non-smoking room was accommodated, and we ended up with a handicapped room on the 19th floor for no extra charge. We had a view of the City Center and the pool. As some have mentioned, the pool music was definitely audible from even the 19th floor- but it was only especially loud on Saturday and Sunday. Noise from construction was only a problem on the last day of our stay, the back-up beeping from the dump trucks started at about 630 a.m. that day. The room itself was very clean, the pillows and bedding definitely need updating, but at least I didn’t see any stains, etc. The maid service was great, we left off the Do Not Disturb sign on our 3rd day, and our towels were refreshed and bed made by the time we got back a few hours later. The a/c was sort of odd, it never really got cold in the room even when we turned it down to 60 one night. And either the sink or the toilet in the bathroom gave off a faint sewage smell the whole time we were there.I used the fitness center one day for $19 per day. It has everything you need for a good workout: free weights, exercise balls, cables, and a whole line of circuit equipment with at least one machine for each muscle group. The treadmills were fairly new looking and they had bikes, ellipticals and a stepmill as well. I could never fathom paying $19 per day to use a gym in my regular life, but this was Vegas and I have read that most hotel fitness centers on the strip are priced similarly. We won the most money playing downtown, the difference was amazing. Slots on the strip are especially tight. Walking along the strip is sort of a mess right now with the City Center construction but when it’s all done I am sure it will look great. It also seemed like the timeshare people, porn card flickers, nightclub and show ticket sellers that stand on the strip yelling at you are more plentiful and aggressive than compared to our trip last October. I felt like I was saying “No, thanks” to someone every few feet.	
Aug 24 2009 	Won't go back..	Read reviews before leaving and made note to check bed for bedbugs etc. Was aware of contruction and requested a room away from noise. Well.....no bed bugs room was quiet and the bed was soft ( well worn in) not firm which I like... you may not. Yes bedding looked like it needed refreshing but there were no crumbs or cigarettes burns. Bad part....I noticed something on the floor in the bathroom and there was hair on the tile in shower(not mine), next day still there. Made sure my towels were really wet and left on the floor to get new ones and wiped up floor myself, bit grossed out. Thought leaving a housekeeping tip may help turns out the only tips I should have left was how to clean....Also the smell of smoke was so over-powering in our non-smoking room I had to sleep with the sheet up to my nose to filter the air.... Best part of our stay was the location ..and we were so pleased with the breakfast and staff at the cafe within the hotel that we ate there twice. Don't bother here unless you brought your cleaning supplies and room spray with you.	
Aug 24 2009 	You get what you pay for...	I just got back from staying at the Monte Carlo with my sister. We checked in at around 1 in the morning and their was 5 people working the front desk. NONE of them actually checked anyone in they were &quot;busy&quot; ( 2 rude girls of the girls flirting with the other 3 guys). One girl finally took us. It took 50 minutes to check us in. Not one other person was checking in, it was quite ridiculous. We had ordered a fridge didn't come until the next day after we had to call. They didn't leave us a single roll of toilet paper, and we upgraded to a higher floor to get a more recently renovated room... i'd hate to see what the other rooms look like. The hotel smells like rotten eggs (literally) The only good things about the hotel are the pools, food court and location. Although a pool drink is $17 for a large, I'd suggest bringing your own booze in a water bottle down to the pool! If you want to take a nap or rest in the afternoon I would suggest getting a room not facing the pool because they do have a DJ that plays music all afternoon. This didn't bother us but it might bother some people. Also, make sure you check your credit card both my sister and I got charged extra (ex. a fridge is 15 a night we had it for 2 nights but got charged $55?!? and on both of our credit cards) Its a shame, the hotel could be great but is in need of a facelift. It's worth it to pay a little bit more and get better service.	
Aug 23 2009 	2nd stay a complete disappointment.	this was my 2nd stay here. the repeat visit because of the good time i had the first time. first the room we were promised wasnt available unless we payed $40 simply because the room was on the &quot;upper floors&quot;. then once we got to our substarndard room, the a/c was weak at best... in hot las vegas. the bath tub drain was plugged. had to call maintance 3x. the bed wasnt made one time by housekeeping on a 5 day trip. i couldnt take a towel from the pool to the room, so i had to walk through the casino back to the room all wet. many disappointing things. there are a lot of places to stay on the strip. if i had this last trip to do over again the monte carlo wouldnt be part of it	
Aug 23 2009 	Like The Whole Strip Not What It Was	On a cross country trip stayed 2 nights. We arrived late on a Saturday night and were surprised by how fast check in was. Even though we have stayed here before and they have our guest profile and room request on file were given a smoking room, with a huge stain on carpet and extremely rowdy party going on in next room. Long trek back down hall , long wait for elevator, short wait at desk got us room we asked for . High floor/ non smoking. Although paid for deluxe room it would be considered standard in any normal hotel. Small , clean but slightly worn out and no real extras to speak of. Room service breakfast got to room fast but only okay for money. Casino itself hotter and smokier than on previous trips. It seemed like trying to save money by not ventilating as well as in past. Food in cafe very good but several crying children at different tables ( are we in Vegas?) Strip itself very run down and dirty with lots of litter and handouts for escorts everywhere . Haven't been to Vegas in a couple of years . When did it get like this? Probably won't go again for a long time . When I do I hope there will be better places to stay.	
Aug 22 2009 	black mold in the shower stall	beautiful lobby,pool,casino-walking your family thru the casino to get to the strip very nice atmosphere-fast food at the food court good selection but appeared to be grungy behind the counters-the pool area is very cramped with tons of loungers which by the way you will not find one if you dont line up in the a.m. (8:30 of so-pool opens at 9:00) the pool atmosphere is unfriendly and for the young single crowd or young couples who want to see and be seen-the rooms were lovely and the beds appeared very clean and they were comfortable-the bathroom was puzzling to me-how could such a beautiful hotel allow there to be black mold growing in the shower -ever heard of Tilex one spray and its gone-also other peoples hairs in the just cleaned bath?? beware if this is not acceptable to you	
Aug 21 2009 	Good deals nothing fancy	We liked this hotel. If you are looking for a good deal, the Monte Carlo would be my choice. Nice, plain, clean rooms. They had a food court and a good sports pub (good fish sandwich). Hopefully, the construction all around it is done. Otherwise, it is a nice, clean hotel that is very, very affordable.	
Aug 21 2009 	Smoke filled rooms	I could smell cigarette smoke from the room vent. Construction noise starts early morning from helicopters, heavy machinery, and back up beeping from construction equipment. On second night, lost count of many times I woke up with sneezing fits. My wife found small red bite marks on her legs and shoulder. I did not get bitten since I kept getting up all night long. Called front desk, said housekeeping would come up. Waited 1/2 hour, called front desk again. I was told an outside company would come between 9 and 11pm. I found a bedbug in the mattress. I waited over 4 hours but no one showed up and no exterminator. I sprayed the bed with alcohol. Called front desk, was put on hold. No resolution. We checked out the next morning with no apology or explanations. On good thing, great view from 22nd floor room of Las Vegas Avenue but the windows needed cleaning.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great location on strip. Staff excellent.	Recently stayed here on the Summer Escape package. Cheap rooms with discount coupons. Checked in immediately upon arrival with no problems. Pool very busy when it opens however there are many chairs ( both shade and sun). Rooms somewhat dated but clean. Sunday afternoon music at the pool way too loud and annoying ( other days okay). Casino clean. Buffet great for lunch and breakfast but constant long line up for dinner. Spa staff unfriendly and poor ( asked for a brochure to check the services and packages and was told - you can't take one one ... we don't have anymore). Overall a good stay - if you can book at a reasonable rate this hotel is worth it.	
Aug 19 2009 	It was great	My family enjoyed our stay at the Monte Carlo, It was a wonderful experience. The rooms were clean and the housekeeping was wonderful too. The Kids enjoyed the wave pool and the lazy river. They have McDonalds, Mexican Restaurant, SBarro, Starbust inside the hotel so we did not have to run around finding our lunch and dinner. Monte Carlo is just opposite MGM so getting to the Mono rail was very easy. It was a great stay which was enjoyable and relaxing to all of us. Cheers Monte Carlo!!	
Aug 19 2009 	Good clean comfortable adequate................but that's all	Arrived late afternoon, not too bad a wait at reception, all went well booking in, asked for the discounts that were advertised on line, given a book of vouchers. Room good, clean, comfortable, adequate................but that's all, a little outdated. No in room tea or coffee facilities, this I suppose is standard practice to get you out of your room, but when I wake up I do not want to have to get dressed to go down to the lobby area to get a hot drink from Starbucks to take back to my room. Internet access had to be paid for RIP OFF. Discount vouchers were ok but only used 2, one for buffet breakfast (two for one) which was superb, choice is amazing (but after two days really wanted just a bowl of cereal and cold milk) The other voucher used was for two for the price of one for the Lance Burton Show which was superb. Brand restaurant on the first night after travelling for almost 24 hours was not cheap but very much appreciated, good food well served.Visit Fremont street via the monorail and 108 bus from the Sahara stop, got a taxi back because we could not find the return bus stop! But that was our fault not anyone elses. Use the pharmacy/shop outside the casino exit for drinks/water etc. DO NOT waste your time with the guy outside giving free tickets for shows, they are trying to sell you time share. We saw Bette Midler at the Coliseum/Caesars Palace, go to the box office they are doing great half price or better deals, when we went there were still empty seats and it was a brilliant show.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Stay in Monaco Suite!	I stayed here for 6 nights in June. It was my second tim in Vegas; and we had a great time!. We stayed in a Monaco Suite and the room was clean and quite large. We got a pretty good deal on the room also, because we booked early. We tried out the breakfast buffet on our second morning and were quite impressed (we went back twice after that). The hotel staff were friendly and efficient: We had a problem with the lock on our room door and within 10 minutes of calling maintenance, someone arrived to have a look and the matter was solved quickly.View from the room wasn't that great.But definitely had a good stay and would return. Would recommend the Monaco suites!	
Aug 17 2009 	Not bad - shame about the Pool Parties	The hotel is pretty good, small in comparison to others on the strip, but that is quite nice. Great food court so you don't have to spend a fortune on breakfast and lunch. Pool area clean and good, however we had to queue an hour before the pool opened to get the nice padded sun loungers which are well worth it.The major problem was the 'pool parties' that they now have to entice a young crowd - Thursday through Sunday from midday until 5.00 pm and the music is very loud so much that you cannot even read - the hotel do not care as it makes huge revenue in alcohol - which is a shame as it seemed to be a family orientated hotel.. Even going back to our room to get away from the noise was impossible and all you can hear is the 'thud' from the base of the music.	
Aug 16 2009 	Not quite a 4-star	The lobby/casino/restaurant areas may give off the appearance of a 4-star, but that rating does not apply when it comes to the rooms. + SWIMMING POOLS: Lazy Pool and Wave Pool + LOCATION: on the Strip, across from Hard Rock Cafe, next door to NY NY. (a 15-20 min walk will get you to Paris, Planet Hollywood, and Bellagio) During our visit, Las Vegas Blvd. was under a bit of construction and the sidewalks were sheltered and barricaded along the boulevard.- HOUSEKEEPING: worn out bedspread, stain on flat sheet, hair still on bathroom floor, cruddy caulk around the tub, stained carpet- ROOM DECOR: old-school TV, no coffee maker, missing ice bucketBottom line: Great location and pools, but not worth the &quot;4-star&quot; rate and ratings. My brother stayed at the Palace Station on business and had a nicer room (comfortable bed, clean linens, LG LCD tv) with an even &quot;nicer&quot; rate.	
Aug 14 2009 	Don't waste your money here!	The lobby is the most attractive part of this hotel. Rooms are poorly lighted. Hallways and other common areas are dirty. Room service food/leftovers are not promptly picked up leaving common areas looking shabby. Hallways and rooms look worn and in need of renovation. Rooms smell smokey and stale - even in so called non-smoking areas. Noise level throughtout the casino, pool areas and lobby areas is overwhelming. Appears to cater to loud/rowdy clients. Definitely not the place to stay if you are seeking a quiet, elegant, romantic get away! Don't waste your money here	
Aug 14 2009 	Housekeeping gets an F - Pool area gets a D	The hotel would get an A for convenience regarding the distance from the hotel rooms to the casino and pool and lobby. very convenient, very friendly hosts. The hotel would however get an F for their cleanliness and housekeeping. we had adjoining rooms and at one point the housekeeping did not even come and clean one of the rooms only made the beds,left the sink dirty, never ever cleaned the tubs and left no towels one day, had to call late at night upon our return to our rooms after visiting other casinos and thelike only to find no towels had been left. 'the day before we left housekeeping didnt come and clean until past 7 pm and in fact we saw them on our floor and had to ask if they could at least give us some towels so we could shower go to the pool and restaurant and there was a male housekeeper we asked who was obviously taking care of our floor and who did an awful job. Also the pool area was nice but the management allows drinks in the lazy river while you are on a raft there are numerous guests with drinks in their hands and some even had food. disgusting...dont recommend this hotel.	
Aug 13 2009	Not Bad Probably Would Return	stayed here for my cousin's wedding and we had a good time. my only complaint was that the rooms weren't the cleanest as I found food wrappers under the bed when we checked in. also, they used a flat sheet as a fitted sheet when making the bed (not a big deal to us but a hotel that size should have plenty of fitted sheets). there was also a lot construction going on and the pool was closed (big disapointment). overall it was an impersonal nice stay on the strip. wouldn't be my first choice when i go back but it's not bad.	
Aug 13 2009 	Upgrade your room	When my wife and I went to check in, we were asked if we'd like to pay to upgrade our room. This was only a few night trip, and we knew we wouldn't spend any time in the room, so we declined. When we got up to the room, we immediately wished we had upgraded. The rooms at a holiday inn express are nicer. We called the front office and told them we were not interested in sleeping in that room. They told us at the front desk that they had no king rooms available, but after we told them the room was unacceptable, they offered us a king room. We said that no matter what, we didn't want a room of that quality, so we paid $70/night to be upgraded to a mini suite that was much nicer. Everything in the hotel is very old and dated, but this room was comfortable and it overlooked the strip nicely. Needless to say, we still didnt end up spending much time inside the room, but the little time we did was at least comfortable and didn't feel like I was walking back in time.	
Aug 10 2009 	Fabulous suite upgrade from wonderful receptionist	I read this site before booking any hotel now and write reviews myself as you can see.I am a Vegas regular, and my husband has been many many more times than myself, so we know what we like.I found it very hard to get Premium Economy flights direct from Manchester, (the recession has hit the airline business and it's routes hard) so hard to book a package though co op travel to get best deal. We chose Monte Carlo as it was best out of ones we were offered. It is a cheaper hotel than many, but it was not cheap cheap, our orignal bill for flights and hotel (before the upgrade) came to just under £2500. Monte Carlo is a good hotel, there are just some problems. Firstly, when we checked in, the reception area was very very busy. We were seen to quickly by a wonderful recptionist called Daniela. We had only booked a deluxe room (basic room) with the intention of upgrading on check in. Daniela talked us through all the options and gave us an amazing deal. We chose the Monco suite, but due to the interconecting doors we realsied it was going to be far too loud, (they were partying next door at 1pm) so we went back to reception and took the upgrade 2 above that, the Rose Suite, staying in room 26 001. Great great room and location!! Right by lifts, so easy to go to the food court/ newsagent type shop/ casino/ spa/ pool. The ease of access to these basic things is a massive plus point with this hotel. Our suite was beautiful, pristine, massive whirl pool jacuzzi bath, kitchen area, 2 bathrooms, living area and gorgeous bedroom. The maid was wonderful, she came twice a day, and very trustworthy, we often left jewellery, money etc out, she never touched a thing. Tip your house keeping well at the end, they are super.We said we did not want a room by the pool. The noise is as bad as people say on this site. The worst pool area we have seen in Vegas, rows and rows on sunbeds like in Spain on a cheap package deal, not Vegas at all. No free water, dirty toilets, foul staff and the music bass is so loud the windows vibrate.People queued from 7:45 for the pool which opened at 9 just to get a space!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How ridiculous. People were using the European trick of going and leaving towels on the beds, which staff said was ok. Not fair. We used New York New York's pool instead which is free to Monte Calo guests and fabulous for a little pool area, lovely staff, always a sun bed free, free water, clean facilities, and loads of life gurads on duty, very safe if you have kids.Also, the walls and floors in this hotel are super thin. If we did not have this suite we could not have stayed in this hotel. Contray to the myth, in Vegas you don't party all day and night unless you're 18 years old ona weekend. If you are spending lots of money and there for a week, you like to be able to relax and enjoy your room's facilities.On the last night a group from Mexico took occupancy in suite above us and were so noisy my husband called reception twice and went up there with security. Group were very appologetic, and apparently there is a 3 strikes and you're out rule when it comes to noise. The problem was the tiles floors int he kitchen area, and furniture scraping again and again, plus dancing in high heels on it. Just disrespectful and unthoughtful. If you go to Vegas to party, go to a club or hire out a suitable suite, don't take the p**s out of other people who have paid to be there and need rest.I wouldn't stay here again simply because we have favourites (The Signature and The Hotel) and would like to visit new ones that are opening. But there are many many plus points if you get the right suite. Do not get a basic room, they are tiny, and do not get a suite with an interconnecting door. Also, don't get a room facing the pool or you will regret it.Hotel 32 is opening as a boutqiue hotel on top floor of Monte Carlo, that looks really luxurious, similiar to The Hotel and The Signature.There were many great points of this hotel though, the ease of getting food and out and about are not to be taken lightly. For example we love The Sig, but it's miles to walk through into the MGM to get food. Our suite at Monte Carlo meant hopping in the lift and then back again, it was brilliant. The thing putting me off coming back is the noise. The wrong room would be torture. My illness means I need rest, and my husband plays a lot of poker and so likes to relax too, the thought of those paper thin walls is not good.We had a great holiday.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great location great place to stay	From the moment we arrived at the monte carlo the first impressions were good, great location opposite the mgm grand, the hotel is smaller than most and so everything in the hotel is close to eachother, the rooms are clean, and better than we expected for what we paid. The pool was amazing, you can chill out in the pool, whilst listing to the dj on certain days we spent most our time in the lazy river rapids and was a good way of chatting to people. The hotel has a subway, starbuck, mcdonalds etc inside but the best place to eat has to be diablos mexicain on the front of the hotel.	
Aug 9 2009 	Stayed here to check out the Lazy River... not bad!	Check in was a breeze, there were a few people in front of us, but not bad at all. We were in a low floored room, overlooking the valet and New York, New York. Our room was nice, nothing special, but, clean, good AC, bathroom was roomy enough. Casino was reasonable..... nothing terribly special, but good enough for a day.Poker Room Small and they didn't' have enough action for DH's taste, but comparatively, the poker room at he GN was really nice. To get a seat for 1 - 2 no limit at MC was really long, ie 30 mins and they were really pushing the no limit games.Drink service Was pretty much non existent. In two hours, I saw one CW come by the slot machine I was playing at.The Micro Brewery was closed for reno's unfortunately when we were there. The poolIt was a bit too hot (+45 degrees!) and the sun was directly on the pool through the day, so we waited until 5 to go to it. When we got to the pool entrance, they went through our bags - I suspect to see if we had any glass?They told my husband he had to leave his beer he was drinking in the garbage (he had a plastic bottle - once he showed them that, they allowed him in with his beer - no biggie, but thought it was a good reminder to you... don't bring any in your bags either or they will have you take them out - the people in front of us had to do that.)We did not go in the wave pool, but saw it briefly, didn't look too big to be honest and I don't think the waves were very large either, more what I would bring a 5 year old too it seems. The lazy river was pretty decent, again, smaller than I thought it would be, but certainly sufficient. It was PACKED! There were four areas around the loop that seemed to have fairly powerful pushes... it was not so lazy of a lazy river... we enjoyed the hell out of it, but if others were coming for a lazy float, they would have been moving way faster. I think it is too small of a river to have people on flotation devices and siting at the side in the pool with their buckets of beer, there just wasn't enough room it didn't seem.Would I stay there again? Yes, if the price was right, was nothing wrong with it, but I have enjoyed other hotels more.	
Aug 9 2009 	Absolutely the worst hotel on the strip!!!	Checked in on 5th of Aug. for a three night stay. Ending up staying for just one night. First off, at check in, the front desk guy had absolutely no enthusiasm to be there. I guess we were bothering him. After getting to the room, went down to the pool area for a little fun. Went in the small and dirty lazy river/pool/jacuzzi. No frills at all. After that, we all got ready to head out to the strip. After using the shower, my wife reached for a towel only to notice that it had what appeared to be dried blood on it. The towell smelled like it was not even washed. Just flat out &quot;GROSS&quot;!!! My wife notified the front desk manager and all he could say was that he would have housekeeping up there and offered us two free buffets. Bulls__t!!! I then called down and talked to the front desk manager and asked for a different room. He then upgraded us to a 3rd floor suite. o.k. so far, so good!!! NOT... The suite was dirty. When we pulled up the cushion to the couch to see if it pulled out for a bed, we found a hair comb along with food crumbs and god know what else all over the sofa. Not done yet!!! The bathroom sink stopper was broken and when i went to pull it up, we found a chunk of bigfoots hair tangled around it. This time we went down to the front desk/manager to tell him that we wanted to leave tomorrow and to take off the two remaining days that we were suppose to stay. No problem, he says without even an apology regarding the problems in both rooms. Customer service at its best!!! Note, the casino smelled like rotten eggs and there was construcion going in the middle of it. The shops are closed down along with a couple of the restaurants. The hotel walls paper thin and you can hear everything. The maid knocked once on the door and opened it right away. Didnt even get a chance to get to the door!!! Thank god i was appropriately dressed at the time. Customer service is terrible!!! For the price, this is what you get. I read several reviews on here before i booked it, taking a chance that those reviews were just bogus. Not at all... This hotel needs to be renovated asap!!! We been coming to vegas for almost 13 years now, twice a year, and stayed in several other hotels on the strip and by far this is the worst one of them all!!! We are not high maintenance at all. We just was a standard room that is clean for a place to sleep at night. I guess you have to experience it for yourself, like we did. From here we went over to the Luxor. Stayed there for the two remaining days in Vegas and no complaints. Very nice for the price. You decide for yourself. Cheap deals does not necessarly mean a decent room!!!	
Aug 8 2009 	Did I Mention the Windows Were Filthy?	Right. We had to request a change of room twice; the first time, we took a dekko at the windows (Strip view, mind you) and said, Good Lord, They're Filthy! Next room change, we could have melted in sweat due to the air conditioning being broken. I spoke with a manager at MC and she told me that the rooms further away from the elevators work on a &quot;Swamp Cooling&quot; system. What??? She finally switched us to Room 13-303 and, while this was not glam, it served its purpose. However, there was a major crack in the window and the furniture was dinged and old-looking. There was no blower in the bathroom, and the toilet flushed like the Grand Canal, only louder. I can see that others have had similar observations. On top of that, I had to have my room key reactivated three times because it &quot;powered down&quot;. As luck would have it, the Casino, repeat Casino, was having a lovely power glitch and most of the slot machines were &quot;Out of Service&quot;. By this time I was pulling my hair out. The Monte Carlo and its employees are a bewildered lot. I say set some TNT, do an implosion, and bring that sucker down. Let the employees escape beforehand, of course.	
Aug 8 2009	Common courtesy costs nothing	Stayed 5 days at end of July 09. Checking in and out was like talking to robots, no welcoming smiles, no acknowledgements, no response to our requests for quiet room away from the building site( although we got what we asked for). They dont even look up from their computers. They should lighten up or get a job somewhere else.The hotel itself is pretty average, buffet was ok but the cafe restaurant was just awful, for both food and service, so if you like junk food, eat at the food court. The swimming pool is a joke, we were there mid week and even then it was overcrowded as it is far too small, no way can you swim there. Any 3 star and above Spanish hotel has much better pools and facilities. At weekends it must be a nightmare. On the day of our departure (Friday) we could not get a lift down and a floor janitor told us to get in a service lift. On the way down from the 29th floor, a lift maintenance man got in and we tackled him about the lift problem. He told us it was nothing to do with the lifts, but at peak times, especially at weekends the hotel is 110% booked and the lifts struggle to cope.He said it was common practice to overbook so some arriving guests are shipped off to other hotels. You also have to get in line to check out, so allow yourself plenty of time to get to the airport. Be warned! Would I stay there again, yes if the price was right, and it would have to be a lot less than the 75 dollars I paid.	
Aug 7 2009 	Was comfortable	My husband and I spent three nights there at the beginning of August. We booked here because we were trying to do Vegas on as little money as possible and we received a good deal on the Monte Carlo. I thought the room was adequate. It needed some updating but it was clean. There wasn't a lot of water pressure and the shower head was so low my husband had to duck to get under it and he is only 5'10''. I thought the bed was comfortable. We overlooked the pool area - not much of a view but when you get a really low rate you really can't expect much of a view and we were ok with that. We utilized the coupons they gave us at check in and saved some money. There was a food court with a Starbucks, McDs, Sbarros, Mexican (i can't remember the name but it was good). There are also a few other restaurants in the Casino. We had the dinner buffet one night - we didn't think it was bad, it was ok (buy one get one free). We ate at Cafe' one night and I thought the small plate of filet mignon with polenta and spinach was absolutely delicious. We had a few great martinis that Fernando made us (two for one special) at Andre's. We also had b-fast at an italian cafe with a patio in NY NY also buy one get one free. This was also delicious. I even thought the free drinks in the casino were pretty good - please tip the waitresses because they only make $4 an hour and depend on your tips. There were a lot of people not tipping the waitresses. More Vegas info - If we were to go again there are a few things I would do differently. I would stay closer to the area near the Bellagio or Caesar's Palace. There are free things to see and do there that begin in the evening but we were too tired to walk (because you'll walk more than you ever think you will) over to see there. If the hotel we stayed in was closer we could have gone. The treasure island pirate show, bellagio fountains (this starts at three and it is usually just one song long so it really isn't show length), the volcano eruption at the mirage - there were things I heard were good to do from people who have already been to vegas. I would have booked the show I wanted to see before we got there. (Love by Cirque Du Soleil) LV isn't like Boston where you can get same day half price tickets for almost any show. There are a limited variety of shows that have half price tickets. We also happened to go during the week that many of the shows were on vacation. This wasn't listed on any site when I was checking on line so I would call to be sure.While walking through Planet Hollywood's casino one night we were snagged by the PH timeshare people. They told us that the presentation at 10:30 would be 90 minutes long (we knew it would end up going a little longer and we had already scheduled something else at 12:30). They told us our gifts would be free tickets to a show and b-fast. Everyone in the front lobby was nice. B-fast was pre-packaged muffins or danish (they led us to believe it was a buffett). Once we got in there it was the hard hard sell - our saleman left our table a few times to do other things and we were getting aggravated and the time was going on and on. He was actually getting rude at the end and if it wasn't for the fact we had already spent over an hour with him I would have left - free tickets or not. DON'T GO ON THE TOUR. We weren't the only ones complaining about it, we ran into people in the lobby that felt the same way we did. It isn't worth the time or aggravation if you are going to be in Vegas for a short time.The show we got the tickets for was Tina and Tony's wedding. This was hysterical and the actors really got into getting the audience involved. A buffett was included and it was pretty good. Do yourself a favor and buy the tickets to go see this. Even though the tickets said general admission they assign seats before you get in there and my husband and I both got the feeling that we were seated at the table where you could see the least of the show because they were free tickets. We took the Hoover Dam/ Lake Mead cruise and we thought this was informational and interesting. We had a great tour guide named Spencer. The times can vary on this because of the traffic and security check point.We were to Fremont St experience on the last day were were there - it was a good thing we didn't have anything else scheduled because the deuce took forever to get in and out of town. They need more busses. There were so many people that were waiting to get in that couldn't fit I thought there was going to be a riot. Walk if you can, plan what you will do on what day and take a cab if you can afford it. We were also told that Fremont st is much more fun at night so go at night if you can.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed here for 6 days in Sept 08. Had a great time. The pool is fantastic with a quick lazy river, pulls you round and you can't get out as the current is strong but its real fun. Next to this is the great wave pool - good size and sooo clean. Sun loungers all round pool, also another pool near loungers with lots of Cabanas to hire. Drinks are served by pool. The only downfall was they are building a massive complex next door and they turned up the pool area music so loud to block out the building noise - you sometimes got a headache from the noise. Even the staff said the music was too loud but it was set on a timer. Very classy /elegant foyer and lots of staff on the massive reception desk. All helpful but not down to earth. Great casino and tons of food courts/restuarants to go to. Prices OK. Bedrooms very large/modern and very clean with massive bathrooms. Lighting a little dark though, no main ceiling lights. No balconies here but you could open the windows 2&quot; for some air, if you turned off the air con.Location very good, based in middle of strip, so you can get everywhere, bus over the road to take you up/down strip. You can reach all the other hotels from here by foot but it does take a long time to walk from one hotel to the next. We did lots of walking as it took 20 minutes to get down stairs from room and out onto strip but this is nothing compared to the other grand hotels which take an hour to get down and out to the strip. We lost a stone in weight from all the walking by end of holiday!!There's lots to see and do in Vegas and we did a Colorado River trip from here.6 days was not long enough for us and we intend to go back for at least 10 days next time next year.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good value but doesn't offer amenities like the mega resorts	The Monte Carlo overall was a good value. We paid next to nothing to stay there. Nice location, between New York New York and the new City Center. NYNY had a much better theme and many more restaurants. We spent more time there. If you are into gambling, the casinos weren't as congested. We had a quick checkin experience and they had a room available at 11 am. There were a lot of kids around so it's family friendly. Insttead of upscale restaurants, there was a food court with sbarro, mcdonalds, and others which is more affordable for a family. It just wasn't what we were looking for.I didn't like that there weren't as many shops and restaurants like the other resorts, but on the flipped side to that, it was nice to get out of some of the craziness of the strip. The hotel rooms need to be remodeled with flat screen TVs and duvet covers instead of bedspreads. The toiletries were fine and they even provided conditioner. A lot of hotels are cutting back on this. I didn't like that the only supplied a 1500W hair dryer. It took forever to dry my hair. No bathrobes were provided. We had a really hard time getting a seat at the pool. They had a lazy river, but you had to rent a tube. Make sure to pack one in your suitcase.	
Aug 6 2009 	OK but I would stay somewhere else	The hotel was fine, we aren't very picky travelers.The room was a little substandard, as it was on a low floor which faced the loading dock. The dock had trucks backing up all night with their beeping and honking. We had already fully unpacked before we realized this problem so didn't ask to be moved. The hotel was half empty so I am not sure why they put folks in these rooms as they have to be aware of the issue. If you find yourself facing the dock, then before you unpack go ask to change rooms so you can sleep (day or night depending on how much fun you plan on having).The room itself was nice, and we got a good rate. The buffet is fairly expensive and they don't have the &quot;all-day&quot; deal that many of the other hotels have to make it cheaper. The selection is a lot, but in Vegas terms it was substandard... we had eaten in the Luxor and Mandalay Bay buffets and found them much better.The wave pool and lazy river are nice but they are pretty darn packed with people. The staff said the hotel was fairly empty but you couldn't move at the pool so I wouldn't want to be there when the hotel is full. Also, there are a lot of folks drinking beer in the water all day but not a lot of people getting out to go to the bathroom.... a little gross when you consider how packed it was. If you want a drink you can't flag down a waitress and have to spend the better part of an hour in a line-up at the bar.The location is right in the middle of the strip but it is not handy at all to the monorail as it is right between two stations. You walk a lot in Vegas regardless so I would suggest finding a place that has handy access to the monorail. We ended up on one end of the strip after a long day and decided to get a taxi back to the hotel... that ate up any savings we got from getting a good rate.They have a business centre but the rate for internet is crazy! Bring your laptop and find a wifi spot if you think you need to be plugged in.All in all... OK place, nothing to bring you back again rather than trying out a different hotel.	
Aug 5 2009	Great Stay at Monte Carlo	I stayed at the Monte Carlo from July 30-Aug 4. Myself, 22 yr old daughter , daughter's friend and 11 yr old son.We stayed in Rom 20-205, room was very clean and adequate, we had 2 seperate rooms one for myself and 11 yr old and my daughter and her bff had their own room.Pool scene was great, 3 pools...lazy river, wave pool and a regular pool along with a nice size hot tub. Dj was at pool fri/sat/sun playing hiphop, old school r&amp;b and some old school rock. Wave pool got a lil rowdy at times...esp after 3 or so when a lot of folks were tipsy:-).......drinks were pricey, u can buy a large drink for $16.75 keep the cup and get refills for $12. I stuck with the Orange Crush and Blue Hawaiian (frozen) very tasty.Buffet wasnt very gd, esp for breakfast went once and never went back, i hear the dinner buffet is a lot better Food court has Subway, Sbarro, Mcdonalds, a chinese spot and mexican spot ....plus Starbucks.Location was gd, but still expect to do a lot of walking....the bus is very slow due to all the hotel stops, and cab fare can get pricey.Room service was excellent...always arrived in about 20-30 minutes...My daughter gambed in the casino mostly playing slots and craps, won a lil here n there.Overall a great stay and would def. recommend and return for a future visit.	
Aug 5 2009 	This hotel is just the right size for us.	How nice it is not to have to walk a mile to the pool, to get the car, to get coffee, or to get to the casino. With all of the mega hotels, I find it to time consuming to get around them. I don't know why there are so many complaints about the Monte Carlo as we travelled with a large family group and eveyone loved it. Go figure. There was the opportunity to eat fast food, moderate dining, or fine dining. The little Mexican fast food was our favorite. We enjoyed all of the pools and when we older ones got tired of the loud music at the wave pool, we just went to the quiet pool. We always were able to find chairs too. It is just a nice hotel, not ultra luxurious like some, but you can't beat it for the price. It will be our first choice the next time we go too.	
Aug 4 2009 	Monte Carlo	Nice hotel at the right price. It is located a little farther down the strip, but is still a comfortable walk to see everything. The rooms were a good size. We had no trouble with noise. We didn't use the pool, but it looked ok. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent value - will be back	We arrived at 8PM on a Sunday night and there was no line for check-in - never really saw any lines during our 5 day stay.Standard room on non-smoking floor #28 - view of pool area and City Center construction. Housekeeping was great - room very clean. Beds were comfortable. Air conditioning worked well/quiet. TV remote stopped working - replacement arrived within 20 minutes. No fridge in room but brought soft cooler bag from home and filled freezer bags with ice from machine.In all honesty, music from pool area was more noticeable than construction noise - after 8AM we could hear occasional very short airhorn blasts (approx 4 blasts between 8&amp;10AM?) Pool area very crowded due to 110F temps - easy to find chairs in sun. 4 pools (wave, river, wading and regular) excellent for kids.Used valet - very fast &amp; friendly, highly recommendVery nice gym - $19/day or $39 for 3 daysBusiness centre had scale to weight suitcase - $2/page to print boarding passes.Food court VERY convenient - Starbucks, McDonalds. Subway, Sbarro, Rubios, Manchu Wok and Häagen Dazs.CVS pharmacy next door and Walgreens across the street for cheap drinks/snacks/toiletries/souvenirs.We arranged late checkout (1PM) for no extra charge but then decided to extend till 6PM for 1/2 daily rate - well worth the $40.Would stay here again and would consider upgrading to Monaco Suite.	
Aug 1 2009 	Good hotel... definitely worth the money.	I stayed at Monte Carlo with my parents for around $80. The room was very clean and nice, and the view was great (though it was not facing the Strip). The hotel itself is pretty clean. One thing I didn't like was that the toilet is very loud, but other than that, worth the money. Not so luxurious, but very clean for sure.	
Aug 1 2009 	Very nice hotel	Monte Carlo is a nice hotel &amp; casino. It doesn't deserve the bad reviews that have been on here lately. Our room was on the 24th floor, quiet, all the drains worked, shower worked, ac worked. Didn't spend a lot of time in the room but was comfy when we were there. Casino was nice, buffet good and brunch on Sunday was good with crab legs and numerous other good options. Good value for what you get, not the nicest place but I am not a high roller and don't expect everyone to kiss my butt just cause I am on vacation. I enjoy my time away and make the most of what I was dealt (on and off the table). Recommend for the price and just enjoy your time in Vegas and quit complaining about all the little stuff.	
Jul 29 2009 	Some hits -- some misses	THere was much to like about the Monte Carlo, but some things fell too short to merit another stay. Things we liked:Great customer service. Every employee we encounetered seemed genuinely committed to making each guest's stay a pleasant one. From check-in, to the great bartenders and dealers, the staff made you feel welcome at all times. The Cafe and Diablo's were good for lunch served good food at reasonable prices. Things we didn't like: The room was basic and the hallways and elevator lobby on our floor (30th) were gross. Carpet stains, frayed and torn. Bed linens were old and the bathroon towels were thin and scratchy. The bathroom and bathtub sinks slow to drain. The pool area was not to our liking at all. Way too many kids running and screaming. The lazy river was like a parking lot. If you're looking for a basic room at a reaonable price, and a nice casino with low minimums, MC might be for you. If you're looking for a relaxing, romantic, place to stay, away from a bunch of kids, this is not the place.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good value	Good value for the money, and I admit I like the size of the casino and the fact that when you come down from your room you do not have far to go for anything.	
Jul 29 2009 	Maid Entered Room at 3am while I was sleeping	Imagine being sound asleep and hearing someone opening your hotel room door at 3:00 a.m. I shout &quot;who is there&quot; and someone says &quot;Sorry.&quot; Yes, happened to me on Saturday at 3 a.m. at Monte Carlo. I immediately asked Front Desk to find out who entered my room. I was told a maid transposed room numbers and was putting towels into my room (the wrong room). If she knocked, I didn't hear it. I shared a room with my sister. Several times during the 3 day stay my key would not work, but her key would. Most times we were together so it wasn't a problem. One day I saw a 18 year old sitting in the hallway by my room, obviously he had the same problem with key not working and was probably waiting for his roommate to come open the door.I've been listening to my son's rap music for over 10 years so I'm used to it but not used to going on vacation and hearing it so loud you can't take a nap on the 10th floor. Our room faced pool side and they blared it so loud you couldn't rest. I like to nap in the afternoon a couple hours so I stay up late on vacation, not possible at Monte Carlo. (I might add that this is hard core rap, not the usual stuff you hear on the radio, which made it even stranger to put up with.) I am 52 and more tolerating of that stuff, but was with my 78 year old mother (in the next room) so it was very unpleasant for her.I bought a package deal thru Continental Vacations. I guess MGM has a summer ticket package where you get the air/hotel/tickets to a show. Party of 4 going. 2 rooms. Was not told until after you pay the whole price that you then go to a website where you order the show tickets. Problem is they only let you enter 2 at a time and you request your first choice, 2nd and 3rd for a show. I, of course, didn't get my 2st and 2nd, but got my 3rd choice (Lion King). When I went to enter the other 2 in our party, I put Lion King as 1st, 2nd and 3rd choice, as we all wanted to go together to the same show. Guess what??? Not available. So now 2 had to go to a show at MGM that was available and 2 had to go to Mandalay Bay for Lion King, which meant the person ordering the tickets (me) had to go to both casinos personally before the show, pick up the tickets and then the day of the show drive the other 2 to another place an hour before my show. What a hassle!! I sound like a real complainer here, don't I??? On the way home the pilot (Continental) announces we are on a new plane costing so much and requiring this amount of fuel, etc. An hour later the lady behind me starts complaining of heat blowing at her (no problem with heat in my row). When we got home and picked up our luggage, my Mom notices huge blue stains on my white shorts (on the behind). Where did that come from???? I believe the &quot;new&quot; plane seat! I notice someone says in a review here that they brought 50 kids to Monte Carlo and loved it. Maybe that says it all. You have to be a kid to really enjoy the place (loud rap, kids everywhere, etc.) I have been to Vegas over 12 times and this is probably the only hotel I would steer people away from. One positive is the garage is very close to the hotel, which means not much walking. Being with an older person this could be a big deal. (Although the loud rap music would negate the positive of the garage situation.)	
Jul 28 2009 	Great for the money	We stayed in July. Overall it was good. I was a little nervous about a few of the reviews I read prior to going. Check in was ok but they gave us 2 doubles when we requested (by booking, email &amp; phone) a king. They did change our room with little hassle. Room was ok. Just a room. It was clean enough to feel comfortable. Bathroom was very clean. My shower had good water pressure too. Bed was very comfy. I have stayed in worse..it reminded me of a Holiday Inn and for what I paid..that is what I got...I loved the pool area. The music was great even though it was loud. (go to quiet side if you don't like loud) DJ had a really good mix..something for everyone. I saw old people jam'n as well as young! You have to line up early if you want a seat..or go later in afternoon. Wave pool was great. Bring your own float from home. They will blow it up for you and you will save money. You can drink in all pools! Not many places let you do that!! Lazy river wasn't lazy..you will ruin a pedicure in it! But fun! Pool water was refreshing. Buffet was great for breakfast. Food court was good. Not sure about the restraunts &amp; clubs. CVS right next door! Don't buy floats from there! Used the bus (duece) many times to get up&amp;down strip-$7 for 24hours.Stops right outside hotel. Casino small but nice.Would stay here again for the price. Would recommend it.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Stay	I stayed there with over 50 kids, and besides the problems with the key getting reset, everything was great. Three amazing pools, 1 wave, 1 lazy river, 1 regular pool. I enjoyed it, not as flashy as the other hotels, and the shower not the best but besides that it was good. I would stay again	
Jul 27 2009 	some good some not so good	OK, first let me say that the rates at the MC right now are simply unbeatable. I got a deal through Travelzoo and I think one of the nites our rate was $42.00. In addition, they threw in some spa credits and other extras. Sorry, that cannot be beat. The rooms are still nice-ish. They need to be updated. The linens are terrible. They need to replace all the towels and sheets asap, but the main facilities are still good. Pools have a good crowd but are not too crowded, even on the weekend. It's not the Ritz, but for the price we paid it was an excellent value.Here's the biggest thing...you MUST call in advance and request a room that is NOT on the pool side. Seriously. The other reviewers were not kidding. The music there is very loud and runs from 12-7pm. (For those of you that sleep late and get up to party, that might be cool, but I like a little afternoon snappy on my vegas jaunts.) I thought I would just make the request upon check in, thinking that on a Thursday the hotel wouldn't be too full. Wrong. They didn't have anything on the other side. I got some ear plugs, but even with them it was too loud to nap. Sigh. The ear plugs did block ALL of the construction noise and even blocked out security kicking out the people in the room next to us at 6am. (My husband told me about it later.)Other things went wrong during our stay. The billing was messed up. The internet cable for the laptop had to be replaced. The F&amp;B dept is basically non-existent. Almost all the resto's are outside contractors who lease space. The hotel probably needs new/better training for a lot of their employees. Everyone was nice, but many seemed clueless. When things went wrong we would look at each other and shrug. None of it was too terrible...just not what it used to be in it's heyday.If you go there you MUST go and have 2 for 1 martini's at Andre's in the afternoon. Andre's is (another) restaurant that has leased space from the MC. It's the best deal going in vegas. Tell Dave &quot;hey&quot; at the door. He can set you up with the finest lemon drop you'll ever have. The food there is awesome too. We had a party of 9 and they gave us a private dining room and everything was absolutely flawless.	
Jul 27 2009 	Stay at Monte Carlo 'just ok'	My husband and I stayed at the Monte Carlo from July 17-20, 2009. We arrived for check-in very early, about 9am. We did not expect our room to be ready; we were told they could check us in and give us our keys, but we would need to call back later in the afternoon to see if the room had been cleaned. The young lady checking us in was being trained at the time, so it took about 15 minutes for everything to get squared away. She didn't even speak to us the entire time, the person training her did all the talking. We asked for a room away from the construction, which the gentlemen said was not a problem. We left our bags will the Bell Desk, and were told to call them when we arrived to our room that afternoon and they would bring them up. The room was ready around 4pm, and we called for the bags, which were promptly brought up. The room was spacious, but very outdated! The bed was so old, as were all the linens, and furniture. And the walls are paper thin, you can hear everything from the rooms next door and even down the hallway. The TV kept turning off by itself and had to &quot;warm up&quot; before it would stay on. On the plus side, the room was very clean, including the bathroom. If you don't mind everything being old and outdated, then this is a nice property to stay at. The staff was very friendly and housekeeping did a great job. However, we would likely not stay here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good but not great	Not much to complain about, kind of a boring hotel in terms of nightlife etc. but suitable for older travelers. Food in restaurants and buffet was good.	
Jul 27 2009 	Hotel Stay was like staying in college dorm or spring break hotel	My wife and I went there at end of April 2009 for conference which was at Caesars Palace. We stayed at the Monte Carlo because it was cheaper. You certaintly get what you pay for in Vegas. We are in our late 30's/early 40's and the hotel was geared to twenty something party goers, too loud, too rowdy. Pool area had drinking games and rap music playing at high decibel levels - definitely not a family friendly environment.I did have plenty of time while wife was at conference to visit many other casinos/hotels along the strip and would recommend staying at the north end of the strip, less garbage, noise and annoying marketeers for strip clubs/escort services. The hotels there had classy casinos, swimming pools with family friendly atmospheres - the Venetian, Treasure Island - closer to fashion mall, with lots of good shopping.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Stay Will Stay There Again...	Stayed at monte carlo for 5 nights mid June 09, check was quick and smooth, we stayed in a spa suite. Spa was beside window overlooking the strip and size of room was awesome with wet bar and refrigerator. They gave us a discounted rate (std room price) for 1st night stay due to power outage between 6 &amp; 8am, wasn't an inconveniece. Had room service for breakfast twice which was awesome and well priced. Had problem with TV cable, was fixed very quickly. Construction of town centre site was not noisy and construction is expected to be finished later in year. Had dinner at Brand Steakhouse which was good as was service, did the buffet which we used a voucher 2 for 1 offer the meal was very good with a large selection. We played tables a few times with friendly staff and nice atmosphere, our friends were staying at NY NY and they preferred MC tables and had better luck there also.Location on the strip was good, drug store next door for convenince, can catch the deuce bus for 24hrs @ $7 or taxi's are relatively cheap as well.Went to the outlet centre for cheap shopping and souvenirs (south end Las Vegas Blvd) also went through Fashion show mall which was nice but a little dearer than outlet centre. Went to souvenir shop near Sahara which wasn't as cheap as we found elsewhere, we did not manage to get to Fremont St which was recommended. Dinner at Paris in Eiffel Tower was awesome with window seats overlooking water show. Our friends got marred at Graceland Chapel which was a hoot dancing &amp; singing (badly) with Elvis after the service. We ventured to Coyote Ugly Bar at NY NY was good although a little pretentious and attitude overdone. Hard Rock hotel was good but extremely busy was Friday night after all. Had to do grand canyon helicopter with Maverick this was spectacular and worth the expense with pilot explaining locations and attractions. So much to do and too many late nights, will definately go back and stay here again...Viva Las Vegas	
Jul 26 2009 	Very good hotel	It was my first time in Las Vegas so I can't compare this hotel to the other hotels that well, but I was glad I've chosen Monte Carlo. Stayed on the 11th floor, non-smoking, king bed, pool view. Room: Huge! The largest hotel room I've ever stayed in. In-room safe. Bathroom: Huge! The largest hotel bathroom I've ever seen. Shower could be better (too low and waterjet too weak).Location: Excellent location. Five-minute walk to the MGM, 15 minutes to the Bellagio. Taxi ride from airport costs about $15. Food court: McDonalds, Starbucks, Sbarro (pizza), Häagen-Dazs, Mexican food, Subway. Service: Good in general. Fast check-in and check-out. Most employees were nice, some of them were a little rude. Casino: large casino, not as crowded as in other hotels, less cigarette smell than in other hotels. Pool: Excellent pool but can get crowded. Longchairs fill up fast.Buffet: Very good buffet, large food selection, free drinks, reasonable price. Large deserts selection. Negative aspects: If you use the complimentary luggage storage service, watch you luggage! They leave it unattended while serving other clients before they take it away. Keep an eye on your luggage until it is safely taken away. General feeling: This hotel isn't as huge as some other hotels so you can easily get from one place to the other. It doesn't really have such an obvious theme as other hotels so it feels neutral. When you spend the day visiting other hotels which are busier, it is good to get back to a more relaxed atmosphere where you feel more like home.	
Jul 26 2009	Great Deal with a Great Location on the Vegas Strip	We stayed here the last week of June. Got a super deal through USAirways vacations! I have stayed at the Monte Carlo a few times in the past, but it’s been a few years. This time it was with my Mom and sister. We arrived early form the airport and were able to check in right away. The Monte was as beautiful and clean as I remembered it. I love the Monte Carlo’s location as it makes it easy to walk over to NY NY or even MGM or to the Belligio at nighttime to get a glimpse of the fountains. Our room was decent size and clean. Was shocked about how much building was being done around this hotel. I didn’t like how they added the restaurant to the front since I thought it took away from the beautiful steps of Monte Carlo. The pool area was also affected. It looks like they lost some seating area due to the massive “City Walk” MGM project going on right now. We did enjoy the pool area everyday we stayed there. It was still very beautiful and they had a DJ in the afternoons. We went down to the pool before it opened and there was already a line! We wanted to sit by the pool that was in the shade and had the comfy chair covers. We were successful both days to get these seats. Be warned people run out at 9AM just go cover groups of chairs with towels and are gone for hours. If your going to be there all day and want a good seat in a good location get there right before 9AM. We did eat poolside at the Brew Pub, which was great. I did find out later that the Brewpub was closing. Very sad about that but curious what they will put there. We did eat at the food court every morning before we hit the pool, which was convenient. The cost saving tip I’ll share is the CVS next door. This is great for snacks, water and soda. We did eat at the Buffet one night and it was just ok and would not say one of the better buffets in Vegas such as Belligio, Paris, Rio, but again it was convenient. Overall this hotel is in a great location on the Strip. Has great staff and is very clean. I would stay here again.	
Jul 26 2009 	not as nice as i expected	right here we go, we stayed here from 30 june untill 7th july 09, i had previously stayed at Treasure Island 6 months before and was returning to vegas to attend the desert classic darts tournement,so i booked the monte carlo because it was nearer to the mandalay bay.Check in was ok, i did the $20 dollar trick at the desk and got up-graded to a high floor with strip view which was nice, although had to wait a few hours for the room to be cleaned, didnt mind this much as went to explore. The rooms are soooo in need of an up-date, wonky lamp shades, sheets that are not fitted and a dark feel to to the room, beds were comfy and the bathroom was clean and lots of fresh towels.The brew pub was closed as was the lance burton show (he had broken his leg??) the food court was busy in the mornings but quick service was noticed. Sharon in macdonalds never smiled once but she had a nack of getting them ques down quickly,and never once got the order wrong. Coffee was far cheaper in subway than in starbucks, and the internet accsess was $5 for 20 mins,(not bad).Diablos cantina outside was always very busy and free margharitas were given with any main meal purchased,they were also served in a very large glass insted of an egg cup which you sometimes find with &quot;freebies&quot;. Food there was ok, i asked for more mayo and sure enough it was delivered super quick.Gift shop: Dont buy anything from here if you can help it, its $8 for a pack of cigies and $3 for a bottle of water, there is a cvs place next door where water is $1. What i found about the monte carlos location was outside were a lot of &quot;clicky clicky men&quot; shoving porn cards in your face and it didnt matter if you were male,female or a family, you got them, this went on all the way down to the belagio where through the walkway the street was covered in these cards, we are 35 years old and it didnt phase us, but i did see one woman try and explain it to her 6 year old!! (not good)Take your own drinks to the pool, a very skimpy waitress will come past every ten mins asking if you want drinks, we did once and it cost nearly $18 for a beer and a coke, then a tip?? Pool was great although the jacuzzie was icy cold, i saw a elderly woman in there with blue lips!! Lazy river is good fun but gets crowded by inflatables, kids pool looked quite and had a gate to stop little monsters escaping.Cafe in monte carlo was similar to Treasure Islands, almost same menu so i wasnt dissapointed, although the corned beef hash could have done with a makeover from delia smith. Try the mushroon and cheese omlette, very nice.At night coming back, the walls were thin and there was a bit of noise from the neighbours, also the trays from room service that had been left on the floor in the mornings for collection, were still there,and old pizza boxes in the hallway to trip over when youve had one too many.The casino was average, not much excitment going on, went for a craps lesson one morning and walked away as the way it was explained didnt make any sense and the dealer was far more intrested in takling about himself, there was a hour out of my life ill never get back. the drinks were free as long as you gambled,however the glasses were more of a small tumbler with far too much ice, and the waitress was rarley seen, so if your after a cheap drink, dont sit at a slot machine hoping she will come or you will find yourself putting $20 dollars in so your looking busy , just go and pay full whack for your beer , you still save money.I wouldnt stay here again, as it really needs somebody to go in and shake things up a bit, seems a bit stuck in the 70's, but a good base if your going to party,det drunk,and sleep.One word of warning,,,, when going to watch the fountains of the belagio, DONT buy water from the shop inside $8 !!!! i nearly cried when i saw a man with a ice box selling it for $1 outside the fountains.Have Fun, were going back next year but will stay in Treasure Island again.(sorry m.c)x	
Jul 25 2009 	Loved the lazy river!	I've stayed at the Venetian, Golden Nugget, Planet Hollywood, Sahara, and Trump Towers and now the Monte Carlo. In comparison, the MC is a nice hotel if you're looking for a clean run of the mill room in a relatively good location that is easy to navigate at a reasonable price. Very easy access from the parking garage to the lobby, elevators, pool, and food court. Of all the hotels I've stayed in this one was definitely the most convenient to all the amenities. The front desk personnel, food servers, lifeguards, and housekeepers were all very pleasant and helpful. We were disappointed that the Brew Pub was closed, but we were happy with the Food Court. McDonald's was our favorite and it was open til 3 am and re-opened at 5 am. The prices were very reasonable .... they even offered $1 sweet tea!We absolutely loved the pool area, especially the lazy river. Instead of paying $14 or $15 to rent a tube for the day we purchased $2 tubes from Wal-Mart. The pool attendants graciously inflated the tubes for us and even offered to write our names on them. Even though the room is nothing fancy, the bed and pillows were very comfortable. The air conditioner also worked well and was very quiet.The only negative is the City Center which is being built next door. It looms over the pool area and looks so out of place. I certainly hope it is more attractive when it is completed later this year. Las Vegas Blvd. is being modified to accommodate the City Center traffic which creates a traffic jam. It also makes it more difficult to walk to the Bellagio and other casinos on that side. There use to be a tram between the MC and the Bellagio which I assume has been torn down for the City Center. We never heard any construction noises.Overall, we would definitely stay at the Monte Carlo again....it is a great hotel for the price and convenience.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great value	One of my biggest complaints is the smell of the casino...it's in between pine sol and baby wipes...not great odour.pool standards have droppedrooms were good, staff were really good!	
Jul 22 2009 	Great accomodations at an affordable price	For one of the older hotels on the strip it was very clean and has been nicely renovated. Unlike some of the earlier reviews we did not experience any issues with construction noise. Our check in and check out were very easy and the room was as promised in the reservations. We found it to be very convenient to have a Starbucks and a few fast food places in the hotel for early morning and late night snacks. Probably the highlight of our stay was the wonderful pool or I should say pools at the Monte Carlo. It was nice to have the option of a wave pool, a lazy river, and a regular pool to lounge in. One tip for you pool bums are to buy the larger souvenir cups the first day at the pool and reuse them the rest of the time you are there. You will get twice the amount of beverage for a little more than you would pay for a smaller one. Also the one time we ordered food while at the pool it was brought out in a timely manner and was very yummy. Just be careful when charging to your room because you could experience some sticker shock by the end of the week. Out of our whole stay the only negative thing we did find is that the room service is slow on cleaning the food trays left in the halls. The spa facilities at the hotel are well worth a visit. In specific the hot stone massage was awesome - make sure you ask for Christina.	
Jul 21 2009 	Terrific service and location	I spent four nights at the Monte Carlo last month. I love going to Las Vegas, but I'm not much of a gambler. I like to relax, shop, and just hang out. This hotel is perfect for my interests. Ideal location across from MGM so it's easy to get on the monorail and travel up and down the strip. Room was clean and quiet. Air conditioner worked well and bed was very comfortable.No coffee in the room which I dislike, but seems typical for hotels on the strip. I ordered room service and had a standing order every morning at 6:30. Service was fantastic. They brought my coffee every morning on time and even poured it for me!I went to the spa and had a pedicure - seemed a little rushed, but still very enjoyable and not too expense. Overall, an excellent value!	
Jul 21 2009	Monte Carlo Las Vegas	My husband, teenager and I recently vacationed for three weeks in the US (we are Canadians). We arrived in LA, stayed in Anaheim, Palm Springs and then in Vegas for the final 10 days of our vacation. This was our third visit to Vegas and each time we've stayed in different hotels. This trip we stayed at the Monte Carlo because of the three pool areas, especially the lazy river. The lazy river was what we expected but that was the only fun thing about the Monte Carlo. We arrived in our room with a view looking through windows that had not been cleaned in years. The view was overlooking an awful construction area. Not pleasant. The Monte Carlo must be a very old hotel that has never been renovated. The room we were first assigned had large chunks of wood missing from the furniture, dark stains all over the carpet, very old-style tv, and the comforters on the beds looked like they were put there in 1980, washed from time-to-time but still old. It looked like someone urined on the desk chair. The bathroom had the same overall feeling. My thought is that when you walk into a hotel room you should never feel like a million people stayed there. But that is exactly how it was. The hotel moved us twice and the third time the room was better than the first two but not by much. We had prepaid for our room for ten nights and the hotel would not give us a full refund so we stayed there. We had prepaid months before arrival and received the summer special with a buffet 2 for 1. Don't bother going to the buffet. It is terrible - nothing but pig slop. For the Monte Carlo We paid $79 some nights and during the weekend we paid $189 per night so the hotel was not cheap. As mentioned, we were in California and Vegas all total three weeks. We stayed at a Howard Johnson in Anaheim, a Holiday Inn in Palm Springs and those hotels were great. My advice to anyone is do not stay at the Monte Carlo. I won't be staying there ever again or when I return in October! I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT!	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Value!	Stayed at the Monte Carlo July 12th - 15th! It was a great stay loved the pool area and the atmosphere around the pool area! Our room was a suite on the 30th floor and that was awesome also! There was a Hot tub, steamer shower, and bar area! I was amazed to see there was no flat screen in the room! The view was incredible and that alone would have me go back! The hotel is self if average it wasnt like the others we visited on the strip! Would I stay here again sure, the staff is friendly and casino mood at this hotel is always joyful!	
Jul 20 2009 	Surprise Broken	I wanted to surprise my wife and her friends on their first visit to Las Vegas with champagne and chocolate covered strawberries when they first walked into their room at the Monte Carlo Hotel. I made several calls to the hotel and was told everytime that they could not have the items in the room until after they had checked in which ruins the surprise/wow factor. Even though they had reservations I was told that the rooms were not assigned until they checked in. The statement below was taken directly from the hotels web site. I guess the key phrase is &quot;upon their arrival&quot;. Do you have a loved one, friend or a family member staying with us? Would you like to show them you are thinking about them even though you couldn’t make it out this trip?We have just the thing for you. Arrange to send them a gift upon their arrival with a card and share that little something extra.Choose from our incredible list of choices, starting with strawberries and champagne to a relaxing spa basket, and we will make it happen as if you were here.	
Jul 19 2009 	Overall one of the best for value.	my wife and daughter and I stayed on the first part of our weeklong stay at this hotel, as we heard good things about it and wanted to try it out. We checked in on a Sunday afternoon and found an almost deserted hotel. The recession is really taking it's toll, I guess.The check in was fast and our agent was very professional. When we checked into our room, it was apparent thatteh air conditioning was out on our floor. The room was clean, however as my picture shows, it was lacking in updated bedding and the room needed a refresh of undinged furniture and nightstand.As we were basically using the room for sleeping, it wasn't a major issue.We used the restaurants, food court, spa, pool and casino on this trip. We found the staff very accomodating. As a few of the restaurants were under construction, our options were few. Diablo's, as i've experienced before, lived up to its reputation as a great palce for drinks and people watching, and not a bad mexican themed menu to boot.The buffet was lacking quality entree items. The cafe was much better in this regard!For the money we paid, we were very happy overall.If you can overlook a tired guestroom, this is a great hotel in a great location!	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Value Hotel!	Monte Carlo is an amazing hotel for the price! I stayed here on a trip with 4 other girls and we got 2 rooms. When checking in they had put us on different floors and after asking to see if there was anything closer we ended up being right across the hall from each other. The customer service was friendly and efficient during both checkin and checkout. The location is great. It's about 3/4 of the way down the strip so you're not ALL the way at the end. It's great for walking up on one side of the Strip, and turning around and walking down the other side. It's near some other major hotels such as MGM Grand and New York, New York so it's not all by itself and it does see a lot of traffic. I came down with the flu while I was in Vegas so spent quite a bit of time in the hotel room in bed, and I can safely say that they were really comfortable! We had no problems with air conditioning at all, that all worked fine and was nice to have. The bathrooms were very roomy and clean with nice granite countertops. Lots of counterspace which is great for a room full of girls getting ready. The room service staff were really nice, as when I was sick all I wanted was either some plain toast with butter and flat Gingerale, or chicken noodle soup. While this wasn't really on the room service menu, when I called them and asked they gave me a few options that they thought would be good for someone who was sick. As most room serivce (anywhere) is expensive I would try to avoid that if you're trying to watch the spending. I only went down to the pool area once and for a short time, but the girls I travelled with were able to spend a day at the pool and said that finding an open chair wasn't too difficult (as I've stayed at other hotels in Vegas which sometimes are near impossible to find an open beach chair) and they LOVED the lazy river. It's nice to be able to float around lazily in an innertube and stay cool while soaking up some sun. There were enough palm trees around to offer some shade if you wanted it as well. For a 3-star hotel and the price that comes with it, Monte Carlo felt like a 4 star hotel with great value. Out of the other hotels in it's 3-star class, I would definitely choose Monte Carlo again over any of them.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great resort	My wife and I stayed here in the middle of July, 2009, and we had a great experience. The front desk staff was very accomadating and provided us with a terrific room, a Monaco suite. The room was spacious and well designed. We had no problems finding a machine to play on or a table to play at during the entire week. The pool area was very nice and the lazy river, although crowded, was relaxing. The new parking garage is a recent addition and very convenient. It is well lit and there was a security person at all times. We will be looking forward to our next trip to Vegas and plan to stay at the Monte Carlo.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Spot On the Strip!	If you want action and convenience this is the place to stay. It is a little pricey, but hey it's Vegas! The staff are very accommodating and well organised. The parking service was EXCELLENT! The pools were wonderful and the casino even has its own food court. The only things we didn't like (which are probably common in Vegas) was the Casino is very smokey and at times the room was a little noisy from the pool music and construction work. When we checked in they did give us an option of a higher floor facing the strip for an extra $20 a night. Had we of decided to take up the offer I'd probably have nothing to complain about. From reading other reviews I had mixed feeling about staying here, but I guess everyone has had differing experiences and some people are fussier than others. I'd recommend staying here!	
Jul 16 2009	food police	Had to change rooms twice, each time waited 20 mins in line. Waited ten mins for a drink at the brew pub while staff chats to one and only customer about how good they look for their age ( happened at least two other bars in hotel) Pool bar charges $10 for two bottles of water. They check your room key at the pool gate which is good but they also check your bag . I thought this was also for security but found out they are looking for food , after buying two ice creams FROM THE HOTEL and taking them to the pool I was stopped and told I could not eat them by the pool. I stood there in 40 degree heat with ice cream running down my arms unable to reach my sister to tell her to come out to eat and unable to go in. I argued there are no signs anywere about this rule and. I then asked for the reasons, because it was not for hygiene because people are drinking creamy cocktails and rainbow ice drinks in the pool spilling them and leaving a nice foamy scum around the edge of the water for you to swim in, could the reason be they want you to buy the very expensive food and drink from the pool bar. Pool area was filthy ,put my bag on the floor and was covered in stains, clothes dirty from the beds ,swam twice in seven days because pool packed out with lots of people just standing in the pool waving drinks about, sun beds all reserved at 9am but no one around until lunch time . Sat and watched as people forced to eat quickly standing up or throw food away, even families with small children had to throw away snax bought from the hotel shop, one woman was turned away bacause she had an apple. The loud rock music started at 9AM and got louder through the day, The rooms and the hotel was shabby and scruffy and house keeping done as little as possible. Lots of what look like drunk teenagers running around screaming and shouting. Most of the staff were rude apart from the buffet staff. Paid alot of money for what is supposed to be an ok hotel , feel cheated and ruined my birthday trip	
Jul 16 2009 	Friendly clean and a bargain	Despite the construction going on in and around the hotel, we really enjoyed our stay. It's not the swankiest of rooms (mainly the bed linens are okay, but not great), but when you're spending so little, what do you expect? It was very clean, and the casino is one of the less frenetic ones on the strip. There's plenty of space and light, and the dealers are nice. The casino also does not have a strong odor (neither of smoke nor cloying air fresheners). We were in Vegas to meet up with family. We checked in first. We were on a different floor from my parents and, after spending a night in our original room, we asked if we could move to their floor, which promptly happened.I would be happy to stay here on a return trip.	
Jul 16 2009 	Wanted to love it... but they didn't want my love!	Okay, I wanted to try staying at the Monte Carlo because it seemed to be a little more upscale than the NYNY next door, where I've stayed twice. I was hit with disappointment the second I arrived. The entire MC parking structure was CLOSED to guests! They were using it for construction workers for City Center! I had to park out on the hot sun and walk about 200 yards with my heavy bags, through lots of traffic on the side alley. Valet was very packed the whole time I was there, and I hate leaving my nice car with valets.Also, like the Mirage, they have this strange check-in area, where there is no single line, and you just stand in front of each desk clerk. I had several other people walk up and get their rooms while I waited.The elevator banks are close by though, and I had one that serviced just the upper rooms. The hallway to the room was very sparse, with no decoration or feel that you are at the Monte Carlo. The room was the same and it made the NYNY look like The Palms! Nothing special about the room at all. It had most of the normal amenities, but these days hotels in Vegas should be offering something beyond &quot;normal&quot;, especially for the higher rates I paid.Most of this average quality was to be found in other areas too. The pool area was packed every day of my 4 night stay, and I got the last chair each time I went. It would have been a nice pool area were it not for the loud music which made talking to your waitress almost impossible. The river they have is nice, but you need to get rid of half the people in order to have a nice swim not getting bumped into. I heard they are letting people from the NYNY use the MC's pool.Gambling, the buffet and coffee shop were also nothing special, though the service was above average. Diablo's, right out front, had great fajitas and a great view of the Strip. We ate at Andre's and had a 4 Star meal. Had the sea bass and it was worth every penny! But they would not let me open a bottle of expensive wine I'd brought. They didn't have corkage at all. The front desk clerk had given us a $25 off card to use, so once again, the service is great but some policies need to change. We ended up buying a pair of cheap wine glasses and drinking out on the steps right on the Strip!I also tried Brand, which is their steak place, but it is right off the side of the casino and open to it. Smelled lots of cigarette smoke throughout dinner. The burgers were good, but the servers are a little young for such high prices.The overall crowd at the MC was younger than I had expected and it proved that Vegas has lots of visitors. If I ran the Monte Carlo I would demand shuttles, buses or carpools for the construction workers, thus giving MC guests back their parking structure. I would also create a single check-in line, add special amenities to the rooms, lower the music at the pools, or have a separate area for adults who want more peace and quiet.Until then I'm not really able to recommend the MC.	
Jul 15 2009 	Very nice room at a very good price.	The service was excellent, location great, and check in was a breeze.	
Jul 14 2009 	I will be back	I travel to Vegas yearly, and I will have to say that the Monte Carlo is a very classy hotel at reasonable rates. I have stayed here the past two years and found the hotel to be clean, and staff to be very helpful. The rooms are not extravagant, but they are clean and very nice. Look forward to my next trip to Vegas, and the Monte Carlo!!!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Stay Away	I had hear pretty good things about this hotel but, that was not the case at all. I don't find myself to be a picky traveler. The customer service was horrible. The front desk was not knowledgeable. They were rude and not helpful. I felt like they were doing me the favour by allowing me to stay there. I have been to Vegas many times and never had an experience quite like this one. This will be the last time that I stay at an MGM property.	
Jul 13 2009 	Really enjoyed our time at Monte Carlo	Just returned from a great stay at Monte Carlo. We try to get out to vegas once a year and was a little nervous after reading reviews. Previous trips we've stayed at Venetian, MGM, and Caesars. Monte Carlo sent us a deal that was too good to pass up and we really enjoyed our stay. We'd definitely stay here again. We loved the layout of the MC. It was very easy to get around. When you come down from the room, you have the main lobby, pool, casino, and food court all right there. The other hotels you have to walk a mile to get around. The room was average but we didn't care at all. We generally left the room at 9am and didn't go to bed until after 1am. We slept, showered, and changed at the room. I've seen some bad reviews on beds but ours was fine and comfortable. Our room was the last one on the 27th floor so noisy neighbors and construction wasn't an issue. Another good piece of advice we took from previous reviews was bringing tubes for the lazy river with us. I think my wife bought some for under $5 compared to renting or buying at the pool. only negative I had was you couldn't sit on the edge of the pool with a drink. This is the only hotel I've been too where i couldn't drink a beer sitting on side of pool. So instead of running up a $75 bar tab per day at the pool, i bought one beer in four days b/c I didn't want to drink it sitting in my chair. As I said, we'd definitely stay here again. It's not as nice as the other hotels we've stayed, but for the price it was great. We averaged $50/night (Wed-Sat night) and would stay at the MC all the time for that rate.	
Jul 13 2009 	hotel staff not friendly	Hotel is mediocre. Room is dark and not well ventilated. Mattress is way too soft. The hotel staff is not friendly at all. Called and asked for direction to the gym, got rude answer and hung up. Will not stay here again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Poor Service for a Strip Hotel	First review for us and it must be said that this service in the Casino is the worst I have ever seen in Las Vegas. We will not spend our money at this Casino tommorrow. The staff is rude and their is no atmosphere that makes playing fun. Spent nearly 30 minutes before we got service at the craps table for drinks. Video poker was even worse, the bartender spent his time NOT delivering drinks. The place is just dead and absolutely no fun! Isn't Vegas about fun? Do not stay or play here!!!Oh, the Diablo Cantina is a great place to eat and hang...that is it!!	
Jul 7 2009 	amenities were ok customer service was horrible	I had booked my room ahead of time and prepaid and when I checked in they only had me down for 2 of my 3 reserved rooms. Fortunately I was able to pull up my confirmation emails on my phone and show them I had indeed booked 3 rooms. Once I arrived at my room, the shower was awfull. In addition, the maids did not clean the bathroom or room very well, I found garbage on the floor by the window and the shower had hair smeared on the tile side when I arrived. However, the maids did manage to lift an item of clothing from my room. When I filed a report about it I was treated rudely by the &quot;risk management&quot; staff and not compensated. I was told they sent me a letter of apology and when I said I hadn't received it I was rudely asked if I had &quot;checked my mail recently&quot;. To say the least I was not at all impressed with my stay and I will never go back. oh and you had to pay to use the hotel gym.	
Jul 7 2009 	good location 	The hotel was in a good location of the Strip. The room was a tad dated but very clean &amp; comfortable. The maid service was adequate also. The pool was overcrowded (being summer &amp; all, no surprise) but we managed to have a good time relaxing there &amp; ordering some decent poolside cocktails &amp; food. The beds were real comfortable..after an evening of walking the Strip, you want a comfy bed to go to.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Stay- Pool makes it all worth it!	We were hesitant to book this hotel for a 3 night stay over the 4th of July weekend. I feel that this review is needed to balance the bad reviews. Our experience was great. Overall, the staff was very helpful and friendly, the hotel room (while fairly basic and small) was clean and had a nice view of the srip. We stayed in a deluxe high floor strip view room and it was quiet and the beds were fine. The pool was the best part! You do have to get there early to get a chair- if you do, you should have no problems finding chairs together.Pro's- Wave pool- while kind of small, it is lots of fun- The lazy river is swift and fun- You can bring your own raft to the pool. You can also rent one of their rafts, but it's cheaper to buy one at walgreens which is nearby. The pool attendants are also happy to blow it up for you- again, very good service- Pool drink service was fast and someone always came by. The food by the pool was also good.- There's a regular pool as well- mainly adults in this pool. We had a 6 year old with us, so we used the wave pool and lazy river mainly.- Pool area can get croweded, but don't let that deter you- it's fine- Pool hours are the same in most of the big hotels- this one closes at 7. Some others close at 6 (it's vegas, go figure)- Live DJ at the pool. The music is loud, but not terrible. Even with a hangover you should be ok.- There's a store in the lobby- has all your essentials you could need- Food court in the hotel (McDonalds, Starbucks, Rubios, etc)- great for a quick bite- Fast elevators- easy check-in and check-out- fast valet service- pretty good location on the strip- especially if traveling with kids- it's close to excalibur and M&amp;M world, etcCon's:- Room pretty small, but adequate- Halls could use some touching up- Room service trays left out for a few days- Food and service at their cafe was just ok- and prices pretty high- Casino was ok- I've been to better and worseAll in all, I would say that this was a very kid-friendly and nice hotel. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a hotel with a great pool and a clean room with a nice view. Don't worry about the bad reviews- I couldn't find anything really bad with this hotel- and I am a tough critic.	
Jul 5 2009 	Nothing to write home about but does the job	Really decent price for a hotel that is relatively close to some of the better casinos. Accommodations are pretty standard but much better than I expected for $40 a night! Bed was comfortable and room was clean, water pressure good. I didn't spend much time there anyway =)	
Jul 3 2009 	Great Location - Ok Casino - Staff "ok"	So my girlfriend and I stayed at the Monte Carlo in late June. We booked a Tues-Sat for $42 a night. Couldnt really beat it. My other family were staying at the Mandalay Bay and the Hard Rock. So we were in close proxemity to them all.So we arrived and checked it. We were glad to see the casino was easy to navigate. It's kinda just like a straight line, not crazy halls and turns everywhere. This was probably my fave part of the palce. Didnt have to look hard to find my family.We didnt really eat there, so i cant comment on the food.The rooms were pretty blah. Nothing special, but nothing wrong either. It wokred out. I dont know how I'd feel about paying more/night. But for what we paid we were very happy. Great location, ok service, and ok rooms.	
Jul 1 2009 	Not all that	The location of this hotel is good. The rooms were small.The only poor service i would elaborate on was the hair dryer had stopped working and someone came to replace a new one on the wall (at a bad time). They were to come back and never did. So the remainder of the visit I had the dryer sittin on the counter. The room was plain as jane. The bathroom fixtures were old. There was nothing elaborate about the room. You had to pay for the internet and local calls. The money taken in of this place is spent in the casino and making it look appealing on the outside. I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jul 1 2009 	No Thanks!	The location of this hotel is great for most activities in Las Vegas.The hotel itself is however not good at all. Its old and worn. Cleaning was ok, as long as you dont look under the bed. ( I did..)If you like really bad tvreception, doorkeys that work perhaps every third time and plumbing that wakes up the whole floor then this is the perfect hotel for You. As an added bonus You get a boring casino and a not working players club. And ofcourse they lost my membership information for the players club and almost accused me of stealing a card.Internet access at $14.99 per 24h period is an insult even though it seemed quite fast. The only really good thing was the staff for check in/out and the poolarea.	
Jul 1 2009 	Monte Carlo - Good Enough	This review is long overdue.  We had a wonderful family reunion which included family members from Montreal, Toronto, LA and Santa Barbara. All fifteen of us stayed at the Monte Carlo. What got the ball rolling was the fact that my brother-in-law won a free five day trip to LV through work for his family, so we decided to join. Managed to get a fabulous rate of $59 for the first 3 nights, then $129 on the week-end. Having stayed at the Venetian two years aga ( first time in Vegas) , I was leary about such a stepdown. Here are my impressions: Firstly, the size of the hotel was a huge plus. It was wonderfully manageable. No walking for fifteen minutes just to reach the front desk. No big hustle and bustle in the lobby and common areas. This made sense since there is no big attraction here drawing the crowds. No theme. Just a nice marble lobby.Check in was a bit dicey upon arrival. My sister requested that we all be on the same floor. Instead, we ended up on different floors. Staff response was rather icey and not apologetic in the least. We decided not to move in the end. Too much hastle.Room: Clean. Decent enough furnishings. Came nowhere close to our suite at the Venezia Tower. Bathroom was fine. One big problem - the beds were awful (we had two Queens). I told everyone it felt like we were sleeping on water beds - filled halfway! Lumpy, soupy, lightweight. The blankets and sheets were no better. Thin linens; ugly brown woven blanket. No fluffy duvet nestled between two layers of crips sheets in this room. Honestly, I suffered with a lower backache for two months after those sleeps. Other than that, the room was adequate. We were on the fourth floor looking out at the NYNY rollercoaster. Screams and wheel grinding got going on the early side (it's a wonder why anyone would ride a rollercoaster at that hour). Oh yes, we also heard that beeping sound from garbage or construction trucks. Thank goodness for earplugs.I don't gamble, but the casino seemed decent enough. Food: Fast food choices fine for breakfast. Discovered hot oatmeal with a variety of fixings at Starbucks - yummy. Eggs were rather greasy at the breakfast stop. We had coupons for the buffet, so decided on breakfast one morning. Good selection. No complaints. Ate at one of the restaurants one night. Sorry, I've forgotten the name, but it's the casual diner type one. Overall, food was very fair and we definitely wouldn't go back. What really made us squirm was witnessing a crew (including some kind of security person or manager) totally disinfecting the table behind us, all in blue rubber gloves. They even threw out all cutlery and dishes on the table. We didn't go to the trouble of asking why all this was going on for fear of the answer. A plus for us was the location. We liked the fact that the hotel wasn't dead set in the middle of all the strip action, but rather closer to the south end where the scene wasn't so hectic. Also, made getting out of Vegas much easier, both navigation and timewise.Bottom line - would I stay at the MC again? Probably not unless we were guaranteed brand new pillow top beds and top quality duvets and linens. Did I mention that the bottom sheets weren't fitted causing them to slide off at somepoint during the night. It was totally gross waking up on the matress cover. What can I say? The Venezia spoiled us silly!	
Jun 29 2009 	Enjoyed the hotel pool was disappointing	We stayed for 2 nites and were happy overall with the hotel. I really liked the layout - you did not have to walk for miles through the casino to get to your room. The elevators were right off the lobby as well as the 'fast food' type restaurants. The beds were very comfortable - which is a plus after long days walking the strip. We booked a special summer package which included several 2 for 1 coupons. When we got to the room, we realized they 'forgot' the coupons - however the front desk corrected the mistake later.The biggest disappointment was the pool area. We were only able to go to the pool one late afternoon. We found 4 chairs together (a plus), but I thought the pool water was very dirty. It was cloudy and had pieces of paper floating in it - probably because of all the people drinking and smoking IN the pool. The wave pool was not working this day, but the water here was much cleaner and no one was in the pool. Of course I expected the loud music but it was definitely LOUD - forget relaxing by the pool when the music was on. I might stay here again based on location of the hotel - and only in the colder weather - not when we wanted pool time.	
Jun 29 2009 	JUST SAY "NO"	The only thing good about the hotel was the fact that it does not smell like smoke like other hotels. The room was outdated, the tub was not working, we had to stop in the middle of the shower to let the water go down so we can continue and it would not overflow, we called and they never showed up to fix it, and when we told them at checkout they said there was no mention of it at all, and we had to ask for a new hair dryer, since ours was throwing sparks out and we got one that was nasty dirty and it did the same thing the next day, and finally we called them again and they brought us a new one at 4:30am, when we asked for it at 2:30am.....	
Jun 28 2009 	Great view of the strip	The room was spacious, the beds were squeaky &amp; my back hurt for days after staying here. The chairs had stains, I hate that, I will not sit on anything that looks like that. The pool was nice, the food in the bar area was good. The buffet, for the price, was YUCK! We had a great view from our room. Find someplace else to stay.	
Jun 26 2009	Skip the Monte Carlo!	The best thing about our recent stay at the Monte Carlo Hotel &amp; Casino was that it was only 1 night. The room itself and the buffet were adequate but nothing special. The first problem was check-in, when the agent handling our check-in answered a phone call and kept us waiting close to 10 minutes while he handled a complaint from another guest wanting to change his room. When we got to our room, a quick check out the window revealed the ugliest view we've ever had - nothing but construction everywhere. However, we hadn't come for the view and figured that the construction wouldn't be a problem at night. Wrong! All night long, equipment delivered supplies, with crashing metal and equipment backup beeping dominating the night noise. We then understood why the guest had been trying to change his room when we checked in. The next problem was heading for breakfast. We heard the 1st emergency alarm while boarding the elevator. Alarms kept going off peridically for over half an hour and it wasn't until the 4th or 5th alarm that they bothered to announce that the alarms were only a test. Three days later we again passed through Las Vegas and spent 2 nights at Treasure Island in a great room for about the same price (around $75 night). What a difference!	
Jun 26 2009 	Definitely a keeper	The Monte Carlo is definitely on my list of favorites for Las Vegas. We arrived early (noon) and were able to check in right away. Check in was quick and easy. Our room (16th floor) was spacious and clean. Beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was all marble and very clean. The shower was great. We were not bothered by the construction at all. We did not use the pool but did walk out there and I agree that the music is very loud (as it is everywhere in Vegas) and it was very crowded. The food at the Cafe was excellent and reasonably priced by Vegas standards. The casino was large but easy to navigate. Don't plan on winning in Vegas right now. Things are wound up tighter than a drum. Do your gambling downtown at the Four Queens and be sure to stay for the laser light show.	
Jun 26 2009 	Twelve Years staying at the Monte Carlo - Never Again!	We arrived at the Monte after an 11-hour flight only to be told that our room wouldn't be ready till 5 pm. When we got there our expected Strip View was entirely blocked by a towering huge grey wall which turned out to be part of the new City Centre project. The beds were Ok but why don't they supply decent plump pillows instead of the dolls house variety? My wife and I have been staying at (and recommending) the Monte Carlo since it opened in 1996 and have seen a steady decline in just about every aspect of the Hotel. On our last visit 18 months ago we saw the start of the City Centre construction right next to the hotel -and the noise and dust that accompanied it. The once-fabulous pool area has been greatly reduced (the Lazy River wasn't working the day we arrived) and the whole environment is overshadowed by what appears to be the Backside of Benidorm. - and a huge grey warehouse-style abomination that completely ruins the view. Even the cooling waterfalls have gone. On arrival at the pool at 9am everyone had their bags searched (no, not for bombs) but - &quot;due to a change of policy we don't allow any food in the pool area&quot; we were told by an officious Border Guard and my wife had her bag of crisps promptly confiscated - as did a kid behind with a half-eaten bag of popcorn. When I asked why people were being allowed in with their coffee I was told: &quot;Coffee is OK but no food.&quot; &quot;So not even a Danish bought in the Hotel to accompany my Starubucks?&quot; I queried - only to be told that pastries were on the forbidden list! Safely past the sentries I went for some towels: &quot;Only two per guest&quot;! the girl barked when I took four. &quot;But I need 2 for my wife as well&quot; I protested and was sulkily supplied with another pair. But before we had time to settle on our longers the most ear-splitting noise (it could not be described as music) blasted our eardrums. Don't get me wrong I like music (Will Smith's my hero) but this was not the usual Monte soft rock -it was Gangsta Rap at full blast and went on mercilessly all morning. People were complaining all around the pool and one couple went into Reception to lodge their objections, then more people joined the queue. All to no avail. On the second morning (after our food search) &quot;Yo Momma! Yo momma!&quot; was belting out again -it was relentless - and more people complained but we were told that &quot;The music is streamed down from a satellite so we can't change it.&quot; (Yes you heard that correctly). I don't know if the Manager is a friend of Snoop Doggy Dog but despite the daily protests of his paying guests he refused to either play something which might be appreciated by the majority of his paying guests - or lower the volume. When I complained at Reception I was advised &quot;When you get home fill in a form on the Website.&quot; Brilliant. Instead I wrote a very a strong letter on Monte notepaper and handed it in - as we checked out in disgust! What contempt for their guests - no wonder the place is in terminal decline. Even Lance Burton went AWOL - his Theatre closed until further notice -he was apparently 'off sick' (why am I not surprised). Shopping in The Street of Dreams consisted of one lonely shop (the others were closed) and the hotel Hypermarket had disappeared to make space for the new Mexican-themed Diablo Cantina which was lively, fun, busy and totally out of character with the Hotel's 'classy' French Rivera theme. When we ventured outside the Hotel we constantly had pimps thrusting 'girls for hire' cards at us. I later counted thirteen (yes thirteen) pimps in a line so that holidaymakers had to run a gamut of sleaze before escaping to yet another line of pushers a few yards up the Strip. I cannot stress enough our disgust with the management of the Monte Carlo (and I repeat we've been regular guests for nearly thirteen years) and we certainly will neither be returning, nor recommending this pit to any more friends. We checked out and went to the Treasure Island Hotel after spotting a great offer on the Expedia website (one free night in five). See report on Treasure Island which we would highly recommend to those who don't want to spend their vacation with bleeding eardrums and pastry-less coffee.	
Jun 25 2009 	good value for money	Based on some of the reviews of this hotel, I was not looking forward to my say here but the building work round the pool was finished and it is a nice pleasent hotel. Room a bit disapointing and smelled of smoke and bath did not drain very well. If you want to laze by the pool get there early. I was vey shocked at how many people go to the pool at 9 am then leave their towels until much later in the day. This made getting a space very difficult and reminded me of Spain (also not a good place to be with a hangver as very load music played from opening to closing). Found staff to be helpful and friendly. The Brand steak house was amazing, if a bit pricey. Diablos was great, drinks, cocktails and food with brillant open view of strip. For the amount of money we paid for this trip it was great and whilst I would prefer to stay at another hotel on my next visit, I would not rule out staying here again.	
Jun 24 2009 	bathroom with no stopper	Upon our arrival on June 15 at 8:30 am, my daughter and I checked to see if rooms were available. We were told to check back and at about 2 pm, we did. My daughter had a room, but I didn't. Checking further the clerk found a room on another floor. When I arrived in the room, I immediately went to the bathroom to start my bath and discovered there was no stopper to hold the water in. I called from 2:10 to 3 pm, and finally I went down to talk to someone personally. I was told by a person at the front desk where Angela was the supervisor that none of the tubs have stoppers. At the moment she said that, my daughter stepped up and she had one in hers. I felt that it was a insult for her to say that no tubs had stoppers. I suggested that I could go to CVS and buy one and they could reimburse me. When I travel, baths are very important to me, and after arriving so early, I was ready to relax. Also, the stopper they put in allowed the water to seep out, so whenever I took a bath, the water would not stay at the level.I was in room 13-325, so if you're given that room, refuse it.	
Jun 22 2009 	Completely average and don't expect to grab a spot by the pool	I found this hotel and this destination overrated and found it all average at best. The big drawback to me was the pool area of this hotel. You cannot possible relax when you are situation by the tram passing overhead which is where you will be unless you get to the pool early in the morning. The hotel in general was overcrowded. Liked the brewery though.	
Jun 18 2009 	A great Vegas experience	I have stayed here before during the early construction of City Center and now that the pounding is done, this is a great place again.It is nice with children that you can check in, go to your room and all of that without stepping into the casino. Not many places there can boast that, but it is appreciated.The hotel is a higher end casino and the rooms are appropriate. They are a standard room, in this case with two beds, but have are nicely decorated and appointed.The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was also adequate. For the price I paid it was truly an exceptional deal. The wave pool and lazy river kept the kids busy while I was able to get some work done. We did not eat at the hotel, so cannot comment on the food, but it was a place I would not hesitate to stay in again.The only negative is the parking. With the main parking garage being taken with construction workers, it was challenging finding adequate parking.	
Jun 18 2009 	False Advertising	The Monte Carlo is offering a Summer Vegas promotion that includes 2 for 1 Lance Burton tickets. The problem - the show has been canceled through July 7th, yet they are still selling the promotion for the cancelled dates and not offering any type of compensation to those already booked on the promotion. I think ,at the very least, a rain check on the two for one tickets should be offered. A reservations clerk tells me not and points out that we also have the option of 2 for 1 Zumanity tickets. We don't want Zumanity tickets and would not have booked the promotion if not for Lance Burton. I am very disappointed with the hotel's lack of customer service ethic.	
Jun 17 2009 	Good value for the money but some shortcomings	The location is pretty good, but the pool was noisy and crowded, the casino was smoky, and the windows really filthy. The guy at the front desk told me that there were problems with the window washing equipment since last year's fire. Guess they thought no one would care about the thick layer of dirt caked on the windows.Very expensive poolside drinks too.	
Jun 17 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	Since we visit Vegas once a year we have visited several hotels in the area. This was the first for Monte Carlo. It is centrally located. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Very clean and very well ventilated. I am not a smoker and sometimes the older casinos reek of old cigarette smoke. The Monte Carlo smelled very fresh. We stayed on an entirely non-smoking floor, very nice. Pools were great, very crowded on the weekend though so get a spot early. Great nachos at the pool pub. Pools for adults and kids. The spa was one of the nicer spas in the area. Smaller but still had all of the amenities I love. The hotel was spacious but not overly large like some hotels &amp; casinos, where it takes you half an hour just to get to your room after walking in the front door. The only thing I would have changed was to get a room strip side as opposed to pool side, music starts at 9am and due to some late nights I wasn't quite ready to get up that early. Otherwise the room was nice and quiet, I didn't hear the neighbors as I have in other hotels (Bally's, Luxor, etc). I would defintely recommend and stay again. Some colleagues even checked out of their hotel and checked into the Monte Carlo since theirs was sooo bad.	
Jun 17 2009 	Loved it!	We only stayed one night but we intend returning and staying longer. The room was spacious, very clean and everything worked. The check in was quick and easy and the staff very helpful. We did the 2 for 1 Martini's and let the bartender whip up his own favorites. The Hotel is well placed in the Strip with lots of great places to visit closeby. Parking is a problem as there are only a limited number of spaces, in the end we twigged that Valet was the answer as it's free apart from the gratuities.	
Jun 15 2009 	Stolen by housekeeping	I spent a week in Monte Carlo Hotel. When I went to the airport I forgot a bag in my room. I came back 40 minutes later and the housekping went inside my room, took away my value things and left the bag only with some magazines. The room was already dirty, she went there just to look for &quot;forgetable things&quot; and she found. The security found my nike sunglass in her car, but not the rest of things. The Monte Carlo is not a safety ple to stay!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent Conference Facilities	I have attended a business conference at the Monte Carlo for the past four years. My wife comes along and we always stay at the hotel. She and I were both pleased with the Monaco Suite and the service we received as hotel guests. Equally impressive was the conference facilities and business center. All my business needs were met while attending the three day conference. The hotel was well prepared and nothing was overlooked for the convenience of the conference attendees. The Monte Carlo facilities continue to be the most impressive I have ever encountered.	
Jun 14 2009 	Loud rock music everywhere 	We were awakened at 6 AM with construction noise. I realized that City Center was being built next door and asked for a higher floor room - we got the 29th Floor - great? No! They are renovating the 30th floor - lots of hammering. Ask for 23rd or 24th Floor to be away from most of the noise - we moved to 24th Fl. The casino played very loud hard rock music. We couldn't stay at the pool - the music was unbearable. We're both in our early 60's.We got great show tickets next door by MGM Grand &quot;Tix 4 tonight&quot;. The Jersey Boys was fabulous and we also enjoyed Louie Anderson. We drove to Mt. Charleston for breakfast at Mt. Charlestown Resort - beautiful ski area only 30 min from Las Vegas. We mistakingly ate at Andres at Mote Carlo Hotel. $45-$63 entrees. Dinner cost over $200 for both of us and the food was just okay. Had a great five days in Vegas but would not stay again at Monte Carlo because of the loud music. Also unexpected $20/per day charge for use of their Fitness Ctr.	
Jun 14 2009 	Another Great Stay	Each year in June my husband attends a conference at the Monte Carlo. I come along to relax and have some quiet time and we stay at the hotel because it is convenient. We usually get a King room on a high floor and ask for the side away from the City Center construction. This year we decided to get a Monaco suite and really stretch out. We were on the pool side, which is also on the construction side, but the only noise we heard was the blasting music that shook our windows coming from the pool during the day. At night, we didn’t hear any sound from the construction and not a sound was heard during the early morning hours. We booked well in advance so the price was very reasonable.I love staying at the Monte Carlo because the hotel and casino are quiet and not crowded during the week. That also keeps the smoke at a minimum so It’s easy to escape to fresh air and still play the machines or find a table where no one is smoking. We stay Wednesday through Saturday morning and the service is excellent, our room is cleaned whenever we ask so as not to disturb us and there are several choices for dining right inside the hotel. It is within walking distance to the other hotels and we usually walk to the Bellagio to watch the water show and stop in the other casinos on the way back.It still amazes me that people bring their kids because the “card snappers” still try to shove porno cards in your hand as you walk along the streets during the evening and most of the shows are for adults, but the Monte Carlo seems to be the mildest with few exposed body parts displayed around the hotel. Their pool is one of the best with a wave area, reversing current area and a floating river area that seems to be very popular with families. There are other hotels that are less expensive and some with a lot more glitz but the Monte Carlo will stay our number one choice as long as the conference continues to be held in Las Vegas.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good location would stay again	My husband and I just came back from our 5 night stay at the Monte Carlo (6/5-6/10/09). We almost didn't book this hotel because I was a bit concerned after reading some of the reviews about the noise level from the construction going on next door and the loud music at the pool. We were on the 12th floor, south side, and we had a view of the strip and although we could see the construction we couldn't hear it at all. As far as the pool was concerned, it was loud (on a Monday afternoon no less) but we didn't spend much time there. It was great being so close to ny, ny &amp; mgm and having the cvs next door for essentials. One of the big complaints that we had was the buffet- the food was good but we found that it really wasn't hot even after they had just put it out. We ended up eating food from the pasta station for dinner and omelette station for breakfast to get hot food. The room was a standard room with a king bed and the sheets and bedding was all clean although a bit ratty and really needs replacement soon. Also, please be aware that 2 of the restaurants in the hotel are closed for renovation right now and Lance Burton is not doing shows &quot;until further notice&quot; so we ended up leaving the hotel for our food/entertainment. Fortunately, we got a great deal on the hotel but I wouldn't spend more and may stay somewhere else next time for the same price.	
Jun 11 2009 	Wonderful Experience 	My husband and I booked five days in a spa suite at the Monte Carlo in May of 2009 for my 30th birthday. The lobby was breathtaking and smelled of roses, and check in was very quick! Our suite was on the 28th, floor, and was beyond anything we had imagined! The floor was quiet, and the room far exceeded our expectations! The bed was VERY comfortable, the spa tube was HUGE, the bathroom was very nice, and the room itself was VERY large. The suite was also very clean, and we had a nightly turn-down service that left chocolates on the bed. We had a FANTASTIC stay in this room, and, as far as we're concerned, the value just cannot be beaten! The hotel has a good location...right across the street from the NYNY (which is our favorite casino) and the MGM grand. I would stay in this hotel again in a HEARTBEAT...and have already recommended it to all of our friends!	
Jun 11 2009 	Rooms are great	I stayed in Monte Carlo for 2 nights.The room was wonderful and confortable.Best part is that the casino is in the same hotel so we dont have go out of the hotel for gambing.Only problem was that there were hardly any options in food for vegetarians.I would recommend anyone visiting Las Vegas to stay at Monte Carlo.	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice hotel and casino	Stayed 3 nights, hotel is in a great location across from mgm grand, good service and friendly casino and poker room. Only drawback is the construction next door that has almost wiped-out the pool area. My room was high enough that I was not bothered by the construction but the person I was traveling with was in a lower floor and was awaken early every morning buy the noise.	
Jun 8 2009 	I dug it	Monte Carlo is located on the Las Vegas Strip, just within walking distance to where all the action is. Regular double hotel room is relatively solid, if unassuming and fits the mold of a very traditional hotel. Clean, moderate space is good for travel and Monte Carlo really is the place to just sleep and do nothing more since you're in Vegas. Hotel offers friendly valet parking and the lobby itself is a gorgeous sight to see. Our room view was kind of ugly, given that there was a lot of construction occurring at the time and we were in the back of the hotel. Casino functions like a lot of other casinos would with all your available gambling and restaurants. Place is conveniently located next to a 24 hr. CVS so you can get all your needed foods or toiletries but also on the Strip so you're not far from the action.	
Jun 7 2009 	We'll be back...	We just spent 3 comped nights at Monte Carlo. We tend to stay at whichever hotel offers us the most and this time it was Treasure Island (2 free nights) and Monte Carlo. We've always enjoyed eating at the MC buffet and gambling in their casino, so wanted to try their rooms.Initially, after spending 2 nights at TI, the room at MC was a little bit of a letdown. TI has fluffy beds and a flat screen TV. The room at MC felt like I was staying in my grandma's guest room - a little dated and overly ornate. However, after spending some time in there, I also realized that the room was very clean, the bathroom very nice and it really was just a matter of a difference in taste.A plus with this casino is that the elevators are speedy (elevators are segregated by floors, so our bank of 6 elevators only serviced floors 23-32). Another plus is the food court for a quick snack. And the Starbucks is the most efficiently run Starbucks I've ever been to! The line might look intimidating, but the speed at which they get you through is amazing!I had asked for a room with a view and the front desk person accommodated - but I realized that due to City Center and the configuration of the hotel, that there really ISN'T a room with a view anymore. We had a room that faced the strip - but was angled so that mostly we saw the roof of one of the City Center buildings, complete with Porta Potties for the workers. However, we don't go to Vegas to look out our room window, so it wasn't an issue.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at MC. Their buffet is always one of our favorites because the food is good and the seating is comfortable and cozy. And we brought home some of the money we took, so the casino was friendly to us!	
Jun 6 2009 	Overall an average hotel.	We stayed at the Monte Carlo recently because of a free room offer. I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was pretty nice for an older casino on the strip. We had a spa suite and. although everything was a bit old and dated, it was clean with a nice whirlpool tub. The hotel pool was very nice, better than the larger casinos that we usually visit. We had a cabana, which was luxurious and relaxing. The spa was nothing special, however, so I went to Mandalay Bay for my usual spa day. I wasn't overly impressed with the restaurant staff, they were not attentive at all. The hotel staff was great, on the other hand. My only real complaint was that it was extremely noisy early in the morning due to construction on some new condos next door.	
Jun 5 2009	Monte Carlo Hotel	The Monte Carlo is a good hotel value. The adjoining property construction was not a problem if you are staying on the southern end of the property. All the staff were helpful and courteous.	
Jun 5 2009 	Almost Less Than Average Hotel	A friend and I stayed at the Monte Carlo for four nights. I had read the reviews and they all seemed to have given the hotel an average review. I rate it average also, I suppose. The one thing that bothered me the most about this hotel was our room. It looked as if it hadn't been updated since it'd been built. It was not clean. There was hair all over the carpet. I don't think it had been vacuumed for a long time. The towels pilled pretty badly. I had to pick the individual pills off after I dried myself. The bed linens were in pretty bad shape. My blanket had cigarette burns on it. I hate to think what else was on the sheets. Yuck! The mattress was the worst I have ever slept on. My back was killing me the whole time I was there. I've slept in sleeping bags on a cot that were more comfortable.I had read the reviews about the pool area...about the loud music. It was very annoying. I could not understand the reasoning behind it. There were no college kids bumping and grinding to the music. Especially since the pool closed in the early evening. I had to turn my iPod on high to drown out the annoying pop/hip hop crap. However, the pool itself was nice. I really enjoyed the lazy river pool. There wasn't an excess amount of chlorine in the pools so my skin and eyes did not suffer.We tried the morning buffet. The food was average but it was the process of getting the table that was a pain. We were the only two people waiting to be seated at the time but it was this huge ordeal. The hostesses had walkie talkies, we could see the food/kitchen just a short ways down a hall but we could only walk a few paces where we were stopped then ushered a few paces further, then stopped and finally shown to our seats. We were the only ones in line! It was ridiculous! On other thing is the coffee. I don't think I've been to a place that doesn't have actual half and half cream for coffee. They had this imitation stuff. When I asked for the real thing they gave me a glass of milk. Weird! We found a nice place across the street with better food and prices and avoided the buffet after that experience.I know it seems like I'm giving the Monte Carlo a bad rap but it was only a place to lay our heads. I'm not a gambler so I don't know how the gambling is there. But the employees were very helpful. The lobby is very beautiful. I think they spent most of the maintenance money on the outward appearance of the hotel and the lobby, completely ignoring the rooms. The location is great. Right on the strip so we were able to walk to other hotels and sites. There is a bus also that goes up and down the strip that stops almost in front of the hotel. Would I go to the Monte Carlo again? Nope.	
Jun 2 2009 	Comfortable and pleasant stay	We ended up here by mistake but boy we really enjoyed our stay, clean rooms and friendly staff. The buffet is not 24 hours so we tried a restaurant right beside the buffet area and I have one word... AWESOME !! the staff is mostly spanish speaking, they are so funny and friendly ! we had a blast there, the food was awesome and the casino was very clean. Believe it or not I felt that the slot machines were looser than some other csinos I went to, but you know, luck is luck =)The pool was a hot spot, hot girls and cool guys, but seriously it was beautiful there, we spent almost 2 hours in the morning.I would love to stay again !	
Jun 2 2009 	Your possessions will not be returned	May 2009. If you decide to stay at Monte Carlo please, please, please make sure you do not leave anything in your room. I am 53 years old; I work for the court system and I value myself as an honest person. I have no intention of ripping-off this establishment for a measly $100.00 worth of possessions. I contacted the Monte Carlo the day after I checked out to request the return of a bathing suit (hanging on a towel rack in the bathroom) and sweatshirt (hanging in the closet). After several days of leaving messages and speaking with their Security Department, I received a letter from Denise Chilipka-Oltay, Claim Rep for Monte Carlo who stated the Monte Carlo is “not responsible for reported missing items, are unable to compensate the loss, and hope this incident will not deter my visiting Monte Carlo again.” I again say please……if this hotel does not hire honest maids, how safe is your property in your room? I will NEVER stay there again and I will tell EVERYONE else the same thing.	
Jun 2 2009 	Good Hotel	A good hotel centrally located on the strip. All the facilities you would want in a good location withing walking distance of most other hotels and shows .	
Jun 2 2009	Amazing Experience	It was our first trip to the USA. We were spellbound with our experience. Las Vegas was great. Monte Carlo is a huge resort with a great casino. The rooms were very clean and hygienic. The casino was huge. We were given a lot of freebies on check in.Overall a great experience	
Jun 1 2009 	Nice place to stay and good price	I just stayed at the Monte Carlo with 3 girlfriends for a long weekend in Las Vegas. It was a really nice hotel. The staff was great. The Cafe restaurant is open 24 hours a day and the food was good(slightly overpriced as is everything in Las Vegas). The buffet was really good and it was relatively cheap. The Brew Pub also served the best buffalo wings. The casino wasn't overcrowed and the shopps were good. The pool while crowded was really clean and nice.The worst part was that our floor had several young drunk boys and loud girls, so I would probably move to a hotel that would be more out of their reach monetarily! Like the Bellagio or the Venetian. I think they had 6 to 8 people in each of their rooms. It was loud. ( I never called security because they were awful just annoying).I also had a spa treatment (Swedish Massage by Jose) and it was awesome. He was really great. Overall the hotel is clean, the staff is friendly and the surroundings were very good and I would return again.	
Jun 1 2009 	A hotel in Vegas that meets the sweet spot	I've stayed at both some of the lower priced hotels in and around Vegas and also some of the extravagant higher priced hotels, and the Monte Carlo falls right in the middle in terms of both price and comfort. Its perhaps the best of the middle tier hotels that arguably include: Treasure Island, Hotel Paris, MGM Grand and New York NY. For the past 7 years I've come here to attend March Madness festivities the rooms have been very clean, the beds very comfortable, and the hospitality staff is at your beck and call all through out the day (and night). I do agree with MJP2617 who complained about the pillows, but I usually remedy this by ordering more of them and I make it work. The pool is also very nice. They have a wave pool and a river type pool which wraps around a huge area for laying out and tanning. They have a great sports type bar on the ground floor located right next to the pool called the Monte Carlo Brew Pub. This pub features a huge television and several smaller ones spaced evenly through out the bar. This is a great place to hang out during NCAA March Madness as fans from almost every team in the tournament can be found rooting for their alma maters. Its a really fun atmosphere and the food is great. They also have the Brand Steakhouse which features a bar area plus couches placed right behind nice lcd tv's. Its almost like watching your favorite sporting event at home, but while eating a steak that you'd be hard pressed to match yourself. At night they have the Diablo Bar which we usually use as a pre-party destination but could easily be utilized as your main destination if you don't want to move around. For the money I'd highly recommend staying at the Monte Carlo if you don't want to spend the money at an upper tier hotel but don't want to take the chance of staying at a dump either.	
May 29 2009 	Monte Carlo is a great hotel for your money!	We loved our stay at Monte Carlo. The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly, the buffet was surprisingly good. The only negative thing was we ended up with the suite next to the elevator, but didnt make too much noise. Bring your own pillows, the pillows the hotel provide were very uncomfortable for us. Hopefully whatever other hotel we stay next time in las vegas is as great as monte carlo was.	
May 28 2009	Nice Hotel Great Value	My mother and I stayed at the Monte Carlo over Memorial Day weekend and had a great time! They allowed us to check in early (around 11am) and even gave us a strip view room because it was my mother's 60th birthday. The room was quite nice and clean. I wouldn't rate the room above average (maybe on par w/ a Hilton Garden Inn), but it was fine. The location of the hotel was perfect. Situated in between the Bellagio and the New York, New York and across from the MGM- it's perfect. As has been mentioned before, there is a whole bunch of construction going on, but it didn't bother us much at all. The pool area was very crowded (could be beacause it was Memorial Day Weekend) and the chairs are REALLY close together (ie: touching), but the lazy river and wave pool were awesome. I read in an earlier review to bring your own inner tube for the lazy river, so I did, and instead of each spending $12/day or whatever to rent them, I spent $3.99 each @ KMart before I left and just tossed them when we were done. Totally the way to go! We ate at the Cafe (great service, decent food), the buffet (decent) and the Brew Pub (Great service, great food). In short, a great value!	
May 27 2009 	On the strip without the pompous attitude.	We were looking for a quick getaway over the memorial day weekend, and took a chance on the monte carlo. Very excited we did, a relaxing place. Clean rooms ( Allowed to check in at 9am), casino floor was easy 2 navigate, earned 3 free buffets which were above average. lIked the pool atmosphere( no drinking water, was a little loud but didnt ruin it 4 me.) Overall the best value we have found on the strip, Classy but not over the top.	
May 27 2009 	Best deal in town for the money	We recently stayed at the Monte Carlo while we were in Vegas for my son's college graduation. We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and it was $55 for Tuesday, $49 for Wednesday and $55 for Thursday. In additon, we received a &quot;summer party&quot; pack of coupons that were good for 2 for 1 at the buffet, spa, New York roller caoster, plus several other discounts. Great spa with wonderful equipment. While we were standing in line to check in ( at 10:30am) several groups jumped ahead of us to the open window and the manager came over to apologize and gave us a $50 comp meal in the cafe. The lower floor room that we had booked was not available at that time and so we were also upgraded to a higher floor room that was ready. Great customer service!! The meal was very good. The rooms were clean although a bit worn (peeling wall paper and a stain on the ceiling). We had stayed the previous 2 nights in a fountain view room at the Bellagio so it was hard to compare the quality of the room. Pool was very crowded but still very nice. Overall, this was a great deal--nice hotel and great location!	
May 25 2009 	Ear-splitting mind-numbing hard rock "music" all day at the pool	Although this hotel was top-notch in terms of cleanliness, service, etc., our experience was totally ruined by the horrible , high-volume, head-banging music at the pool all day. There was no corner without speakers, and even though we wore earplugs, the volume was so nerve-wracking that we wound up with headaches after a short time. Repeated requests to lower the volume were ignored or explained away (&quot;Las Vegas is returning to its sin-city reputation&quot;). Part of the reason we came to Las Vegas was to experience wramth by a swimming pool, but we wound up in our room to escape the &quot;music.&quot; Other patrons requested that the volume be reduced as well and, like us, were ignored. If you're looking for relaxation, avoid the Monte Carlo!	
May 24 2009 	We stay there every year great location but pool is overcrowded	We have been staying at Monte Carlo for the last 5-6 years, primarily for its price and location. It's usually one of the least expensive choices when we buy in a package deal (airfare from NYC + hotel). We like the location because there is a drugstore (I think CVS or Walgreens) right next door. We don't rent a car so it's very convenient for us to get snacks or bottled waters at the drugstore. At the hotel, they usually double or triple the price so it does save us money overall. You can walk to other hotels or take the bus. The hotel rooms are standard size and pretty nice and clean. The AC can be easily controlled. The bathroom is standard Vegas style - nice, clean, modern. There is cleaning service everyday like all other Vegas hotels. Most of the time we stayed there, the staff was accommodating and very nice. For instance, our power went out due to construction going on in the section of the hotel we were staying at for a few hours. My husband's medication (which has to be refrigerated) was affected. The staff was really nice and comped us. However, there have been a couple incidences where the staff was not accommodating and gave us grief but after talking to the managers, everything was smoothed out.The casino is pretty standard - slots and tables, as well as sports center where you can bet and watch your teams! Our fave game is blackjack and we have experienced good luck overall at this hotel. Another big plus is that they have one of the best fitness centers/gym in Vegas. Yes, we are &quot;those&quot; people who actually work out during our vacation!!! If you are too, this is your place! There is a charge - but I think you can get a 3-day deal for about $45. It's big and they have everything from cardio equipment to weight machines to free weights (heavy weights). One year, we were staying there during a Vegas event for body builders. We met a few contestants in the Monte Carlo gym. The only reason they were staying there was because Monte Carlo gym is known to have the best gym equipment. There are a few restaurants at this hotel but I don't think any of them are too memorable. They were overall pretty average (not horrible at all, just nothing special). Their buffet is standard and very average. I prefer the buffet at the Bellagio or Rio's Seafood Buffet. They do have a Starbucks at least! My husband and I usually love relaxing by the pool or going swimming... their pool area is very sunny...however, the Monte Carlo pool is overcrowded. They have three pools but they are all super crowded. The river pool is very shallow and not wide enough. If there are slow people in front of you, it's hard to pass them. You can sit in the other pools but you can't really go swimming because there are too many people. Every year, it seemed like it was getting more and more crowded. (However, I'm not sure if it'll still be crowded this year in 2009 since the economy is down). To summarize, here are the pros and cons:Pros:- Great location, next to drugstore- Starbucks- Best gym on the strip- Hotel rooms are nice and clean- Staff is usually accommodatingCons:- Pool is overcrowded- Nothing special about the restaurants	
May 23 2009 	Clean hotel good location loud pool	The pool area is nice with just enough shade, but as other reviewers have mentioned, the music is SO loud! It would be great is they saved that party atmosphere for the Fri/Sat/Sun crowd. Great casino floor, great location and GREAT smell when you walk int the door!	
May 22 2009 	Monte Carlo proved really good value	My boyfriend and I had been to Vegas less than 9 months before our recent visit and we didn't remember even seeing the Monte Carlo - despite the fact we previously stayed in the MGM Grand practically opposite! We went back to Vegas for a wedding and, because we'd been before, we knew most of the hotels on the Strip are much of a muchness. We ended up picking the Monte Carlo because we found a great offer whereby we got about 20% off the room for booking a few months in advance. We spent about £200 in total for 5 nights and, once in the rooms, they were very similar to the MGM, not surprising as it's owned by the same group. As such, if the same deal ever came up again I'd jump at it. The casino is pretty big, and usually quite quiet, the buffet was good and the room was clean, spacious and comfortable.The only issue is that there's building works very close to the building (true of lots of hotels on the Strip at the moment). After the first night we requested to change rooms which was done within 5 minutes, no hassles and really, really pleasant staff. It's not the most obvious choice on the Strip but the Monte Carlo really did deliver for us, and at such a competitive rate I would go back again	
May 21 2009 	Nice hotel pool has very very noisy music	The hotel was good enough &amp; the food was great value as we were given 2 for 1 buffet meal tickets, the pool area was nice BUT VERY VERY NOISY RAP MUSIC which was not there when we stayed 2 years ago &amp; it plays from 9 to 6.I complained at reception they don't like it either as they can hear it to &amp; they said the management are catering for the younger generation at the pool---great pity as w will not stay there again because of this.	
May 21 2009 	Decent clean accomodations but could use some updating	Check-in: Pleasantly greeted by Adrian and told our room would be ready in 45 minutes. It was only 10:00 a.m. when we checked in, which was great. We also were given a room away from the City Center construction, at our request. Room: Clean and average. Could use some updating, e.g, new bed spreads, furniture looked a little worn, but all-in-all, it was fine for our brief stay, and the price ($100 per night.) Food: Ate twice in the Cafe. Food was good but service was S-L-O-W. Ate at the buffet once and it was tasty -- lots of options. Upon check-in we got a $25 coupon off dinner at Andre's - the French restaurant onsite -- but we never used it. We enjoyed Happy Hour (3pm-6pm) and snacks at El Diablo. Fun, happening place that opens right on the strip.Casino: We're not big gamblers, but did play a few tables and slots. Never very crowded. Liked that they had $5 tables. Pool: Fair. Much of the area is overshadowed by the construction of City Center which butts up against the north end of the pool area near the wave pool. It even caused part of the lazy river to be closed. The music was WAY TOO LOUD. Also, I would have preferred a designated smoking area as there were people all about smoking which became bothersome. Much of the south area of the pool is shaded until at least noon, so at 9:00 a.m. people rush to the sunshine areas. Location: Next to NY, NY and across from the MGM, so there is plenty to see and do. I like that the main entrance is not facing the strip, and it was never crazy-crowded. I had no problem getting a taxi. Overall, this property definitely could use a spruce-up as it looks a little dated. But for a short stay, it was acceptable. When I'm in Vegas, I spend most of my time out of the room anyway, so it met my needs just fine.	
May 21 2009 	LOUD OBNOXIOUS DJ MUSIC 6 HOURS A DAY - TAKE YOUR EARPLUGS!!	This hotel is clean and classy on the inside but the pool area is another story. Once you step outside to the pool your ears are assaulted with the loud, pounding, beat of DJ music reverberating off the cement surfaces in every direction. There is no way to escape the noise and just relax by the pool. If you are between the ages of 16 (I swear many of the partiers were this age) and 29 and are looking for a drunk, pickup party....this is the place for you. If you are anybody else - forget it! There is no quiet area and the so-called music (which starts at noon) doesn't stop until the pool closes at 6:00 on the dot every day. We were told that the DJ is only there on Friday and Saturday which is a lie because we arrived on Thursday and the party was going strong!!It is too bad that this lovely hotel has decided to go this route. Yes, Vegas is Sin City, and yes, people go here to have a good time but not everyone is looking for Animal House. Many other hotels have &quot;adult&quot; pools separate from the regular pool so guests have a choice of where they want to be. At the Monte Carlo, there is no choice! The staff could have cared less about our complaints athough they did admit that lots of guests had complained about the noise. Hmmm, makes you wonder what the Monte Carlo marketing team is thinking. I will never return to this hotel and would tell anyone thinking of going to Vegas to avoid it. Definitely don't take kids anywhere near this place!!	
May 20 2009 	Not memorable	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this one did not stand out in my mind at all.The room was just okay, the pool looked like a lot of concrete, the chandeliers in the casino were nice, the parking garage was being worked on, so parking was a major pain.Bottom line, there's nothing wrong with this place, but there's no reason to stay here, either.	
May 20 2009 	Just as we remembered!!	Stayed here about 10 years ago and the atmosphere hasn't changed. Friendly staff, great service, comfy beds, good selection of food choices, and an awesome pool area! This hotel is on one of the busiest corners on the Strip but not overcrowded like some others. A relaxing &quot;home&quot; to come back to after a long day in Vegas!	
May 18 2009 	Staff was wonderful!	We stayed at the Monte Carlo the last week of April. The hotel staff couldn't have been nicer and we had a few perks while staying there including some free casino play, buy one get one free meal, etc. The rooms were okay ...nothing special but clean. We would have liked to have a refrigerator and a coffee maker but they were not in the room. All things considered, the location was great and we really enjoyed ourselves!	
May 18 2009 	Just okay	My husband and I just got back from a few days in Vegas. The stay was ordinary and nothing special about the Monte Carlo. The had a few small pools, only one was heated. The others were a small wave pool and a small lazy river. The hotel does not provide rafts for the lazy river complimentary, instead you can rent one for $14 or buy one. I suggest purchasing one before you come and just putting in suit case and blowing it up here. The pool also doesn't open until 9am - there is always a line waiting to get in and closes at 6pm, WAY TOO EARLY! The music is good at the pool and there are some waitresses delivering drinks that are around $9 each for the frozen ones. The casino was pretty slow and small compared to the other hotels. There were only two shops a $10 for everything and a sunglass shop. The others were hotel gift shops, no boutiques like the other hotels. The buffet was great for breakfast and Diablo's Cantina is attached to the hotel on the Strip. They had a great Happy Hour that started at 3pm with $3.00 drinks. The drinks change every half hour. They do not provide complimentary drinks and salsa even though it is a Mexican restaurant. You have to pay $4.00 and it isn't endless chips and salsa either. To me guest would stay and drink a lot longer if they had chips to munch on. The rooms were clean, even though the housekeeper missed a shooter from a drink under the table in the room. But they did a great job cleaning everyday. The hotel is older and could use a room renovation but it was comfortable. The only thing I could complain about was the walls are super thin. I could hear my neighbor cough, sneeze and hear the TV like it was in my room. So if you are a light sleeper I don't suggest this hotel.	
May 17 2009 	Stay somewhere else!	There are too many better hotels and better deals than the Monte Carlo this year. We go to Las Vegas for a week once a year and try 2-3 nights at different hotels each trip. This time, May 10-16, we stayed at Paris, M.C. and Sam's Town. The Monte Carlo room was on the worst I have ever been seen or stayed in. It was a like cheap budget hotel room that needed updating. It was small, noisy and filthy. Someone had put gum on the night stand by the lamp. I moved the lamp and left a tip, so housekeeping would see the gum. They took the money but left the gum. The only thing worst than the room was the buffet. We could not finish one item on the breakfast buffet, not even the orange (?) juice. The buffet was comped with the room, otherwise I would have ask for my money back. In fairness, they do have a nice (but crowded) pool area and it is easy to find your way around the hotel/casino.  Bottom Line - MGM should cut their losses on the City Center and spend the money upgrading their properties.	
May 17 2009 	Why can't drunks stay home	This was the 2nd time I stayed at Monte Carlo. Very nice hotel, however, my party and I were on the 13th floor and unfortunately next to several rooms of partiers that shouted obscenities all night - drank, talked very loud - slammed doors and pretty much were very wild. I believe it was a fraternity or sorority group. I called to complain after 1 pm one night as I feel you can have a good time without waking up other guests, without shouting obscenities, etc. Our final night was awful as the same loud group came upstairs around 3am swearing and making loud noises. When we left our rooms around 4 am to catch our plane, we noticed the wall hangings on the walls were ripped down and broken on the ground. Maybe Monte Carlo needs to have better security to silence these folks that think Vegas is only about drinking and being rude.As for the rest - the buffet was very good - the Brand Steak house was good - but pricey. Nice DJ pool party - only the pool closed at 6pm - what's up with that?	
May 16 2009 	The pool is AWESOME!	We didn't stay here but we did enjoy the pool! Great scene! I will stay here the next time we are in Vegas!	
May 15 2009	Monte Carlo made it right!!	I haven't been to Vegas in almost 20 years. Wow has it changed!!! As a familly, we have had a very difficult past few months with the death of my Dad and other issues, and it was my birthday. My eldest son who flys with West Jet decided to take me on a bit of a jaunt to regroup and heal my soul. I researched and planned for two months before going. I originally planned to stay at the LUXOR but with all of the negative reviews here, decided to go with the Monte Carlo plus we hade a room rate promotion. We new it was an older property, so we were not expecting the Bellagio. After a very trying day of long flights and airport confusion, we arrived and were tired, in need of a coffee and a sit down. The check in was smooth, but when we arrived to our room it was not satisfactory. When we called down to the desk we were swiftly given another room, we trudged down with our luggage to get our new key, went to the second room and found that it was not cleaned very well. We called down again and the front desk manager ( Leroy?) was very apologetic. He had another room for us, but asked us to stay where we were until he had the housekeeping supervisor check it out and would get back to us in a few minutes. We stayed in that room and waited for about half an hour. When Leroy called back, he indicated that the supervisor had checked that room plus two others on that floor and they all had presented with &quot;issues&quot;. Again apologising, he upgraded us to a Diamond Suite, he had the bell man come up with a key and to move our luggage. When we entered the Diamond suite it was fantastic!! We had a marble counter with chairs, a fridge, living room with pullout queen, dining area, a seperate bedroom with a king size, &quot;to die for&quot; pillow top bed and a huge bathroom with a huge jacuzzi tub. Oh My!! Given our low expectations, a very trying day and the events of the past few months, this was just such a terrific act of courtesy on behalf of the hotel and management. This room can be seen online but you cant get a price for it. Normally, I could not afford to book a room of this calibre so it was a definate treat of luxory. The regular rooms are nothing too spectacular, but if cleaned, and they upgraded the linens especially the bedspreads and maintained the rooms properly, they would be sufficiant for those on a budget. As they are, I think the quality is a little on the shallow side, but for the promo rate of $52/night they would be fine. The regular rate is alot higher. The wave pool was nice, but the lazy river was amazing. Our upgraded room (26002) overlooked the pool area and faced the construction which was not a problem for noise at all, (we come from a city so are used to some noise). The restaurants were Ok, some confusion regarding the Brand kitchen hours so we missed out on a nice meal. But the location was good, and if you can walk, you can get to lots of the other venues in short order to site see. We rented a car from dollar which is right in the lobby, thier staff need to get better training as she had us run all over las vegas to get to a wallmart when there was one just by the airport. The car itself needed maintenance and the upgrade although nice also needed maintenance as the air conditioner didn't work well, pretty tough when you are in the desert.( Went to Hoover Dam and Primm both quite nice and amazing.) The casino itself was quite tight. We had great luck at the MGM and downtown at the Golden Nugget, buffets are priced alot higher than they use to be but come on its been twenty years since I was there!!! . Sign up for a club card and use it as the comps were really great!! The players club desk staff were very helpfull in explaining the program and offering comps. We ended up only paying for our first night. Overall, it was a really great trip but only because the Monte Carlo made it right, right from the beginning. The staff are courteous and really seemed to care that we were having our needs met. Expecially thanks to Leroy. He was terrific.	
May 15 2009 	Great Place	I just returned from the Monte Carlo and I had a wonderful time. The room was immaculate and the staff exceptional. I had a problem with the air conditioning and they corrected it within 20 minutes. This included putting a new motor in the unit! The elevators never had you waiting for more than five minutes maximum. The beds were comfortable and the linen clean and pressed. I never heard any of the construction. If you want another room, ask to be moved away from it. I made this request before I arrived and it was honored. Take advantage of the summer special and you cannot go wrong. It allows you to use both properties and the pass to the club Rok is worth it. We had a blast there. My daughter rode the roller coaster at NY NY twice. The restaurant two for one in NY NY was wonderful but bear in mind that juice was $5 and coffee $4 so you will still pay about $20 for breakfast. The two for one buffet dinner was reasonable and there was a great selection. The midnight to 6 am steak dinner was delicious. I do not know what other people are complaining about because I think this is the bargain of Las Vegas in terms of price, location, and comfort. Planning to go back again soon.	
May 15 2009 	Nice hotel building work all around pool too crowded and noisy	The hotel is in a nice position, I would have preferred being a bit further in the middle of the strip but it was ok. There is building work going on all around the hotel, and in certain places you are handed cards by Mexicans which advertise girls to go to your room. These cards are thrown on the floor making parts of the streed very untidy and tacky. They are happy giving the cards out so they should be made to sweep up the mess.The pool is a disaster, it only opens from 9 till 6 ??? make sure you start queing up from 8.15. The sunshine is best to the right of the pool bar as the other areas go quickly into the shade. They cram you in like sardines, i couldnt lay my bed down or else it would have encroached on someone elses. In the afternoon its just a posing area for all the Americans wearing their Prada, or Gucci sunglassses, because it was so hot they constantly walk about in the lazy river making a nice float round impossible. Ive never seen as much alchohol drunk around a pool. There is also a DJ in the afternoon making a nice snooze an impossibility, the music is so lound you can feel it vibrating in your chest. There is a happy hour id Diablos, they spin the wheel every half hour then whatever the arrow lands on you get for $3 till the next spin. We didnt know this at first and our 2 beers cost $16 which is expensive. Go into Dicks bar in Excalibur and they do pitchers for $14, we had a 62 oz pitcher for $19 which was great. I wouldnt stay here again unless something was done with the pool area. The rooms were ok but not as dust or crisp free as i would have liked (dont poke about round the floor areas too much)	
May 13 2009 	Disapointing	Pretty from the outside but old and outdated rooms. Bedding, towels and bathroom in desperate need of refreshing. Early morning noise from &quot;City Center&quot; construction next door.	
May 12 2009 	I am the biggest neat freak and extremely particular -LOVE it here!!!	This has been my third visit to the Monte Carlo in the last 2 years. I cannot say enough about this place...the rooms are immaculate and are very nicely decorated. The facility has everything you need and the pool is fabulous. (We visited from May 9 - May 11).I am beyond a neat freak (scared of staying in hotels for fear of bugs), but feel completely at home here. For business I always have to stay at the Venetian (which is lovely), but honestly, the Monte Carlo has the right combination of everything that I need on vacation -and the quality of the facility is great -even to satisfy a very picky person like me. We can afford to stay at a higher placed hotel, but choose to come here time after time. You'd be crazy not to check this out.The cleaning staff is outstanding -and trust worthy. I accidentally left my wedding ring and money in the hotel and it was there when I came back -it was out in the open and I am writing the hotel to compliment them on this.	
May 12 2009 	Monte Carlo - TERRIFIC !!	Travelled with a group of 20+ for my husbands 40th birthday - and we had a fabulous time ! Hotel was great, this dictated by the fact that at the end of every &quot;outing&quot; we all migrated back to OUR casino at the Monte Carlo - it was home ! Enjoyed an amazing birthday celebration dinner at the BRAND restaurant as well - pricey but wonderful. Our room was great - experienced no construction noise at all. The pool was crazy crowded - and for us one of the best days was a reserved cabana around the pool - do it, it was fantastic ! At check in time we had some confusion on the exact room we booked, but once we got our strip view room on the 23rd floor it was amazing. Vegas was great - 100+ temperatures so be prepared, and don't expect to come home winning your fortune, but it's VEGAS !!!	
May 11 2009 	Liked it very much...	Stayed 5 nights in a Monaco Suite with view of pool and City Center.A beautiful, clean, spacious, comfortable room, at a very attractive price.Great service from all the staff.Valet parking was very quick.Terrific room service.NOISE FROM CONSTRUCTION AND OTHER ROOMS WAS NOT A PROBLEM FOR US WHATSOEVER.The place was busy and seemed to be thriving.The Casino was fun and the Hotel may not like knowing we won a bit more than we put in.The location was terrific for access to the things we wanted to see in Vegas.The view of City Center was interesting, and as they finish it up, it will be an amazing view.We intend to stay there again!	
May 10 2009	Tired Around the Edge	This hotel is showing it's age but is perfectly adequate for a Vegas stay. It is right on the strip, great for going out &amp; sightseeing. The pool area is very cramped &amp; often noisy with 'fun' activities during the day. Bedroom walls are too thin , you can hear EVERYTHING going on next door! You have been warned! But the bed is comfy &amp; bathroom OK, nothing more than that, thin towels &amp; cheap products. The Monte Carlo is no where near as smart as other Las Vegas hotels but then it is not as expensive either.	
May 9 2009 	Beautiful Hotel...LOUD Hotel!	This is a beautiful hotel. However, we were not told about the MAJOR construction going on just outside of our window at all hours of the night...during the day, there was no less noise with the DJ blasting BOOM BOOM BOOM music by the pool. When we spoke to the front desk, they couldn't have cared less. They even said they get complaints about it all of the time. Also, I would like to add, that if you haven't been to Las Vegas in a few years, and you have any level of morality...don't bother. We were disgusted by the soft core porn that was EVERYWHERE! If you must go, for heaven's sake...DON'T BRING THE KIDS!!!	
May 8 2009 	Mostly good - inspect your room first	Negatives:When we first arrived, our room still had some trash in it that housekeeping missed. Worst of all, a wet, dirty washcloth was left in the tub. We promptly changed rooms. They supposedly &quot;upgraded&quot; us by putting us in a &quot;high floor&quot; room, but the view wasn't as good of the strip. However, the view to the mountains was great, so we stayed. The room had a very strong and distinct marijuana smoke smell when we first walked in. But we just dealt with it because we were ready to hit the casino. By the next day it was gone. We later discovered that the walls are PAPER thin and we not only heard the neighbors next to us very clearly, but during the day, since our room overlooked the pool, the pool music was very loud and crystal clear coming into the room. We felt the consierges could have been more knowledgable (eg: WE knew that Wynn golf was now open to the public, and they didn't) as well. The beds were a tad too firm and the bathroom is extremely small.Positives:Location, location, location - excellent location! All of the staff were very nice and did try hard to accomdate our needs and answer our questions. The rates were fantastic compared to other hotels on the strip and it's still a nice enough place where we didn't feel that we were settling (too much). Once we were moved, the room seemed very clean (except the smell, and I think the carpets could use a good shampooing). The breakfast buffet was AWESOME and totally worth the money. We didn't try lunch or dinner. The fast food court came in handy for quick cheap meals on the run. The water pressure in the shower ROCKED!All in all, we would stay there again and we had a good time.	
May 7 2009 	Excellent Excellent Excellent	After reading all the bad reviews I am telling you this I am a very picky person but the Monte Carlo is Excellent in every way. There were no surprizes for us. We had seven rooms booked for a trip to the Grand Canyon, a family of nineteen and we had teen agers a one year old and a three year old. You do not have to walk through the caniso to get to your rooms. and the pool area is great, they honored all of our request for seven non smoking rooms away from the construction sight., The linens were clean and the towels and wash cloths are of top quality. we travel a lot and I would say this is one of the best we have stayed at. Do not believe all the bad reviews. I am christian and I would not miss lead you. The Monte Carlo is a excellent choice. We were there from May 2 to May 5 and check in and out was fast. Great Hotel, give it a try and you will be on here writing a good review also. 10 stars for the Monte Carlo and the construction is almost done and the lobby was spotless we had the breakfast buffet and it is right up there with the one in Hawaii. Great choices and the food is terrific. and it was only 12.88 a person and with a lot of choices a nd we loved It. you can eat there cheaper than the mcdonalds and it is better for you health wise	
May 5 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	We stayed for three nights April 26 - 29 and were pleasantly surprised. The check in and out was a breeze as we were able to use the &quot;invited guest check in&quot; due to a comp for our room. We were in a deluxe room which room was clean, somewhat updated and had a very comfortable bed (I was surprised). The first night we stayed in a room with 2 queens, although we requested a king. However they indicated we could move to a king room the next day. The only problem with this was trying to occupy our room which finally happened around 4:00 p.m. and after my husband stood in the invited guest line for at least 45 minutes. The line only had a couple people, however they kept calling people over from the other lines. Needless to say, my husband was very frustrated! I guess we shouldn't complain as we were getting the room for free. so to speak.The bathroom was bigger than, say, New York, New York, but not as big as TI and Mandalay Bay.We loved the food court, my husband had a large breakfast at Sbarro every morning, brought my coffee and hash browns up to the room for me, and enjoyed the guacamole and chips at Rubios.Even though we don't like buffets in general, we had the lunch buffet on our last day and the price was around $30 (?) total. I enjoyed a &quot;made to order&quot; Philly Cheese Steak and thought it was something different than the usual made to order pasta etc.The casino is a bit dated (we stayed there shortly after it opened), but easy to navigate and had large aisles.We went out to the pool one day and the only complaint I have is that none of the beverage servers made it over to our area. I went to the pool bar and bought a double rum &amp; coke and Malibu &amp; diet for $33. The cups were probably 12 oz. Weather was high 70's, lower 80's. The crowds weren't bad, a sign of the times.I must say that the staff was friendly and nice compared to the staff at New York, New York when we were there in Oct 2008.We didn't eat at any of the other hotel restaurants, so I cannot comment there.	
May 5 2009 	Worst Experience in Vegas EVER!!!	We go to Vegas about twice a year and have stayed a many of the MGM Mirage properties. We almost always go to the pool and have never had such a horrible experience. First of all REALLY loud music at the pool started around 9am, so sleeping late was not an option. When we arrived at the pool there were no open seats, and hardly any room to walk for the matter. After waiting in line for 20 minutes for expensive drinks (its vegas expensive drinks are to be expected) we found out that the tube we rented for our 12 year old son was stolen from him by an adult male, not another child. A while later when we tried to use the replacement tube, we were splashed mercilessly by a bachelor party until my $20 drink was filled with pool water. This all happens as the lifeguard watches and laughs. I asked him to stop them or replace my drinks, he says he is helpless and talk to a manager. I do and the manager is also helpless and has to go get the General Manager of the pool. I never complain, but people were way out of hand touching other people and their belongings. while i am waiting in the wave pool for the GM to come talk to me a drunk man from a bachelor party jumps on my tube and tries to take it from me. I wrestle the tube away and yell at him and the man tries to punch me in the face. I am a woman by the way. Security comes, huge scene, nothing is done. They stand there staring at me and let him get away. Everyone on the whole property is helpless. The only thing i received after all of this were the free drinks i requested. Our child and parents were traumatized and the day ruined. No other comps were given even after further complaining about the out of control nature at the pool. We come to vegas a lot and go to some of the rowdier pools including club rehab at the hard rock and mandalay bay which is VERY busy. Nothing like this has EVER happend to us before. No one has ever even bothered us...even at CLUB REHAB- the wildest party on the strip! Never stay at the Monte Carlo unless you are just going to be in the casino the whole time, that was the only good part. We were woken up again sunday morning by a loud speaker making announcements for a wedding party at 8am. Stay at the Mirage, Mandalay Bay, the Paris instead- this was one of the worst guest service experiences of my life. I used to work in guest services...I don't complain unless something is very wrong and I NEVER write these reviews, the experience was just THAT bad.	
May 5 2009 	Pretty darn good place to stay	First time at this hotel, apprehensive considering the many poor reviews. The good: fast checkin and out, friendly staff, no construction noise, clean large room and bath, good convenient location, fast valet service, good food at the cafe, lively casino area. The bad?: tired room decor, some noise from neighboring rooms, slow shower drain, awful buffet, ridiculous internet access fees and poor tv station options.Overall for the price and location, a very good value (except for Sat nite stay which was over priced due to the Championship fight in town).The worst buffet prime rib ever. Nearly the worst bbq ribs, inedible. No wonder no lines on a friday nite. Should've gone to Brand the streakhouse.Overall, definitely will consider for our next stay.	
May 4 2009 	Don't waste your money or time	With all the hype about Las Vegas - we thought we were in for a great little 4 day get away! Boy, were we disappointed! I don't think we will ever plan another trip there and if we do, we sure won't stay at the Monte Carlo. We spent a lot of money there and the comps are terrible. We ended up getting 2 buffets a piece and we ate at the dinner buffet once while we were there and it was comparable to a Luby's, but twice the price. Taking advantage of our comped buffets when we checked out almost took an act of congress. The people at the players club are very inexperienced and every time you want to know about your comps they have to get on the phone to some secretive &quot;marketing&quot; person. The front desk is just as bad - they can't tell you anything about your comps. Therefore everyone is sending you running around from desk to desk.The rooms are okay, but don't expect fresh towels daily and don't expect coffee in the morning when you wake up. Unless you pay the outrageous price for room service coffee or go downstairs and purchase coffee from McDonald's or Starbucks. Another thing - bring your own sodas or water with you to the room because there are no complimentary bottles of water left in your room and the soda machine on at least 2 floors that we checked was taped up and out of order! After going to two floors looking for a soda machine that worked, we just gave up and went back to our room.They did not have wifi internet access. You had to plug into an ethernet port and then that did not even work. You could access the internet by PAYING a $5 minimum at a little public kiosk in their lobby. If you want to print your boarding passes from there they charge you another $1 per page!!!!The slots were so tight that we did not see anyone winning anything. We spent a lot of money and playtime in their casino and it was crap.My advice: don't go. If you want to go to an excellent hotel/casino that knows how to treat their patrons and don't want to travel to Las Vegas, try L'auberge du lac in Lake Charles, LA. It is a gorgeous hotel and casino, great staff, friendly people, wonderful food, and complimentary beverage bars in the casino for sodas, water, and coffee.	
May 4 2009 	Not Great	First, I'm a huge fan of MGM Mirage properties. Having said that...Room needs a major update and a good cleaning. Bedding is at Holiday Inn-levels, which is surprising.Bathroom is pretty bad. Not clean, amenities are not what they should be, towels are worn out and bath is unappetizing. The shower lever barely works.Pool is crammed with lounge chairs because of the construction right next to it, so probably not the best experience.PROS: Not a huge hotel to walk through and elevators are right off the lobby. Lobby area looks nice. Great mid-Strip location.	
May 3 2009 	Fine but for the pool.	While I acknowledge that enjoying a quiet moment reading by the pool isn't the first thing most people look forward to when planning a trip to Vegas, it can provide a welcome respite from clanging slot machines. Just not at the Monte Carlo. There is not a single square yard of the sizable pool area that is not assaulted by loudspeakers pumping in hip hop music at a high volume. Reading or relaxing poolside is utterly impossible as MC tries to create some sort of &quot;party atmosphere&quot; at all hours--even before noon. I've got no problem with hip hop nor with nurturing a &quot;pool party&quot; atmosphere for the guests who love that stuff, but surely MC could set aside a section of its pool area for guests who value a little peace and quiet for a while and who do not address one another as &quot;dude&quot;.	
May 2 2009 	Never again...	this hotel has so much potential, but fails miserably.my first complaint was the pool! on of the deciding factors for staying here was the incredible pool. my wife and i managed to hang out for all of 15 minutes! the DJs were probably the worst i have EVER heard! its not that i dislike techno, i dont...but just because you have software that will match two beats together, this does not make you a good DJ!!!this crap started around 9am and went until 6pm.the construction eyesore SUCKED! it true vegas style, someone decided to build8, yes count them 8, structures on the same site...right next door to the hotel! work was going 24/7, with the real noise starting at 6am!the restaurants suck royally. i think that the only place open aside from the fast food joints was that brew pub, and the insanely over priced steakhouse. and speaking of the fast food, who ever would have thought that any Subway restaurant ANYWHERE would actually charge 12$ for a sandwich.the casino drinks were watered down and almost non alcoholic, tonic water was always substituted with flat club soda/sour mix. when you actually ordered a drink from the bar it was 9$.i was pretty much blown away by what they try to charge for stuff here. i expect hotel convenience stores to be a bit over priced, and having been to vegas probably 10 times prior, i expect 'vegas pricing'. however, on this trip i was truly dumbfounded at how ridiculous las vegas businesses have gotten in charging their customers the insulting prices they actually get away with.and so with this trip i bid farewell to las vegas forever. let the coked up yuppies from LA have it.	
May 1 2009 	Best deal on the strip	Room was very nice and comfortable. Bathroom was large and accommodating. Very clean. Staff was courteous and helpful. Pool was fun even for adults, we loved the lazy river with its self propelling current. It was almost as good as being at the beach. We enjoyed the poolside bar and drinks were allowed in the lazy river. We got awesome pictures to take home with us. We left our personal belongings at our lounge chairs without any problems. Thanks you Monte Carlo for a &quot;Girls Weekend&quot; we will never forget. Love your deals for rooms on a budget while still getting all the value of a full-priced stay.	
May 1 2009 	Lovely hotel - great base for stay in Las Vegas	I'm a little surprised by some of the reviews for the Monte Carlo having just stayed there. Having said that we did not go to Vegas to sit by a pool all day - it was our first visit and we're out and about each day. If you are going to relax then yes it's probably not ideal - from the little I saw of the pool area it did seem cramped and there is a buidling site looming over. However it was purely a base for us.We had a great view of the strip. Our room was very clean and comfortable with two big beds and a great shower. The rest of the hotel was very clean with the usual casino, food court, restaurant and buffet places. We liked the fact that although it had all this - as it was not particularly a themed hotel it was better and a bit more of an escape from the others.The staff were very helpful and very well organised - especially in the buffet section - almost military! We only ate in the buffet for breakfast and once for dinner and it was excellent food and value.The building site next door did take the wow factor off the strip a bit and it would be unfortunate if you were looking out onto it.We thought the hotel was good value, comfortable and good location as it sits pretty much in the middle of the main hotels. Las Vegas itself is amazing although very tiring and if you are going to site see rather than relax - although the hotels are themed differently they are all pretty much the same format. If you like loads of gambling and shopping then Vegas is for you!	
May 1 2009 	Very nice stay	Stayed in Vegas frm 4/27-4/30 &amp; got a great rate of $47.06/night!! How can you pass that up in this economic time! First time at this location &amp; thought it was very nice. The room is clean, the bed comfortable. It's shows a little wear but that's fine. Update w/flat screens, and a plug for cellphone by the desk would help but there is a laptop wire/jack available. Check in/desk service was pleasant &amp; courteous, housekeeping was very good. Food court w/Starbucks, Sbarro, some chinese place is there and the Cafe is open 24hrs, is very good. (Food court at the Venetian is better.) Did not eat at Diablos or the French restaurant or swim in the pool. The gambling tables were fine, there's a lot of penny &amp; nickel slots which was fun.I recommend getting the bus passto get around town on the &quot;Deuce&quot;. The 24 hr pass is $7 or a 3 day pass @ $15 &amp; can be purchased right on the bus. Unlimited rides during the time frame!! Well worth the price since one bus ride is $3. And since the buses on &quot;the Strip&quot; are double decker, go up the stairs to get a view of the night life. The bus stops right in front of the hotel when coming fromthe Fremont (north) direction but to head back that way, you have to get to the front of the MGM to catch the bus.They say Vegas is not doing so well since conventions/conventioneers are down &amp; the economy is bad, but there sure seemed to be a lot of people!! It felt like the same Vegas to me!Also, allow extra time for your shuttle pick up to the airport. Allowed an extra 1/2 hour but since there were so many hotel stops, it got late. What ever they tell you when you place your call for pickup, add 30 mins.Overall, this is a 3.5 rating.	
Apr 29 2009 	A good time despite construction work	I agree with previous comments regarding construction work which very much impacted on an otherwise good hotel. The pool area is indeed 'packed like sardines' and the level of music noise is at times disturbing to say the least., particularly if you want a rest after a night gambling and drinking which is a part of a vegas holiday for us. Also because of building work there is a limit to the sunshine at the pool which is again very nice but people are therefore struggling to find sunbeds and it felt more like being in the med with attempts to reserve beds in the better areas. The dust from the construction site was indeed a pest and overall we were disappointed with the sunshine element of this holiday. The hotel areas - rooms, buffet and casino are nice; very clean, with excellent service but could perhaps do with a lick of paint and updating. All this said we did have a good holiday. However I would be cautious for the future regarding the pool and limits to the sun.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Hotel for a cheap price	This hotel to me was kind of a hidden gem. I thought it was very elegant on the inside but very affordable. The rooms were nice and we never had a problem with noise or house keeping. There was a lot of construction going on next door so there was quite a bit of dust in the air but the noise was never a problem. The pools were packed with kids but still very nice. They have a small wave pool and lazy river which was really nice. We had no problems finding chairs and the adult pool is separate from the kids area. We managed to find a little kiddy pool tucked into a hidden area that was great for laying out in. Not many people came in and the water was shallow enough to sit in but still get sun. This hotel is in a great location, right next to New York, New York and across the street from Planet Hollywood. The restaurants are nothing special so I'd recommend going somewhere else to eat but they did have a nice little food court with a subway, starbucks, mcdonalds, sbarro's and some kind of chinese food. The only problem is that it closed early and if you were out looking for a late night snack after coming in from the bars you were out of luck. Occasionally the sbarro's would stay open late but the pizza was very limited and it was only open till 2:00.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. My friends and I loved it and would deinitely go back.	
Apr 29 2009 	A Poem on the Monte Carlo	My review of this hotel was that it was just so soBut it's not necessarily a bad place to go.What was nice was that there wasn't a casino that you need to walk through,but instead is a simple lobby and a few stores too.It's just a basic hotel if you need a place to crash,and you don't have to worry about spending a lot of cash.The pool was big and there was this lazy river to ride,but it was filled with people's suntan lotion as you rode the tide.The location was fine and not really out of the way,and it's a basic place-what more can I say.	
Apr 28 2009 	Don't do it... words can't describe how they've ruined a great hotel	This was my fourth stay at the Monte Carlo over the past five years or so and I was really looking forward to it. It's always been good value, it's a great location and while it can't offer good bars and restaurants like other strip hotels it has a solid quality to it that has always appealed. And my wife and I loved relaxing out by the excellent pool..... until now.As we neared the colossal building site loomed into view, engulfing the hotel on three sides in noise, dust and site traffic. But not to worry, that's not really the hotel's fault. Our room was decent enough and we were checked in early. The windows were caked in dust from the site, rendering the extra paid for a view a little wasteful, but you don't go to Vegas to sit in your room, do you. We still weren't going to let such things bother us.But the gross mismanagement of this hotel became clear when we decided to hit the pool, which is an essential part of a Vegas stay. Much of the pool side terraces have been sold off to the building project and the remaining area sees sunbathers packed in like sardines between the various pools. But fortunately the management at the Monte Carlo have found a way to limit the number of people competing for space in the sun.The music around the pool is so loud and so awful that it destroys any notion of a relaxing lie out by the pool, reading or drinking. It is so loud it will literally make you feel sick. I wish I was joking.I'm no stranger to outdoor music festivals and rock concerts but have never heard a noise like it. I imagine they are trying to drown out the noise of the building site, but even still, it makes the pool totally off-limits. My wife and I like to gamble and have a fair few drinks of an evening and then crash out by the pool to recover. it's the only way to be in Vegas. But not so at the Monte Carlo, not any more it would seem.Worse still, not to sound too geriatric about this, but the music sounds like the creation of the manager's son who has begged his dad to let him play some of his mixes by the pool. It's truly appalling. The sort of thing you'd expect to hear if you bought a tone deaf nephew a set of decks for Christmas, played at a volume rivaled only by a Boeing 747 taking off.However... and this is a nice touch. If you looked to escape into to the Brew Pub for a bite of lunch, not only does it look like a canteen for the monstrous building site, covered in dust and littered with hard hats and high-visibility jackets, they also had a fire alarm which went off every 15 minutes for the duration of our stay. This was explained away as &quot;it's nothing to worry about&quot;... well, it is pretty annoying. Much like the way the Monte Carlo is now run.The accommodation and staff were pleasant and despite the MASSIVE building site, the location of the Monte Carlo remains outstanding. However, some basic but important failings mean this is a hotel I could never return to, even in a couple of years when the building work may finally be complete.We went on to the Luxor instead. Not ideal but in comparison it is sooo much better. However, if it wasn't for conferences filling many of the better hotels we would have gone for Caesars Palace which now is uncontested as my favourite Vegas hotel, where previously the Monte Carlo was snapping at its heels.	
Apr 24 2009 	Can't wait until the surrounding construction is over...	I like the Monte Carlo quite a bit. They've comped me rooms several times. Some of the downsides at the moment is all the City Center construction going on. Plus Internet access is $14.99/day! That's pretty pricey. It's not even WiFi. They WiFi in your room is hit and miss (mostly miss) but it DOES work out by the pool area if you stay close to the building. They got rid of all the Wheel of Fortune slots that I liked so I'm going to have to look elsewhere. I do like the Brew Pub and it was great to see all the different playoff games going on while you ate.	
Apr 23 2009 	FANTASTIC VALUE	Have stayed @ both Monte &amp; MGM --- prefer Monte. MGM entails TONS of walking (we stayed in a regular double the 1st year &amp; JUST to go down &amp; pickup your morning coffee; was a 'trek'!) Monte has had better rates, too (3 years in a row)....and, after Monte's Concierge Floor has it 'hands down' over MGM's &quot;Signature&quot; (food-wise AND service-wise)Great location - you're right there @ NY NY, Excaliabur, &amp; Trop., M&amp;M World &amp; the 1/2-price Tix Booth are right across the street, you have a CVS &amp; a Walgreen just STEPS away...to pick up incidentals, Luxor &amp; Mandalay are a short tram-ride, &amp; you have MGM and the Monorail - to go down to the other end of the strip.	
Apr 22 2009 	ok but rooms are average	the price was what we could afford and we enjoyed our vacation staying at the monte carlos, the buffet is good just close to early Me and my husband was going on vacation but really didn't. Have money for the high end hotels so staying at the monte carlos was ok and affordable	
Apr 19 2009 	Very nice hotel	The hotel in the south of the strip near the City Center area. The room was OK and very clean and the service I received was very good, The Buffat was very good with the best dessrts. Very important to mentione that they have parking area with no charge but there is limites space and it is not easy to find a spot.	
Apr 19 2009 	Okay but not the best I've had at the MC	We have stayed at the MC many times. This time we stayed in the Spa suite, because it was an excellent price. The room itself was decent and large. It was very clean, except for the stained carpets. The spot lights over the bed and the jacuzzi didn't work. The curtain by the jacuzzi only came up half way. So, for what we paid it was fine, but if I would have to pay what they normally ask, it would not be worth it. Our room faced the construction, but I didn't feel the noise was that bad at all. It's actually improved since some of our prior stays. (They are working more inside the buildings now).You could occassionally hear the beeping of the trucks when they were backing up. The bathroom was large. It was nice to have a fridge in the room also. The check in/out went quickly. The valet staff was AWESOME!! You never had to wait for your car long and they were friendly and asked if you needed directions. If you are looking for a quick bite to eat they have a food court with many options. We didn't use the food court, but ate at Brand, which was good and in the Pub. We didn't spend a day at the pool, because it was shaded over, by the CC. The MC sent us an e-mail to sign up for text messaging to hear about the specials and activities that would be going on while you were staying with them. Don't even bother trying to sign up. tried it before we left and while we were down there. We never received one message from them.We didn't have a terrible stay, but with each stay I feel the MC is getting a little out dated. I would stay at the MC again, but I am thinking about staying somewhereelse next time. We usually stay in the Monaco Suite &amp; this time the Spa Suite. To upgrade to those categories or room, I could be staying at the Bellagio, Palazzo or Wynn in a regular room that is just as nice for the same price. (IMO)If you want something that's clean and nothing too exciting it is worth a stay. If you something a little more, I wouldn't recommend it.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent Service - Great Hotel	I highly recommend this hotel. I've stayed in many in Vegas and this is now my favorite. Best value for the price in Vegas. Very high end and high quality. Staff is the best around Vegas. Hotel and casino are great. Very comfortable hotel to stay. Suitable for couples or families. I travelled with my teen daughter at spring break. We shopped and relaxed at the pools. The pool area is great for families. They have lazy river, wave pools, jacuzzi and regular pool. Very relaxing and good music playing at pool area. Located in great area and you can walk around the strip easily from this hotel. They have a foodcourt with lots of good places like Starbucks, Sbarro Italian, Hagan Daz ice cream, Mcdonalds. The market cafe restaurant we ate in served excellent meals and lots of choices for everyone. We went to the Lance Burton magic show which was also excellent. It's for families and suitable for children, teens and adults. Every person we encountered who worked at this hotel provided excellent service. The room was very nice and quiet. We slept well in this hotel. We moved from the Flamingo (which was horrible) and the front desk let us check in early. The gift shop has nice things for souvenirs. The casino is comfortable and fun to play in. The fitness room is great. Valet parking the best in Vegas with short waits to get your car. I highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	great guys on concerige desk very helpfull	rooms clean and comfortable very friendly staff see jay or mike at concerige desk for the best help and advice on things to see and do	
Apr 15 2009 	The place to stay for elegant style great service in Vegas!	We chose to stay at the Monte Carlo out of all Vegas hotels, since we got a great deal and it was in a decent location on the strip. The hotel was very clean with an elegant decor. Overall the casino floor was much quieter than some of the overcrowded ones at Bellagio and Caesars. We came to appreciate this quietness after seeing the hustle and bustle that is Vegas.There is a very convenient food court right near the hotel rooms area, consisting of: Starbucks, Subway, McD's, Manchu Wok, and Rubios. Great for a quick bite or snack.We stayed in the Monaco Suite, which was just lovely. Our room faced the side of the hotel (toward Excalibur) so we were away from the construction noise that is currently going on with the development of the City Center complex on the other side. Be sure to request a room away from the construction, unless you want to be woken up at 6am every day. The room was spotless and had a very modern appeal with dark furniture, a king bed, a suede couch, a floor-length mirror, 2 bathrooms, flat panel tv, and calming blue-gray walls. No complaints about the room at all - it was great!The location of the hotel is not as center strip as one would imagine. It's right next to New York, New York and somewhat diagonal from Planet Hollywood, but the blocks are SO HUGE in Vegas that it takes forever to walk anywhere. I would probably stay north of Planet Hollywood next time, because that's where I spent most of my time (Bellagio, Caesars, Venetian, etc). Don't get me wrong though, Monte Carlo is a beautiful hotel that I think is sometimes overlooked. They offer some great pricing, so definitely worth staying at if you're on a budget!	
Apr 12 2009 	Poor Average Mediocre.................	Checked in 29th March for 2 weeks. Check in fine. Asked for room high up away from construction. Had to pay extra $10 per night for room on 25th floor. Room looked over strip but was in very poor condition. Furniture chipped marks on carpets, sheets and blankets very tired. Bed spread very worn!! Bathroom ok though shower head was too low and I'm onlt 5'9&quot;!!! So if you are taller bend for the shower. Bed side light flickered every time you went near the cabinet.  The last time we stayed at the Stratosphere but this time we thought we were paying more cash for a better Hotel. How wrong we were. This hotel needs a complete makeover the only thing I can say was the beds were very comfortable although the pillows were so thin even laying on 3 of them you hit the matress. Had room service and at $77 you would have expected it to be hot!! like everything else average.	
Apr 12 2009 	Average Hotel OK if you get a good deal.	I have stayed in 8 different hotels over 6 visits to Vegas. Monte Carlo is average at best. If I had payed full price I would have been very disappointed. If you can get a great deal, and are looking for an average room, consider the Monte Carlo. The building looks very dated inside. The staff has a neutral attitude; not rude but not enthusiastic either. The casino was quiet as was the pool; some people bay find that appealing. The pool area is nice except that the City Center construction looms over it.Our package included a bunch of &quot;extras&quot; that were pretty much useless. The free slots $$ offered is what anyone gets if they join the players club. The food court coupons were a bunch of buy item one get item 2 half off coupons. The 2 free buffets were good and the free spa passes would have been OK if we had used them.The &quot;2 drinks at Diablo's&quot; coupon was useless because Diablo's is a joke. No staff, terrible service and a hostess that is perpetually talking on her cell phone.We did not have a room on the City Center construction side, so I cannot comment on the construction noise.The location is OK but the hotels on the other side of the strip are more convenient because that is the side the monorail is on.We ate at the Dragon Noodle restaurant and enjoyed it very much. Good food, friendly staff, reasonable prices and good selection. I would recommend it.Overall, Monte Carlo was kind of a let down but for the price we paid, it was OK. For a few $$ more, say $40.00 - $60.00 / night you can stay at much better hotels like MGM.If you are looking for a quiet, average hotel on the strip, you can stay at Monte Carlo for around $45.00 / night right now.	
Apr 12 2009 	Decent place location for the value nothing too fancy.	We stayed April 9-11 and we thought overall the hotel was decent. We had the basic delux room. I thought the room was just fine, again nothing fancy, but it was clean and comfortable which is all I wanted. The furnishings were updated nicely. The only complaint we had was the water pressure in the shower wasn't great, and the faucet was dripping. We called the next morning to tell them about it and a guy came up to fix it and walked right in when we were still in bed partially naked. :O( But it wasn't traumatic! He was nice and apologized and came back later to fix everything to normal. They gave us 2 free buffet comps though which was nice to have for dinner. They are also building the new City Center next door, and I was woken up around 6am to beeping noises from trucks reversing and other construction noises. My husband slept through it though. I brought ear plugs from reading the other reviews and those helped ALOT! We stayed in room 236 on the 11th floor and it was the nearest to the construction. Overall it was tolerable for two people living in the Oregon country. I think their amenities are ok. Compared to hotels like Planet Hollywood, MGM, Paris, etc... I think it is on the lower end. Their pool is a pool, but the others outdo it. We did like their Brand lounge, which they offered 2 for 1 drink deals. The buffet wasn't that great. The food was ok selection wise, and the flavors were ok. I am glad we didn't pay $18 pp for it.I think the hotel is fine for the location and deals you can get there. I would have rathered stay at a hotel like PH, or Paris because of the location and amenities. It's nice to have shops closer.	
Apr 12 2009 	Nickled and Dimed	Another MGM property where they try to soak you for every penny they can. Extra costs: internet $14.99 per computer; no coffee or tea in room; $2.00 per page to print boarding passes.	
Apr 11 2009 	Nice place to stay	Took this hotel as part of a USAir pkg. Hotel was clean right on the strip. Has several fast food and sit down restaurants on site so it's easy to make a choice without having to leave the property. Make sure to tell the desk clerk that you do not want a room on the north side facing the construction of the new city centre. Talked to one person who made them change their rooms because of the noise.If you're a senior, ask for a senior discount on coffee at McDonald's which opens at 6:00 AM. Can also get free refills. Great for early risers from the east.	
Apr 7 2009 	Just OK.	I stayed at the Monte Carlo for 3 days recently with my mother and 2 adolescent daughters. The lobby of the hotel is relatively impressive, and check-in was fairly painless. The room was not all that impressive. It was kind of small and a little dingy, though the bathroom was really nice. The beds were comfortable, except for the non-fitted sheets which did not want to stay on the mattress. I asked for a room away from the construction noise, and did not hear any of the construction noise while in my room, or elsewhere on the premises. I did hear noise from the adjoining rooms, and was awakened once around 4:00 a.m. by a couple of lovebirds in the room next door.The pool area is nice, though it was a bit too chilly for us to swim while there. I didn't spend a lot of time in the casino, so can't really comment on it. The food court was very handy considering we had kids with us. We had the buffet once, and it was very good, especially the desserts. Much better than the Excalibur's, which is the only other Vegas buffet I've tried. The biggest gripe I had is with the internet service. They advertise high speed internet for $14.99 a night. What I didn't learn until I got there was that that price is PER laptop (we had 3) and you can only use 1 laptop at a time, because it is not wireless. I ended up going with a service called Traveler's Wi-Fi, which was much cheaper, but I had a crappy connection the entire time I was there. There were probably better alternatives, but of course, I couldn't research them without an internet connection to begin with. I guess you don't go to Vegas to stay on the internet, but if that's something that's important to you, you might want to research it before you go. Overall, it wasn't a bad experience, but definitely nothing to write home about.	
Apr 6 2009 	Much better than expected.......	My husband and I plus four other couples recently stayed (March 28th through April 1st)at the Monte Carlo. I was really worried when I read some of the reviews because I had done the booking for our whole group. All 10 of us agreed that we would stay there on our next visit to Las Vegas.Our room was on the 27th floor and facing away from the construction. It was quiet, comfortable and clean. We upgraded so we could have a king-sized bed because there weren't any left at our price level. We paid $10 extra a night; however, it was comped when we checked out. I thought that it would be worth asking for. The casino host notonly comped the room but also the meals that were charged to our room.Every service person we had contact with was helpful and courteous. We especially enjoyed the staff (Karen specifically) in the coffee shop.The casino was quieter and smaller than a lot of the other casinos. It was easy to findour way around. We also liked having the food court close to the elevators.	
Apr 6 2009 	Wish we had stayed at Ceasars Palace	We stayed at this hotel 7 years ago and, apart from the lobby, the rooms have got very tired looking. We, like others on here asked for a room away from the construction but with a view of the strip. Well, the first room was on the 9th floor (?) and had a view over the roof of the multi-story car park and about an inch view of the MGM opposite! The next day we were moved to the 21st floor and although a better view it was still a very tired looking room and very dark. Do not order food in Sbarros on the casino floor as it was stone cold, over cooked and rubbery. Nothing good or spectacular stood out for us in this hotel and woud therefore never go back there. The next time we go we will stay at Ceasars Palace for its location, shopping and friendlier atmosphere.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good value 3.5 star Strip hotel if you stay on the quiet side	We booked a block of rooms at Monte Carlo for a trade show. My third business stay at MC...Rooms are clean, spacious and well furnished, if starting to show some wear. I would give MC a 3.5 star, solid 4 star if rooms were refurbished.Unbelievably low weekday rate $49 per night (during a trade show!) Ripoff internet at $14.99/day and SLOOOOOOOOOW.Great Strip location near New York and MGM Grand. Close to airport, not walkable to LVCC (Taxi is best option). Nicely decorated and several good restaurants and food court. Friendly and efficient staff. &quot;Cafe&quot; is very good and a decent value for breakfast (starting $9.99). Casino is relatively small but I was not there to gamble. Pool looks nice but I did not swim either. As others have noted, stay on the &quot;non construction&quot; side on upper floor away from City Center construction, due for completion December 2009 if they don't run out of money. Most CC heavy construction (demolition, pile driving etc.) is winding down, but is still noisy on City Center side of Monte Carlo. Avoid frontage road behind CC, construction access. Parking could be an issue but new garage looks due to open soon.	
Apr 5 2009 	I've been to hundreds of hotels and this one was the worst	In March, my fiancee and I spent 3 nights at the Monte Carlo Hotel &amp; Casino. Upon check in, we let the clerk know that all we wanted was a quiet room away from the City Center construction, on a high floor facing I-15 and with a clean king bed. The room as it turned out was absolutely disgusting. The shower had hair on the wall, the floor was dirty with bottle caps from the previous occupant and you could hear water running through the walls quite often. The room had no queen so we complained to the front desk and they said they had no more and to check the next day. We checked the next day and they put us in a king bed on a different wing of the hotel. At about 4 am, we started to hear banging noises (metal) and discovered that they had placed us right on top of the construction area. I asked to speak with management and all they could offer were excuses about the noise both in and out of the hotel. We stayed in three different rooms in three nights and all were equally appaling in terms of cleanliness. We immediately removed the bed cover and tossed it on the floor as there was no telling what lived on it. I have stayed at hundreds of hotels in numerous countries in my lifetime and this was the absolute worst. New York New York next door is nicer and I've heard the Venetian is nice too.	
Apr 5 2009 	Bed Bug Infestation!	To add to the noise in the hallways, my significant other woke up complaining that something was biting him. We found bugs in the bed. We reported this to the hotel staff and they did confirm there was a bed bug infestation in our room. We were told to go to the doctor and have our luggage deconaminated. They would consider reimbursing us. The person we dealt with never once volunteered to comp our stay which was only $59.95 per night, so I asked. She said she'd have to think about it. We will not stay at the Monte Carlo again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great value in the strip	We stayed in the Monte Carlo for two nights in March 2009. We booked a pkg in their website, with a very good price and some extras, like two buffets, two drinks, etc. First time in Vegas for both of us, and we stayed in three hotels, and I have to say the Monte Carlo is as good as the others. I was a little afraid because some of the reviews here weren´t great, but our experience was good. Check in took five minutes in total, and while we were in line the bell approach us, and took care of our luggage in a second in a great mood. I asked for a room away from the construction work, and it was honored without a problem, and even they gave me alternatives to choose from. The room was big, maybe the only problem was that it was a little dark, but it had to be because the orientation. However, any of the other hotels had a main light in the ceiling anyway... The bathroom had enough room, wasn´t huge, but bigger than the average house bathroom. I understand when people say that the furniture is a little old, because it is true, but nothing extreme, it is not run down. We went to the pool, and tried the lazy river, and it was extremely fun! The pool area is close to the construction site, but I didn´t notice at all. We tried the buffet and the casino, and loved both of them.When we went for our complimentary drinks at Diablo´s, the girl said to us to don´t even bother to charge them to the room, that we were fine, so it was a very nice gesture from her, because in other places made us to show all kind of proof to redeem them.We had foos in the food court late at night once, and it was great to have some cheap, late night option just there.The location was good for me, everything in Vegas is so huge that you have to walk anyway! In addition, the casino and public areas are not very crowded, like in other popular hotels.I think this is a perfect option for good location, good quality and an affordable price in the strip.	
Apr 2 2009	awsome	We went to Vegas in February, The location of the hotel is very good. The rooms were clean and ready at 10 AM. Which was very good because we got there in the morning at 9 am. The stuff was friendly. I recomend to buy the double decker pass its 15$ for 3 days, and you can get on and off everytime you want it goes every 15 minuts. The Strip is long. The hotels are beutifull but they are owned byt 2 owners so its not worth to spend hundreds of dollars on the hotel rooms, the rooms are the same only diffrence is the Lobby Then Venetian lobby is very beautiful but the rooms are the same what we had in Monte Carlo. and anyways you dont go to vegas to hang around in the room =)=) The all you can Eat buffe is 20$ for 1 and its very good, but next door at Excalibur have 2 for 1 so you pay 20$ for 2. from 2to6 pm. Overall we loved our trip and the hotel and the fly. We flew with sunwing so we had a complimentary dinner drink and massage hehehe :D	
Apr 1 2009 	OK but not exactly what expected	Nice hotel, great location on the strip if you want to see other casinos/hotels. Major construction makes parking more than a nightmare. Hotel not crowded, yet they still didn't have the room we reserved and wanted us to pay for the upgrade to get what we reserved. Queen sized beds are more like doubles.	
Mar 31 2009	Stay somewhere else!	A beautiful hotel, great location and large rooms are the pluses for this hotel, but if you're willing to pay for a less than clean, noisy room, dim lighting, $15.00 a day internet connection, and no coffee pot for those who 'gotta have it!', then do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!	
Mar 31 2009 	Great location good prices	We stayed March 16-19th at the Monte Carlo. Asked for and were given a room with a view at no extra charge. Room had a great view of the MGM Grand and the Polo Towers. Construction noise was minimal. The room walls seemed thin, with pipe noise and toilet flushing next door very loud. Showers were the best I have experienced in a hotel. My only issue was that the room had no fan in the bathroom, and no fan came on in the room when you adjusted the temperature, so you had no way to drown out any outside noises when trying to sleep. I could hear the music coming from Diablo's bar out by the street unitl all hours. Comps seemed generous, with $50 food credit in the cafe for us, even though we wouldn't consider ourselves big gamblers. Would stay again. One thing though, the brew pub doesn't do any brewing since the change of ownership.	
Mar 30 2009 	Pretty good for the price but I wish some things were different.	The room wasn't horrible. BUT the walls were thin every time the person next to us flushed their toilet we could hear it. There are no rules about people in the halls being loud...I was woken up at 530 by drunk people taking a picture outside my door. The construction next door as beautiful as it will be is a 24/7 project so the noise is always there. (btw when they are done...not too much sun will be on the pool....its already being blocked out and its not even finished). Staff was pretty nice to us. The buffet I thought was over priced even for Vegas and it wasnt that good to begin with, THANK GOODNESS FOR ROOM COMPS!WARNING: if you have sensitive skin, request hypoallergenic sheets and towels....i broke out in hives due to the sheets and towels (which are very rough).	
Mar 28 2009 	Good Value for your money.	I just spent five days at Monte Carlo, and it was a great stay. When I booked my vacation I requested a regular non-smoking room but since it was on a first come, first serve basis they ran of rooms before at 9:00 pm. How-ever they gave me a free upgrade to the 28th floor. It was a nice room, aside from a lamp that flickered everytime I touched the desk. The room faced the pool and construction site, but as I was awake before 6:00 am it never really bothered me. If the noise bothers you, they have a CVS pharmacy open 24 hrs and you can buy ear plugs. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was more spacious than what I thought it was going to be (I'm from NY so I am used to cramped rooms). The casino floor was well lit and easy to find what you are looking for be it a resturant or your favorite slot machine. The food was fantastic, I love thier breakfast buffet, and the graveyard special on steak and eggs is a great value. The casino and hotel is located on the strip next to some of the other more well-known casinos like New York New York, and MGM Grand. But what made my stay there the best was the staff. Very friendly, helpful, and courtious, I will deffinately go back there again.	
Mar 28 2009 	noisy pool noisy construction otherwise OK	My husband and I stayed here on 17-20th March. The rooms are fine and the location, in the middle of the south end of the strip, is good. Also the whole place isn't large by Vegas standards, so its not too far to walk to anywhere and is not too disorientating for a first-time traveller to Vegas. However right now the new CityCenter project is being constructed right next door and the construction goes on all night. It is extremely noisy and we were woken repeatedly. I would not recommend staying here until the CityCenter project is complete, unless you are deaf. The other problem was the pool - all Vega hotel pools pump music through speakers into their pool areas (without leaving even one little quiet corner) but the music at the Monte Carlo was blaring. It was more like a club. No way we could read a book or listen to an MP3 player while lying by the pool - we just gave up after about an hour. On the up side, we only ate once at the buffet (for breakfast) but would definitely recommend the breakfast buffet - it's in a nice room, well managed, with tasty and quality food, a bargain for the price.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very Nice Hotel!	My husband and I just returned from a long weekend at the Monte Carlo. We were lucky enough to have them comp our room for the entire stay, but I'd have no problem paying the $70 a night the Monte Carlo usually charges as the hotel/casino/rooms were all very nice. Check in was a breeze and they were very willing to give us a room with a view for no extra charge. The room was very comfortable and clean with great beds, nice bathrooms, a safe in the closet and great travel sized shampoos, lotions, etc. We spent a lot of time in the casino and for the most part, the dealers were friendly and easy going. We did run into one very grunpy shoe shiner and one rude dealer, but overall, great staff! The casino was lovely and the cocktail waitresses were FAST! They'll bring you anything you want, so don't forget to order top shelf! The location was nice - easy to walk to other casinos and the construction noise was not a problem. We didn't get a chance to swim, but the pool area looked nice. I've stayed at other hotels in Vegas and would rate the Monte Carlo as my new favorite!	
Mar 24 2009 	Beep beep beep beep...	We were awoken at 7:00 am on Saturday morning to the sounds of construction vehicles backing up(beep, beep) saws and hammering etc. The City Centre Complex is being built right next to the MC. We were able to change rooms and it was somewhat quieter on Sunday morning. However, by Monday construction was back in full swing and though it was somewhat quieter, we were still awoken early by the sounds of construction. Bring earplugs or stay a hotel away from City Centre.	
Mar 22 2009 	pretty upscale for an inexpensive hotel off the strip	Room clean. Liked having a food court. Free parking for guests. Not too far off the strip and much nicer than I expeced for the money.	
Mar 19 2009 	not bad not great	We stayed march 15-18th. The best part of the hotel is the casino and location. it was clean, not crowded and not too big. However, we play $15-$20 blackjack hands and they didn't even want your card unless you play at least $25 each hand. Other properties happily took our cards. the drink service was top notch 3 of the 4 days we were there and the dealers were all nice. the food court in the casino was also a plus. the weather was great which meant you had to be out early to get a chair. the pool area is TINY and there are not enough chairs and a lot of the area is shaded. the drink service at the pool was good. check in and out was very speedy. we asked to be away from the construction and that was honored. the room is just ok. we don't spend a lot of time there so that usually isn't an issue. the pillows they provide are the worst ones i have ever slept on by far. if they would provide better pillows, i would stay again if the price was really good.	
Mar 18 2009 	Very comfortable.	Overall this is a great place to stay. Check in was a breeze. We arrived at noon and they had several rooms available immediately. We had a choice of pool view, strip view or mountain view. We opted for the pool view, but once we got into the room you could hear the noise of construction so we changed to a much quieter mountain view. You should ask about construction noise when checking in. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. I was nervious after reading a review aobut bed bugs. After careful inspection and 3 nights later, there were no signs of any bed bugs or any other bugs.We booked a stay and play package, good value but probably would have been better off taking the AAA rate. They offered $20.00 in food court coupons. Keep in mind these are not vouchers. You order something and you get a free pop or free tortia chips. Not much of a savings and you won't use all the coupons. It also came with 2 buffet vouchers. This is worth between $20 &amp; $40 depending on the meal. The buffet was okay but you felt obligated to use them when there are so many other choices in Vegas.The food court was nice &amp; reasonable. McDonalds, Pizza, Mexican, Chinese, Starbucks and Hagendaz. There is also a reasonably priced Pub and mexican restaurant Diablo's. Diablo's was always busy with $3.00 drink specials from 3-7p.m. Temperatures didn't allow us to enjoy the pool. We did take a walk to the pool. It is a very nice area with one main pool, a lazy river and a wave pool. We did enjoy the casino's. We don't spend a lot of money gambeling but we did enjoy the monopoly game. This casino seemed to have the best payouts. We couldn't win anything any where else. The main pool water was very chilly....not heated. Location was good. Walking distance to many of the main hotels, casino's and shows. Across the street was a 1/2 off ticket booth for shows. This had the shortest lines of the 3 boots. Don't go to the one next to the M&amp;M store or Bills. Those lines were very long. I did learn that you don't get your &quot;real&quot; tickets here. Once you pay for your show you are directed to the venue where the show is to pick up your &quot;real&quot; tickets with seat assignment. This hotel isn't as plush as the Bellagio and the rooms aren't as big, but it is a very good value. If you are looking for the basic ammenities and not the most expensive restaurants and shops this is a great place to stay.	
Mar 17 2009 	Not worth it	Stayed at the Monte Carlo recently. Check in went smooth, they had a gentleman directling traffic which helped expedite the process. We got to our room (22-231) and we were greatly dissappointed. My travel companion had stayed there before and swore she remembered a much nicer room. The room was generally worn out and in poor shape. The bathroom floor had something sticky on it and the bathtub drained slowly. No extras such as coffee maker, refridgerator, and the TV was circa 1995. Cigarette burns in the carpet, a hole in my sheet, and a whole 2 tiny drinking glasses to toast our surroundings. I felt really dissappointed considering other places I had stayed for a similar cost or less had much more to offer. I will compliment the casino floor for being not so busy and for availability of games. Drink service was fair. I receommend to all to order a beer. Mixed drinks were super weak. Although, we kept commenting on a smell that reminded us kitty litter on the gaming floor. Never did figure that smell out.	
Mar 15 2009 	Monte Carlo does not disappoint	My brother and I just got back from a quick weekend in Las Vegas. We have stayed at the Monte Carlo before and decided to stay there again. I have stayed at several properties in Las Vegas and I continue to like the Monte Carlo. The resort is very clean and comfortable. It may not be a pristine as it once was, but it is definitely not run down in any way. The rooms are large and comfortable. The staff is friendly and helpful. All in all, it is a very nice property.I tried to take a shower one day at around 4pm and the shower was not working. I called maintenance and they said that they had a pipe burst and it would be fixed in 15 minutes. In 15 minutes it was in perfect working order. My only complaint would be that I decided to print up our boarding passes and used their business center. They charged me $4 for the 2 minutes on their computer. I felt like that was a little bit of a &quot;nickel and dime&quot; thing, but other then that I cannot say enough good things about this resort overall.It may not be the most &quot;upscale&quot; property on the strip, but I would not hesitate to stay here. I'm not sure I would select it as a place to take my significant other if I was really trying to impress her, but other then that caveat, I would be back in a heartbeat.	
Mar 14 2009 	Average	The staff was generally okay. A few gems, and no one was outwardly rude. Rooms were less than average, and even though we asked to be placed away from the City Center construction, we had a front row seat. The noise wasn't as bad as we had heard, but the walls were way too thin. Every time someone in the hall opened or closed a door we jumped.The standard rooms were getting a little old and tired. The beds, pillows and bed coverings were not up to standard. Furnishings were worn. The bathroom was nothing special, but adequate.I would normally say the location was good, you had to navigate City Center construction. When it's over, I'm sure it will be fine.One item that bothered us was the how early the restaurants closed. At a quarter of ten, all were closed with the exception of the Cafe (which offered a VERY limited menu) and the food court. Only one restuarant even acknowledged us.The one restaurant we visited, Dragon Noodle, was very poor. That is another review, but trust me, stay away from it.The casino was well laid out. The games were a bit dated, but they had a good variety.Overall, I think you can do much better, expecially in this economy. And until the City Center project if completed, I would stay away.	
Mar 11 2009	Darn good value	Two couples (over 50, but hip) spent a week in Vegas in February. We have stayed at the Monte Carlo before and were confident in doing so again. We were not disappointed since it proved to be the same value as in years past. The rooms were clean and while not the Ritz Carlton, they were just fine. The lobby is very pretty and we got some great deals on stuff at the gift shop. Look for the 50% off shelves. Our only gripe was the construction noise. There is a HUGE project going on at the rear of the hotel and those guys start really early. On check-in, be sure to ask for a room on the east side of the hotel. Be specific about wanting to be away from the noise. We felt that odd numbered rooms on any floor would not be directly adjacent to the racket. All in all, we had a great time and would stay there again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great Time at the Monte Carlo	We stayed at the Monte Carlo for four nights and enjoyed every minute of it! From the roomss to the staff everything was great. We did not encounter one person during our stay that was not friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 18th floor facing the strip and the construction from the City Center did not bother us at all. We did have the buffet for dinner one night and it was very nice, we also ate at Cafe and at the Brew Pub and did not have one bad meal. We will stay at this hotel again without a doubt,	
Mar 9 2009 	Nothing Fancy But Good For The Price / 3.5 out of 5	In reading recent reviews I made sure to ask for a room not located facing all the construction and trust me you will want to do this to as the rooms are defintley not sound proof as we could hear the construction Thursday and Friday morning . We also could hear the sounds of the strip coming into the room as well such as the music from Diablo's bar downstairs on their patio and the people screaming on the Roller Coaster at New York New York.Overall though the room was very clean , nicely sized, big bathroom and friendly staff and service. Check in and check out were both very quick and efficent and the location on the strip is nice, not central but not total opposite end.If you get a good deal and really don't care about a themed looked to your hotel like say Luxor , then The Monte Carlo is not a bad option at all but next time I think I'll look for a fancier hotel. Just a personal preference .	
Mar 6 2009 	Not perfect but great value	My wife and I booked a trip to vegas from columbus ohio for 3 nights at the monte carlo. The price was incredible compared to other hotels in the same location, we got air and 3 nights for less than $700. I read the reviews and knew what to expect-construction next door, thin walls etc. We actually loved it and thought above all the place was CLEAN. don't listen to what you hear about people saying it is not kept up well, just not true. For this price, you have to be willing to put up with the imperfections and enjoy yourself. We didn't do any expensive meals, but the fee buffet was fine and the cafe was really very good for the money any time of day.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great value!	Took advantage of the email rate and we were comped 3 of the 4 nights we stayed. Room was large with large bathroom. Very clean with good maid service. Check-in was quick and the lady checking us in was extremely helpful. Despite comments to the contrary, we found this place quiet (much more so than the Mirage). Machines were tight, but the casino is large and easy to get around. Will not eat at the Cafe again. We went for a late lunch and I ordered a simple salad and my wife ordered a sandwich. It took nearly 45 minutes, despite the fact few people were there. No apology even after asking the waitress where our food was. Food was no better than a salad at McDonalds. We needed a cab to get our rental car. bellhop said that this was a new cabbie, but he told him to just drive down Las Vegas Blvd. the the Fox car rental. When he turned right onto Tropicana Blvd, I asked why. he said that the freeway was quicker. Since it was 9 a.m. and the was no traffic, and only 3 traffic lights to go through, I questioned why. Well after getting off the freeway, he drove right past the rental place and then wanted to drive even further to turn around. He then drove us up to the entrance and expected us to get out and walk across the parking lot to the office. His credentials were not displayed on the dash as required. We were WAY overcharged. This was the trip from hell! The Monte Carlo should not be dealing with thiefs like this. I would absolutely stay at the Monte Carlo again, but would refuse to take another cabbie who is new. Incidentally, this was the only Mid-eastern cabbie we met out of about 6 cab rides.	
Mar 3 2009 	What a waste of money	I was very disappointed with the Monte Carlo. We were told it was a four star...far from it. The reason we chose it was because of the pool, but the pool was closed and they didn't tell you unless you asked. They informed us we could use the Bellagio (which they made seem like it's right next door) but it's over half a mile away. The walls were sooo shallow, we heard people's TV's above us, below us, and next to us plus everyone in the halls. The beds were uncomfortable, shower head very low, and the handle to the sink came off when I put it on!	
Mar 3 2009 	Fun Hotel with One Exception	I stayed at the Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino on March 2, 2009, with my wife, my brother and his wife. We were in town to see The Beatles Love at the Mirage. Overall I would give the Monte Carlo very positive reviews. I like the Monte Carlo because the casino is fairly small by strip standards and not so hard to find people or lengthy walks to get places. The casino was very nice, clean and very good drink service. The rooms were nice and clean. Diablos Cantina was a lot of fun during Happy Hour with crazy drink specials with the female bartender pouring wild shots while standing on the bar. My only complaint involved an incident at the Cafe and involves something that would have never happened in Vegas 15 years ago before the whole town went corporate. After we returned from the show at the Mirage we went for a quick bite to eat the Cafe before going to bed. While we were in the process of being seated the hostess had a fight with three servers right in front of our table over who was going to be our server. We waited for about 10 minutes and no one even brought water to our table or took our drink orders. If the cafe had been busy I would have understood, but it was close to 90% empty. I called over the hostess to ask if there was a problem and she said someone would be with us shortly. We waited a few more minutes and still no one came to our table to even bring us water, let along take our food order. I then complained rather sternly to the manager about what the problem was with the service. She informed me that if I did not calm down she was going to call security and have me removed. This despite the fact that we had been waiting for 15 minutes with no assurance we would get water let alone dinner. I told her this level of service was not acceptable and she told me that she would not speak to me until I calmed down. I saved her the trouble and our party just left the cafe. 15 years ago that would never have happened in Vegas and is now one of the reasons I go to Laughlin now rather than Vegas. 15 years ago that manager would have go to the kitchen themselves to get the water and probably comped our meals. But in these modern times where these corporate casinos have to squeeze every dime out of every possible source of cash in the hotels customer service has to take a hit. So instead of taking care of us, the manager was complete rude and disrepectful to me and probably cost her resturant $100 that night. In the grand scheme of things that doesn't matter to the Monte Carlo, but it demonstrates how much Las Vegas has changed and not for the better.	
Mar 3 2009 	Much better than expected	We stayed here for the Valentine's weekend. It was much better than expected after reading some of these reviews and we would stay here again forsure! We got the deal from Westjet with 2 free buffets (AMAZING!), 2 drinks and 2 spa passes. We only used the buffet. We also got $10 slot money with the package on top of the $10 for signing up for the MGM card. (The casinos in Old Vegas only give free cards or entry forms for signing up.) The fast food places were ok, but a little expensive. The room was very nice (especially compared to Stratosphere), the service was great, and the casino had very loose slots. It was the only casino I won in. I also won the free trip to Cancun that the casino in Old Vegas draws each night, but the trip was not free. It would cost over $300 in taxes and fees. We asked for a room away from the construction and we got a room on the 27th floor. We did not hear a thing, and the beds were very comfy. We saw the V-Show after getting a cheap ticket from a timeshare promo. It was good for $10 but not worth a full price ticket. If you are going to see a show, but the tix for half price on the street. Just get in line early in the morning. We also went fishing in Lake Mead with a guide and it was AMAZING! We caught 23 fish in 5 hours. It is only 30min away from the strip. The wax museum was ok, but not really worth the price of the ticket and the aquarium at Mandalay Bay was not cheap but very good.We will definately stay at the Monte Carlo again. Our stay was great! Thanks!!	
Mar 2 2009 	Nice but could be noisy	3 Night stay at a great price.Asked for a room away from construction which they obliged by putting us away from the major City Centre construction.However we still heard construction early from building works near New York New York so ask for a high room.Room was fine,beds comfortable but the walls are very thin and if you have a neighbour with a noisy child like us and you have jet lag it can be a problem.Loved the Brew Pub downstairs- nice atmosphere and good cheap specials.Casino had a nice atmosphere.Diablo restaurant out front was a little like a conveyor belt with the staff constantly rushing you through to serve the next eaters.The construction work next door also hinders walking up and down the strip as the sidewalk was closed at times causing much crossing over the busy road and extra steps.Also what is it with the people giving out the porn cards on the street .All in I would stay again but would probably wait a while until the construction is finished.	
Mar 1 2009	Great location low-key hotel in middle of action	The Monte Carlo is a great value in a great location. It is safe and clean with nice amenities. It is not as &quot;over-the-top&quot; decor-wise as other Vegas properties. The pool is lovely and suitable for both adults and children. The restaurants provide quality foods appealing to a variety of tastes. The casino is bright and cheerful with a nice range of slots and tables.	
Feb 28 2009 	Hotel Going Down Hill	Third visit to Monte Carlo in 3 years.25th Floor view of Strip. (Non smoking room)'BLOOM' promo purchased.Pros:+ Front desk staff friendly and helpful+ Clean and tidy room, good water flow in shower/bath, soft towels+ Safe, iron and board, hair dryer complimentary + Spa/gym facilities good + Outdoor pool closed, under repair. Patriots were asked to use Bellagio's poolside - nice! Cons:+ Paper thin walls offering loud, various sounds from neighboring rooms and noisy water pipes.+ Dried blood stain on linen + Smell of cigarette smoke in room was strong. It only subsided when air conditioning was put on. It's Feb!+ Amenity mini soap &amp; shampoo was not replenished in our3-day stay.+ Requested extension to check-out time, as we didn't fly until evening. A half an hour was granted, with reason that hotel was full (not true) and cleaning staff was limited (yes).	
Feb 28 2009 	Spa Suite Worth the Upgrade	My husband and I traveled to Vegas recently for a few days away. Upon our arrival we were booked in a standard room. We had requested a King but none were available so we ended up with two double beds. At that time we also upgraded to a Spa Suite for the next two nights. The upgrade was given at a very reasonable price. It was well worth it. The suite was located on the 21st floor. It had a two person jackuzi in the room that was right by the window and overlooking the strip. The bathroom was very large as well. The only negative was we requested a late check-out and was not granted this request although we were told it wouldn't be a problem at check-in. The location of the Monte Carlo is good. It was a little farther down that we would have liked, but still within walking distant to almost everything.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great deal	Spent 2 days of rest and relaxation at the MC. Got a great special that included drinks, fitness center, and buffet all included. Room was fine nothing special. I will say that construction starts early in the morning. Really wasn't that bad I had asked a room away from the construction. I will say that I did have a good time in the casino, the cocktail remember my drink each night which is like old Vegas! Table games were not over priced even on Friday night, played Let it Ride for $5. Check out was great no wait did via TV. I would highly suggest the MC for a quick stay!	
Feb 27 2009 	Eh - average	Stayed at the MC because rooms were comped. I would not stay otherwise. The bedding was flimsy (no comforter, just a thin scratchy blanket with some sheets (like a motel). This is my main gripe. I really like their casino (not too big, not too small), but their rooms are really not up to par with other places.I'll probably stay at other hotels in the future.	
Feb 26 2009 	Decent hotel but north end of strip is much nicer	We hadn't been to Vegas in 5 years. Went to see what was new &amp; exciting. Truth is - not much. Chose the Monte Carlo because they were offering a good Winter Special - decent weekend room rate and a few perks - free buffet, drinks at el Diablo and some other incentives. The hotel was fine - nothing special - but the construction going on around it (the Aria) was ridiculous. Trucks and banging starting at 4 a.m. Noisy!! No TV remote in our room and ill-fitting sheets, hard pillows, soft mattresses. Decent food court with a Starbucks, but the smell of smoke makes it impossible to sit and eat. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet - great selection. Worst part - their location at the south end of the strip is a dump. Vendors on every street corner and people handing out what literally is porn - cards with naked women advertising strip clubs all over the city. Glad we left the kids at home! If you're going to Vegas, stay at the Bellagio or anywhere north of it. The Wynn looked lovely.	
Feb 25 2009 	marvellous hotel	After reading some of the revues on this hotel,we were a bit concerned. But on arrival the staff were marvellous, the reception was really nice.The check in was very quick, before we knew it we were on our way to our rooms. We were on the 24th floor with views over the Strip.The rooms were quite big and nice and clean.The hotel was very central, plenty of places to eat.Lovely casino and shops. Couldn't ask for anything else.The only downfall was the building work going on next door,it didn't bother us but we found the hotel staff worked really hard to keep the place clean.Would definately stay at this hotel again.The only thing is the City Centre that they are building next door hides a lot of the view of the Strip, it is a shame really as it is a lovely hotel,but how long do you stay in your rooms in Vegas.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great time!	Went for a long weekend and had a wonderful time. Great rates and location. Right next to New York New York, so was able to go to the Irish pub and have a great time!	
Feb 20 2009 	Great Comps	We spent a long Valentine's weekend and were very happy with the hotel and it's services. Checked in around noon and got a room immediately. Room was clean and bed comfortable. I am a smoker and did find there wasn't much ventilation to get rid of the smoke. Window opened about 6&quot; but that didn't help much and no exhaust fan in the bathroom. Also thought the bedspreads and carpet were outdated but I didn't expect (or pay the price of) the Wynn. We had a corner room and could still hear hall noise but never heard any construction noise. Shower was amazing. The location is convenient with MGM and New York, New York within close walking distance. Also nice to have Walgreen's and CVS within a block for those forgotten items. Food at the Cafe and the Buffet were both very good. We found casino staff to be very friendly and comps from their Players Club were amazing. All of our food charges were comped ($150+) which was a surprise since we are not big gamblers. We will definitely stay at Monte Carlo again.	
Feb 16 2009 	Perfect Getaway	My boyfriend and I stayed at the MC for the long weekend and we enjoyed it. Check in was a breeze and they gave us a room on a high floor. Not too many people checking in earlier in the afternoon was nice. The room was nice, it was a room with a connecting door but we hardly noticed. Only on one of the three nights we were there did we hear neighbors. View out the windows wasn't the greatest- it was on the construction, but we saw gorgeous sunsets all three nights. No fitted sheets on the beds, but I think that is common in most hotels on the strip. Location was perfect, we walked everywhere we went, never even thought to use the car. Casino didn't have as much traffic as the others so that was nice. Buffet brunch in the morning was great, had a lot of food and great selections. Free margaritas at Diablo's were welcomed and tasty, but when we wanted to eat at 10:30pm on a Sunday night, there kitchen was already closed so we had to go next door to the NYNY. No complaints about the room or anything like that, it was a great location, price, and room for the romantic getaway we were looking for!	
Feb 16 2009 	Monte Carlo Just Fine (if you aren't picky and expecting the Wynn or Bellagio)	We (boyfriend &amp; I) stayed at the Monte Carlo Feb 12-15th for a Valentine's getaway. Check-in was quick, we asked to be located away from the construction going on next door and they happily obliged. The room was standard and fine for us - clean and nice enough. Noise - We did hear construction the first night (a few bangs like they were moving steel) at about 4 am so it probably was very loud if you were on the construction side of the hotel but that was all we heard in 3 nights. We heard our neighbors once but then they were either quiet or never in their room...if you had noisy ones I suppose that could have been a problem but we were lucky. Casino - The casino is a little smokier than others but also a little quieter which was okay with me (we just went to the other hotels... we don't gamble much, maybe 2 hours total the whole trip).Food - We ate at the food court for breakfast the first morning and it was standard Starbucks (yes the prices are a little higher but what do you expect, if you want the cheaper prices you have to leave the hotel and go across the street to that food court - we were willing to pay a couple bucks more for the convenience). The second morning we went to the cafe...the &quot;Ultimate Oatmeal&quot; is good and huge enough for 2 people to easily share (maybe even 3 people) so we both ate for under $12. We had a free buffet and used it for dinner...not impressed with that. The food wasn't BAD but it also wasn't great or exciting (kind of like a college cafeteria level of food instead of a resort buffet level). If you had to pay for it, it wouldn't be worth it...go elsewhere. The pool was closed until March but they told us we can go next door to the Bellagio and use their pool/hot tub (for free). Check out was easy. Housekeeping was nice and I thought they did a fine job. Location is excellent (I was bummed that the tram to the Bellagio is gone because now you have to walk past all the construction to get there but it's still a good location) . Don't expect the Mirage, Bellagio or Wynn - type luxury here, I certainly wouldn't call it Motel 6...it's more a Holiday Inn/Doubletree level hotel. We thought it was a reasonable price, in a good location and a decent hotel.	
Feb 16 2009 	This place is a dump!!!!!!!!	Sink clogged, wallpaper falling off, bathroom filthy, floors dirty, Sheets dirty. What more can I say. This place sucks now. I stayed here a few years ago and it was ok. Now its way worse that a $39 old town hotel.	
Feb 15 2009 	Dirty Room	First day at the hotel - had to asked for the sheets to be change - sheets was dirty. The wornout mattress - was very uncomfortable to sleep on. Had to asked for the floors to be clean. Deluxe Double Rooms &amp; bath is a standard Motel 6 decor. I felt the rooms was overpriced because no extravagant decors - standard 2 star hotel decor.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great Location - Low end hotel	The Montecarlo is in a great location but the hotel is so-so. Beds do not have fitted sheets so you end up sleeping directly on the mattress which is not really hygienic.	
Feb 14 2009 	It was fine for the very discounted rate	We got a &quot;Monaco Suite&quot; package for only $89 per night and we got our money's worth, but I wouldn't pay over $100.00 for the suite.Check-in was rather slow. I counted 15 people in line and only 2 stations open. No indication of where to line up, everyone just sort of bunches up and tries to figure it out.The room was HUGE, and had 2 bathrooms. The very small closet was as far from the main bathroom as it could be. There was a jetted tub that had a shower head above it, but not so much as a single grab bar to hold as I crawled in and out over the high sides of the tub. And I am not short. Huge toilet closet which was a waste of space and easily could have accomodated a shower.Soap dish was not cleaned out while we were there. The first day our towels smelled very scorched, but the 2nd day were replaced with better smelling ones. Toiletries were simple and nice.Old bananas in the refrigerator and a call to housekeeping resulted in only an empty promise to remove them. We tossed them out into the hallway 7 hours after calling (didn't want to stink up our room) when we wanted to use the fridge and someone did manage to pick them up by morning.The bed was comfortable and the construction noise did not bother us at all, but we are very sound sleepers. We did hear the phone ringing next door a few times.Internet service is wired only and costs $15 per day. Very strange, but the connection is by the television and quite far away from the desk. No informational magazines anywhere to be found in the room. That was a first for Vegas.The casino was nice, the dealers were great, but we could not get water from the waitresses. Food at the buffet was very good. Diablos was a fun place and the food above average. The free margarita was &quot;ok&quot; but hey, it was free.I'd stay there again if it was cheap. Location is good, it was easy to walk everywhere we wanted to go and CVS pharmacy is right outside for anything forgotten.	
Feb 11 2009 	Nice Time at the Monte Carlo!	Stayed at the Monte Carlo from Feb 6 to Feb 10, 2009. Nothing but praise for the hotel staff who seem to go out of there way to greet you and make sure everything is okay. Before we left home we asked our rep at WestJet vacations to put a note on our file requesting an upper level room away from the construction next door and we got just that - room 30310 with a lovely view of mountains. Make sure you are not on the construction side of the hotel or you WILL be disturbed by the noise.Our room was a nice size, clean and the maid accomodating - asked for a feather pillow and got it right away - our towels were fluffy and clean and plentiful - the bathroom spotless.Tried the buffet for breakfast and dinner - really good quality food - execellent service - chefs and wait staff very friendly.Casino area smells nice and they try to eliminate the smoke - better than a lot of the other casinos. The music was loud at times in some areas. Waitresses always nearby and happy to serve you. Had some good luck on the Monopoly game and then some bad luck....&lt;smile&gt;.The food court offers some of your favourites, Subway, Starbucks, McDonalds, Sbarro, etc. but for value - you can't beat the buffet.Yes, the Monte Carlo is dated, and there is noisy construction zone next door, but for sheer value you can't beat it. So don't be afraid to give the old girl a try.(Be advised that the Lance Burton Magic show and the Micro Brewery Pub are both closed on Sundays and Mondays.)	
Feb 10 2009 	Wonderful stay at the Monte Carlo	I took my husband to Las Vegas for his 40th Birthday. Since it was his first time to Vegas (my 3rd visit to Vegas, but never stayed at the Monte Carlo) I wanted everything to be perfect. I was very worried after reading the reviews and I had already booked and payed for our stay (with not enough time to change our accommodations). We stayed at the Monte Carlo Feb. 5th-9th 2009 in room 9103 and everything was wonderful! We did ask for a room away from the construction going on next to the MC. The rooms are simple and very clean. No coffee in the room, but there is a Starbucks in the MC. The food court in the MC is very convenient for breakfast, lunch on the go, or late night snack . Checking in and out was fast. The location is great. All of the staff were very nice and never rude. We enjoyed our stay so much at the MC, we will be returning this summer.	
Feb 4 2009 	very nice hotel	I am staying at the monte carlo as we speak and I am quite pleased. My only advise would be to ask for a room on the south side to avoid the construction noise. There is a large hotel going up right next door. There was still some residual noise and the only way to avoid it would be to stay at the luxor or Mandalay Bay which are much further south. Nice clean hotel though, no complaints...	
Feb 3 2009 	Exceeded My Expectations	Due to numerous negative posts about the Monte Carlo I had set my expectations fairly low. However, I was very pleasantly surprised at my stay. The check-in was quick, friendly and accurate, and all the perks of the package I reserved were noted and offered.The room was very, very nice and the bathroom was roomy. Everything was clean and fresh in appearance and smell. The housekeeping staff restocked and refreshed the room very well each day.Yes, there is construction next door and they do work 24 hours a day. But I was never bothered by any noise whatsoever. Occassional banging or a horn were insignificant and would never prevent me from sleeping comfortably. I've got to assume it was more quiet and less bright than the flash of the Strip, had my room faced that direction.I will admit the walls are very thin and a noisy neighbor &quot;could&quot; be a problem very easily. I was fortunate that my neighbors were quiet so no problem there.The food was good at the restaurants and buffet, and even the food court would be great for someone who just wants to spend a couple bucks on food or a soda (even the McDonalds had a few items for $1).Didn't do terribly well on the slots at Monte Carlo, compared to other casinos, but that's Lady Luck, not the establishment so much.Checkout was efficient and accurate.All in all, I would definitely stay at Monte Carlo again. Previous negative reports are helpful but remember that some people only see the bad side of everything. There is definitely very little &quot;bad&quot; about the Monte Carlo so don't be afraid at all.	
