	Good choice off the strip	Stayed in a two bedroom suit with four adults total. Each room had its own bathroom. There were nice 32” flat screen TV’S in each bedroom and one in the living room. Room were clean and looked nice and modern. Hotel staff was helpful and friendly. The free continental breakfast was good. Hotels location was good if you have a car. It is only about a Mile to the strip and there are a lot of choices for dinning and shopping within a mile of the hotel. Would highly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Nov 20 2009 	Near the airport but not near the strip	If you want to be near the airport, this hotel works great. If you want to be near the strip and don't have a car, you'll be disappointed. For me, being near the airport was important, though as mentioned by someone else, Hidden Well Road is hidden well. Thank goodness for GPS. Once you know where it is, it's easy to get to and from. As with all Homewood Suites, the breakfast is good.	
Oct 18 2009 	This is the spot	October in Las Vegas was great – although the sun was still a bit strong, the temperature was perfect. We participated in an outdoor sporting event but we didn’t combust in to ashes like we almost did in August (don’t ask what we were thinking). When we checked in, there were two people working at the lobby hence processing two sets of guests at a time. I wasn’t worried too much about the security issue since I was with two Chippendale types (ok, not exactly) but the staff who processed us (Brady, I think and I believe he is the manager) was alert/cautious/discreet enough not to read out and announce our room number when he gave us the room key there – I was very happy with the hotel from the get go because of that. It turned out Brady is a hardworking (and/or overworking) guy - he was there when we checked in, during our stay, and when we checked out. I hope he is getting paid well. He was doing a great job. We booked a non-smoking, 2 bedrooms/2 baths suite for 3 adults and 3 children. In our room, 245, 2 bedrooms were joined by a small kitchen/dining/living room. There is a full size refrigerator in the kitchen that we packed it with snacks and drinks. The room was also equipped with a coffee maker, a microwave oven and even a toaster, stove and dishwasher. This hotel is not a smoke free hotel but we weren’t bothered by any smoke smell at all. The room windows were at the freeway side and the traffic noise was a bit loud for me; but it was no issue for the rest of the group. The airport noise didn’t bother us at all. The complimentary breakfast was great; it accommodated light to heavy eaters like fruit to burritos. The kitchen staff was efficient and they kept the food well stocked and countertops and tables clean. The swimming pool was heated and the children were very happy dipping in the early nippy morning. This hotel suited and satisfied our trip needs; price, amenity and location. If your Las Vegas stay is mainly non-gaming, this is the spot.	
Oct 8 2009 	Luxury at an affordable price	The property was spotless and comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel was at the airport on Hidden Well Road. We got a laugh out of that because we had a time finding it at first, but it was near Walmart and other stores where basic necessities could be purchased. This hotel is the next best thing to home.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Value!	This is a great airport hotel. It offer great value along with a super efficient free shuttle bus service to and from the airport along with Mandalay Bay. Our room was spacious and clean. The free breakfast in the morning was a pleasant suprise. There were eggs, bacon, waffles, cereal, fruit, &amp; toast (not your usual continental breakfast affair).The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this airport hotel to anyone.	
Sep 29 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Brand new hotel, off the strip but not so far, a plus that they have a shuttle that takes and picks you up from THE MANDALAY BAY. The room decor was really trendy and clean, and the bed was to die for. The kitchen was impressive for a room and had all that one needs.Quiet and spacious room. A yummy breakfast in the morning with good variety (However u have to wake up sorta early to get the best of the layout) Regular pool but very clean, and even though it is 5 min from the airport I slept like a babe and could not hear anything. Will be booking again whenever I go to Vegas again hands down!!!	
Sep 1 2009 	Very close to the airport.	This hotel from what I understand is roughly one year old, the hotel seems very new. The hotel and the area are fairly quiet for the exception of the airport noise. Its located at the exit of the terminal of the aiport so a I imagine wouldnt cost much to get there. I'd like to stress that this hotel is NOT walking distance to anything other than the rental car center which would be about a 5 to 10 minute walk. They do have shuttle service, however it only takes you to mandalay bay and picks up there. Overall Id come back if I wanted value but not convience (not there fault)	
Aug 31 2009 	Poor service bad iron burned blouse and empty promises	During a four-night stay at Homewood Suites Las Vegas, my room was not cleaned -- despite me asking on the third morning to have a thorough cleaning. There were crumbs on the floor, crumbs in the carpet, the toilet seat had the same spot on it for three days, the trash was not emptied, the shower had the same marks on them. I can understand not changing the sheets every day -- but not cleaning the bathroom, when clearly in need, is ridiculous! Especially, when I went to the front desk on the third morning, asking why the room wasn't clean. I was told they only do a thorough cleaning on check out or if requested. I requested it -- still not done. Then, the iron had something burned on it, and it burned a hole in my blouse that went to my favorite suit! The manager assured me herself that I would be reimbursed for the blouse, provided I send a receipt. I sent the receipt -- six weeks later, still not reimsbursement for my blouse. For a $56 blouse, they officially lost a customer. Exactly what is the value that is placed on keeping clients? I guess it's less than $56 -- my worth is offically $55 or less in their eyes. I used to be their biggest fan, staying at Homewood Suites wherever I could....Marriott here I come! If you weren't going to reimburse me for my blouse, don't lie about it! Several calls and conversations later with Jennifer, the manager, with excuses of the check's in the mail, the check must've gotten lost, and I have to stop payment on the first check -- is all lies!	
Aug 23 2009 	I"ve Been Spoiled!!	OK...I loved this place!!!..Here is my review...Short and Sweet...I was traveling alone...leary of many things....I looked and looked and found this hotel online and after reading the reviews I thought I'd sleep on it and decide in the morning.....Well....I'm glad I did! This place had the most spotlessly clean and fresh smelling new rooms you could imagine...The bathroom was just like home...it was designed beautifully. The shower had a shower massage head that felt like a dream!... FULL FORCED WATER!....no little drips that you had to run under to catch and get aggravated with and when all was said and done it felt like you needed a shower!!!...It was a pleasure to fall sleep on a new beautiful clean king size bed!...just like home!...No smoke smell anywhere...Not a drop of noise in the place...any where...Full kitchen...Coffee (or tea) in the morning without having to get dressed and go out!...OMG! Fantastic...Secure building with a very friendly and helpfull staff!... Just one phone call to the front desk and you have the shuttle to take you to the strip!...there's so much more!... I would recomend this hotel to ANYONE who appreciates a home away from home...	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Value	If you are traveling by car to Las Vegas, this hotel can not be beat. It is just south of the Airport (no noise though) and near to a Whole Food Market. The main problem with the Strip hotels is that there is always traffic jams, no matter the time of day and hotel parking is a fair distance from your room, usually meaning a trip via the casino to get to the guest elevators. At Homewood Suites, no traffic jams and parking is simple, right outside the door. The one bedroom suite has a kitchenette and living area. The breakfast is the usual fair, during the week they do provide evening meals, but we did not sample them. All in all, if you have transport, this hotel provides all that you need at a very reasonable cost.	
Jun 14 2009 	Nice Place but unhappy with service	Our family of 6 stayed for one night at the end of a trip outside the US. The property is very nice but we were not happy with the service. Half-way through the designated breakfast time, much of the food ran out....excuse was that they didn't expect to be so busy. That excuse is not acceptable. Next issue is that before going to breakfast we took our bags to the car, leaving only a couple of items in the room, including some medication that is taken after eating. The maid was not on the floor when we left the room. While we were out the room was cleaned...even though we had not checked out. The maid put the few items that we left on the bathroom vanity into a bag and had it on her cart, however the medication was gone. It had been thrown away. This action was also not acceptable. This is a nice place but does not appear to have good management. For that reason we do not recommend this property	
Apr 23 2009 	Fabulous comfort and value.	We stayed one night here in the middle of our trip and were pleasantly surprised. The suites were large, the furnishings excellent and the beds the most comfortable of our entire trip. OK, you don't get the service of the top hotels but for the price it's hard to beat. The complimentary breakfast was great, and they offer a shuttle service to the strip, which makes up for the location. Highly recommended.	
Mar 20 2009 	Nice inside but too far from the conventions and taxi costs too much!	We had the two room suite #210, small kitchenette, fair living area, rooms are nice with standard tub with shower, good ac/heat, rooms with ceiling fans (helps), four of us.Beds are very soft and pillows not for me...bring your own....others in my group had no problem.Their continental breakfast...hummmm...well lets say stick to the coffee unless you have a strong stomach. Not much in the way of a store at the front desk.Taxi rides to Sands convention center averaged $25.00 (with tip) each way, car rental for four days cost us $285.00, well worth it (Hertz). The hotel is not well known so make sure you have the address when you leave to give to the next taxi driver to get back.	
Mar 6 2009 	Wonderful new hotel	This is a new hotel near the airport. The noise from the planes is almost non-existant and never did keep us awake or wake us up in the morning. The beds are super comfy. The shower is very nice. The bathroom amenities are 1st rate...Didn't use the kitchen at all but every thing was there if needed. Big LCD flat screen TV. Ok sofa and chair..Free breakfast was this side of yucky and the coffee provided in the room wasn't much better. I saw many families with small kids eating like it was their final meal, so be forwarned. The breakfast room is very small and you have to walk through it to get out of the hotel if you're in the back building. If you're going there to 'chow down' you'll be disappointed but if you want a good nights sleep you'll be in the right place. Close to the airport with a free shuttle. Great location if you need to catch an early flight or arrive very late at night. We arrived at 1am and had no trouble checking in. Front desk is very helpful and friendly.	
Dec 27 2008 	fantastic	It is a great place for business trip and family. The internet is free. The complimentary breakfast is the best I had. The also provide free shuttle bus to the airport. This hotel is brand new. The bed is a real king size one. The prize is very reasonable. We all like it!	
Dec 26 2008 	Home Home on the plain	Homewood Suites by Hilton, Las Vegas, Hidden Wells Rd - To do Vegas right on a budget [ what? you don't have $2000 to drop on slots? me neither ] I always get a car and do the casino crawl during the day, retreat to a quiet suite here for a swim, food and rest, then back out at night. In three days you will be broke and exhausted. Mission Accomplished. Homewood Suites near the airport is an excellent choice for smart travelers who want to avoid the noisy drunks at the casino resorts. I got a studio suite 12/21/08 with full kitchen for $86 by calling direct. You can avoid the crowds, avoid the smoke, cigar smells, avoid the hideous cologne soaked hillbillies and avoid the late night hallway shenanigans that keep you awake in casino rooms. This place has free shuttle from airport - but you get your rent-a-car right across the street in the new Mega Car Rental Universe. Free shuttle to Mandalay Bay. The buffett B'fast is OK. The full kitchen will do just fine after a stop at Safeway and you can get local restaurant delivery. Fitness room to burn off the pizza-tostados. Get a room away from noisy elevator. Two bedroom suites are great for families, or just for that 'executive' lifestyle at a great price. Click on 'hotel by name' in a package deal search.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great for Large Families	This hotel was a great bargain. Our family of six adults and three children stayed comfortably in the two bedroom suite for only $151.00 a night. There were two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living room with pull-out sofa, a kitchenette and three T.V.s! You can see the Strip but are away from the noise. The hotel offers an hourly shuttle to Mandalay Bay. There is a Whole Foods and an open-air mall nearby. They offer a hearty free breakfast and have a small convenience store near reception. An extensive selection of take-out food can be delivered to your room. I am glad to have found this place. It seems all other &quot;suites&quot; hotels are really one bedroom and a living room. This was actually two bedrooms and a living room. Everything still smelled new. I hope their prices stay reasonable.	
Oct 28 2008 	Comfortable and Quiet -- Yet Close to the Action	This hotel is a wonderful place to stay if you want to get a good night's sleep in Vegas - but still be close to all the hubbub during the day! Rooms are reasonably priced, new -- clean and spacious.The staff is very helpful and friendly. We were thrilled to find out that they have a shuttle that takes you to the airport or to the Mandalay Bay Hotel. You can get everywhere from there by walking, taking the tram or Monorail system. Taxis are available, but you have to wait forever and they are not cheap.We loved the free breakfast -- lots of variety.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 21 2008 	Loved This Hotel!!!!!	We loved the Homewood Suites - we checked out of the Tropicana - after staying for 1 hour because we were so disgusted and booked at the Homewood. The rooms were so clean and nice and with the two bedroom suite - we had everything we needed. We parked close to our room and had a full kitchen and everything else we would need. The breakfast was great, waffles, fruit, bacon, eggs, cereal, etc. We would definitely stay here again. It was very close to the rental car return so it was easy to get there in the morning when we were leaving Las Vegas. This hotel is one that we will definitely look at next time we travel.	
Sep 15 2008	Brand New 	We stayed at this beautiful and new (opened 4 months ago) hotel in Sept. on a return trip from Utah. We booked a 2 bdrm/2 bath suite. It was gorgeous! One bedroom had a king size bed and the other bedroom had 2 double beds. There were sleeping pillows galore on the bed from which to choose from. The bathrooms had tub/shower combinations and a toilet with a door separating it from the vanity area. Neutrogena soap and lotion products were provided along with hair dryers (the hair dryers also had nightlights under them so you could have a bit of light at night). There were tv's in both bedrooms.The kitchen/living area separated the 2 bedrooms. The kitchen had a 2 burner stove, full size refrigerator, coffee maker, toaster, dishwasher, dishes and microwave. They provided 2 pods of regular &amp; decaf coffee for the coffee maker (most hotels only give you 1). The kitchen also had a beautiful granite countertop. There was a small sofa, ottoman and tv in the living area.The breakfast in the morning consisted of eggs, bacon, potatoes, cereal, waffles, fresh fruit, yogurt, toast &amp; bagels, along with several types of teas and coffees. Real plates, cups and silverware were provided (no plastic). The breakfast area was large and not overly crowded when we were there (and this was a Saturday). They provide shuttle service to the airport, but do not pick up from there. They also provide shuttle service at the bottom of the hour to Mandalay Bay hotel. I think you have to call them when you want to be picked up if you are the only ones going. The front desk personnel were very friendly and helpful. We would love to stay there again.	
Aug 7 2008 	Brand New Homewood	Our second stay in a Homewood didn't compare to our first stay, but it still was nice. The &quot;dinner&quot; here was anemic and disappointing, mini burritos and chips with salsa, really more of an afternoon snack, certainly not like the other Homewood I stayed at which had a real dinner. Breakfast was ok, certainly not up to the standard at the other Homewood either - tasteless scrambled eggs, dry sausage and cold amenities/pastries.This place was brand new. So new I wondered if anyone had stayed in our suite at all. Some lamps weren't plugged in and our hot water didn't work at first, the maintenance guy had to come and &quot;fix it&quot; somehow. We stayed in a 2 bedroom/2 bath suite (with sofabed and 3 TVs!) for only $150 which was awesome - full kitchen too. Certainly bigger than anything else you could ever have in Vegas for that price. The location itself is hard to find and away from everything else, really quite isolated - although it is obviously in a flight path of the airport. Still, I found it very quiet, just what we needed on the last night of our trip. My main complaint is that they need to work on their food and presentation. I'd rather have less choices which were high quality, than more stuff that was subpar. Certainly not the quality I've come to expect from Hilton hotels.	
Jul 24 2008 	great new hotel but one problem...	Greetings,Stayed at this hotel right next to las vegas airport on July 22nd.Very nice hotel, this is obviously some brand new construction. the rooms are super clean, and all have full kitchen equipment and a small living room area with sofa and tv. It is really well located for people that need to catch an early flight from las vegas mccarran airport and this hotel provides a shuttle service to the airport for free.So everything positive, except for one major problem. The noise. We had a room facing the hidden well street. The street itself is not noisy, the issue is that right next to hidden well street is a major highway (15 or 515) underpass and basically it was impossible for me to sleep during the whole night with this constant strong noise. The other members of the family apparently managed to sleep somehow decently, but if you are a traveller like myself that is sensitive to outside noise, than you may be in trouble.So bring ear plugs and/or make sure you get a room not facing the hidden well road and perhaps you will be ok./family from montreal, canada	
Jun 13 2008	Great non-gaming extended stay	While I had reservations about staying someplace that just opened its doors, this place was ready for business. Located just south of the Mandalay Bay Hotel and east of Las Vegas Blvd, just a couple of blocks fromt the airport car rental center, this place great. The rooms were top notch, the breakfast and evening fare were great and the staff very helpful. A non-gaming property with no casino nearby, this is a great place to stay if you are not a gambler or prefer not to stay in a gaming hotel. All rooms have a small kitchen. Although I didn't use the pool, it looked inviting, but it didin't appear that you could do much tanning during the day, except at high noon, as the pool is located in an area surrounded by the hotel building. As I said before, this place is new, very little noise from the traffic or airplaines. This place is very similar to the same property located in Henderson, NV.	
