	We'll Be Back!!!!	We stayed a whole week over the Thanksgiving Holiday and loved every minute of it. Our room was the cleanest and freshest of any hotel we have stayed in. The sheets very comfortable and a choice of pillows, either soft or firm. The view was not the greatest, but we didn't spend too much time looking out the window. Each morning we enjoyed the breakfat buffet and gathered round the craps table ($3.00 minimum, great) before it got too crowded. At first, we complained to each other that the slots were too tight, but our last night there and the morning we left, we both won. The staff is so friendly and helpful so you don't mind asking dumb questions. The room was so big, when we arrived, my husband asked me if I booked a suite. The location was convenient for us because our daughter and family live close by and we were able to forego a rental car. We took the shuttle to the strip one day and that was hassle-free. Life is good at the Suncoast Hotel and Casino.	
Nov 20 2009 	We had a great time here and would go again anytime.	We are budget travelers who love a good deal. This was a very affordable price for us ($50 for a weekend was the cheapest decent place we found in Vegas through an online search). But despite the lowest price tag, we were very impressed. The rooms are fantastic, extremely spacious, and gave us the impression we were paying much more money (I even double checked later with the cashier!). Their website said their rooms have floor to ceiling windows, though we weren't expecting much. But they were right; the entire side is all window! Sure we didn't have the greatest view, but it made for a VERY bright room. We aren't big gamblers, so we can't comment on the games, but everything seemed to be available. They have an enormous sports betting lounge, and even a bowling alley. Everyone we dealt with was very friendly, from the clerk who gave us a couple free drink and food coupons to the cocktail waitresses. One thing to note: we may have just had a good night, but the drink service was BY FAR the quickest we have had in recent times. Very impressive!This casino is NOT on the strip, but they do offer shuttle services to and from, so if you want to spend just an evening there like we did, it's perfect.Cons are the confusing location of the elevator and the fact that registration is right in the heart of the casino. But that is only an issue when you first arrive and bring your bags in. After you know where everything is, that location is convenient.All in all, it's great value that will leave you thinking you'd just spent more.	
Nov 14 2009	perfect for its purpose	Stayed with my dad at this hotel. Really it is perfect if you don't feel the need to be at the strip everyday. I went there to gamble and relax. The limits are usually smaller then if you were to play on the strip. Lots of Video Poker for a nickel if you wanted. They also had craps for $3.00 minimum during the day. They do offer a courtesy shuttle that will take you to the strip. It takes you to the Tropicana if you want to hang out at the strip, and it will also take you to the airport. Rooms are adequate. Food is priced fairly and workers are very nice. The only thing I didn't like was the pool. Although the pool itself was fine, the way it is set up is that the sun doesn't hit the pool area until afternoon time. There were a couple of days I went out early and was freezing so I would hang out in the whirlpool to warm myself up. Really overall I would recommend this place.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great Place to stay	We stayed at the Suncoast for 3 nights last week &amp; it was a delightful place to stay. Our room was on the 7th floor overlooking the golf course &amp; a beautiful view. In fact we were in a mini suite &amp; it was a lovely room, The bed was very comfortable. We only ate at the buffet but the food was very good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that really does not want to stay on the strip as it is quite a ways from it. The casino is very comfortable &amp; one thing we enjoyed it is not a smoke pit like some casino's are. We enjoyed playing there as well. We plan on returning soon.	
Nov 9 2009 	For the price...WOW!	Truly a magnificent hotel. Beautiful, spacious rooms; massive bathrooms. Not anywhere near the strip, but if you are a hiker/climber, this a great location to access the Red Rock Canyon/Spring Mountain Recreation areas. Would go back in a heartbeat. Stay away from the tight slots though.	
Nov 7 2009 	Everything but sun.....	My husband and I went to Las Vegas at the end of October for a quick getaway before heading on to Zion and Bryce National Parks. All in all, the Suncoast met all of our needs. We liked being off the strip. The rooms are exceptionally nice with huge glass windows overlooking the golf course. The low key casino was great for us as we are not big gamblers. The buffet breakfast was inexpensive and had excellent food. There was only one problem with the hotel. The location of the swimming pool during the fall season results in a serious shortage of sunshine as it is located behind the resort and is blocked by it when the sun is low. It is in the shadows until later in the afternoon. We had beautiful weather but could not lay out by the pool. It is something I wish I would have known before we booked. Just to note, my husband went to the Suncoast during the summer previously and enjoyed ample sunshine at the pool during the day so it appears to be just a seasonal issue. That being said, it is still a great place with friendly people and we would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Pleasant and comfortable	After visiting the Suncoast last year for dinner and a bit of gambling while visiting friends in Summerlin, we decided to stay here for two weeknights in September as part of a West Coast trip. It was very convenient for what we wanted as neither of us are big gamblers and were not interested in being on the Strip since were were not there for entertainment or shopping. The room were big and clean with a comfortable king size bed. Included in the rate of $55 was a breakfast and dinner buffet. Breakfast was pretty good with numerous choices; we did not have a chance to take advantage of the dinner but did have late night drinks and appetizers at the TGI Fridays there at the happy hour rate. There is a nice pool with a grassy lounging area, however, the sun does not appear on that side of the building until mid afternoon so it was a bit cool until then. There is also a outdoor hot tub up the stairs from the pool area which felt good after the pool.Staff were pleasant and helpful.I would definitely stay here again when in the area.	
Oct 25 2009 	Loved the suncoast	Stayed here for 3 nights in september, really loved this hotel, about 10 miles from the vegas strip, but would sooner be in this area then the strip, it's quite small compared to those big strip hotels, but that suited us better, the staff are very friendly, and the rooms are lovely and spacious, the pool area is small but never overcrowded. The area is very nice with plenty of shops &amp; restuarants nearby. The casino is small &amp; friendly other reviews comment about the smoke in the casino but we didn,t find it that bad &amp; we are non smokers.Check in was a breeze &amp; to get a box of chocolates each, I thought that was a lovely touch.I would certainly choose this hotel again if we were ever in the vegas area.	
Oct 21 2009 	Hotel and Casino in Summerlin	The Sun Coast is the host hotel for the USTA Women's 4.0 Nationals tennis championships in Las Vegas. I would not recommend this hotel for the following reasons: Pool doesn't get sun until 5 PM. &quot;High End&quot; Steak House on site has really mediocre food. Smoke in the casino- which you have to walk through to reach the elevator to the hotel rooms- is ridiculous. Sun Coast really needs to update their rooms and the ventilation system in the Hotel. If my team ever makes it to Nationals again, I will strongly advocate staying at the Marriott located directly across the golf course. 	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice place all services are extra and premium priced however	Suncoast is a nice place to stay in the residential area way way off the strip. I went there on business, so sightseeing wasn't on my agenda so this was fine with me. Rooms are roomy and cozy, comfortable pillowtop mattresses. The A/C was weak being a small central unit in the wall rather than the typical large boxes most hotels have by the window. On the third day, noticed that both the sink and the shower clogged. When I was done with my shower, I was standing in a foot of water. The sink never was stayed clogged after brushing my teeth. Nice huge flatscreen TV, although I barely spent any time watching any TV.Wireless internet is available but unfortunately not free. The cell reception around the hotel is spotty for my carrier (Tmobile) as I noticed at times that my coverage would at times just drop and I couldn't make calls at random places in the hotel. I was talking to a friend that lives in Las Vegas who said that nothing in hotels there are free anymore, so maybe that's just for granted. I noticed that postage stamps for letters cost $1 each, which just seemed ridiculous to me.Aside from all that, the rate I got was reasonable and the room was clean. Bathroom was very wide open for a hotel. Good place to sleep and stay for business.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice rooms but casino environment	We stayed at Suncoast to see friends who lived nearby. I have two school aged children, and the casino part of the hotel was unavoidable because it is located on the first floor. The rooms were clean and relatively large with a spacious bathroom. I was worried that our non-smoking room would smell of cigarette smoke but it did not. In-house restaurants okay but pricey. The pool was nice for the kids to go out for a swim but there is no shade.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great place to stay away from the hectic Strip	We stayed at the Suncoast for 3 nights in September and enjoyed it very much. The hotel is off the beaten track (about 15 minutes drive to all the major action) but offers a slightly more sedate alternative to the Strip or downtown Las Vegas. The rooms are huge, as are the beds and are immaculately clean and comfortable. I’m not much of a gambler so the Casino’s abundance of 1 cent machines was of great appeal! On check in we were given complimentary chocolates and a BOGOF voucher for drinks at the onsite TGI Fridays which was a nice touch. The hotel has all the usual Vegas style facilities; cinema, bowling alley, pool etc. I didn’t sample any of the nightly entertainment in the show longue but from the posters it seemed to be of the pretty cheesy variety. The Suncoast is nothing overly special or spectacular (particularly in the ‘Vegas’ scheme of things) but it does offer great value and comfort at a very reasonable price.	
Aug 3 2009 	Nice visit	Stayed off the strip to avoid the party weekend. The hotel was nice and clean. We had the 2 bedroom penthouse and it was nice and clean. The casino was nice but could use more table games. I like let-it-ride and 4 card poker and more of those types of games. The only other thing other than blackjack was 3 card poker. The pool is very small with a very small hot tub. I would feel wierd if another guy was in it and I went in. Its that small. Would never stay again but will gamble there. If clean is what your looking for its very clean. That says a lot because Vegas is going down hill quick as far as hotels being clean. We left southpoint because of bugs and we weren't happy with the 2 bedroom penthose at the mirage. Mirage was a shocker how dirty the room looked. The best thing I can say the casino is nice and the room was clean.	
Jul 11 2009 	Want to stay off the Strip?	If you are tired of the hustle &amp; bustle of staying on the strip, along with the heat and the crowds, try the Suncoast in Summerlin. It is an upscale neighborhood about 20 minutes northwest of the strip. Rooms were huge and clean, with everything one could want.It's not a high roller or high class kind of place, but it has loads of penny slots; perfect for fun. The added daily tax is only $5, as opposed to $15 at other resorts like the Red Rock. Food is fresh and good at the daily breakfast buffet. You can't beat the $7 price either. Just 45 minutes north is beautiful Mount Charleston, for a cool alternative to gambling.Also, the Red Rock Canyon is 20 minutes to the west for another outdoor adventure.	
Jul 9 2009 	Amazing Hotel Keep Going Back.	The Suncoast is a great hotel. It has all the amenities you would expect from a hotel in Vegas, a large casino, a bowling alley, a movie theatre, many restaurants, a spectacular pool, and so much more. They have free shuttle service to and from the strip, and the only complaint is that I wish it ran later, as last pick up is midnight on weekdays and 1AM on weekends, and sometimes that is just TOO early! The rooms are spectacular for the price, they are very big, and much bigger than most regular rooms on the strip. The service is great, the community around the hotel is fabulous, a really beautiful are of the city. The location is great, only a minute from the interstate, a few minutes to the outlet mall, and a few more minutes to the strip. If you are looking for an alternative to staying on the strip pick the Suncoast, you will not be disappointed.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great rooms and value for money	Our stay was fantastic, great hotel with fantastic amenities on site. All staff where extremely helpful and the pool facilities and view was superb. My only fault would be the lack of friendlyness and organisation of the Poker Room, someone needs to have a serious looking into how it is runand improve greatly.	
May 25 2009 	A late review	We stayed there for 2 nights in December and really enjoyed it. We had a king-bed room and it was very large, and very clean. The bathroom area was nice also. The view from the room is outstanding. We did not notice the smell of smoking in the hallways - maybe our floor was non-smoking. The lady at the check-in was very helpful - no complaint there.There is some smell of smoke in the casino. But I would expect this, after all the whole casino is a smoking area. But the air is definately better than in the older places on the Strip or in Downtown casinos. It's a great place to stay if you want to play golf and there is also a shopping center (Boca Park) close by.	
May 20 2009 	If it was a little cheaper it would be amazing	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this place is much better than average.The rooms and bathrooms are fantastic. Really big, and nice quality. I had a great view of the adjacent golf course.This place is in the middle of the golf resort community in Vegas. So it's in a great neighborhood, but It's a good drive to the strip.Food options are excellent, with a great, reasonably-priced buffet and a T.G.I.Friday's among other things. I got a $20 food credit when I checked in.The pool is not over the top, but still has a Roman feel to it, with majestic stairs leading to it.You get a free pass to the very good gym.You can't go wrong staying here.	
May 12 2009 	Clean and great location to near my family	I choose this hotel because it's with 5 miles of my parents house in Sumerlin. The location is also excellent because it's with a mile or 2 of Red Rock Hotel and Casino. However, there was no need for me to go to Red Rock because I found everything I needed at Suncoast. I thought the rooms were clean, and the casino was clean. They also offered shuttle service, but only twice a day. So I got into the airport, and had to wait over an hour, because they have set times. I did call ahead and requested pickup service. Also on my return flight, I was there 3 hours early, because again of the set times of the shuttle. That was the only down fall. I think they should schedule it based on arrival times of those requesting service ahead of time. Maybe they do? Because the return back to the airport was a full shuttle! Also, I thought the restaurants were very good too.. I enjoyed my stay and will stay again as long as the rooms remain clean!	
May 3 2009 	I needed "someone to be nice to me" everyone at the Suncoast exceeded my needs. You are the best !!!!!	I had a flood in my home on March 23, 2009. The first week was spent dealing with airplane fans to dry my condo out for a week and sleeping in a fetal position on a small couch. The second week was learning about insurance, construction, estimates, bids and coordinating the process. Of course no one wanted to make the first decision until I started to weep.(Who knew that would work, if there is a next time, I will weep sooner.)I moved into the Rio from April 9th to April 19th. OMG, talk about draining whatever energies I had left. I felt that every time I either came or went, I was assaulted by the music (?), the heaviness, no one made eye contact and a common employee response was &quot;Well, yeah&quot;. My stay was extended by the insurance co. The Rio was booked solid for the 19th. I was unhappy about having to move again. I negotiated for the Suncoast, I admit I was apprehensive, because of the Rio. Much to my surprise, you were ALL nice to me. I could not believe it. I was treated with respect, dignity, warm welcomes and a smile by each and every person I encountered. From Valet, to Bell, to Front Desk, to Coffee Shop, to Maid Service, to Room Service, to Show Room, to Gift Shop, to Ice Cream Parlor, to Cashier, to Security, to Coordinator, to Painter, to Chef, who made sure I did not receive any wheat, a gentleman named Jay, who helped me at the pool and anyone else I forgot to mention. I felt as if I had come from the pits of despair to warmth, caring and comfort. Oh, the View is incredible. I loved coming &quot;home&quot; to this incredible view. I wish everyone on your staff can have this experience at least once in their lives. (I mean the Suncoast experience-not the flood). Today is May 3rd, I get to go home (condo) tomorrow. I actually went grocery shopping today and loved it (?).Thank you, Thank you, Thank youWith Gratitude and Blessings,Josephine ForresterRoom 815	
Apr 19 2009 	We needed a place to stay while looking for a home.	Would I stay here agian You bet I would. We had a poor start. Problem getting our valets attention. No baggage person was there. We wanted a smoking room and got a non smoking room. HOWEVER! The next day everything was made right. I can't say enough good things about the staff. I am very picky and the room was CLEAN and the beds wow very nice. Amanda and Amy where our valet's the next morn. What team work everyone should have a team like these two. Gambling there was nice , every night we won as much as we lost. Great location if you need a place while house hunting, in the northwest. By the way we did get a house: ) Price was great we got a 2 for 1 deal. I forgot the view was to die for.	
Mar 20 2009 	Older Review but may prove helpful	My husband and I stayed at this hotel/casino for the location and the ample room size. We were not coming to Vegas to gamble or enjoy this hotel for the casino purposes; we used it meerly for accommodations. The regular rooms are a good size well over 400 sq. feet and a good price for Vegas. This hotel/casino is off the strip and closer to Red Rocks. If you want to go downtown it is a short drive with your rental. Suncoast does provide shuttle service downtown and back as well. We chose this due to our rock climbing event at Red Rocks Redezvous. If you are going hiking, climbing, or in for the outdoor adventure... you may want to check this place out. We loved the size of the room. The beds were very comfortable, the bathrooms were a great size (double sink if I remember correctly), the pool was nice, and the staff were very accommodating. The staff even kept a straight face when we would leave every morning walking through the casino packs and gear slung on our backs... only to return filthy and wore out at night! We loved that they treated us just as they would their high limit players. If you are going to gamble... The rating system the casino uses is pretty tight and you will not build up comps quickly. The high limit slots are not quite as expansive or desireable as other places. We liked the poker room, and it seemed to have a good bunch of players all thorough the day. If you stay at this hotel (more than likely) you will run into an older crowd. It is not the place to be and be seen. The shows are good and they do their best to book name acts. If you are looking for a nice, friendly, family, inexpensive place to stay, you would do well to stay here. We had a great view of Red Rocks and a beautiful golf course. I think the golf course is top notch also. They have a movie theatre, an arcade, and a bowling alley in the hotel. I think it is also near the outlet malls. The only drawback was in the &quot;regular rooms&quot;, they did not have a coffee maker or fridge... and remember...it is a casino...so if you are not &quot;playing&quot; you are &quot;paying&quot; for drinks, coffee, and even soda. The deluxe rooms now have a fridge and etc. I would recommend this place to others and would stay here agian.	
Mar 20 2009 	Off the Strip - Great Views-Nice Room	Very large guest rooms, Had a view of the Red Rock Mountains and adj. Golf Course. The decor in the rooms was a little dated, but still comfortable. Flat Screen TV &amp; Fridge in room, Fairly large bathroom as well. Stayed only one night, and it was a comfortable stay. Note - Hotel is off the strip - In a Very Nice neighborhood (Summerlin), about 15-20 min's or so from the main part of Las Vegas Blvd, Hotel does offer shuttle service to the strip.	
Feb 23 2009 	Hard to beat for value	Stayed here for 5 nights, off the strip but courtesy bus every few hours takes you in. Went in to the strip each day and most evenings, very pleased we stayed off strip as not sure we would have slept too well there- can be noisy! If we had to do it again would probably stay on the strip for a couple of nights then go back to the Suncoast - mainly because the courtesy bus times do not fit in too well with having a meal and going to a show, taxis quite expensive (unless we were unlucky and picked a rip off merchant).Rooms large &amp; comfortable, smallish casino, enjoyed the food, breakfasts not included but very reasonable prices and very good. Nice pool area, pool itself modest in size.Las Vegas - what can I say - we loved it - totally over the top. Was sad Star Trek in Hilton closed down now (gives away my age I guess), Bellagio, Little Venice, New York New York etc all well worth seeing. Stratosphere rides look terrifying but area it is in seems a bit downmarket and seedy. On the strip itself do not acknowledge the people smacking cards in their hands unless you want a referral to a 'working lady' - even though you see cars going around with billboards for the same - apparently prostitution is legal in parts of Nevada - but not Las Vegas.	
Feb 20 2009 	Good value away from strip but nice rooms	If you're looking for a decent room in vegas, Suncoast is a good bet. The room was VERY spacious, and the bathroom very nice. The room was clean, the bedding was decent. The mattresses aren't bad, but not top notch either, a touch hard for our liking. The casino was so smokey, I couldn't deal with it, so I did no gambling at all. The buffet dinner was just OK, not really worth $13. I only paid $37 (including resort fee of $5), so it was definately a good value. You will need a car if you stay here.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great meeting facility	I stayed her while coordinating a class in one of the hotel's meeting rooms. As the meeting planner, I was upgraded to a wonderful room on the 10th floor. It had a bar, living room, dining area, large separate bedroom and a huge bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and a huge shower. The bed was very comfortable. The meeting facility is very well run, and worth consideration if you have an event. While there is a large selection of restaurants in the casino, I only patronized two: The Cafe Sienna served up a decent, inexpensive early bird breakfast special. The Bagel Cafe Express has pretty good sandwiches, although they seemed a bit pricey. Otherwise, I preferred to get out and eat somewhere else. Across the street are a Cheesecake Factory and a Gordon Biersch Brewpub that are both great places to eat.	
Jan 22 2009 	What a pleasant surprise!	Two of the reviews listed when we booked were very critical about everything -- the food, the casino, trash in hallways, hard beds, etc. I was hesitant to make a reservation but the price was such a bargain and we were only going to be there there for two days. I'm so glad I did! We thought everything was superb. Our standard room was beautiful, and the bathroom was to die for. Two sinks, a separate tub/toilet room with a phone, no less. We had coffee in the morning, a newspaper at our door, a safe for our valuables and all for a special price of $30 per night (Mon and Tues). It was easily a $125 - $150 per night room. Very clean and fresh smelling. The beds were firm and the pillows were foam, but we happened to like that. We have eaten at the Casino Buffets all over town (we spend the winter here) and we think Sun Coast's is the best of the lot. We hope you will enjoy your stay as much as we did ours. We will definitely return soon.	
Jan 21 2009 	cleangood value for money	booked 2 king rooms week before we went....(had already booked trip with flights before) just needed a one night stay somewhere......rooms large,getting a little old but very clean,breakfast buffet very good value at $6.95 each,coffee,tea,fruit juices etc included...bowling alleys good fungood for a one night stay,little too far out from the stripbut for only $20 per room,(and resort fare of $5)..very good value	
Jan 15 2009 	Suncoast has everything right there	My wife and I shopped for cheap hotels west of the strip to visit my father. We found a bargain at Suncoast!$ Saving Tip: Visit suncoastcasino.com directly for last minute pricing if you are booking less than a month in advance--we saved 30% off of online booking agents' prices (hotline.com, lasvegas.com). Of course, I don't know if they always offer last-minute bargains, so you should still compare prices.The place is a long way from the strip and downtown. They do have a shuttle, but I opted for a rental car as we had family to visit in the area. The free self-park requires a walk through the casino; they have an inexpensive valet service that we used the final day.I was surprised how self-sufficient the hotel is. It has a bowling alley, movie theater, several dining establishments, coffee house, slots, large sports book, table games, a poker room, pool, spa, and an evening show for (at the time) $25. The restaraunts were all affordable; although the food was nothing to write home about. The service staff were more typical of a roadhouse grill than a polished spot on the strip. They were pleasant but don't expect them to bow to your every whim. Room service pricing was reasonable--not a rip off.I spent one fun weeknight playing 1/2 NL Hold'em, ordering free shots of Patron, and gabbing with a bunch of locals at the table. It was much more casual than the nail-biting poker on the strip. We finally called it quits at 9am!The room was large and clean. it wasn't a suite--just a wide room. We had enough floor space in the middle to do aerobics! For those with kids, plenty of space for a rollaway or two. The size of the TV was disappointing (24 inch?). It has a good sized bath and plenty of closet and drawer space.It think this would be a great family destination or a good change-of-pace from the glitz of the strip. I would describe Suncoast as a hometown experience.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great value - clean and quiet	Booked Suncoast as a bargain hotel during prime trade show times and was pleasantly surprised at the value. The hotel casino was quite small, which was great as I'm not a gambler. This meant not having long walks to get to the front desk, the buffet, the room, the front doors, etc. The room was HUGE, clean and quiet. Older furnishings, but still decent. Did have a fridge, which is not listed on the website. Big plazma TV on the wall was also nice. Nice clean bathroom with lots of room, towels, etc.Valet service was FREE! Very convenient and quick, pleasant staff.Buffet, dining room, and room service food was decent and reasonable. Not spectacular but still worth it. Nothing to complain about at all.Plenty of other services, incuding a movie theatre, ice cream parlor, bowling alley, TGI Friday's, etc. which was again very convenient.The only negative some will find is its location, as it's 20 minutes by car to the Las Vegas Strip and convention centers. This is NOT a central located hotel, but if you don't mind a convenient drive, this is definitely worth staying at. Better than anything else I have stayed in Las Vegas or Henderson in this price range. Certainly well worth it!	
Jan 8 2009 	Huge Rooms A little Old but Good Value	We were driving to St George, Utah and back from Los Angeles to deal with some estate issues of my husband's late mother, so were not in Vegas to gamble at all, just wanted somewhere that was clean and pleasant and that had a gym and pool. Suncoast fit the bill perfectly, the hallways and casino were rather smoky but not the room. It was huge nearly as big as our Manhattan apartment it was at least 500 sq ft., beautiful floor to ceiling windows , couch, table and a desk, more like a junior suite. Far from the strip, if that is what you come to Vegas for then this would not be a good bet for you, but if you are here for business or family then go right ahead.	
Jan 7 2009	Great Place off of strip	This is the second time we have stayed here. Great value, beautiful views. Decor is dated but clean and in great condition. Rooms are very large.Price is right. All staff are friendly and polite. Many ammenities in the hotel ie movie theatre, bowling, wide variety of restaurants. Could use more then one doorman as he was very overworked. We have stayed at the Red Rock and found the value and size of the rooms much better at the Suncoast. In response to a previously negative review we did have an alarm clock in the room. If you are not able to set the clock yourself I am sure any of the friendly staff would have tried to help you.	
Dec 21 2008 	Good price but not great for business purposes	I recently stayed at the Suncoast while on business in Las Vegas. The hotel is located in Summerlin, about 20 minutes from the Strip. My room was large and well maintained. It had a great view of the valley. I had read quite a few complaints about the beds at this hotel but I found that, while it was very firm, my bed was comfortable. As reported, there is no choice of pillows. There was a large plasma TV in the room as well as a refrigerator. TV channel selection was very limited. The bathroom was large with great water pressure. Housekeeping kept my room is good shape.The casino is the focal point of the hotel. You have to drag your luggage through it to get to the elevator, which I find very inconvenient. It was also very smokey, so much so that I could only stand it for short periods of time. There are several restaurants in the facility. I had dinner in both Salvatore's and SC Prime and both were good but not great. Since I was traveling for business, I left the hotel fairly early. I found that breakfast was a problem. The buffet did not open until 8 a.m. and the bagel cafe didn't open until 8:30 a.m. This left a small coffee shop in the lobby that served a small selection of pastry. A muffin and OJ was about $7. If you need the internet, plan on spending an additional $13 per day.If you're looking for an &quot;off strip&quot; hotel for a reasonable price and you want to gamble, this may be a good option. If you need business services (like breakfast in the morning) and want to be close to Las Vegas attractions, I'd look elsewhere.	
Dec 17 2008 	Suncoast Sucks	I thought this hotel was awful. The first problem I had was when I arrived at my room. I had requested a king and got 2 double beds. I called from that room and was told that I was mistaken and that I had requested 2 double beds. Definitely not the case and so much for the customer being right. I then had to schlep my bag all the way back to reception to exchange the key for another room. No, they couldn't meet me at the new room or even meet me half way for that matter. No apologies were given for the inconvenience.If you plan on reading in your room better bring a flashlight. The lights are so dim that it's impossible to read.While you're at it, bring your own pillow too. The pillows are so huge that you almost sleep sitting up. As for a blanket in the room, there aren't any. You have to ask them to bring you one.During my 3 night stay there, there were always room-service trays left in the hall on the floor and most of them had food in them. 24 hours later the same trays were still there. Come on, can't room service go back and pick up the tray? How about housekeeping - can't they pick it up? It was disgusting.The grand finale though was when they left a letter stating that the electricity would be off sometime during the middle of the night. They neglected to also include that the ear peircing fire alarm would also sound off in addition to being without power. Once again, no apology from the hotel and it wasn't an accident either. They knew the alarm was going to go off but neglected to put that in the letter for fear you would find another hotel. The front desk explained it off as it had to be done and there was just no good time to do it. Really? How about any time other than the middle of the night??I complained to the people at the seminar I attended as they had arranged this hotel. They got the hotel to issue a whopping $15.00 in food vouchers (only good at certain places in the hotel) for the inconvenience. Again there was no letter of apology with the coupon, just the coupon itself in an envelope that I had to retrieve from the front desk. Guess it was again too much trouble to slip under my door.If you didn't have a battery operated alarm clock and needed to get up in the morning, you were in trouble. Did I mention that housekeeping never bothered to set the clock again after the power was off? The blinking clock flashed the wrong time for the remainder of the stay.Best advice, run don't walk from this hotel.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great Value	The husband and I just needed a night away from our visiting family so we booked last minute on the hotel website. We paid $38. This is not a 5 star resort so please don't expect it to be perfect. Our room was huge and clean there was a bit of a musty smell but for 38 bucks I wasn't going to complain. There is a huge casino tons of games. Really cheap drinks at the bars ( pretty much free if you play video black jack while you wait.) We ate at the cafe, the food was good and inexpensive you get large portions. Overall a great value!	
Nov 14 2008 	Terrible Service	I stayed at this hotel twice and while the rooms are excellent, the service is terrible. The first time we stayed there was my wedding night, we got married in vegas and we needed somewhere to stay before we left on our honeymoon. We went to the valet, and they left me standing in the middle of traffic in my wedding dress. No one ever came to pick up our bags. I had to carry my own to the room in my wedding dress. The second time we stayed there, we were woken at 6 a.m. to construction right outside our window. When we complained, the front desk told me that I should have known that there was going to be construcion noises. He was so rude I am still upset six months later!	
Nov 2 2008 	Not a fan. Hope I never have to go back	This is a &quot;locals&quot; hotel, and it shows. The whole hotel is very smoky and smelly. The food areas are low brow and not upscale at all. The casino is very very smoky and a lot of slot machines.It is about $70 from the airport here in a cab.The rooms are large and the bathrooms look like they have been remodeled recently. The hallways, even on the non-smoking floors, are smelly. The rooms oddly (and thankfully) are not.I guess if you're staying here to escape your local family it would be fine but there is no way that I would ever stay here instead of staying somewhere on the strip.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great Place away from the Strip!	We had a wonderful week here.Room was big not tripping over things.Bed was fine. Nice big bath area. Pool kinda small but never very busy. Very nice casino lots of games and a lot of video poker machines.Only ate at the buffet but found it to be a very good value. Ice cream place very good.Great value hotel away from the strip.	
Sep 22 2008 	Away From The Strip	Set in a pleasant residential area of west Las Vegas, the Suncoast is a well-kept hotel/casino catering to frequent Las Vegas visitors who have tired of the endless traffic and construction noise of The Strip. (The Bellagio, for example, seems to be surrounded by sprouting high-rises topped by giant cranes.)The rooms are spacious and well-appointed, with wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling windows. Request the golf course side and you will be rewarded with a panoramic view of the greens, as well as the small pool area of the hotel.Though our room was beginning to show some signs of use (stains on sofa and chair), it was kept spotlessly clean by the housekeeping staff.The Suncoast also provides visitors with movie theatres and a bowling alley - but, disappointingly, no spa.Parking is plentiful and the lot well lit. There is a shuttle bus to the Orleans and the Gold Coast. I'm not sure about the other Boyd properties.The players cards are being updated to include all of the Boyd casinos which include the above as well as the California, Sam's Town and Main Street.Though we qualified for the casino rate, this was still high compared to other Coast hotels. The Suncoast does have seasonal specials which are good value and worth signing up for their e-mails.Across the street from the Suncoast is a brand new, low-rise, mega-shopping center complete with upscale stores and restaurants. The Red Rock Casino is just a short drive away.We can recommend the buffet, with a good selection of freshly prepared food. The breakfast buffet was provided with our room. The casino and hotel staff were pleasant and courteous. Beverage service was prompt. We would recommend the Suncoast to those who have &quot;done&quot; the strip and are not afraid to drive around Las Vegas.	
Aug 24 2008 	Sunny at the Suncoast!	Stayed two nights at The Suncoast as a friend and I were attending a party in the Summerlin area. Since it opened, we’ve always played at Red Rocks, but that hotel is way too expensive for our liking. By staying at the Coast, we’d be located near our friend’s house and also near our favorite casino. It is imperative to have a car when staying this far from the Strip, but we never miss the hustle, bustle, and traffic of the Strip, either, when staying in Summerlin.The room at Suncoast was huge: king sized bed, sofa, flat screen tv, separate vanity area with two sinks, the bathroom had a shower/tub with lots of hot water, and w.c. The bed was comfortable enough, though the pillows were awful.The maid came fairly early in the day, which is always nice. The room was spotless and the amenities were replenished on the second day.Had no problem on the hotel end, but there was a major sabotage: My friend had booked a table for dinner on Saturday night in Primo’s months before our trip – we were to have her birthday dinner there. When she called the hotel on Wednesday to reconfirm her room and dinner reservation, she was informed that Primo’s was closed for renovations. It’s unconscionable that a restaurant would NOT call a customer to inform that person that the place would be closed. I managed to get a table at the wonderful Silverado in The South Pointe, but that should not have had to happen.We did have great bagels at the Bagel Cafe Express. I’m Jewish and know a good bagel; trust me, the bagels are well worth it!I would definitely stay here again, though I’d bring my own pillow!	
Aug 22 2008 	Nice place bad beds!	A friend &amp; I were going out to Las Vegas for a long weekend in August. We wanted to stay in the Summerlin area because we were attending a friend's party, and our friend did not live too far from the Suncoast. I was a little hesitant to stay at the Suncoast due to some of the previous reviews on Trip Advisor regarding the bad beds &amp; poor pillows.The friend that I was going with and I discussed it and we decided to give the Suncoast a try anyways. I mean, how bad could a bed be, right?A couple of weeks before our trip I called the Suncoast &amp; spoke to the hotel manager regarding my concerns about the hotel's beds. She assured me that the mattresses had all been replaced about 1.5 years ago and that the pillows were fine.After speaking with her, I felt better &amp; decided to stay there.I think the manager must have put a note in my reservation, because when I checked in to the Suncoast I got upgraded to the most amazing 1700 sq foot suite, a Tuscany Suite.This Suite was fabulous - foyer with 1/2 bath, separating a huge living room and a good sized bedroom with absolutely the biggest jacuzzi bathtub I have ever seen in my life! Floor to ceiling windows in all rooms of the suite, a walk in shower big enough for 6 people and a beautiful looking bed.I don't mean to harp on the bed but a good night's sleep is very important to me, and a comfortable mattress &amp; feather (or at least fluffy) pillows are quite necessary.Well, sorry to say, the reviewers were right and I had the 3 worst nights of sleep in any hotel I have ever stayed in. The bed was SO uncomfortable that I woke up every morning with a very sore back. It was so bad that I could have used a chiropractor! The pillows were horrible foam rubber ones and not a feather pillow was to be found in the entire hotel. One would think that especially a suite would have the most comfortable bed imaginable and scads of feather pillows.Sorry folks -not at the Suncoast!!I was also very surprised that the suite didn't offer more &quot;treats&quot; such as slippers, bathrobes, upgraded bath amenities, bottled water or anything. During my 3-night stay things that got used (pads of paper, shampoo, etc) were not replaced. My friend stayed in a regular room and the beds &amp; pillows were the same as in the suite. The standard rooms were beautiful - very spacious &amp; comfortable with a couch &amp; coffee table, and a separate double sink area from the shower &amp; toilet area.The staff were very friendly &amp; accommodating, The casino wasn't lucky for me but I just go to have fun &amp; play the penny slots.The hotel and casino itself were very nice and the Bagel Cafe Express has the best everything bagels I've ever tasted,but until I know that the hotel has improved on their bedding I will never stay there again!	
Aug 22 2008 	Great value	This hotel really offers some amazing value. (There is a free shuttle to/from the strip and airport, but a car is really a must.) Our room felt luxurious given the size and view of the mountains, golf course, and pool area. Good variety of food for reasonable prices, and even had $1 bowling after midnight. They even have penny video poker and blackjack, though those machines tend to fill up fast.Only downside: the pool was oddly shaped and only 4 feet deep.	
Aug 19 2008 	Best hotel in Vegas	This is a great hotel for someone who doesn't want to deal with the hussle of the strip. The rooms are huge and the view is amazing. Not much of a selection when it comes to room service, but the hotel is located in Summerlin and is surrounded by restaurants, grocery stores, and only a few minutes drive from the red rock mountains. The area, unlike the strip, is very safe and is a great place for families to stay. The only drawback is walking through the casino and trying to find the elevators, but this is the case in all Vegas hotels. Every time I stay here the room rate has been under $50, which is a steal.	
Aug 12 2008 	Room Service Superior to The Palazzo	We stayed 4 nights in an Executive One Bedroom Suite &amp; would stay again. The golf course view is fabulous &amp; the space is a welcome change from a hotel room. In addition, every staff person we encountered was friendly &amp; accommodating. Their room service is far superior to The Palazzo (we stayed here the previous 4 nights) - prompt, our order was correct w/all necessary cutlery, friendly, &amp; professional.Only criticism is the smokiness of the casino. I can't believe w/present technology the stale tobacco odor cannot be corrected.	
Jul 7 2008 	Good Hotel Off the Strip	We were traveling to visit relatives in Fallon and stopped for the night in Las Vegas. I wanted to avoid the traffic and hassle of the strip and chose the Suncoast based on the reviews here. I wish that Tripadvisor had different classes for hotels. This is not a 5 star hotel, but for its class (moderately priced hotels?) this facility is a winner. The room was clean and very large as was the bath. We appreciated the double sinks, and separate room for the commode. The toilet refused to flush on our arrival, however, after a call to housekeeping, a maintenance person arrived within 15 minutes and solved the problem.I'm not a big gambler and to me, one casino looks pretty much like every other casino. Yes it is Smokey, but what Nevada casino isn't? If you don't gamble, it also includes a very nice and well maintained bowling facility and a multi-screen movie theater. We had dinner in the Mexican themed restaurant, and it was good and reasonable ($20 for dinner and a drink).I booked at the hotel web site and got a rate of $50 a night. My only complaint; $12 a night for a hi-speed internet connection is pretty steep. Most hotels outside of Vegas, include internet connections free or for a nominal charge. The self-park garage is quite a hike, but valet parking is free (gratuity expected, of course!)	
Jul 2 2008	Very nice hotel	We stayed 4 nights and for the price it met far behine my expectation. Every thing is there for you right in this hotel. I love this hotel and I will be booking there again on my next trip to Las Vegas. They rooms are big and very clean. This hotel is great for a family trip,so much to see and do.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great Deal!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while visiting family. The room was HUGE and the floor to ceiling window overlooked a golf course. Everything was very clean. We were shocked that we only had to pay $42 a night to stay here! The front desk staff were very friendly...even at 1:30 am when we were finally checking in. We were given no trouble about our request for 2 queen beds in a non-smoking room. The valet service was quick and easy. The only thing we did not like was having to walk through the smoky casino with our 5 month old to get to the elevators. Highly reccommended hotel if you are looking to be quite a ways off the strip.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great Stay at the SunCoast!!	We stayed at the SunCoast for a 6 day stay from Late May to Early June. We usually stay off strip as we have a rental car and valet park when we do things on the strip. Check-In was quick and efficient, they ensured that we knew where everything was. Bellman and Valet service were outstanding for the duration of the trip. Service at the Cafe and the Buffet was great. We were asked by virtually every employee we came in contact with how we were enjoying our stay, very nice for a change. The pool was small, but we enjoyed it very much. Not too crowded and not a bunch of screaming kids, it was also open until 10:00 pm which is a plus if you want a late night dip. The room was spacious and nicely docorated. Very accuratey portrayed on the website. It also had a Frig which was nice to keep bottled water/soda in. The halls were quiet and the walls were thick, all the better to sleep in after long nights. The SunCoast is in a nice residential area with plenty of shopping nearby if you need to pick up last minute items. The drink service was quick while we played the slots. The slots were looser that many we experienced this trip. Overall we would highly recommended the SunCoast to anyone who does not need to stay on the Strip and is looking for a quieter, relaxing vacation.	
Jun 7 2008 	Not a bad deal	Fantastic deal on price; Room was enormous! Bathroom was elegant (both the 'sink' room and the 'shower/tub' room). View was underwhelming though. Restaurants not bad, they have a Seattle's best coffee and an ice cream parlor right off the casino; LONG walk from self-park garage to check-in to your room, plan for a walk (through the crowded casino) with your luggage. Or you could splurge with valet parking.	
Jun 6 2008	Great Hotel but far from strip	I've stayed at the Suncoast twice and have enjoyed both of my stays.HOTEL:The hotel itself is very nice. It has casino, movie theater, and a small pool. The rooms are huge with a large bathroom and very large area. It can easily fit a family of four. The casino was a good size, and the minimums weren't as ridiculous as some of the strip hotels. Also, their bingo hall is apparently the happening place. LOCATION:This hotel is approximately 20 to 30 minutes drive from the strip. If you plan on hanging out at the strip, this is not the place to stay. However, they do have a lot of markets, Darling Tennis Center, and golf courses nearby.FOOD:They had quite a few restaurants at the hotel. The range of food was mediocre to awful. Don't eat at the cafe place with Chinese food because I heard it was terrible. The buffet was nothing to rave about either. I never tried the Italian or steak place, but it doesn't look too spectacular either.If you want a big room and don't mind a location far from the strip, this is a nice place to stay.	
May 30 2008 	The Sun is Shining at Suncoast	Over the past year, I have visited Las Vegas on business 6 times and this is the first time I have stayed so far off the strip. Suncoast was chosen because of the really low rate and because of its location sort of near our business location.I didn't miss the strip because Suncoast offered all the gambling temptations, as did at the neighboring Rampart Casino. Plus, the hotel movie theatre, bowling alley and nice selection of surrounding shopping and restaurants in this upscale area (Summerlin) provided more than what I needed for my 4 day stay.Staff: exceptionally nice. Check in was great. They couldn't give me the king bed I reserved, but they guaranteed the nonsmoking room which was a must. Housekeeping crew were friendly and all the restaurant and shop staff were great.Room: large and spacious, including the huge bathroom. Nice flat screen tv, but limited channel selection. Bed was the most disappointing of all. Mattress caused me to be pretty stiff and pillows were so-so. Room temperature was easily controllable--a huge plus for me.Car/parking: Having a car for this location is essential. I found that parking it in the outside lot (not the parking garage) offered quicker, easier room access.Gaming: Roulette offers 50 cent chips w/$2.00 minimum inside bets. You don't see that in too many places anymore.I hope to stay here again but I wish they'd upgrade their mattresses.	
May 10 2008 	Exceptionally quiet rooms	We and several couples stayed at the Suncoast Hotel for four nights in mid-April when our son was getting married at the Stratosphere. We picked this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. We were surprised you had to walk through the casino to get to your room, but that seems pretty standard in Vegas. Our rooms were large and exceptionally quiet, (though not on the golf course view side), the pool was beautiful (and not crowded), and we loved being away from the Strip. Our requests to stay on the same floor with family and friends were honored, and when my sister-in-law's room's hair dryer caught on fire, it was replaced within the hour. One of our family members stayed at Treasure Island through a Costco package deal (airfare, car, hotel), and it was definitely cheaper, but it is on the Strip. We had no complaints about the staff or service at this hotel, and would stay there again.	
May 8 2008 	decent hotel for the price	my husband and i originally had planned to stay down on the strip. but my parents just moved to summerlin, so the suncoast was alot closer, and the price was very reasonable. upon check in, we encountered our first proble. when we made the reservation, it was for a king smoking. when we checked in, the girl at the desk, told us sorry, we only have a queen room smoking. i told her i was unhappy as we paid for a king room. she was kinda rude, and told me that suncoast's policy, is that they don't have to guarantee the type of room you pay for, they only have to provide you with a bed. i asked her why they even ask you which type of room you want, if they aren't going to honor it? she said that's our policy, sorry. let's just say, i was pretty irritated, and then when i asked to speak to a manager she told me there wasn't one on duty, and there wouldn't be until noon of the next day. that meant there was no one on duty for 15 hours that could make any customer service decisions, which i found to be joke! we were so exhuasted, so i just said whatever, give us our room. the room, except for it being the wrong bed, was actually quite nice. it was very roomy, and we had the view of the strip way off in the distance. the bathroom was huge, with a double vanity area, and a gigantic shower, which was big enough for both me and my husband to shower in at the same time. the tv, was a flat screen tv that must have been at leat 50-55 inches, but the channel selection was terrible. we got about 2 espn channels, tbs and tnt, and some local betting channels, that's it!!! no movie channels, weather channel, nothing. i know we're on vacation and weren't expecting to watch alot of tv, but it would have been nice while getting ready for the night, or before bed.the beds, ugh, not very comfortable, and the pillows??? if you stay here you might as well be prepared to have a sore, stiff neck the whole time. the worst pillows i've ever felt. we actually had to go to wallmart to buy pillows, the ones they had were unbearable.the next morning we went to the front desk to find out when they would be able to move us to our king room, and again we were told there was still no manager there, and woldn't be for a few hours. i cannot believe there isn't a manager on duty at all times. who handles serious problems? halfway into our 2nd day there, a manager called our room, and said that he had a king room ready for us. by this point we had unpacked our stuff, and i was so irritated, i didn't want to spend my vacation, unpacking, then packing again, then moving everything on the complete opposite end of the hotel, then unpacking again, i came on vacation to relax. if this is suncoast's policy, does that mean that if people request a non smoking room, then they will put them in a smoking room, if that's all they have available? if that's the case, i would not recomment this hotel to anyone, i find that policy to be ridiculous, and misleading. the casino we found nice, lots of games, fairly clean, always employees, picking up bottles, and cups, and emptying ashtrays at all the slots. there were several food choices, however we only ate at the deli, and the 24 hour coffee shop. we also had coffee every morning at the Seattle's best coffe shop. i would liked to have a coffee machine in my room, like most other hotels, rather than spend $5.00 every morning for a gourmet coffee. the only other thing for the food, is that 3 out of the 4 nights there, after gambling we were hungry. we went to the 24 hour coffee shop the first night, and the service was the worst i've ever had at any restaurant, and i worked in the hospitality industry for 15 years. the waitress had no idea what she was doing, and it wasn't even that crowded. after it taking 1.5 hours for 2 appetizers and an entree to split, we decided we would eat out the remainder of the nights. the last 2 nights there we were really hungry in the early morning hours, and stopped by the same 24 hour restaurant, and asked to have order to go, in a box, because of how slow the service was last time. she told us no, they didn't have any take out silverware. so instead, we ordered room service, which was the same exact menu, but 4x the prices, and they bring you regular silverware. not really sure why they wouldn't just give us a roll of silverware, like they did when they delivered our $30 appetizer meal, ridiculous!we didn't use the pool or the gym, so can't comment on those, but the movies and the bowling alley looked very nice. the gift shop, was quite nice, had everything we needed and both ladies working in there were so nice and helpful. when it came time to check out, it was very easy, did it right on the tv. called down to the bellman and asked for a luggage cart, as we had 4 big bags. he told us it would be over an hour wait, so we had to make 2 trips down ourselves. all in all, the facility was very clean, including had sanitizer units on the walls. the customer service was pretty poor, which to me is a big reason people become repeat customers. not sure if we will stay here again, when we come out to visit our family, who live only 2 miles away. it seemed like the staff could have cared less about all the people who spent our hard earned cash to stay there, and i didn't care for that attitude at all	
Apr 26 2008 	Short Stay in Vegas	On our way to visit Las Vegas relatives and national parks in Utah, we stayed at the Suncoast Casino and Hotel and found that it fit our needs perfectly. The facility is located some distance from both the airport and the &quot;Strip&quot;, but is easy to get to by car. For a very, very modest price, our room was huge, clean, and had great views from the 8th floor. As in most Las vegas hotels, one enters by walking through the casino, which has, I believe, an area of 80,000 square feet or about an hectare. Various restaurants are scattered around the perimeter of the casino. The neighboring vicinity contains several golf courses and a large shopping mall. All is clean and shining brightly in the desert sun.	
Apr 4 2008 	really good indeed	Chose this hotel as it was my wife's first trip to Vegas and wanted to start off strip, then Grand Canyon and finally onto strip to show her all sides of the area. Can really only echo what other people have said about this hotel. Got an excellent mountain view room on the 6th floor, a nice touch as we only booked standard room, the room itself was clean and large. The hotel was spotless, food we ate the good quality, bowling was good value, movie seen was up to par. Gambling was good, win some lose some, only one grumpy dealer who gave me a hard time as held on 14 when she was showing 6 upcard. She had 10 under and pulled 5 and told me I should have taken hit... All other dealers etc we really fun.The area around the hotel is really good if you shop like we do. Arrive with case inside case and leave with two full bags. The joys of rip off Britain. Out the hotel, right and second left and there you are. Also Cheesecake Factory real close. Would recomend this place for off strip stays. Close to Red Rocks as well, good place to visit.	
Mar 3 2008	Highly Recommended	I can only second what others have said here. Clean, crisp, sunny and well-maintained hotel. So as not to waste space, let me add something I rarely read in reviews: an overview of the area surrounding the hotel.Suncoast is not on or near the Strip. It's a good 7-10 miles from it but that's part of the appeal. The hotel is at the edge of a golf course and surrounded by upscale condos and single-family homes. It's very quiet--more like a resort community than a gambling one.Some rooms have views of the Strip in the distance (looks incredible at night), others have view of the golf course and the mountains and Red Rock Canyon (very nice to wake up to).Good breakfast deal: for the price of eggs and bacon in the casual dining restaurant off the casino floor (I forget its name), you can have the breakfast buffet. Many hot, fresh choices that border on brunch but also a very good yoghurt and cereal bar.I can't imagine staying on the Strip. Rent a car and have the freedom to play all you want and then go home for a good night's sleep in one of the best neighborhoods in Vegas.	
Feb 28 2008 	Suncoast Shines	I was in Vegas for a conference not vacation so the location and price was what I was looking for, not the casino nor relation to &quot;the strip&quot;. Having said that, the hotel experience was great. We stayed 4 nights, Sat 23rd to Tues the 26th. The room, booked through i4vegas.com, averaged $75 a night. We had a very spacious king bed room with a spectacular view from the 3rd floor overlooking the north valley and mountains. A previous reviewer was looking for a non smoking floor and rooms. The 3rd floor is nonsmoking and once we got to the floor the smoke was not a problem. We didn't have time to take in all the ammenities, the pool and hot tub, bowling lanes, 16 screen movie theater, and several great restaurants. We did hit the ice cream store, coffee stand and we did eat at the buffet restaurant for Sunday brunch. All were great and the staff were all friendly and service oriented. The valet guys and gals also were friendly and earned every tip the got. We arrived at our room on our last day and a couple light bulbs were burned out so I caught a maintenance guy passing in the hall and within minutes he was back replacing bulbs. That's service. All in all a great stay at a great price.	
Feb 27 2008 	Still a beautiful lady	Even though she has some years on her, this hotel is still a beautiful lady. The rooms are a really good size and very clean. Once again, we were given a room with the view of the roof but it was up high enough that we could see the mountains and the strip in the distance. The bathroom has a door between the shower and the sink so it accomodates two people at once. The beds were comfortable and our room had a couch that was nice to relax after a long day.We ate in the cafe, the buffet and the streakhouse and they were all very good.The staff of the hotel was wonderful. We were treated really well by everyone. The staff was not afraid to smile and went out of their way to be accomodating.We visit Las Vegas two or three times a year and I try a different hotel each time. This was one of my favorites and one that I would not mind trying again.	
Feb 27 2008 	Hidden Gem!	I could not believe all of the amenities at this place. The room was spacious with a great view and flat screen tv. It is a ways away from the strip but they do provise a free shuttle service there and back as well as to the airport and back. After visiting the strip I was glad that we didn't stay on it. The major plus was the gaming, $5 tables, no where else in Vegas had it. I will definitely be back!	
Feb 15 2008 	Okay but reeks of tobacco smell	Chose the hotel because it was a big bargain. Travel consolidator classified the property as Luxury and it probably is. I specially love the huge flat panel TV. The only bad thing for me, I am not a smoker and hate the smell of tobacco. Never did exposed unused clothes for fear they may absorb the smell but a few minutes stay in the room and your clothes will get the smell. I wish they had non-smoking floors and rooms.	
Feb 5 2008 	Great Hotel!	We stayed at the Suncoast for a birthday weekend and had a great time! The hotel staff were fantastic and were always happy and willing to help us. We had a rental car that we drove to the strip so the location off Las Vegas Bldv. wasn't a problem. The only down side was that the shuttle to the strip only runs every hour and a half, and cabs need to be called, they don't just show up at the hotel like they do closer to the strip. Overall a fantastic experience.	
Feb 4 2008 	Loved it!	We were looking for something reasonable in Vegas for a night after a stay elsewhere wasn't so great. We booked the Suncoast through hotels.com and had a great experience. The hotel was wonderful, the staff friendly. They have lots more to do than just gamble, a theatre and a bowling alley. Room service was great! The food was still warm and tasted great. It's away from the strip, so if you really want to party hard, maybe not the place for you, but for a laid back trip, it was great!	
Jan 31 2008 	I didn't want to leave...	I traveled with my husband and 3 kids ages 1, 3, and 5. After our experience I just had to write a review. We initially had trouble with our booking through travelocity and I had to have multiple conversations with the staff of the hotel and everyone I dealt with was nice and accommodating. So before I began my trip I already had a good feeling. January 29th, 2008 is when we checked in and were we ever in for a treat. At the desk when we gave our names, the clerk spoke to her boss standing nearby to let her know that a new guest had arrived and I heard the woman say, &quot;Give them the suite.&quot; We were registered for a one bedroom so you would not believe how excited we were when we reached the double doors that led into our room. We opened the door to the most beautiful 2 bedroom suite!! This entire place was floor to ceiling windows looking out on the most beautiful views of the mountains and golf courses. The room had tvs everywhere, in each bathroom (along with phones). The tubs were deep and large with jacuzzi jets and a water jet for your neck. The showers were large and the master bath even had multiple heads with a variety of settings. I had 2 nozzle continually oscillating back and forth and you could adjust their speed and intensity. The furnishings were beautiful, all the wood dark and attractive and there was a bar that sat 8 people. We could not have been more excited and we had booked for 50 dollars. I did not want to leave, it was just so beautiful, especially during the day staring out at the panoramic view. Some people want to stay on the strip, this place was wonderful and seriously not more than a 10 minute drive from the strip and they have a free shuttle to take you there and pick you up. The casino downstairs was a nice size and I played a little down there also. i was continually amazed at how everyone I dealt with from the check in clerk to the woman I purchased my bingo game from were just consistently nice and helpful. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Just so you know, I saw the regular one bedrooms being cleaned and they looked of the same quality, but only smaller. I will definitely stay here again!	
Jan 2 2008	FANTASTIC Hotel EXCELLENT Staff !!!	I stayed at this hotel last March and I have to say it is a really NICE place to stay! The staff are WONDERFUL and genuinely seem to care about what they do - I experienced nothing but pleasantness and professionalism while I was there. Its like the staff WANTED to be there and any request you had was no problem. ALL the staff from the front desk to the bartender make you feel like you MATTER there. I was VERY impressed at how professional and NICE everyone was while I stayed there. The rooms are AMAZING ! I have to mention the beds themselves - they were SO comfortable and the sheets were pure mmmmmmmmm!!! I have stayed in a lot of hotels but I have to say the beds in this particular hotel were AMAZING ! The sheets smelled CLEAN as well - that is a big thing to me. I plan on coming back this year and HIGHLY recommend this hotel.	
Dec 30 2007 	Excellent accomodations - a great value for the money!	After reading the great reviews about the Suncoast - we agree- you can't go wrong by staying here. When we arrived- the courteous desk agent advised us that the hotel was nearly full. She then announced &quot; I have upgraded you to a suite at no extra charge to you&quot;.Wow! it certainly was our lucky day - our suite on the 10th floor was over 1000 sq. feet -floor to ceiling windows overlooking the mountains -a huge bathroom- 2 couches, etc.We had breakfast in the buffet (which was pretty good and worth the $ 6.99 ) and a late night supper in the coffee shop which was also pretty good and not too expensive. The Suncoast may not be the best option for a &quot;first-timer&quot; to Vegas -as it is a good 20 minutes to &quot;the Strip&quot;. But this is exactly- the reason we loved it- We gladly leave the &quot;Strip Hotel&quot; experience to the noisy drunken &quot;frat party&quot; rowdy -&quot;party till you puke&quot; crowd.To top it all- - The Suncoast was awarded &quot;best paying slots&quot; or something similar- by the local newspaper -and I believe it ! As we walked out with gambling winnings	
Dec 28 2007 	An unexpected gem	We booked one of the suites for six nights in Dec of '07 and were pleasantly surprised by the size and amenities in the room - not what one would expect from a Summerlin hotel... more like a high-roller suite at a strip hotel with a nice view of the Strip off in the distance in one direction and Red Rocks in the other.Room and amenities were excellent with a very nicely appointed bathroom. Unfortunately, the shower head pressure was about a 5 out of 10.Restaurants were all of good quality - don't expect 3 star and you won't be disappointed. Like most of the off-strip properties, the entire staff was friendly and accommodating from the housekeepers to the dealers to the pit bosses and desk staff.As with most Vegas properties, the smoke in the casino is unbearable but, fortunately, it didn't make it up to the 10th floor.	
Dec 24 2007 	The Suncoast is a Great Place to Stay!	We stayed for an extended weekend. We paid $47 for Friday and Saturday night, and $25 for Sunday (yes, really.) The room was fantastic. It was very spacious, much larger than an average hotel room. The room had a large flat screen tv, was very clean, and the beds were quite comfortable. The view was beautiful. We looked down at the pool, golf course, and dessert mountains in the distance. (Request the pool side, because the other side views were not as nice.) The pool and pool area looked very nice, but we were unable to use, because it was too cold. Our room was non-smoking and it didn't even smell like smoke in the hallway. This was a big plus, considering the haze of smoke in the casino. The bowling alley and theater were also spacious and nice.If you want to stay off the strip, you can't beat this place. The drive to the strip was easy on the freeways and took only 10 minutes.As mentioned in other reviews, the restaurant prices were fair and the buffet was good. The best surprise was the prices in the hotel store. A six pack of beer was about $6. About the same you'd find in a grocery store. The other alcohol was similarly priced.Regarding the price we paid per night, after a rather exhaustive search, I booked on i4vegas.com. It had by far the best rates. The hotel was asking $144 for the nights we paid $47, on their website. So, shop around and give the Suncoast I try. I'm so glad we did!	
Oct 24 2007 	Best Place Ever	Stayed here from October 12-18th. Excellent location, away from the hustle and bustle of the strip traffic. Great eating places around, shopping for ones who like to shop. One the greatest bingo halls ever. I came her in April and won $46,080.00 playing bingo, came back this time and my husband won $1430.00 playing bingo and then won another $500.00 when they called his name on a raffle drawing.Rooms are to die for, absolutely beautiful, had a wonderful view of the city, mountains and golf course. Next door also in two other casinos to enjoy, and 5minutes away is the beautiful Red Rock Casino.The slots are also nice to play, did not win a lot, but stayed alive and did not lose my shirt.Will definitely be coming back to stay.	
Oct 10 2007	Great 5 Day Vacation	I loved this place. They say its a &quot;local&quot; casino and I truly felt welcomed there. From the reception desk to housekeeping , it was a sheer delight. Very Clean and nice big rooms. Nice big screen TV on the wall. Close to everything ( only about 7 miles from the strip) The buffet was wonderful and the prices were more than affordable. If your over 50 and get your players card then you get your buffet discounted a few bucks. The dealers were very friendly and as for that matter all of the employees were more than cordial. There is a lot to see nearby but if you like Bingo and slots you are in for a treat. The slots are kinda generous and lots of fun ones to play as well. Although there are lots of people around there is not that loud noise that you hear in some casinos. And there is a 16 plex movies theater that we always said we would go to but we never did get arounf to it. We both played in a Texas Hold Em tournament and it was great even though neither of us won any money but we did come pretty close. Via Veneto was their Italian resturant and it was very good and certainly worth a try. Great prices and great italian food. There is so much more but suffice it to say both my husband and I loved it there. Check out their website. Nancy and Ted T.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great place!	We needed a hotel near the Red Rock (very expensive conference hotel), and this one was great! Though the weekend rates were pretty high, they were much lower than the comparable ones nearby. By booking through entertainment.com, we got a good rate and a very good free breakfast buffet every day (except Sunday brunch). The liquor store prices were cheap, the king size room was beautiful and very spacious, and though the hotel was completely sold out one night, we didn't hear any noise at all in our room! The fitness room and hot tub were virtually unused and were very nice. The bagel shop had great desserts and even had a pizza special (ok, not the greatest pizza we have tasted, but 2 large pieces and a coke for $5 can't be beat). If you have a car, there are a couple really nice restaurants at the end of the block. And, they have a free shuttle to the airport and the strip if you want. Definitely a money saver! We did bring our own coffee/coffee pot... which we really loved.	
Sep 30 2007 	Decent Place To Stay	My experience at the Suncoast was average compared to other hotels that I have stayed at in Vegas. I had booked a non-smoking room due to my allergies only to be told upon check in that they had no non-smoking rooms available and the front desk staff was unwilling to accommodate me other than allowing me to switch room 2 days into my stay. Since I was traveling for business and was sharing a rental car with others in my group relocating was not an option. To my surprise the smoking room was decently cleaned and didn't smell as much like smoke as I thought it would. Could have been because the casino was smoky as casinos typically are. There are several things to do at the Suncoast besides gamble. Such as bowling, movies and an arcade. The Mexican restaurant was pretty good too.	
Sep 6 2007 	Not bad for an all-in-one.	The Suncoast is an all-in-one stay: Hotel, casino, restaurants, bowling alley, convenience store, and movie theater. The rooms themselves were nice, with reasonably comfortable beds, lots of space, nice bathrooms, and good cleanliness. I wasn't impressed with the restaurants except for the steakhouse, which was priced reasonably and produced an excellent meal. The casino itself is not extensive, and I didn't spend any time in there. If you have kids, be aware that the floor-waitress outfits are rather racy!My biggest complaint was the HIGH cost of in-room internet access. It was the most expensive I've come across yet ($17 a day!)Overall, everything about this hotel was average or above average. I wasn't overly impressed... but it definitely had about the lowest cost in the area, so it was worth it for the money.	
Aug 3 2007	Suncoast-----GREAT value for the $ !	The Suncoast gives you excellent value for a bargain price !Often you can get a wonderful room for $50 : spacious, clean, with a comfortable king size bed &amp; a large sized flatscreen TV on the wall. Casino is fun, with fairly loose video poker machines. I have found the hotel staff to be usually uniformy pleasant, helpful &amp; courteous. The only drawback I have about the place is while the buffet &amp; Italian restaurants are pretty good, the 24 hour coffee shop is decidedly mediocre-----only a couple of menu items are worth ordering. Otherwise, a great value for the buck !	
Jul 24 2007 	Surprised at how lovely the rooms were!	We have family that lives near this hotel and have eaten at the cafe several times. We have always been pleased with the food and service in the cafe. On this trip we found ourselves in need a hotel room for 1 night. We choose the Suncoast because of the low price and close proximity to our family. When we arrived in the rooms I was so surprised at how lovely they were. They have possibly been remodeled recently. We had 2 rooms, one on the 3rd floor and one on the fourth floor. In comparision to most hotels the rooms were quite spacious. The rooms had large flat screen T.V's and granite countertops in the bathrooms. The bathroom was two rooms with the shower and toliet separate from the vanity and sink. The room included a iron and ironing board. On the downside no coffee maker in the room. Of the two rooms, the room facing the pool had very nice views and the room on the opposite side had a boring view. The website I booked the room through gave us free breakfast in the buffet. I'm glad it was free because it was not very good! I would not eat there again.	
Jul 21 2007	Good hotel for the money but needs improvement	I had a decent stay here. I love the location -- nowhere near the Strip or Downtown (but you could get to either in 20 mins by car), close to Red Rock Canyon. What a treat to look out the window and see golf courses and mountains instead of more hotel towers and neon lights.The room was huge, clean, nicely furnished, but (oddly) had very little light available at night. Floor to ceiling windows make it very bright and cheery by day, but there are just a few dim lamps in the room. Strange.Large plasma TV with an OK selection of stations. Internet connection was advertised but mine didn't work. The &quot;technician&quot; they sent up to help was useless - barely knew what a computer was.Other amenities? Fitness room was adequate, nothing more. No steam room, spa, etc., which I missed. Swimming pool was OK, but nothing to write home about.Food ranged from so-so to pretty good. The buffet was a notch or two below average for Vegas. The coffee shop was blah. They have some good graveyard specials (on paper at least) but I didn't try them. The food in the Italian restaurant was just OK. On the other hand, Primo's (the steakhouse) was fabulous -- excellent food, superb room, good prices. One of the best meals I've had in Vegas ever.They seem to have all the bases covered when it comes to gambling, but service is rocky. One night I sat down at a blackjack table, put $100 down and asked for change, but the dealer just kept on dealing and never cut me into the game. So I walked away. Complained to the pit boss but she didn't seem too concerned. Guess stuff like that happens a lot. Service in other parts of the casino was similarly spotty. Do they want our money or not?Poker room was good, but I like the one at the Orleans better -- more atmosphere (maybe because it's older).This place definitely draws the geriatric crowd. I arrived on Monday and not until Thursday night did I see any appreciable number of people under 50, and even then it was mostly seniors.This place provides a good base of operations if you want to be away from the Strip and choose your forays there for yourself. It's also very close to the new Red Rock Casino, which is spectacular but four times the price. Stay at the Suncoast, hang at the Red Rock, and you'll have a great time.	
Jul 1 2007 	Not so nice.....	Suncoast is a mediocre hotel with shabby furnishings and unfriendly staff. The hotel room are a strange layout with old furnishings. While the housekeeping staff kept it clean, it did not feel like it. The front desk staff were not very helpful nor friendly. Most of the guests were over 65, which is a plus or minus depending on your viewpoint. Lastly, the hotel offers a hotel shuttle, but it only goes out two or three times a day, which is not very helpful.	
Apr 25 2007 	Nice Casino/Terrible Management	A nice clean casino with affordable restaurants. However, the service you get from the hosts and managers are nothing short of &quot;Unacceaptable&quot;. Being one of the newest casino in Summerlin area does not give management the right to have a chip on their shoulder. Unlike other casinos who treat their guest as if they would want to be treated, the Suncoast management don't care if one has a pulse as long as one bring in revenue to their casinos.Their compensation for players is &quot;Zero&quot;. You can be sitting there for 5 hours and end up with a $10 buffet voucher, which they will write it off on their expenses. I stop an executive host to ask a question about the table action and he purposely ignored me and walked away. I have been to this casino in the past and swear to my family and friends that I will never make the drive and step in this casino AGAIN. Suncoast management should understand that they are not the only casino in Vegas and they are not close to being the best. I would rate them bottom of the barrell.Suncoast management: Go back to the basics and treat customers well and they will come back for more action.	
Apr 13 2007	WOW...What a find	What a great place. Cant wait to return. Huge, clean rooms. Some of the nicest employes i have come across in Vegas. Drink service was great and the waitresses have some very sexy outfits. Numerous dining options with great graveyard specials. Gift shop sells liquor and is very reasonably priced. Suncoast was first class in every aspect of my stay from valet parking to checkout. If you are looking to stay off-strip, this place would be hard to beat.	
Mar 31 2007 	We love staying at the Suncoast	We go to Las Vegas once a year and have stayed at different hotels, but the last 4 years we have stayed at the Suncoast and we love it. The rooms are huge and the view is wonderful. It even has a big bathroom and you don't find that too often. We always ask for the mountain view and it overlooks the pool, golf course and the beautiful mountains. It is breath taking. The hotel is not that far from Red Rock Canyon. The hotel staff is very friendly. We have never had a problem there. They have great restaurants. Several to choose from. We love eating at the buffet or the Mexican restaurant. They are pretty reasonable. They have a 64 lane bowling alley and other areas for kids to enjoy. Most anything you need you will find there. If not there are nearby stores. They have a shuttle that will take you to and from the strip free of charge if you are a guest at the hotel so you won't have to bother driving there. They have plenty of good slots, tables and even bingo. They also have movie theaters. We feel very comfortable and safe when we stay there. They have plenty of security. You can't go up the elevators in the evening unless you show security your room key. When you check in they give you fun books and they have discounts in them. Like I said we love it and we are looking forward to our trip this year. We would highly reccommend this hotel if you like being away from the really busy districts like the strip.Larry &amp; Sandra (from Mobile, AL)	
Mar 23 2007	Great Value Great Gambling A Great Find in Las Vegas	If you like a safe and friendly hotel/casino, this is the place. If you are tired of the Las Vegas Strip, this is the place to stay. Surround by golf courses and mountains, only 20 minutes from the Strip, you will love the Suncoast. The rooms are huge, the bathrooms classy, huge towels, great beds, I can't say more. The gambling is economical, but you can still make big bets and win. This was the best Las Vegas experience I have had. The food in the buffet was good, the Oyster Bar fantastic and of course the ice cream shop had great variety - especially carb-free frozen yogurt. Everyone as polite, happy and willing to help - EVEN the dealers. The locals patronize the place and I bet because of the odds and double deck black jack, why not. Being safe is also very important to me, and I never felt uncomfortable or threatened. The big shopping mall and golf courses are a blast!	
Mar 20 2007 	Great value	Outstanding hotel. Stayed in a huge suite at a good price. Hotel and room were very clean. Room was quiet, no noise from the hall or other rooms. Excellent service: valet, bellman, room service, front desk. Front desk had two cribs in our room before our arrival. At most hotels, we have to call two or three times after arrival to get cribs delivered, no matter how often we have requested them ahead of time. Only issue: pool was not heated as much as needed.	
Mar 20 2007 	Nice Hotel nice area	I stayed there with my Friend. We did a lot of shopping during the day and stayed in at the hotel during the night. We went bowling, watched movies and gambled at the hotel. The area Summerlin is a nice area. Don't really have to travel far... everything is there- shopping and dining choices. The traffic to and from hotel is bad. Just avoid rush hour traffic. We left the hotel in the morning and returned around 6pm. Didn't catch much traffic at all. With out traffic it is 15 - 20 minutes away from strip going North. The staff was nice except for the Cafe eating area. The waiter we had was very rude. The Italian rest. was really, really good.	
Mar 13 2007	Suncoast Hotel mixed review	The Suncoast Hotel itself was nice. The room we had was a standard king room and very spacious and clean. The bed and pillows were rather industrial (hard). The fitness room was well-maintained and the hotel overall pleasing. The casino was well-ventilated and equipped with all the standard gaming.The breakfast buffet was a bargain for we &quot;mature&quot; folks. The evening buffet was mediocre at best.The desk was verrrry slow in checking in.The biggest disadvantage of the Suncoast is its location out away from the Strip and downtown. It is isolated in a more residential part of northwest Las Vegas. They do try to compensate by making a free shuttle available which ran on time and took guests to the airport or to the Strip.	
Mar 5 2007 	Nice hotel but filled with cigarette smoke	I stayed at the Suncoast for 4 nights while attending a conference. The rooms are spacious, the view of the golf course was very nice, the food at the many restaurants was pretty good.The downside for me was the cigarette smoke. I was on a non smoking floor - thank goodness. There is so much smoking in the casino and you have to cut through the casino to get anywhere else in the hotel.The location of the hotel is convenient to several interstates so you can quickly move around Las Vegas.We hiked Red Rock canyon which is only about 5 miles from the hotel. We went to the red rock canyon website and found a guided hike that worked with our schedule. Met a small group and took a beautiful 6 mile hike through the canyon. Free of charge. All in all the hotel is nice the smoke drove me crazy though!	
Feb 25 2007	Good choice away from the strip	We stayed here on our first visit to Las Vegas. One of our plans was to hike at Red Rock park and mountain bike in the surrounding areas, so this hotel was very convenient. The room was very nice- spacious, clean and the bathroom was huge with 2 sinks and the toilet/shower area separated by a door. It was also very quiet, we didn't hear another guest or even a toilet flushing the whole time we were there. Being in a casino was a new experience for us, and not one I found pleasant, it was a blast from the past to be in a place where smoking is allowed. No matter what door we entered we had to cross the casino floor to get to the elevators, which was probably an intentional design. We were amused by the slot machines with themes like &quot;Buffet Mania&quot; and &quot;Sea Monkeys&quot;. We didn't gamble so for us the casino was just an annoyance, so I really can't comment on its merits.One of the nice features about the Suncoast was the availability of activities other than gambling and shopping. There is a movie theater multiplex and a bowling alley that is open 24 hours.The food at the on-site restaurants was very good and reasonably priced. On the whole this made a good base for exploring the Las Vegas area and was a very good value.	
Jan 24 2007 	Excellent...	If you've done the strip and want something different, then do this. It's a nice hotel located about 10 miles away from the strip. The good thing is driving back from the strip to this hotel there is not that much traffic and you get to find out where some of the other areas of vegas are. There are loads of shopping / eating complexes on the roads of Charleston and Sahara which are far more enjoyable to eat and shop at. So location-wise, if you have a car, this is an excellent place.The hotel is very local and friendly. The dealers are great fun to talk to and check-in is minimal fuss. Loads of free parking but you'll most likely drive to other restaurants nearby for eating. The rooms are quite large too and spacious. Most importantly they were clean. I stayed one night at the Bellagio to see the difference but found that to be smaller and far more expensive. Not impressed at all with that but that's another review....Pricewise I got something like US$110 per night during the trade show times which is pretty good. If you've got a car, and done the Vegas Strip thing, then this is great value. For sure next January in 2008 I will be staying here.Very very pleased.	
Jan 15 2007 	Different Vegas Experiance	This hotel is 20 minutes or so from the strip in the area where some of the good golf courses are located.It has a large shopping center across and down the street which has a variety of shops.The hotel itself is not bad ,friendly staff ,service was quick in all departments.Gambling was not profitable for me here but at least there was drink servers coming by the machines every couple minutes which is a rarity on the strip anymore.There is a huge bowling alley there but don't expect to walk in and be able to bowl because they are always busy with leagues,etc.You have to show up a half hour before lanes are available take a number and wait and wait and wait to get a lane.Then you have to deal with bad lane conditions and drunken fools running down the lanes with the ball stuck to their hands and a drink in the other that they are spilling.The bowling pro shop is great for any balls,shoes,etc.There is also a movie theatre and an arcade so Suncoast is very kid friendly.We stayed in a suite with 2 bedrooms which was nice enough but this place has the most uncomfortable beds with the worst linens I have encountered in years.The flat panel tvs on the walls are nice and the room was very clean.Good water pressure and hot water for the bath or showers and plenty of towels.Did not eat in any where other then the buffet it was a decent price and the Friday Seafood night was popular.I never knew people could pile on and eat that many crab legs in one night!There are several other places to eat in the hotel along with a gift shop for snacks.Prices are much cheaper then the strip.Parking is either in the covered garage or the outside lot which was easy enough to get in and out of.Valet of course is also available.If I needed to stay in this part of Vegas again I would stay here if i had to bring my kids they don't make you feel unwelcome like some other hotels.I would not however make this my first choice for an adult trip.	
Dec 19 2006 	A good choice if you don't mind being away from the Strip	My wife and I stayed here in mid-December, 2006 for a weekend getaway from Los Angeles. Everything was wonderful. Here is a quick rundown from beginning to end:1) Check-in on a Sat. afternoon was quick and smooth. One issue is that the registration desk is in the heart of the casino. We parked in a side parking lot(closest to the 95 freeway exit) and had to lug our bag thru the whole casino. I did not see any bellman but then again, we didn't look for one either. 2) All employees we had contact with were very polite. When we used the credit card to check-in, they asked for id. Since we were once a victim of identity theft, we appreciate it more these days. 3) The room we had was quite large, 550 square feet. We had a king-bed. The room had a flat screen tv. Note if you bring kids, the channel choices are pretty much limited to news and sports. We had a table, plenty of outlets, a sofa and the bathroom was huge. It has two sinks and the toilet/shower area has a sliding door to separate it. One little nicety for the wife was that the hairdryer located in the room was more powerful than the standard tiny ones most motel chains have. The view was not important to us but we did have a nice one overlooking a golf course and mountains. Overall, the room was clean, spacious, and the weekend rate of $150(163 with tax) may be high for Vegas but I have paid a lot more for the same or less in or out of Vegas. The only negative I can think of was the lighting. There are just a few tiny lamps so don't lose a contact lense!! 4) We ate breakfast and dinner in the coffee shop, Cafe Siena. The food quality was decent though the time between ordering the food and getting it in front of you seemed slow. Service seemed fine and the timing may just have been due to the kitchen since both meals seemed slow in coming but fortunately, the food was still hot! 5) As my wife plays just slots and I spend my time in the race/sports book, the smallish casino suited our needs just fine. If you like to &quot;float&quot; around, this casino may not be the best choice for you. 6) The jacuzzi area was nice and towels are provided. 7) Though I would not say this hotel promotes bringing the kids with you(there are &quot;warning&quot; signs posted to tell you if they see a kid, an adult better be attached to them) , there is a movie theatre, bowling area, and ice cream parlor to keep them occupied. The pool is small so maybe not best if you come in the summer and they want to do a lot of splashing/diving. 8) As has been mentioned in previous reviews, this hotel is about 12+ miles from the heart of the strip. I suggest having a car but the hotel does have a shuttle that takes you to a sister property towards the south part of the strip, The Barbary Coast. There is a Marriott hotel next door with a small casino in it called Rampart if you need a variety. It probably is about a 10 minute walk from door-to-door.9)Check out at the desk was a breeze. You do have the option of checking out via the tv. We enjoyed our stay here and my thoughts are if you don't need the strip or don't mind driving, can accept paying more than Circus Circus rates, and want a good-sized, quiet room, give this place a try.	
Dec 18 2006 	A Nice Hotel	My daughter had a swim meet in Las Vegas so we stayed at this hotel since it was close to the pool. It is mainly in a residential area and kind of far from the strip. But, it is a nice hotel and if you don't need to be close to the strip it is fine. The rooms are nice and large. The bathroom is nice how it has a separate sink area from the shower for families. The only things I didn't like was the fact that there was no mini frig in the room and that the pillows are horrible. The bed wasn't bad but the pillows are really bad. My head actually hurt from the pillows. I asked the hotel if they had any other pillows and they said that was all they had. I didn't sleep very well for 3 nights since the pillows were so bad. I would highly recommend bringing your own pillow. I learned my lesson for next time. The hotel has a nice movie theater which was nice for my daughters to get together with their friends in the afternoon. It has a nice bowling alley which we didn't use. We went to the buffet once and it was okay. It wasn't bad for a buffet but nothing I would die for. We went to the Seattle's best coffee stop that they had in the lobby every morning which was convenient. We also went to the bagel deli place once which was alright.. Overall, it was a decent hotel that wasn't bad for what we needed. If you need to be in that area of Las Vegas it isn't a bad choice. It is in a nice area of town and there are a lot of restaurants and places to shop close by.	
Oct 10 2006 	A birthday experience	Suncoast is absolutely adorible. The rooms are comparible to some of the other hotels in vegas. The pool is beautiful. Especially just before sunset when the reflection of the sun resonates off the beautiful golden panels of the hotel. I especially love the fact that Suncoast does not smell like an ashtray. It is super clean and ventilated. The only downfall was that it was a bit away from the busy part of the strip. The positive side to that was that they provide shuttle service to and from the strip.	
Sep 26 2006	not bad	stayed here in aug 06. not a bad hotel. has all of the basic neccesities. basic room was also nice esp the flat screen. casino average. food below average (go elsewhere). not too far from the strip. overall pleasant stay. i would go back if value was the primary objective.	
Sep 25 2006 	Beautiful Rooms	It was a little bit farther away than what some of the reviews made out, some said 20 min. I don't think so, unless you drive 100 miles per hour and know exactly where you are going. The shuttle took around 30-40 minutes. Other than that it was very nice. Make sure when you pull in that you go to the lobby, valet service, do not park yourself, we did and ended up dragging our luggage everywhere, until we decided to get back into the van, and park at the east side and still had to drag a little bit.The casino is pretty big, and pretty popular for being so far away from the others. I didn't think the smoke was so bad, I am a non-smoker and it did not bother me that much. The buffet was pretty big, several different stations of food (mexican, seafood, mongolian, chinese, american and italian and a huge desert station) tried some things i have never had before. The flavor of the food average, some even a little bland. We ate there only once. The second place we ate at was the Cafe Sienna and the food is great and they have large portions with fair prices. This is the restaraunt that also does room service. Having kids with us this is the only restaraunt that we ate at.And finally the rooms are huge and beautiful, make sure you get the view with the mountains and golf courses, you also can look down at the pool (which was never busy). Bathrooms were huge, seperate room for the toilet and tub. Double sink in the counter room. And a huge 37 inch tv in your living area, you can order movies for 11.00, we didn't though. You have your bowling, arcade and movie theatre if bored with the casino. Bowling prices were fair, and on Wednesdays they had 1.00 draft beer specials.This is a very clean casino, everywhere you look the employees were cleaning up.Payouts on the machines were ok, my mother did alright, won over 1000.00, and one night i heard alot of yelling and screaming over by the tables, someone was having a lucky night.**Negatives: The casino was freezing, I felt sorry for the cocktail waitresses they have very skimpy outifts. If you want cab service you have to make arrangements 24 hours in advance,(we found out the hard way and was late for the mystere show by 20 minutes). It is a bit far away, but after being 1 day on the strip who cares. Hope you have a wonderful time!	
Sep 5 2006 	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Suncoast during Labor Day weekend. The place is about 20 minutes from the Strip, but it was fine because we had a rental car. The place was sold out all weekend, so although I had requested a non-smoking room, by the time I checked in on Saturday, they only had smoking rooms left. Let me say, if you are not a smoker, being in a smoking room is really difficult! I know I'm in Vegas and all, but it doesn't mean I need to be around smoke in my own room! Well, they were able to switch us to a non-smoking room the next day which was great. The hotel is nice, nothing spectacular, but it's clean and it has all the amentities you would want (pool, restaurants, casino, covered free parking). We had breakfast at Cafe Sienna. The food was good and our waitress, Pearl, was a doll! She's a local, so she gave us all these tips around driving around the Strip. We also had breakfast one morning at the Bagel Express which was good as well. Prices at all these places are reasonable.The room was very spacious and it had 37&quot; flat screen tv. My husband loved that.	
Sep 5 2006 	Very nice stay	We stayed at the Suncoast on our way back from a California trip. We got a very nice rate for the Sunday before Labor Day, especially considering holiday hotel rates in Las Vegas. We'd stayed at the Orleans before, which is owned by the same hotel group, and chose this hotel based on the great stay that we'd experienced at the Orleans.Check-in went quite smoothly, without a long wait at the reception desk. We went to our assigned room, but instead of having the 2 beds we'd requested, there was only a king bed and sofa, which didn't work for our party of 3. We called the front desk, and they switched us to a different room with 2 beds.The rooms are very large, with a nice flat panel TV that my husband and grown son loved. The beds are comfortable, but their linens and pillows could use updating. We liked the way the bathrooms are arranged, with 2 sinks outside the toilet/shower area, which made it convenience with 3 of us trying to shower and get ready in the morning. Our room was non-smoking, and the entire floor is also non-smoking, which helps to eliminate any smoke smell.We did go bowling. The bowling area is large, with 64 lanes, and it's nice to have something to do that isn't gambling associated.As other travelers have mentioned, it's extremely smokey in the casino area. We didn't spend any time there, but it was annoying even walking through. My main complaint about the hotel is the way it's laid out. You have to parade through the casino with your luggage. It would be nice if there was a separate entrance for hotel guests that bypassed the casino.We will definitely be staying at the Coast hotels again.	
Aug 22 2006	Decent Room GREAT View....	We stayed at the Suncoast for four nights in mid--August. The hotel is about 20 minutes from the Strip, depending on traffic. The rooms were generally fine (although the lack of a minibar/fridge seemed odd to me), but the view of the Red Rock Park was absolutely astonishing! The floor-to-ceiling windows in our room on the fourth floor gave us an absolutely stunning view of the hills. The view alone was worth the room cost--make sure to ask for a room with a view!Other oddities included the lack of a concierge and the way in which the registration desk was hidden among the slot machines. Given the price, we would certainly stay here again, but it is certainly a mid-priced casino, not the Bellagio!	
Jun 1 2006	Off Strip? Fine by me!	We don't do the normal Vegas thing so staying all the way out in Summerlin wasn't a problem -we tend to go for the climbing at Red Rocks so this was a near perfect location.Loved the Cafe Siena's &quot;Graveyard Specials&quot; from midnight to 9am Monday thru Friday (I think it was Monday) breakfast for an amazing $1.95. Not brillant food but edible. We really didn't eat at the hotel too much - just breakfast which was either from the Seatles' Best stand or the bagel place. The guy on the front desk talked us out of a golf course view - for non-smoking he only had 3rd floor available - it would be over the pool, near some construction and we would hear all the delivery trucks - so we were super pleased with the 9th floor non-golf course view. This view is of two huge condo towers being built - but they were far enough away we never heard them -plus it was Memorial Day weekend so we only saw them working on Friday and Tuesday. Room was bigger than I expected - as was the bathroom. If I had one thing I didn't care for it was that the room and bathroom were a little bit dark. I love the bathroom at Paris - but was willing to give that up in exchange for not hearing my next door neighbors' every word (those thin walls at Paris bug me!).All and all I'd stay here again = but I'd really love to go to the new Red Rocks Palace Station next!	
May 13 2006	good stay- lots of amenities	Stayed at the Suncoast for a week while working in las vegas. The hotel had lots of amenities, many restaurants, would be great for family (it has a movie theater and bowling alley inside). Rooms were large, not the most luxurious, but nice and clean. Also adjacent to many golf courses. Would recommend it and would stay there again if ever in the area.	
May 9 2006	This place is great	I absolutely love this hotel! We stayed there last summer and it was perfect. It is about 20-25 mins. from the strip, but that was not a problem for us because we had our car. It's kinda small, only about 300 rooms, but that made it easy to get around. The pool is awesome!!! It's not too big...but it was NEVER crowded....and we were there in July when it was 105 degrees out! We got lunch delivered to the pool and the burgers and fries were great...just what we needed.We ate breakfast at the buffet, and at the little cafe there (p.s. the brownies at the cafe are scrumptious and HUGE)...well worth the money. We never ate dinner at the hotel, as we were always out and about on the town. You have to eat at The Cheesecake Factory, it is right across the street in a shopping complex. It's yummy and they really do have the best cheesecake! We ate there 3 times (chicken madeira is my fave!). We saw a movie at a theatre down Rampart Blvd...on the corner of Sahara (my sister used to live in Vegas...I have been there numerous times so I know my way around well), but we did not see a movie at the Suncoast, although we have heard it is nice.We had to go bowling....we did so the last night we were there at 2 AM just to say we went bowling at 2 AM! It was alot of fun....pretty crowded for the middle of a Thursday night! But still plenty of room for everyone.We checked out Studio 54 and OPM (been there numerous times....it is our favorite nightclub). Had a blast. Also ate ate Carrabba's, TGI Fridays, Mandalay Bay Buffet (our fave buffet...on Sunday it's free champagne ALL DAY!), and the Aladdin Buffet...all were very good. I am definately a buffet critic...so I know my stuff!A great trip....for a great price. Will for sure be back to Vegas my home away from home!	
Apr 29 2006	big room short on amenities	We spent one night at the Suncoast Hotel and Casino after a family trip to UT and AZ national parks. We wanted to be off the strip. We are not gamblers.This hotel HAS:* large rooms. 2 kids and 2 adults did not feel cramped* a large bathroom with sinks separate from the toilet &amp; tub area* double sinks with plenty of space in between* a table and 4 chairs where you can eat breakfast (that you buy on your own from room service or a coffee shop)* really ugly beadspreads and curtains that don't match the carpeting* only one lightswitch controlling the entire bathroom* ZILLIONS of slot machines which greet you on your way in -- it's not even obvious where the registration desk is!* a nice pool and hot tub* a neighborhood where you will find restaurants and stores -- lots of modern mall-type places in the area. We did not eat in the smokey restaurants of the casino* a game room* a bowling alley* a movie theaterThis hotel DOES NOT HAVE* Do Not Distrub door hangers -- the maid came in TWICE after barely knocking when we were in* a coffemaker in the room* free wireless internet -- it costs about $10* a refrigerator or a minibar in the room* a smoke-free environment, except in the room* enough pillows* comfortable bedsSo overall, it is typical for Las Vegas, nothing special. The cigarette smoke downstairs was overwhleming.	
Apr 22 2006 	Great Hotel - Very Off Strip	My wife and I recently stayed at the Suncoast from April 9 - 13. I was there for work and this hotel was near the location I was working. Compared to the hotels on this strip this is a nice quiet place. It is definately a &quot;locals&quot; casino with most of the clientel from neighboring areas. When we first pulled up the giant gold windows on the outside looked great. Inside the casino was open enough to get around without bumping into everyone and every machine which was a nice change from a lot of others we have visited. Check-in on a Sunday afternoon at 3:00 was very easy, no line at all. The only complaint was that we ended up with 2 queens instead of a king that we prefer, the lady at the counter said they were all booked up that night. Since I didn't reserve the room (my work did) it wasn't specified that I wanted a king, so no big deal, and not the hotels fault. The main part of the room was an above average hotel room with 2 queens a work desk, cabinet with a 25ish&quot; TV, and a lounge chair and ottoman. Some very above average features were the windows - 3 giant floor to celing windows that took up the whole wall, and the bathroom which had a huge counter with two sinks and a seperate room for the toilet and shower. The walls were a very nice tile which was spotless. The shower had the tile and was also spotless and had great water pressure and drained just fine, something I've found many hotels do not. One thing we were looking forward to was the view, but it was just ok. There are some high rise condo's being built and that is what our room faced, but off to one side were the mountains, and off to the other side was the strip way off in the distance. We could see all those, but the condos were our main view. We ate at 4 different restaurants there:1. The St. Tropez buffet - This was a really good deal we ate here three times, the night we arrived, once for a regular breakfast and then came back later on after we had checked out and ate here for their Easter buffet. Both times the food was fresh and the selection had something for everyone from Chinese/Mongolian to Mexican to Italian to meat and potatoes. Also, the desert bar was huge. Each time we were there the service was wonderful. Plates always picked up right away and drinks kept full. 2. Cafe Siena - This was quite good as well. We had dinner there one evening and I ordered off of their chinese menu which was good. Again, the service was exceptional. Very friendly and attentive. They had a great breakfast special too, for $1.95 they had 2 plate size pancakes, 2 eggs and sausage. I was filled up for the rest of the day after that. I was alone that morning so I had brought a book to read and the waitress made sure my coffee and water were kept full as long as I was there, never rushed to get me out of there, which I thought was really nice.3. Senor Miguels - This was a good restaurant, but not as great as the others listed above. I had the red snapper and it was very tasty. Nothing too memorable about this place though.4. Via Veneto - This was quite good, we got there right at 5 and the place was almost empty. The atmosphere was very elegant, but people were dressed in everything from shorts to suits. The food was good italian, and the service was great when it was empty, but when we were getting ready to leave the place was filled up and it took 30 minutes for me to get my credit card back after I went to pay, so I was not impressed with that.Some other notes about this hotel/casino/resort. They have a 16 screen movie theater, a bowling ally that we never got around to using, but both looked quite nice. Also, they have bingo which my wife loved going to the 9AM bingo session because they gave out free donuts. I liked that she went too because she ended up winning $275 one morning. I never had a chance to use the pool, although it was open until 11:00 in the evening. However, my wife did and said it was fine.We did use the shuttle to the strip a couple times, and time is completely dependant on traffic. Once it took about 15min with completely open roads. The other time when we had our luggage because we were moving the the Barbary Coast it took 45min but traffic was stop and go (mostly stop). Overall we were very happy with how clean and how good this service was. The location is a long way from the strip, so not a place for 1st timers, but it is a much more laid back atmosphere than the strip hotels are. We would definately consider staying here again even for a vacation, and possibly never leave the hotel.	
Mar 17 2006	Clean quietreasonable	We stayed here specifically to AVOID the strip and are glad we did. The room was large and very clean,the shower had excellent water pressure, we heard no noise from people walking down the hall openig doors etc., and we heard nothing from the casino. Yes, the casino was smokey but what casino isn't? The servers do dress in skimpy outfits, but not any more so than any other casino, and the dealers, wait staff, front desk personnel, and house-keeping were really nice, friendly and helpful. Be sure to ask for a room with a mountain view, it is spectacular. The breakfast buffet is worth the money, the Mexican restaurant is so-so, and the Cafe Sienna is a B to B-(don't get the french fries.) We didn't try Primos, but highly recommend The Steakhouse at Circus Circus. Yes we know the Hotel Circus Circus is a dump but the restaurant is GREAT. Since the weather was cool we didn't use the pool but it was sparkling clean and the workout room was a reasonable size. Overall I would stay here again and liked it as much as The Venetian with half the price tag. (Travel Now WebSite 84.99 per night!) The one thing I didn't like was their shampoo but my husband didn't mind it.	
Mar 11 2006 	Great hotel for the price	The hotel was very nice. New and clean.Rooms spacious. Bathrooms nothing spectacular but clean and nice.Food at Silverado's and at Don Vitto's both excellent. Food at Oyster Bar very good.Attended a conference there where the food served was also above average....esp for conference food.Missed that they didn't have a spa or pool open yet...coming summer 2006. But for the price (79 per night) that was can be overlooked.Took shuttle to strip twice. On time and not a bad ride both times.Took cab from airport to Suncoast and it was less than $ 20 for 2 people....25 with tip. Bowling alley, on site cinema and kids areas all nice and a big plus if travelling with a family. Kids area charged 6 per hour per child. We didn't have our children with us...but did check these areas out and they were great. Our kids would have had a blast.Bell staff very courteous and helpful with dinner recommendations.Front desk staff courteous and efficient.We would return again...especially after spa and pool are complete.This was a great business and couple get away location...but wouldn't hesitate to bring kids next time. Plenty to keep them entertained.There's plenty to do at the Suncoast....and the strip isn't that far away when you want more action.	
Feb 27 2006 	Not if you want to see Vegas	This is a fine hotel and casino if you don't need a shuttle from the airport or don't want to see the strip. The shuttle from the airport runs at on 2 to 4 hour interval. If you in after 11am the next shuttle is not until 3pm. A taxi is about $50. The hotel is about 25 minutes from the strip in traffic and the shuttles to the strip are not very convenient either. The casino is veryu smoky and you have to go through it to get to the rooms. The rooms are very large and nice and I would consider them above average to excellent. If not for the terrible shuttle service I would have rated this hotel much higher. If you don't want to leave or have a vehicle this would be a nice place to stay.	
Feb 2 2006	This hotel exceeded my expectations	Though FAR off the strip, this hotel was nicely sized (you didn't get lost), clean and fairly new. It has a bowling alley and Bingo which begins on the odd hours. The 2 for 1 ice cream sundae's are HUGE so don't go unless you're up for a challenge. $2.00 craps was fun but the table was cold every time I played. Dealers mostly knew what they were doing but they didn't come across as overly friendly. Rooms are also HUGE as are the bathrooms. Nicely tiled floors, double sink area is separate from toilet and tub. If I wanted a casino experience without &quot;The Strip&quot; feel, I would check out the Suncoast again. Oh, and because it's in a suburban neighborhood, there are many local restaurants, shops and even grocery stores nearby.	
Jan 15 2006	Good Location Bad Location	Hotel rooms in Las Vegas during the annual electronics show [CES] can be expensive and/or hard to find. I had been to the Suncoast before and it seemed like a decent place, so I booked it.It IS in fact located far from the Strip, but a bit closer to downtown. The only life near the place is the Marriott Regent hotel/casino and Angel Park golf course across the street. It is essentially an isolated island. If you don't have a car, you are ---.The good news about the location is that it is in a quiet, desert setting. Additionally, the clientelle seems to be a notch above what would be expected at some of the cheaper hotels and casinos downtown.Huge room and spotless! High speed internet for $9.95 a day, but I didn't bother. Comfortable beds with extra pillows. Big bathroom with two sinks and a seperated bath/shower. Minimal TV channels [just the basics], but at a casino they don't want you watching TV in your room anyway!Buffet was better than average.Normally I would never recommend a Vegas casino to families with children, but the Suncoast might be an execption. There are 16 theaters, 64-lanes for bowling, and a large arcade and decent snack bar. The only problem is that to get to the movie theaters is that the parents/kids have to walk to there through the casino. That was a bit annoying before many of the movies start at nearly the same time.I was there the night of the Rose Bowl game and the bars were a zoo. After the game however, things returned to status quo. Great place for a night or two, but if you get 'cabin fever', make sure you have a car!	
Jan 9 2006 	This place smells!	I was there in July of 2005 for a conference, and would not have bothered to write this review except that I saw that others had ranked it so highly. This place is a pit, way to far from the strip and does not even have poker. I would never stay here again!	
Nov 7 2005	Love the Suncoast	Me and my soon to be husband (we got married October 31st in las vegas, loved it. We had no trouble getting the valet parking or the bellhops. The food was great and we had a great view of the mountians. We stayed on the 5th floor. Played the games and loved it. The craps tables started out a $2 mim and the roulett table started out at $.50 mim.	
Sep 28 2005	more for your money!!!!!	I am sitting in my room at the Suncoast as I write this reveiw to you, via high speed internet service provided by the hotel at a $9.99 fee. ( a bargin since I probably saved $100 over the 24 hour period, by using my computer instead of gambling!!)Trip advisor is my travelers bible. I was surprised at any negative comments about the Suncoast, but most were positve witch steered me to give it a try.We checked in Monday, Sept. 26 and will depart today Sept. 28.Since it is off season and during the week, we may have not experienced the heavey smoke ,bad service or disgrundled staff some have written about.The rooms are huge, bathrooms gigantic, and the beds are heavenly.(must be a coast hotel trait, Barbary coast has same beds)We booked through trip reservations , paid $44 a night, received a coupon book upon arrival that had a free luch buffet and other offers.The buffet was wonderful.We have stayed on the strip, done all the fancy dancy hotels and wanted to try someplace the locals recommended that had all the amenities we wanted for a decent price. We found it right here.This is video poker heaven!We ordered the &quot;American Casino Guide&quot;off the internet which was filled with valuable gambling information and 2 for one coupons for rooms and food, and gamming. We used Suncoast coupons, and had a fabulous dinner buffet (Tues Filet Mingion ,Prime Rib Seafood etc) , 2 for 1 , saved $15., at the Rampart nex door.We are going to use a coupon and stay at the Las Vegas Club downtown on fremont street when we leave here. $49 for both nights or $59 for newer tower rooms.Another valuable sight is &quot;Cheapo Las vegas&quot; , which will critic everything down to the buffets in Vegas. Along with Trip Advisor, and American Casino guide ,our trip is just costing us mostly gambling expense.We are looking forward to trying the other Coast hotels because our experiences so far have been positive.So to some it up, if you want to get away from the strip, want a great place to stay, want to take in a movie (18 screen movie theater), comfy beds,decent price, high speed internet, perfect size workout room, great air conditioning, good food at great prices and on and on this is the place for you!Hope you have as much fun as we have had!!!	
Sep 22 2005	An excellent hotel not so far of Strip Las Vegas	An excellent hotel with an amazing big rooms and cheap prices, all of their with an espectacular view.	
Sep 22 2005 	Clean rooms but couldn't escape cigarette smoke	I stayed at the Suncoast while attending a business seminar recently. My room was clean and comfortable, but I couldn't escape the overwhelming cigarette and cigar smoke from the casino. All of the hotel's amenities (restaurants, movie theaters, conference rooms, bowling alleys) were accessible through the casino, so I couldn't avoid the haze. My health definitely suffered from the stay. I nearly checked-out when I discovered that the large picture window in my room couldn't be opened for ventilation. The Suncoast has nice amenities but toxic air ruined my experience. I was not offered bell service when I checked-in even though I caught a fleeting glimpse of someone in a uniform that looked to a bell person. The front desk was small, understaffed, and had no lobby, and my line snaked-out into a row of slot machines. Finding the hotel elevators from the front desk was is a challenge and best left to the adventuresome. The Suncoast hotel is an afterthought to the casino. This was not the &quot;resort&quot; that I expected and I would not stay there again. I would also recommend against bringing adolescent boys to the Suncoast, unless exposing them to waitresses in lingerie too hot for Victoria's Secret isn't a problem for your family.	
Sep 9 2005	LOVED THE SUNCOAST	we stayed august 23-26 myself, husband and 16 yr son upon arrival we switched to a 2 room suite WOW big glass windows, 2 seperate bedrooms each with master bathrooms one room king bed and marble the other 2 doubles and tile. Big picture windows facing golf course, pool and mountains. Large living room two couches, dining table tv each room and bathroom. AAA 229.00 PER NIGHT. Hotel very clean and not too noisy at all they have a bowling alley, movie theater and arcade on thursdays they have pool parties over 21 we never heard noise. We ate at the coffee shop good breakfast nice service , they also have other restaurants and snack places. Lots of places right down the road to eat also KONA GRILL GREAT there is also a chilis, mac grill and lots of fast food there is a mall across the way. Lastly the strip is 15-20 away if you take the freeway which is close and easy 95-to the 15 don't take Charleston too many lights. Will be back for sure.	
Aug 27 2005	Never felt so deceived by reviews	I am not writing to complain. I am writing to warn off trusting readers from believing these raving reviews for Suncoast. I have used Trip Advisor for years; I swear by it, and travel no where without consulting it. But I now feel, in retrospect, utterly deceived by these rave reviews for the Suncoast resort. On the strength of them, I booked us in for our wedding anniversary. Ouch! The litany of our woes began: no one came to help us with our bags when we first drove up. Our $240 a night room was very ordinary. (For example, no in-room safe -- a staple in every hotel i've ever stayed at). Dinner service at Primo's was bad, bad, bad; and took forever for us to be waited on, despite a half-empty restaurant; food was tasteless. Slot machines give paper tickets, no coins drop when you win (a trend in Las Vegas I wasn't aware of). Since there was no in-room safe; the next morning I tried to leave my laptop with personnel inside the security cage; they said they had no boxes to rent, nor could they take responsibility for the computer; as I am writing a book and the laptop had files on it I couldn't afford to have anyone read or steal, I was left to lug it around the Strip all day. Incidentally, it took a far longer time to get downtown from the Summerlin area to the Strip, than the reviews said.Decided I'd had enough. went on the Internet to Trip Advisor, learned the Venetian resort had a king luxury suite with sunken living room at $169 a night, or $70 less than the Suncoast. Booked it. Checked out of Suncoast at 7 p.m. and into the Venetian. Three bellmen surrounded our car when we drove up to the Venetian; whisked our bags inside. Gorgeous classical music playing. Breath-taking decor and art along the walk between registration desk and the main hotel. Our room was stunning; beautiful antiques and classy decorations - - and Vivaldi!! In-room safe that easily stored my lap-top. Helpful concierge that stayed on the phone 15 minutes gettting us tickets to a late night show (Jubilee!). Slots produced coins dropping into the tray whenever you won. Just like the old days. (I'm into nostalgia, especially on a fantastic anniversary!) Heaven! I'll go back to the Venetian in a minute.Every resort will appeal to some people. I know there is a (heavy) market for the Suncoast - - to the dismay of the near-by Marriott's. The $52 a night rooms appeal to families, and the gambling tables are inexpensive. I just think that the visitor weighing whether to stay there or not, needs to be told (as I have attempted here) that the overwhelming ''raves&quot; here for the Suncoast are deceiving. It is a clean, inexpensive large hotel, way out of town. Period.	
Aug 26 2005	Definitely a very good hotel for the money	Pros: $52/night (weekdays), fairly large rooms, nice golf course/mountain view (be sure to ask for it upon check-in), very nice bathrooms with dual sinks/marble counters/large &quot;earth&quot;-tiled side walls/strong water power, free breakfast buffet every morning (given free vouchers upon check-in).Cons: 3rd night stay could smell smoke coming through A/C vents, tap water not very good tasting, bath towels VERY full of loose LINT, &quot;Therapeutic Thursday&quot; pool party VERY loud until 10:30pm (baby crying through the night).Overall this hotel is very good and should get the high marks most people give it. Also, it is close to some nice shopping and restaurants (e.g., Cheesecake Factory, ClaimJumper, Chilis, Roy's Hawaiian Fusion, etc.). We drove out to Red Rock Canyon for some calm and quiet and it was beautiful, and only a 15 minute drive from the hotel. The strip is about a 20-25 minute drive. Would we stay again? Probably not but will be open to trying the new SouthCoast Hotel when it opens in early 2006. This hotel is just south of the strip and closer for us Los Angeles folks. At day's end, I do recommend this hotel but with some reservation.	
Aug 23 2005	Good value.	Good value if you want an off strip hotel, if you are not sure where to stay then go for somewhere a bit more central.Room was spacious, clean and nice but did not have particularly good views and was also a bit noisy due to some large air con units being located nearby.Buffet was good value for money and the food was good too. Cocktails at the casino bars were poor.Service was very good, probably the best I have experienced anywhere in Vegas.	
Aug 19 2005	Truly great	Away from the hustle and bustle of the city center, located in beautiful landscape and close, and when I say close, than I really mean it, to shopping and out of hotel dining. The rooms were big, great furniture, clean and everything you could whish for, the pool was big and clean, nice jacuzzi, nice buffet, cheap deals for those staying at the hotel and many other hot deals.Will definitely go back!!	
Aug 19 2005	Great price	Pros- We paid $52 for a night which included free buffet breakfast. The room was large, clean and very upscale. The pool, work out facility and hot tub were great. The property is way off the strip with a backdrop of the mountains. There is a high end mall very close, which has a good restaraunt called the Kona Grill. It is close to major roadways. The property includes golf, bowling alleys and a movie theater.Cons- You have to walk through a casino to do go anywhere, including register at the hotel or go to breakfast. There is a ton of smoke in the casino.	
Aug 4 2005	Best kept secret in Las Vegas!	Beautiful property, large, clean rooms with ***cold*** air conditioning (you'll want that in the desert!), staff extremely friendly and helpful, absolutely wonderful restaurants, casino extremely clean (don't know how they do it, it never closes, of course) just like the rest of the hotel. We had a room on the casino side and although you can see the (clean) roof of the casino, you also have a million dollar view of Las Vegas, especially at night when the city sparkles. No request was too much for any of the staff in any department. I've never seen such clean rooms. The decor is tasteful and modern. Perhaps best of all, it's NOT on The Strip. We visited a few casinos on The Strip and let me tell you I was glad we were staying at Suncoast. It felt like coming home when we returned to our room. We were sorry to have to leave but will definitely come back. Be sure to get the Club Card for the slots. Even with a little playing the points add up fast and we used them to get a great free meal. We ate almost all meals at Suncoast and they were all delicious. Don't miss the rasberry iced tea, it's the best in the world. We don't have children but there are services dedicated to them as well. They won't feel left out. Explore the property. It's large (how they fit a 64-lane state of the art bowling alley on the 2nd floor and made it so quiet you wouldn't know it's there, I don't know), but it's not ridiculously large and irritating like so many hotels on The Strip. We can't wait to go back next year. THANK YOU, SUNCOAST!	
Jul 25 2005	The best kept secret !	After weighing out the comments, I decided to go in favor of the good reviews and ignore the bad ones for many reasons. I arrived thurs at the Suncoast and I must say, for $50 I have found the &quot;Golden Goose&quot;.Whoever said the Suncoast was too smokey, needs to stay at the Holiday Inn (no casino). I'm not a smoker myself, however I am mature enough to accept that the by-product smoke goes along with the scheme of things.I didn't read anyone complaining about the free drinks or the half naked waitresses passing them out (the true smokescreen).There is a reason they call it &quot;Sin City&quot;. Who cares about not getting the &quot;Golf course view&quot;, Tiger Woods ain't out there waiving at me. The 550sq ft. room was not only sufficient, it was decorated beautifully; I closed the curtains and enjoyed-That View. Although me and my husband ate bkfst with the free coupons, the buffet is only $5.95, who expects &quot;delicious delicacy&quot; for under $6 anyway?The front desk staff were handing out coupon books and free buffet tickets &quot;Hand over Fist&quot;, who cares if it don't taste like your mamma's cooking.I took my kids bowling with the coupons, and we saw the &quot;Fantastic 4&quot; at the theatre (free popcorn coupon).For the &quot;Goldilocks&quot; looking for the cleanest air, the orthopedic mattress, the gorgeous view, and cuisine meals, all at the best price: &quot;Stay at Home&quot;.For those of us looking for the best kept secret: try the Suncoast.I want to thank the tripadvisor for being a great tool when it comes to vacation planing. you are also a &quot;Golden Goose&quot;.	
Jul 19 2005 	Better than expected!	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Suncoast in Las Vegas. We usually stay at the JW Marriott which is located right next to the Suncoast but they didn't have rooms available so we thought we'd try the Suncoast. I have to say that we were really impressed all around. The price: We booked online directly through the Suncoast's website. The room rate we got was $59 a night and included breakfast buffet for 2, 2 passes to the pool party, and coupon book with discounts on ice cream, coffe, free popcorn at the movie theatre, bowling, golf coupons and many more. For $59 a night we really wondered about the quality of the room we were going to get. What a surprise!The room: Located on a non-smoking floor, very nice! The rooms are large by Vegas standards. We had a room with 2 double beds - very comfortable by the way , a comfy chair and ottoman, a table with 3 chairs, armoire with TV, and a desk with chair. We were traveling as a family of 4, 2 adults, 2 toddlers. We had plenty of room and never felt cramped. The bathroom is mid sized, with a sliding door that seperates the sink/vanity area from the toilet/shower area. Soaps, shampoos, bath gel, and a hair dryer were availble too. I didn't include an inside picture of the room, if you go to the Suncoast website you'll see exactly what our room looked like, same bedding, decor, etc. It was very nice. The floor to ceiling windows really give the room a nice open feel. We had a great view of the golf course, pool, and the JW from our room. In comparison to the JW rooms, the only difference is that the bathroom is larger. The room itself is actually nicer at the Suncoast and at a 3rd of the price it's a great deal!Service: Excellent - Valets, bell services, room service, pool servers, front desk, security, everyone we came into contact with was exceptionally nice!Food: The prices here for food are excellent, very reasonable! Tried the Mexican restaurant for lunch one day, pretty good food! The bill for 3 adults and 2 toddlers was just over $25 with entrees, and drinks! Prices are great, espcially the lunch specials! We also had ice cream at the ice cream shop, huge sundaes for just $4, got 2 for 1 with the coupon book! Had a few pastries from the coffe place too, very good! Room Service prices are the best i've ever seen. They state that there is a service charge of $2 per person, but we were never charged more than $2 total, even when ordering for a group of 7 down by the pool. Full american breakfast - eggs, bacon, toast, hash browns - $7.95, cereal $2.95, pancakes - 4 of the biggest we've seen, just $4.95. We also had room service by the pool one afternoon - Chicken fingers and fries - enough for 2 to share $8.95, soft drinks $2.00 - and they don't just bring a can or one single cup, they bring a carafe full of soda and ice and a cup for each, you get about 3 full drinks from each. Again, across the way at the JW you'll pay double to triple the price for room service and there is no difference in quality, I think the food at the Suncoast was actually better!Pool: It's not a very big pool, but that's ok because it was never crowded while we were there. One morning we went down at 9am to swim and there were never more than 3 or 4 other people in the pool with us. We stayed down there until 2pm and we're alone half of the time. There's also a seperate jaccuzi up some steps on it's own patio. The first day we arrived the pool was so warm that the kids didn't even want to swim, by the next morning the temp was nice and cool.Casino: SMOKEY!!!! When we initially pulled up to the casino you could smell the smoke as we got out of the car, luckily we either got use to it or the filters started working a little better because it didn't seem so bad by day 2! We don't really gamble, slots here and there, but the casino looked nice, wasn't too crowded, and was a mix of young and old. The resort also has a movie theater, bowling alley, a kids club, and some other restaurants which we didn't try. I would definetly stay here again, my husband and I agreed that the Suncoast is better than the JW in all respects except for the pool (the pool at the JW is fantastic!). Great rooms, good inexpensive food, lots of food choices. The Suncoast is also located near a few shopping centers where you'll find a Cheesecake Factory, Claim Jumper, Mimi's, Chili's, and PF Changs. You'll be about 20-30 minutes to the strip depending on traffic, oh yes there is traffic! It's traffic comporable to LA and Orange County, the freeways are a mess! If anyone tries to get you to use the beltway, ignore them, it's worse than the freeway traffic! I would recommend the Suncoast for families, younger people who aren't party animals, and older folks. If you're a partier this isn't the place for you, you belong on the strip!	
Jul 14 2005	A Terrific Place to Stay	My wife and I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas over the past 30 years and I have to say that the SunCoast ranks up as the best overall. We stayed 3 nights (Sun - Tues) 4 days and it was one of the best trips to Vegas we have had. The hotel is in a great part of town - Summerlin. It is one of the newer areas in Las Vegas surrounded by great shopping malls and Restaurants. It is a mixed residential/business area but definitely upper class area.The Hotel is very attractive from the outside with lots of self parking or you can use the valet service as we did. We found the casino to be plenty big but not so big that you get lost in it. We checked in quickly and went to our room; a nice size room with floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the Badlands golf course.....what a view!!! The room was very clean and nicely decorated (as well as any Vegas hotel can be). I called the bell desk for our luggage and within 3 minutes it was at our room.We found the service to be good from everyone and found the staff to be friendly and efficient. The hotel has just about everything you want - plenty of gaming, a variety of food, a nice movie theater, pool and spa (guess one drawback might be that the pool is not very big), a gym, hair salons, etc. In regards to the food, I had read several posts here regarding the poor quality of the food. On Monday night, we went up to the strip and paid $22 for the buffet at Ceasars Palace. On Tuesday night we ate at the Suncoast Buffet for $13 and found it to be much better than Ceasars. We also ate a breakfast buffet and ate at the coffee shop and found both to be very good. No complaints from me on the food. They also have a Seattles Best Coffee bar and an ice cream stand which I enjoyed. They also have a great bowling alley.If you are looking for the exciting night life and crowds of the strip, this is not the place. But it is not boring either. We found the crowd to be mixed age and somewhat like you might find on the strip and not the old locals that you find at some of the off strip casinos. My biggest disappointment was that they did not have a poker room as I enjoy playing.For those of you that care, they have some of the best looking cocktail waitresses I've seen in Vegas. If you have seen the ones at the Rio then these girls are just as attractive.Best of all, we went home with more money than we came with. Lots of video poker machines - more than I have seen in most casinos. No Let it Ride tables though. Table minimums for blackjack were mostly $5. Its about a 30 minute drive up to the strip with traffic so that can be a drawback, but if you get to the strip like we did and grow tired of the crowds, its so nice to get back to the Suncoast. We have definitely found a new place to stay in Las Vegas. Looking forward to our next trip.	
Jun 27 2005	Really Outstanding!	The Suncoast is out there, off the beaten path but it's really worth the drive. The rooms are huge, as well as the bathrooms. They were also spotless. There are a variety of restaurants. (Go hungry to the Mexican restaurant---the chips and salsa w/beans will fill you up!) I was able to get a room for four days during the week at $51.00 per night on the 'net. Prices go up considerably on Friday night but still, rent a car, don't stay on the strip. You will not believe how relaxing this place is. The view of the surrounding mountains was incredible. You do not appreciate Nevada unless you get away from Las Vegas. Also this hotel is only about 12 miles or so, if that, from Red Rocks which is awesome. Also, a big point is that we do not gamble so the slots, etc., meant nothing to us. The bartenders were great. Only downside, hotel registration does NOT give good directions and isn't particular pleasant. The housekeepers were often frowning. Possibly too much work. A good tip helped. The parking valets were smiling and happy to help and pool was beautiful and empty in the morning and evening. The casino is smokey, but that's pretty much the case anywhere you'd go. My kids are 13 and 16 and they loved it. Because we booked for four days (through Expedia) we received breakfast every morning. The buffet was just above average but don't expect to get an incredible meal here. Go elsewhere if you are vacationing strictly for the food. The upscale restaurant (Primo's) had average service, good prime rib and fabulous chicken. But it was no place for teenagers who were picky eaters. I did think the cost of the room service was very reasonable as well.	
Jun 26 2005	well pleased	stayed at the suncoast june 12 thru 17 and june 19 thru 21, we have been to vegas numerous times before staying in strip hotels, this time we wanted a hotel away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and we found a gem called the suncoast.This hotel has everything and we could not fault it in any way, the staff were very friendly and not in your face like some hotels, the property was very clean and the room was spotlessly clean and had a wonderful view of the golf course, as we checked in we were given vouchers for free buffet breakfasts which was awesome. There is a hotel shuttle to the strip etc, but we used a hire car for our stay there. The Suncoast is where we will stay next time in vegas.	
Jun 12 2005	Wonderful Stay At The Suncoast!	My husband and I took a week vacation out out Vegas - the first part of the week we stayed on the strip (TI), then headed to Zion National Park for a few days and back to Vegas.We stayed the later part of our trip at the Suncoast and were pleasantly surprised with the accommodations! The room was BEAUTIFUL and although we had a room that overlooked the rooftop to the casino, we did not mind as the 100 degree + sun had us closing our blinds during the day to help keep the room cool.I have stayed at just about every hotel/casino on the strip in Vegas (my favorite being Rio Suites) and this room was very similar in size to the Rio.The food was not bad - pretty standard as far as the buffets go.Although it was about a 20 minute ride from the strip it was really nice to be away from all the hustle and bustle, yet the hotel/casino offered many things to do!The pool was nice and quite, but my only compliant was that they did not have the bar open during our stay, so we had to make a stop off at the store for some waters to take to the pool with us.On our last day there, we had a very late flight out and they allowed us to pay for an extra 1/2 day so we could check out later even though they were totally booked.I would highly recommend the Suncoast and would definitely stay there again!	
May 29 2005	4.5 of 5: Only 15 Minutes from Strip; Rooms Outstand; Food - poor	The Suncoast is a nice, comfortable, friendly off-strip hotel. Part of the Coast Casinos (now an affiliate of Sam Boyd's empire), this is clearly the &quot;class&quot; of this already classy company.I arrived early, at 9:30 on a Monday morning. Though the desk clerk barked a bit about my early check-in, I explained that the flight took off at 7 AM and I wanted to at least check-in my baggage as I had medicines in there that could be damaged by the heat of the car trunk. It was suddenly okay. She found a perfect room on the third floor (non-smoking), facing the golf course (the odd numbered rooms), and only a few feet from the elevators and ice machine.What a room! It was only me, but I ended up with two queen beds. The amenities - two very comfortable beds; three telephones (one next to the toilet); an 18&quot; TV (a bit small, and this is apparently being remedied at their new hotel to open next year, the Southcoast.. it will have plasma widescreens); a nice chair and ottoman, dining table with three chairs with rollers on bottom, and a writing desk. There is NO coffee maker, as some travel web sites say there is. Instead, there is a Seattle's Best coffee stand a short walk across the casino from the rooms. The prices are reasonable (think Starbucks), and I think the coffee is far superior to Starbucks (doesn't taste burned like their's does).You hit the jackpot in the bathroom, with oatmeal soap, milk and honey hand soap, shampoo, conditioner, hand lotion, mouthwash and something else I can't quite remember. The AC got too cold, even on the 100 degree days (it was transition week-- started at low 80s F and finished at 101 F). No foul taste or smell to the water... very nice. Plenty of towels and some plus washcloths. The telephone next to the toilet intrigued me. You'd have to be a really busy guy or gal to use that one. I'd be afraid the person on the other end of the phone would hear a flush or worse. But then again I don't get the people who talk on their cell phones when sitting in a stall in a public restroom. I have yet to hear an important, life-altering conversation in one, have you?Downstairs in the casino you have a nice choice of gaming. Everything's available, including the older slot machines that I like (the three wheel kind where you actually know when you've won and why). There's an 18 screen movie theater, where I saw Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith. There are several restaurants. I ate in the Cafe. Skip the Porterhouse steak, friends. Special or not, shoe leather is more supple. The breakfast in the St. Tropez Buffet is pretty bland and pedestrian. Some things smelled and tasted freezer burned. It's got an incredibly complete fitness center that looks almost as complete as any 24 Hour Fitness I've ever seen. They only thing they don't have is free weights. But it does have towels and plenty of Sierra Spring in a water dispenser to cool down your partched body before, during and after your workout. And there are three TVs (much bigger screens than in the room) to keep you diverted while sweating. There's even a panic button if somebody gets ill or has an accident. The room is on the 2nd floor, where all the executive offices are also located. Sadly, it doesn't look like anybody uses it. They sure didn't when I was there at 10 am each morning. Sad, sad.Around the corner from the fitness center is the exit to the pool area. Wow! Very, very nice and quiet. And I mean QUIET! It has a hot tub and olympic sized pool, in separate areas. Plenty of shade, too. It isn't the Tropicana's &quot;Island&quot; or the mega-pools you'd find at some of the strip hotels, but it is wet and soothing, with nice new-ageish music playing. There were maybe 10 people there. I'll take that over hundreds surrounding a garish, loud pool any day.The distance from the strip is not as bad as you think. The only difficult time getting to and from the strip are the morning and afternoon rush hours, about 7 - 9 am and 4 - 6 pm. And whatever you do, don't use Tropicana any time-- ongoing construction to continue through 2005. Generally, it took me a half-hour to get back and forth during rush hour. The rest of the time, my drive was about 15 - 20 minutes through town on surface streets. You can either drive down Charleston or via the Summerlin Hwy, connecting to the 15 Freeway. I found they took about equal time, but the scenery down Charleston or Sahara was more interesting. There is also lots of construction is going on at the moment between Charleston and Tropicana along Alta Dr (Alta is the street in front of the hotel). If you want to get to Tropicana (also has way, way too much construction going on, and will have until year's end), go from Alta Dr to Charleston, turn left, and then take any cross street right after the strip mall with Barnes and Noble. It will cut much time and cussing from your trip.So friends, do not be afraid of staying at the Suncoast, especially if you're there on a business trip. Being away from the strip can actually be a pleasant experience. It's only 15 minutes away, and Suncoast also has a shuttle to Barbary Coast, right at Flamingo and LV Blvd. So you can get there even without a car. All-in-all, I give it a 4.25 out of 5. If the food was as good as the restaurants at the Station Casinos, especially the Sunset Station, I'd rate this a 5 all around. The hotel is a 5. The food is a 2.A week after I got home my bill arrived. In it was some nice promotion material for the new hotel, the Southcoast, which is opening in early 2006. And also enclosed were TWO, very generous coupons for 20% off my next visit to the Suncoast and $20 credit in their restaurants. Wow! It is, indeed, a classy place with good management and excellent marketing. I will certianly come back.I've also posted pictures of my room, the view, the fitness center, and the pool area. Enjoy!Best regards and GOOD LUCK!	
May 10 2005	Far From Strip but Nice	I stayed with my sister in this hotel...Basically, as it was New Years, various other hotels closer to the the Strip were booked. The SunCoast staff were very helpful &amp; friendly, even when our flight was delayed and we had to reschedule our shuttle pick-up from the airport---use this! The SunCoast is very far from the airport and it is free so you will save yourself money.The rooms and bathrooms were very clean and spacious. The buffet downstairs was decent. The only downside is, again, its distance from the Strip. The shuttle times are not very convenient, especially if you want to spend a night on the town. The cab fare from the Strip to our hotel costs us around $30. So, keep that in mind.Hope this helps!	
May 8 2005	First Time Off Strip	This was the first time we stayed at a hotel away from the Strip. The rooms at the Suncoast are larger than most other Vegas hotels. Our room had large window with a great view of the golf course which is ajacent to the hotel. The hotel had a friendly staff. The only problem was our room was next to the lagre air conditiioning units that service the entire hotel which made our room sound as if we were in a jet airplane with the continued rumble which never stopped. Depending on how sensitive one is to this noise, it could make your stay miserable especially trying to sleep. The hotel runs a shuttle to the Strip, but you are dependant on their schedule. It doesn't look far on a map but driving from the Suncoast to Strip is a definate hassle what with the traffic. Overall, its a nice hotel and had we had a room away from the air conditioning units I would have noting negative to say but I probabley would not stay there again. Our room rate was nothing special and the distance to the strip does make a difference.	
May 2 2005 	Room Without a View	Even-numbered rooms on the third floor look out onto the casino roof with any view blocked by the hotel's faux facade. Aside from a view of the sky and distant mountains, there is nothing to see but the debris that has accumulated on the casino roof.The &quot;front desk&quot; is on one side of the casino, with elevators to rooms on the other. A gas mask would be helpful in crossing the smoke filled space, filled with seniors puffing away and spending their Social Security benefits.The coffee shop offers $1.95 &quot;graveyard specials&quot; for breakfast, which would indeed send you to the graveyard if you ate there regularly.It's possible to walk to some good markets (Von's, Whole Foods), Barnes and Noble bookstore, and interesting restaurants (Kona Grill, PF Chang's, and even Roy's) if you're the adventurous type. Everything else of interest is a long drive away.	
Apr 12 2005	Great Vacation!	We stayed at the Suncoast 03/25/05 to 04/01/05. We had our 14 year old daughter with us so we wanted to stay off the strip. The Suncoast was perfect. We rented a car so traveling to the strip or elsewhere was no problem. The room was very large and kept spotlessly clean. The restaurants were good, but we ate other places also. The pool area was great, we practically had it to ourselves this time of year. All of the staff was very helpful and polite. The views from our room were beautiful. We didn't go to golf but the course looked great. There is a lot of newer shopping and restaurant opportunities in this area of North Las Vegas. It is only a few miles to Red Rock Canyon, which is spectacular. My daughter loves to have her picture taken, and this was the perfect spot. The only thing I would recommend is that the hotel put a refrigerator in the rooms. Other than that, we had a great trip and would definitely stay at the Suncoast again!P.S. Make sure to go to the Liberace Museum. It's great fun. My husband was reluctant to go, but really liked the cars.Hoover Dam is a must. It has been almost exactly 20 years since we were there last. What a change. It is certainly one of the most amazing things I have ever seen.	
Apr 7 2005	Beautiful place---	Stayed at this property from 3/27-4/4. Room was very nice, large, double sink in bath, separate shower/toilet area. Room service was good and the prices quite reasonable. Great little Mexican Rest./ Area arround property is golf orient. and close to mountains. Only complaint is the shuttle drivers seem to leave a little early (missed it twice) 1st time I was going to Caesars to see CELINE and the taxi was $30., so either set your watch ahead or get to shuttle area 10-15 minutes early. Liked being away from the bustle of the strip and the Casino there really packs in the locals. Nicest waitress outfits I saw (LOL). Plus, there is a movie theater and bowling alley. All in all, would definately stay there again.	
Feb 19 2005	Far from Strip but great locals joint	I stayed here with my boyfriend last year around Thanksgiving. I thought for what it was it was a good stay. The room was spacious. Got to use the hot tub and the gym facilities. Pretty decent. Clean. If you're looking for fancy then don't stay here. It's a good basic hotel. The food is decent. Had the dinner in the 24 hour cafe. I'd probably eat dinner elsewhere. Breakfast buffet was pretty good for the price. Cheap. They have early bird breakfast specials that are amazing if you are up that early or still out from the night before. There's a bowling alley and a movie-plex here so there's non-gambling things to do. Don't stay here if you want to go out on the strip and don't have a car. You need a car to stay here. I would stay here again if I had access to a car and wanted to stay somewhere a bit cheaper.	
Jan 12 2005	Loved the Suncoast	Beautiful rooms and view of the golf course. A little out of the way but worth the drive. Restaurant had great food and they have a movie theatre at the resort. Good security too! Would definately recommend the Suncoast.	
Nov 26 2004	Great Place!	Stayed here to golf for three days and had a great time! Our room on the fourth floor overlooked the golf course. We could sit on the couch and look thru the &quot;wall of windows&quot; and watch the golfers. The bed was great. My 6'2 hubby was in love with the shower, had massage and was high. The St tropez buffet was excellent. The Oyster bar was great. Service was great every where. We had just stayed at the Golden Nugget for weekend, this room was bigger and just as nice. Will be back!	
Nov 21 2004	Great Hotel....but	Very nice Hotel with quiet comfortable rooms. I inadvertantly left a camera in the room when I checked out at noon and when I phoned to ask about it (before their 3pm check in time) they supposedly went to check the room and I was told the camera was not there. Also, no one else had checked into that room at that time. It would seem they have some dishonest employees.......be careful with your belongings !!!!!!!	
Oct 29 2004	Best Stay in LasVegas	We had to go to LasVegas for a medical appointment and booked a room with the Suncoast Hotel &amp; Casino. We have triedalot of different hotels in LasVegas. Theroom and service here were exemplary.We heard absolutely no noise at nightand found the stay most enjoyable. Wechose to use room service as we werequite tired and the food was excellent andagain the service was the best we have had in any of our other hotel stays. Theview over the golf course was just bea-utiful. Again our stay although short wasmost enjoyable and relaxing;I did notwant to go home, as I liked the pamperedfeeling I had. I am sure to return again.B. Walton &amp; J. Winsor	
Oct 14 2004	Wonderful stay	I stayed at Suncoast on business for a week. I had a great time. The rooms are a good size and the bed was so LARGE and comfortable. I liked the restroom. They have a double sink (his and her's, which is NICE). The only thing I would ask that be changed is the shuttle times to the strip. It should come a little more often. Other than that I had a great stay, I would come back for another stay!	
Oct 2 2004	Another great stay at the Suncoast	This was our third stay at the Suncoast. My wife and I both love staying here. The hotel is a good distance from the strip, which is not a bad thing. The rooms are clean and large. The price is more than fair. The buffet is great, especially the breakfast. If your tired of the long lines to check in, or wait for a buffet try the Suncoast.	
Sep 29 2004	Great Diversion	My wife and I stayed here from Sept 22-to-26. This is our 11th trip to Vegas in 10-years, and this was the best trip to date. We have stayed at places like The Rio, Paris, Cessars, Golden Nugget, and MGM. The Suncoast IMO has them all beat. What a relief from hustle and bustle of the strip. No traffic, 10-minute check in, treated like someone special, wife broke even on slots, and no pushing or shoving just to get around the casino.I go to Vegas to play golf and blackjack. And this place hits the bulls-eye, right next to two excellent courses Bad Lands and Angel Fire. Plenty of low limit Black Jack tables with knowledgeable and courteous dealers. The food is OK, but the location of the resort is near all the better upscale restaurants in Vegas. The strip is a 10-minute drive away for those who must experience that, but it is nice to return to reality back at the Suncoast. I will return to this place every time I come back to Vegas	
Sep 14 2004	A little piece of heaven	My husband was home for his 2 week R &amp; R for the Army from Iraq. I spoke w/ reservations before we booked and they gave us a nice discount. Then when we got there, we were early - like 10:00am, but they put us in the best available. A room in the middle of the 6th floor. We stayed w/ them from 8/15-8/19. We woke up to sun rises on the golf course and sunsets over the canyon.... such a breath of fresh air! We also loved the fact that it was away from the strip. We stayed on the strip for 2 nights and were really kind of appauled by the whole atmosphere of the place. We were thankful for the serenity the Suncoast brought. And the slots are A LOT looser then the strip and the bid in on the table games is much lower. (blackjack starts at .50 cents!) Have recommended the place to everyone and will stay there again. Oh - and the .99 cent breakfast is great.	
Sep 8 2004	Not that far away.................	Stayed at the Suncoast from Aug 30- Sept. 2, 2004.Everything aspect of the hotel was excellent , check in was breeze 10 mins tops. Clerk put us on the 9th floor overlooking golfcourse. Bellman brought our bags up promptly and made sure we had adequate amout of towels ect. Hotel is surrounded by very upscale nieghborhoods , several shopping centers with plenty of eating choices. Our favorites P.F.Changs and Cheesecake Factory both within 5 mins. of hotel. $2 min craps and $3 B.J. available along with $5 single deck BJ. for us lowroller types. We were comped several meals during our stay. As noted it is a bit off the strip but for us that was a plus. Less noise , trafffic and kids. Will probley be our new homebase for our twice a yaer vegas trips.	
Sep 4 2004	Suncoast made an error and they should pay up.	I received a great comp offer this month, and I thought I would again give the Suncoast another chance, even though they took out all my favorite machines. The day after I received the great comps, signs were placed all over the casino that there was a &quot;computer error,&quot; and they would not honor the comps that were sent out. I think they should have honored them inasmuch as it was their error, and it would have showed fantastic PR to admit it was their error, and they would go ahead and honor them this month. You just don't care about the locals.....	
Aug 30 2004	a really nice place	This was a nice place to stay.	
Aug 12 2004	Great!!	The room is large, clean, with ceiling to floor windows over looking the golf course. The food in the buffet was above average. We were given coupon books for great discounts on food and just about everything else. The casino is smokey. A great place to stay, I'll deffinitely stay there again.	
Aug 10 2004	Excellent Value	We stayed three nights on a recent weekend trip to Vegas. I checked prices online, found the best rate and then called the hotel to book - they matched the rate and gave us a 5% discount on top of that. The room was wonderful - large, clean, and very comfortable. We had no wait to check in or out, walked right up to the desk both times and the staff was friendly and helpful. Our only complaint was that the buffet was horrible, probably the worst food I've ever had at a Vegas buffet. Room service food was excellent however and very affordable. The drive to the stip was long but it was actually nice to leave the hustle and arrive back to the tranqility of the Suncoast. We will definately stay again.	
Aug 6 2004	Great hotel away from the Strip	I stayed at the Suncoast July 28 - 30, 2004. Hotel seems very new. Rooms are huge, very comfortable, well-equipped, spotless. Views from the south side high floors of downtown; from the north side of golf course and mountains. Many dining choices. Food at oyster bar and breakfast and dinner buffets was excellent. Room service was prompt and top quality. Free covered parking, coupons for free drinks and discounts offered at check-in. This place is a great deal, and in a pleasant location off the beaten track.	
Jun 14 2004	Great place!	I stayed at the Suncoast from May 21-23, 2004. We had a room on the 9th floor with a gorgeous view of the golfcourse and mountains. I loved the huge picture windows! The room was big and very nice and clean. The hotel is only 4 years old, and even though it is away from the strip it was lovely. Enjoyed the bowling alley late one night and they also have movie theaters. The food was good at the cafe. Great 99 cent breakfast specials during the week. I highly recommend this hotel! No complaints at all!	
May 12 2004	Great Golf Location	This place is perfect if you come to Vegas for the Golf. Several first tier and second tier courses are a short distance from the hotel. Excellent services in the hotel and casino. Restaurants are fine but plenty of options a short distance away. Casino is very nice, with friendly employees. Room was clean and comfortable. You'll like avoiding the strip congestion.	
Apr 13 2004	Great if You Don't Want to See Vegas	The Suncoast is a very nice hotel/casino in the middle of nowhere. Our 2 bedroom suite (we're a family of 4) was incredible, and we had a fantastic meal at the Mexican restaurant. The pool area was beautiful and the bowling alley fun (although they couldn't always accomodate us because of a tournament). The location was convenient for Red Rock Canyon (definitely worth the 10 minute drive). If you want to see Vegas, I'd stay somewhere else. The hotel's very far out of the way, and the free shuttle hardly runs at all (every 3 hours or something like that). By the way, the casino is a nice size, not too big, not too small. Also, my 10 year old liked the cocktail waitresses (very sexy outfits).	
Apr 2 2004	Coast Casinos Rule!!	Coast Casinos win again!! I have been a loyal patron of the Orleans hotel since shortly after it's opening but a last minute travel plans had the Orleans booked and the Suncoast as an option. I was very impressed by this sister hotel! The room was slightly larger than the Orleans ( and their rooms are large!) and had a breathtaking view of the pool and the golf course. The entire back wall of the room was glass. The room was also very clean. The bathroom area was great with double sinks on a granite counter and a toilet/shower area seperated by a closing door. There is also a real closet in the room ( not the cheap hanging rack in the bathroom thing!)The food at both Via Veneto and Senor Miguels was reasonable and very good. The Orleans still has a slightly better breakfast buffet but the Suncoast's is good.The atmosphere is very relaxed. The casino was not overcrowded and is populated mostly by locals.Reasonable table game limits abound. The surrounding Summerlin neighborhood is very upscale and full of great shopping and restaurants. The only thing the hotel lacks is a spa...but maybe they're thinking about it?? I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to my friends.	
Mar 22 2004	Perfect Little Jewel in the Desert	I always stay on the strip and pay lots of money for great rooms. I found this hotel on the internet and was concerned about being 5 to 10 minutes away from the strip. I just returned from staying 2 nights and I was so pleased. The hotel was clean, the staff wonderful and helpful. You are surrounded by golf courses that are beautiful to see and the skyline of the Vegas strip was beautiful from the hotel. We enjoyed the bowling alley and movie theater. I think this is a great place for a family who has little kids....I wish they had a place like this when my son was younger. I highly recommend this hotel...I plan on staying there every time I travel to Vegas.	
Mar 4 2004	Suncoast lover it!!!	I wanted to stay some where different this trip, out of the lime life. Suncoast is 10 miles out from the strip and well worth the drive, Out in the dersert with wonderful view of Vegas from the outside looking in so to speak. Check in was a snap, staff very nice, rooms great 550 sq ft of pleasure. Food was good, casino was good not great, slots were very tight. Over all it was a wonderful stay and would do it again and again, and again. We stayed 4 days 3 night Feb 23-26 2004, needed to be a bit warmer has outside pool which is just got to look at and not use, was raining while we were there but over all it was a wonderful place to stay.	
Feb 25 2004	Praise From a Recovering Snob		
Feb 20 2004	Loved it!		
Jan 7 2004	Great Place to Stay!!		
Oct 27 2003	Where the locals gamble		
Jul 30 2003	loved the Suncoast		
Jul 16 2003	What a great place for kids exceptional offstrip value		
Apr 3 2003	Excellent!		
Feb 24 2003	Who Maid the Bed?		
Feb 21 2003	Beautiful golf course		
Feb 9 2003 	Perfectly comfortable		
Nov 29 2007 	Déçus !		
