	The Worst Place Ever	I stayed in the Tropicana from 21/11/2009 to 24/11/2009 and it was the worst experience ever. This place is old and nasty they shouldn't waste time or money renovating and should instead just tear the place down. This place was absolutely the worst part of my trip. I'm not a snob and mostly just require a decent place to stay but this Hotel is not it. Don't be fooled by the price either as there are nicer hotels for a similar or lessor price. This was my first trip to Las Vegas and I didn't book a hotel in advance, I'll never make that mistake again. Go online and you'll be able to book at a nice Hotel/Casino and probably for less.	
Oct 24 2009 	You get what you pay for	We stayed at the Tropicana for a few nights in July because we were offered a free stay. The location was great, right on the strip near Luxor, Excaliber, New York New York and MGM. You can tell that in its prime it would have been a great place. The standard rooms were very roomy but ours had a terrible skunky smoke smell to it. When we would come back to the room after being away it would almost gag us. The pool area of the hotel is still nice. It has a huge pool that wraps around a nicely landscaped garden area. There were plenty of people enjoying the pool during the day and looking down at it from our room it seemed to have a fun party vibe to it. We never went down when the pool was open but early one morning before it opened we tool a walk around it and saw that there was a swim up blackjack table that I though looked like a lot of fun. The elevators were hit and miss during our stay and we took the stairs a few times out of impatience. I do have to say that the hotel staff were all very friendly and accommodating. We never complained about our room (I'm not going to complain about something that's free), but I think if we had that they probably would have moved us. The structure, floor plan, layout and pool area of this resort are all still nice. If they were to invest a bit of money on clean up and cosmetics they could have a very nice hotel in a great location on the strip.	
Oct 18 2009 	Can't beat it for the price!	My husband and I have made two trips to Vegas in the last year, and we always stay at the Tropicana. For a cheap price, you can stay right on the strip. The rooms we have stayed in were the Tower and the Island Tower Jacuzzi Suite. The tower room had mirrors on the walls, which was awesome. The jacuzzi suite has a refrigerator, a pull out sofa bed, and mirrors on the ceiling and wall behind the bed. The jacuzzi tub was amazing, and was a really fair price ($300). The jacuzzi suite also had his/her bathroom vanities which was great. The pool at the tropicana is amazing and you can buy super strong drinks from the swim up bar for a good price. I also tend to win in the casino there. Although it's fun to walk the strip and see all the different hotels, I am perfectly content to stay in the Tropicana's casino/pool area for most of the visit. They have live entertainment on the weekends, and the atmosphere is one I enjoy more than most of the hotels on the strip. There are 3 restaurants right in the hotel which is great, but they are a little bit pricey. But their convenience can't be beat! The Tropicana is a great value for your money!	
Oct 8 2009 	They took great care of us!	30 of us stayed at the Tropicana for our 25 yr class reunion. We had a great time. We had a pool party and used the cabanas, which were very nice. We also had a dinner dance. The meal was excellent, of much better quality than I expected (I had salmon in lemon butter sauce), and the DJ was great and a lot of fun. Our rooms were blocked together, and were very nice. Clean! Great room service. Thank you so much for making our stay so much fun. We also really enjoyed the salsa bar, we were in there both nights! We were all somewhat put off that we had to pay for Internet access, but other than that, it was great.	
Aug 22 2009 	Overpriced and tired looking	I went on a scooter rally, so all I wanted was a decent bar service, somewhere to get my head down and a good location.Bar prices were outrageous and the service temperamental.I asked for a non smoking room and didn't get it and they couldn't change it.The whole decor was tired and not what I's expect for the price I paid.The location on the strip was great.I wouldn't go back there again.	
Feb 1 2009 	Old School Vegas Fun	Good for budget minded travelers. check in ok during slow hours.. Pools are great !! Good atmosphere and you could bring your own drinks if not mistaken. Sure the hotel is outdated but, fun if your on a budget and into a good pool scene. Did ok in the casino as well..	
Oct 31 2008	Ok	I've stayed at other Hampton Inns on business and this one was the more run down I've seen. The room itself was fine and typical of any other Hampton Inn, more than decent, but the hall and elevator did look a little worse for the wear. I was by the elevator and this hotel gets a lot of traffic, so for awhile it was a little noisy by my room.It's walking distance to the strip, but the view is of the freeway and the surrounding streets, which give you a taste of fear and loathing in Las Vegas. I don't think it would be a good idea to walk there alone at night. Across the street a hooker was trying to drum up some business and you can go to a casino where the locas go and get the .99 all day breakfast and 1.50 beer, which might be more interesting than the Disneyfied LV to some.	
Oct 21 2008 	HATED!	I should have listened to other reviews. The room wasn't that bad but it took us an hour to get to it and to find the check-in. We drove around the block three times before we finally asked someone and they said we had to park in the self-parking and then check in. So, dragging all of our luggage, we did that and then we were sent to room 3412 which was all the way through the casino - up a ramp and down a hall. We finally made it the room where there was two small beds and a very small tv. we then went to try to use the computers in the business center as it was $14.99 to access teh internet from our room. The busniess center computers also had a fee attached - 75 cents a minute!!!!. We were also charged an $8.71 &quot;Resort Fee&quot; when we checked in. When I asked what that was for, she said for the pool, etc.We checked out 1/2 hour after we checked in. There was no security in the elevator leading to the guest rooms and when we got to our floor there was a guy with a backpack standing in the hallway. He kicked in the linen closet door and started pushing all the elevator buttons. He made us very nervous.!Needless to say, I would not recommend this for anyone unless you are on a tight budget and don't care about the room.	
Sep 2 2008 	Love it!!!	very spacious rooms, very clean and very good location. Staff is friendly and very cozy ambiance. Will stay here again! Brunch Buffet is good value for your money. Servers are very approachable. Good service!	
Jul 11 2008 	This would be my last choice...	One word to describe this place...gross. It is just plain old and icky and needs to be remodeled. We also had several problems with our room key. We replaced our key 3 times before they gave us another room. And thank goodness they did because the standard room is not worth the money and the so called upgraded room wasn't much better. The beds were not comfy and the staff wasn't thaqt friendly either. And their 24 hour resturant was nothing more than a glorified Perkins. We went across the street to the MGM for food. Ten times better.The only good side is that it's one of the cheapest places to gamble...for a reason...And they did have a sweet pool with sweet swim-up blackjack	
Jun 3 2008 	You get what you pay for	Having never been to Las Vegas before, I wasn't sure of the locations of any of the hotels so I thought I'd chose one of the least expensive ones on the strip. I arrived at the hotel and after a 6 hour plane ride the last thing I wanted to do was wait in a check-in line. Well I waited for an hour to check-in which was absolutely ridiculous. I asked the manager why there weren't more people working and he simply said, 'it's like this every night. it's the least expensive hotel on the strip.' Makes sense, but still, there's no reason for that, it's a 1600 or so room property, you'd think they'd have more than 3 front desk clerks working at a time. I even work at a hotel with only 168 rooms and we always have at least 2 front desk clerks to handle check-ins. Anyway, we got to the room and I immediately wanted to check-out. Having booked through Expedia, the room is pre-paid and after such a long flight I didn't want to go to the trouble of dealing with all the red tape that would come about if I wanted to leave so I stuck it out. The decor was definitely something out of the 70s, needs definite updating. The bed was very uncomfortable, sheets and bedspread had blood stains on them and there was an eyelash on the bed too. That wasn't the worst part, the bed smelled of mildew and I hated sleeping in it. I felt very dirty going to bed and waking up each morning. I kept my shoes on the whole time and had wished I brought a pair of flip flops for the shower. The sink faucet dripped all day and night long, we had to shut the door to drown out the noise. The tv was about the size of a computer screen and there were minimal channels. Now don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting high-class for what we paid but i did expect a clean room that was fairly updated and didn't have all the problems i hear horror stories about. I wish I would have read some of the reviews on tripadvisor before i booked the hotel. Thank God there's lots to do in Vegas and we didn't have to spend much time in the hotel room. We heard some rumors that they're imploding the place and rebuilding....good thing too! The only thing I liked about the hotel was the pool and the gardens surrounding it. It did smell like sewer by the pool and surrounding area but I just tried to ignore it. All I can say is, you get what you pay for (even though I expected a bit more) and I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. It's worth it to pay more and stay somewhere that's clean and updated. I will never stay at the hotel again even if they do implode it and start over. It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Hope this helps and if you do decide to go anyway, hopefully you don't deal with the same issues!	
May 27 2008 	Cesspool !!!	I visited this property nearly every other month for the last 6 years. While I found the hotel to be a great bargain at first the cons have gradually added over the past few years to turn many of its committed customers away. They have stopped cleaning their Facilities (ventialation,carpet,pool,restrooms). It is not uncommon to enter into one of the casino restrooms and find all of the toilets full of vomit and crap, in many cases on the floor(in the mens restroom). The thing that did it for me was the syringe in the hall in front of my hotel room (no joke, i'm sure im not the only one that wears sandals to the pool). There were people having sex under the waterfall in the pool while the lifeguards said nothing (no joke either). Not to mention the extreme number of hookers working in the hotel now at all hours. This hotel is unsanitary. I believe it is possible to contract an STD just from visiting this hotel. Many long time guests who frequent Tropicana are taking their money elsewhere and many Tropicana employees are unhappy and feel they are being screwed over by the new owners. Stay anywhere but here. Cesspool	
Apr 23 2008 	Love the Trop!!!!!!!!!	One of the last affordable hotels in Vegas! The grounds have never looked better(our 11th consecutive year here). Friendly and helpful employees. Spa was great. Too bad all the college boys from Hooters come and pee in the pools of the Trop.The grounds remind you of some tropical paradise and it's far cheaper than staying in Minneapolis, MN. The drinks flowed freely, the deli was delicious as always and the machines were cooperative! Love you trop!	
Mar 24 2008	Could have been robbed or worse!	While my husband and I took a break from the strip and rested in our room, we had a man barge into our room and walk out after yelling, &quot;You've got the fu**ing kidding me!&quot;. My husband and I tried to figure out who this person was and by the time I got to the door, he and the woman that was with him were down the stairway so fast that we couldn't find out how he got into our room! We assume that this person wasn't a paid &quot;guest&quot;, because a normal reaction would have been...&quot;I'm sorry, they gave me a key to this room&quot;. We called the front desk and after a couple careless reactions and waiting 40 minutes for new keys to be brought up, we discovered that our door did not lock at all! We didn't need a key to just walk in. We called the front desk and spoke to a manager named Richard. He got us a different room and 2 free buffets at their horrible buffet. After 3 hours of dealing with this, we still had no apology from the 4 people we spoke with nor any kind of compassion about how scary that scenerio was! I want a full refund! I will NEVER stay here again!	
Feb 2 2008 	Outdated!!!!!	We had reserved a king room and the hotel was offering a free upgrade at the time. When we arrived to check in we were informed that they only had 2 queens left but we would still get the upgrade and it was a room with a view. They did offer to move us the next afternoon. We kinda got a good take on the hotel (OUTDATED!!!) our long trek to the elevators to get to our rooms. However when we got to our &quot;upgraded room with a view&quot; The only thing I could do was laugh because this had to be a joke. Im going to say that nothing in the room has been changed in a FEW YEARS!! including the bed spread. The lock on our door was broken the door knobs on bathroon and closet doors were falling apart and there were significant stains on the carpet and bed spread. Oh and that view.... we could see the top of the building next to us and that was about it. Needless to say we left the next day. If you are into overpaying for a bad motel room then this is the place for you. TROPICANA PLS UPDATE!!!!	
Jan 2 2008 	Nothing wrong with Tropicana!	We stayed one night here in December because it's the only hotel on the strip with an indoor pool. I knew it was an old hotel, but to me that's part of the charm--it's mentioned in &quot;Diamonds are Forever&quot;! Yes, the decor is dated and in comparison with its flashy neighbors, poor Tropicana is looking pretty shabby. But you cannot beat the rates (ours was $76/night) and the location. Our room was just fine--we liked the mirror over the bed!! Plenty clean, and the staff was all friendly. We didn't wait more than a few minutes in line to check in. The pool was pretty chilly, but the hot tub was very hot. The pool area was admittedly, rather unkempt with towels all over the place, but again--at $76/night, we're not going to complain. I overheard someone on a bus say that Trop is destined for destruction soon; it may have it coming, but it's one of the last true relics on the Strip. Yes, it's worn and looks it, but staying there is like going back in time to old Las Vegas.	
Dec 22 2007 	Old school to the max!	This is a very old hotel for the most part, and has a pretty small casino. I booked through Travelocity, which was my first mistake. If I had to have booked via the Tropicana directly, I could have saved even more, twelve dollars a day more. I know that's not much, but it would have been better in my pocket, not theirs. Don't ever take a garden room, and insist in a tower room. The garden rooms are very old, and I saw a dead bird, empty beer cans, trash and cigarette butts on the outside patio. They try to make you think that you are really getting something neat by telling you that you are lucky enough to be booked into a garden room, but make no mistake, they are substandard, especially for Vegas. I won't be back to the Tropicana, and really hope you check out some of the other reviews before you check in. This place needs to upgrade, upgrade upgrade!!!&quot;	
Dec 12 2007	Great Customer Service and Worth the Money	After reading several unpleasant reviews, we were worried that we may have selected an unacceptable hotel for our Vegas trip. The price was attractive (much less than other Strip hotels) so we booked it for 3 nights. The entire staff was very, very courteous and hospitable. The rooms (we stayed in the Paradise Tower) were spacious and clean. The only small complaint we had was that the bed was somewhat hard. Everything else about the hotel / casino / restaurants was great. I would defiinitely return. Make sure to request the Paradise Tower rooms since I believe they are the most recent and adjacent to the casino floor.	
Nov 17 2007	Never Again!!	Nothing Worked in this hotel. The escalators were broken and the elevators were working half of the time. This meant lots and I do mean lots of flights of stairs everyday. The bed was so uncomfortable we barely got any rest. The hotel was informed and told us they could do nothing as all beds are the same. They only let us have two extra pillows (go figure). The hotel needs major renovation. The upside is waitresses are very good about offering drinks. This hotel has seen its day and its time to close and rebuild.	
Nov 17 2007 	Bring Dynamite!	This has to be our worst hotel experience ever. We arrived in las vegas early and when arriving noticed most of the front desk positions marked &quot;Closed&quot;. Luckily we found a manager who was nice enough to get us into a room early. Their policy is very strict - 12:30PM to pre-register and 3PM check in. The manager explained they are very strict on this policy and rarely make exceptions. The entire facility is by far the most dilapidated/run down I have seen in vegas. We were in the island tower. Room was decorated with bamboo furniture and mirrors over the bed! Room was dirty and foul smelling. We paid $300 for this room and feel totally ripped off by the hotel. Shame on expedia for continuing to recommend and sell rooms in this hopefully soon to be blown up hotel. Would not recommend to my worst enemy. Stay away.	
Nov 7 2007 	Cheap... nice for the first time	Compared to every other hotel on the strip, the Tropicana is the oldest and probably one of the cheapest. When you're in Vegas, you don't spend a whole lot of time in your room anyways. It is still one of the nicer hotels I've been in. The rooms are your average 3-star hotel rooms. The casino is big enough to get a little lost in. I thought they had really good bands play during the night time. The shows in this hotel are pretty cheap as well. The Folies Bergiere was worth it (topless of course). The pool area is nice, but make sure its actually in commission before you go, if you wanna lay by it. The hotel is on the south side of the strip, so it's easy to access all other hotels. I'm a college student, so this was definitely a nice cheap way to pay for my trip.	
Aug 26 2007 	Time to fold the tropicana	We chose to stay at the Tropicana because we had a large group of people and not everyone could afford a nicer place. We had a total of five rooms...each room had mold in the bathrooms. Our room smelled like someone urinated on the carpet (seriously, room 1427). Another room had a constantly dripping faucet. The pool was old and the plaster peeling off.Also, the people working in the casino are generally old and unhappy...several made direct comments to us that they didn't like their jobs. Definately not for the active crowd.My recommendation if you are with a big group of people that contains some people with limited budget...let them stay at the Tropicana and you should stay at the MGM next door.	
Aug 19 2007 	Decent Hotel	For being an older hotel, it's okay. We enjoyed the location, being central to many other larger hotels. We were able to check in relatively fast, however the agent who helped us forgot to give us our room key and gave us terrible directions on how to get to our room. The walk from the check in area to the hotel is excruitiatingly far, especially if you are carrying luggage. We were halfway to our rooms when we realized we were missing our key (we were so confused by the gentleman's directions I guess we hadn't even realized). Our room was okay. It wasn't the cleanest and it is obcious the hotel's age and serious need for upgrades. Our sink clogged as well, and we had an extremely difficult time tracking down anyone in housekeeping to get new towels, etc. I also think the room may have been plagued by bed bugs, because we spent the entire night itching. Temperature control in the room was non-existant. On the plus side, the pool in the hotel is really fun. It isn't the biggest or most impressive, but it is clean enough, good for sunbathing and they serve really delicious, well made and well priced drinks. There are, however, a lot of rowdy types. On our second day a gentleman playing at the swim up black table got out of control and wound up physically attacking the female dealer. I was slightly irked by a run in with an extremely rude cocktail waitress, who I accidently bumped into in passing and made several rude and inapproriate comments to me although I was extremely apologetic (and it was an accident). To its credit, though, the casino has some very loose slots. We didn't dine at the hotel at all and were not impressed by their food choices. We did notice a lot of people in line for the buffet. There was at least one restaurant in the hotel that looked very elegant. I was also annoyed at the fact that there were non-functioning escalators and elevators and that the hotel in general had a terrible and stale smell. It is an okay value if you are looking for a cheap place to stay and will spend most of your time outside of your hotel (just bring your own blanket)	
Jun 1 2007 	Just average - not worth the $$	This being my 2nd visit to Vegas (stayed at Luxor first time) I wanted to see one of the older hotels and opted for The Tropicana, mainly due to the price which was actually more than the Luxor the first time around. Ok, so I wanted older but it is old and a tad tired. The room was clean which is a must i guess, but the full wall and ceiling mirror did make it feel a tad dirty if you know what I mean. Fun though ;-)The pool area is pretty good and worth a couple of hours of anyones time (when your feet are falling of from trudging through the casinos).Bit of a trek to the rest of Vegas and in fact it's a fair trek to get to your room once your inside the casino. Overall it was &quot;ok&quot;, I wouldn't stop there again but it didn't ruin my trip.	
May 27 2007	Great stay	Just cam back from four nights at the Tropicana. Room was a good size however, we had a mirrored ceiling. Loved the pool and fitness center and spa here. The eucalptus steam room and amenities in the spa were great. Pool water was warm and the adults only pool was much cooler. Location was great everyone was pleasant. Food was not the best, better food all over the strip.	
May 17 2007 	okay for the price	This place is dated, yes, but over a three night stay we were treated courteously, our room was adequate, and the location was very good. They have a terrific pool area, a casino that caters to low rollers and, again, a great location, walking distance to mgm, nyny, excalibur, luxor, mandalay bay, etc.	
May 16 2007 	Hotel was fine	We stayed on May 12-13, 2007. We had a huge room in the Island Tower for $125/night average. The room furnishings could use a little updating, but everything was clean. The bathroom was also clean and big. We had no line at checkin. The only down side was the very, very small towels given out at the pool. It would be hard to dry a 2 year old with them, they were that small. If you don't need the glitz and glamour of a fancy Vegas hotel room, I would recommend the Tropicana.	
Apr 4 2007	Nightmare!!!	We were set to arrive at 9pm but our flight was delayed and we didn't get to the tropicana until 11:30 pm. I called them twice to let them know we were coming and they said no problem. When we got there, there was a huge line at check in. The five of us (including a 7 year old and two grandmothers) waited 4 HOURS in line...it turns out they had overbooked the hotel and were lying to us and everyone else the whole time &quot;your room isnt ready yet&quot; they told us; &quot;we don't have your reservation&quot; they told the poor couple in front of us. The middle aged female manager wouldn't talk to anyone and so we actually had to call her from our cell phones to get her to talk. There were about 20 of us that sat there until 4 am and they actually had to call in security because we were all so pissed off. Finally, they sent us to the Excalibur (we had to pay the taxi) and checked in to a room at 5am. Never, ever stay at this dive. We call it the Tropi-cant-a because they cant do anything right. We have never experienced such horrible service in our lives.	
Mar 14 2007	You get what you pay for	This hotel/casino is definitely aging, and it shows. The room we were in was not nice - the tub was pretty bad, and everything just felt old, old, old. The towels are tiny and thin. Luckily we were only staying there as a place to crash for a few hours before heading back to the airport the next morning, but the rooms are ridiculously far away from the entrances and the casino seems to shut down pretty early (at least the tables do). Stay here if you're on a tight budget, but know you'll be doing a lot of walking and you're not getting the nicest of accomodations, to put it midly.	
Mar 5 2007 	Pretty Great!	It was our first time in Las Vegas, and at first it was a little overwhelming! We flew in at night and got ushered into a shuttle at the airport that sat for about 20 minutes before we got moving to our hotel (I wanted a taxi, but the shuttle people were quick on the draw!) At the Tropicana, we were promptly checked in, but the lady failed to tell us which floor, tower and number our room was. She just gave us a few keys and a slip of paper because she was busy chatting with another lady. I deciphered the info- IS668- to mean Island Tower, floor 6, room 668.Our room was awesome it was always cleaned while we were gone, and they left plenty of soap! I would say the cleanliness was the number one best thing about our stay. The casino was clean, the bars were clean, elevators were clean... The onle bad part was when we tried to eat at the Garden Cafe. We were seated and sat for over 15 minutes, waiters walked by us, never making eyecontact. No one ever came over to help us! We were very insulted, and left. From then on we only ate at other Casinos. (Highly recommend the Studio Cafe at MGM). Tropicana's restaurants weren't really appealing to us, anyways, and other casino/hotels had way more selection and were a short walk away.	
Mar 3 2007	Value Hotel	Tropicana is a great value hotel. For the amount of value hotels in Vegas that are really poor, the Tropicana brings somewhat of a fresh relief. (as long as you get a tower).The hotel is in a great location on the strip, rooms were clean, shower was clean, rooms were somewhat quite, staff was friendly, table games are good, etc etc.For value hotels in Vegas here is my top three in order:1) Excaliber2) Tropicana3) Luxor (due to its location)	
Feb 19 2007	not bad for the price	Stayed for 3 nights from Feb 10-13. My first night was in the &quot;garden area&quot;. NOW how is that nobody has mentioned that the GARDEN area has no AIR CONDITIONING in the winter months! We had to leave the patio door open to keep cool but the outside noise kept us awake.So if you like it cool stay away from the garden area in the winter.We were then moved to the Island town very avg. room no complaints.The all the time $5.00 black jack is a bonus for this hotel.The island buffet is not bad. But they do not offer toast for breakfast.the check in staff was very friendly and helpfull. If you are going to vegas and Tropicana hotel tell the taxi driver not to take the tunnell and to take Tropicana blvd.I arrived 5 hrs. before my grandfather and it cost me $11.00. It cost my grandfather $22.00.	
Feb 13 2007	A 1000 room Motel	Well, needless to say the Location is OK! And it is probably good for the money, when U know that it is half the price per night of the neighboring hotels (i.e: MGM, NYNY). But the place is seriously aging and need some serious work ( I believe demolishing and rebuilding will be better and more cost effective). The room are not clean and the finishing of the carpet, wall, bathroom is just terrible!!! It's a Big Motel 59 or Days INN. The casino is so ugly and old fashioned.If you really like myself, need to pay a discounted price and need to be on the strip stay here; however if you want an ounce of luxury , it's definetely not the place. The windows of the elevator and the rooms are so dirty, you can't see outside!!!!	
Jan 30 2007	Not One Problem	My husband and I (in an effort to save money) stayed at the Tropicanna on our honeymoon. Sure it wasn't as romantic as some of the other hotels on the strip - but the price was unbeatable, location great, and it allowed us to stay for a few weeks instead of a short vacation. We really didn't have any problems with our stay. We were in the the newer part of the hotel and had a great view from our room. The decor, isn't spectacular. Everything seems to be done in a cheesy tropical motif that looks like it is straight out of the 80s - Vegas style complete with some rooms having mirrors on the ceiling (seriously!). That aside, we found the hotel, overall to be clean, the pool area amazing, and the food to be a good bargain. The pool area seems to be the pride and joy of the establishment and is definitely a place to have a good time. It was even nice for romantic strolls in the evening. There is an older pool on the property and is one to be avoided (it's near the Garden Rooms - which again, avoid - I can see where those rooms would have problems!) Staff was friendly, helpful and there were some awesome bartenders. We found that for most of our stay we were out and about all over Vegas, so really our hotel wasn't that important to us. I could see how someone could be disappointed because it doesn't have the same level of tourist appeal as some of the other themed hotels (Paris, NY NY, Luxor - etc.), and doesn't have the same luxuriousness as the Bellagio, Venitian, or the Wynn. If you are looking for an awesome price and basically a place to crash while you go visit the other touristy spots- this is a good place because it has a great location on the strip - especially with the monorail connecting both ends. If it's your first time to Vegas - you probably won't be impressed and might want to stay at more of a &quot;wow&quot; factor establishment. After the newness of Vegas wears off - this is a good deal place to stay. We would definitely stay at the Trop again if budget was an issue. For a shorter stay we would probably spring for a more expensive hotel, but if we were looking multiple weeks, we would have absolutely no problem staying here again!	
Jan 24 2007	Other hotels	I did read the reviews before booking. The hotel is oldbut the location is great. The indoor pool needs a littlework. The room was not as clean as other hotels that Ihave stayed at in Las Vegas. The bed was also old. I did not like the resort fee, it was not fair. They also didnot tell me that I would be charged tax on the resort fee.It just came on my credit card.I think you need to look at cost to determine if you wouldstay there but it is not on my first list of hotels to stay atin Las Vegas.	
Jan 4 2007 	Tropicana--and oldie but a goodie	We stayed on the 3rd floor of the 3000 wing. The room was spacious, and though it was obviously older, appeared to be recently renovated.The room was clean, clean, clean. The bed was not a pillow-top nest of luxury, but then we did not go there to sleep---we went there to party.Ideally located across from MGM and New York NY and right up the street from Hooters, we found the Tropicana to be a real value!	
Oct 3 2006 	Tropical Bates Motel	Let me start by saying I didn't plan to stay at the Tropicana. We were booked into the Golden Nugget downtown, which we've stayed at before and liked. When we walked into the hotel lobby at the GN we saw a big gaping hole where there used to be a pool. I really really wanted a pool. So we called the outfit that arranged our stay and Jose kindly made arrangements for us to move the next day to the Tropicana. I asked if the hotel was the the same rating as the GN. He said it was rated 3 stars as the GN is although the GN also rates 4 diamonds. We agreed to move nonetheless and were instructed by Jose to accept nothing less then a Paradise Tower Room. And ask for a high floor so we get a view. Ok, no problem I thought. We took a cab over and from the outside it wasn't too bad looking. Even the lobby looked ok. We waited in line for about an hour and when it was our turn to check in, it was in the Grinch's line unfortunately. This women never smiled. Ever. She insisted that we were booked into a Garden Room. When I told her that Jose told us that we were in a Paradise Tower room she said, &quot;well maybe you want to call &quot;your&quot; Jose then and straighten this out&quot; I didn't want to wait in line another hour, so we took the keys. She knew how upset I was but not once did she apologize or try and commiserate with our situation. We went to get our bags and the Bell Desk man was the only one so far in the 36 some hours we had been in Vegas that showed us any kind of kindness or compassion. He could see that I was visibly upset and asked what was wrong. When I told him he tried to sympathize and said although the Garden Rooms aren't as nice, at least they're close to the pool. So I bucked up and we headed towards our room. The minute we got into the hallway though I knew it wasn't going to be good. The walls were in desperate need of a paint job, the carpet old and worn and it smelled, really really bad. We opened the door to our room and it wasn't a Garden that we smelled. It smelled like urine, vomit, cigarette smoke and death. It looked like the tropical version of the Bates Motel. We had been in Vegas for almost 2 days and our vacation hadn't even started. We hadn't unpacked. Hadn't relaxed. We put on our swimming suits and went out to the pool that I had traded a nice room at the GN for this Hell at the Tropicana. We stayed out there a couple of hours and when we returned there was a message waiting on our phone. It was the front desk telling us that they had made a mistake and we were to come down to the desk to get keys for a room in the Paradise Tower. No sorry... just admitting it was a mistake. The Tower rooms were fine. They weren't nice, they weren't exceptional, but they were fine. The maids could learn to clean the bathrooms a bit better as there was other peoples hair in the corners, but the room was passable. Unfortunately the lack of helpfullness or compassion from the staff at the Tropicana pretty much made us NOT like the place, AT ALL, So we won't be back Tropicana, not that you'll care!	
Sep 8 2006 	Pretty Good	Coming from a suite at the Luxor, the Tropicana wasn't as nice as I was hoping but I didnt expect otherwise. The rooms are clean and the staff is extremely helpful and very nice. The pool area is pretty good. My only complaint is that the hotel is a little dated and the rooms seem pretty old. Overall, if you are looking for a place to sleep, the Tropicana will do just fine.	
Aug 28 2006 	Had problems in the beginning but turned out OK.	We had some problems the 1st day, but everything was fine after that. To start things off, it took 1 hr &amp; 15 minutes to check in and this was on a Tuesday night, not a very busy night. Then they didn't have the king bed room we requested in non-smoking so we had to get 2 queens.Our first room was a Garden Room. This is the dilapidated, 50+ yr old section. We had to search for our room in the dark because the lights were out in the hallroom near our room. Once inside, the whole decor in the room looked original and the linens were extremely cheap and 50's style flourescent green. It didn't look all that clean and it certainly wasn't what we were expecting.After numerous complaining, we were moved to the Island Tower, the next best section of the hotel. This turned out to be much better. It was a few decades newer than the Garden Room area and it was clean and perfectly suitable for us.If you're on a budget and want to stay on the Strip, the towers other then the Garden area are a great money saver. They are 2 or 3 times less $$ then neighboring hotels. Just make sure you don't get a Garden Room.	
Aug 25 2006 	A hotel ran by con artists who love to charge and overcharge you.	As a business traveller I have never enountered such poor service and underhanded business tactics in my life. Upon checking in I was told that they dont have check in until 4pm which is much later than any other hotel in Vegas. Even at 4 pm they didnt have any room clean yet in the &quot;Paradise Tower&quot; where I was booked at which is the nicer and a little more expensive than the &quot;Island Tower&quot;. They offered me a room immediately in the Island Tower but since I had paid for the nicer Paradise Tower I refused and finally got my room after another 30 minutes. New management took over the hotel when they decided not to scrap it in April 2006 and they are intent on selling you a timeshare there. You cant even come and go from the hotel without being accosted by people employed by the Tropicana trying to sell this &quot;Great Timeshare&quot;.Then the fun part begins on checkout that I would have never noticed if I hadnt checked my charges from the Hotel TV checkout. They charge you a dollar a day for local phone service even though I didnt make or receive one phone call the entire time I was there. They also charged me an extra $22 a day for what they said was an upgrade from the Island Tower to the Paradise Tower. I even showed them my Hotels reservation stating I was in the Paradise Tower and told them that they had agreed I was in the Paradise Tower when I checked in but they said that &quot;Hotels and their original employee who checked me in had made a mistake&quot; and that they were going to charge my credit card an additional $154 for the days I was there. The rooms are fairly nice but besides this everything about this entire hotel stinks of used car salesmen trying to con a $1 out of you. Food, service and even the casino workers are ill mannered, rude con artists.	
Aug 10 2006 	Room awesome service horrible	The room we got (a junior suite) was very nice and clean. The room was pretty spacious, bed was harder than I liked, but no real complaints about the room itself. Check-in was a breeze - though finding the room (located in Island tower) from the lobby was a bit tricky. The reception people weren't too friendly when we got lost looking for our rooms, but the worst thing about this hotel is the bell and travel service. Several times when going out, the bell men would try to persuade us to take the limo instead of a taxi! And the worst: when leaving to the airport, a bellman angrily demanded tip money BEFORE he even loaded our luggage into our cab. He really lost it on us, gave us hell, for no reason at all. (This was not a bellman we've dealt with before, and we did leave generous tip to the bellmen who helped us before, even though they made us feel uncomfortable with the whole limo thing.) And if that wasn't enough, once we got into the taxi, the taxi driver was so crabby, she gave us a good sense of the Vegas inhospitality. Believe me, service can really ruin your stay. I'd steer clear of this place simply due to its hositility to visitors. I've been to Vegas numerous times, and have never encountered such horrible &quot;customer service.&quot; Good hotel if you plan on making good use of the back doors. P.S. Avoid the $16 buffet at this place. Food and service at the buffet not worth your dough.	
Jul 15 2006	Tropicana is still a good choice	I was kind of hesitated after reading so many poor comments about this hotel. But it turned out everything is fine. I heard the garden room is bit noisy and worn out, so I asked at the check in counter if room upgrade is available and see what'll be the extra charge. The man at the check-in counter told me the high tower is not available but he'll pick a quiet room for me. it ended up I had a room on the 3rd floor of the 5000 building with no open view. I didn't mind at all cos the garden rooms are all on 3-storey buildings, it can be quite noisy if you are on lower floor and facing the open area. The room is clean and equipped with all necessary items. No smell, no staine, except the air-con is a little bit noisy at night which is very typical for the old air-con. I didn't try the restaurant there but had a cone of ice-cream at the deli (free with the fun book). The price for food there is not very justified and the setting is not attractive, so don't bother to go there.We went swimming in the morning. The water was a little bit cold. we've also tried the hot water spa. Again not too many people.On the whole, my experience in staying in this hotel is not too bad, at least it has a super location. I stayed 2 night there and 2 nights in the Luxor cos the room rate for Sun and Mon is very high. So we decided to save some by staying at Tropicana for the expensive nights and tried a better hotel during the weekday.	
Jul 14 2006	Fantastic trip	We've stayed in Las Vegas too many times to remember, from the pricy Bellagio and Venetian to plebian Binions, but we had an excellent time this past week at the Tropicana. We were comped on all of our food and drink(nearly $400 worth), got free tickets to shows, won $ at the slots, black jack and poker tables, enjoyed the beautiful pool, ate at Savannah Steak House which was scrumptious, had very good meals at the Calypso Coffee Shop. Every person we encountered on the staff was helpful and pleasant. The room (in the Paradise Tower) was clean and well-stocked. We requested a room close to the elevator and got it. We had easy access to MGM and NYNY for diversions. I would certainly stay there again, and recommend the Trop with no reservation.	
Jun 26 2006	What a joke!	First let me start by saying one star for this dump is being generous. I've stayed in 30 year old Motel 6's that were nicer than this place. Our room was dirty and musty smelling and in need of some serious updating. Carpets, bed spreads and drapes had stains all over them. Beds are extremely uncomfortable. On our second morning there, the water to the whole hotel quit working for about 5 hours. Luckily I had some friends staying over at the MGM so I was able to walk over there and shower. Once the water was repaired, it's was basically sludge coming out of the faucets initally which stained the entire bath tub a rust color. On two different ocassions when calling the front desk to inquire on the water situation, received a lot of attitude from the front desk clerks....not friendly or helpful in the least. I know a lot of previous reviews have said they liked the Tropicana because of the price....well let me remind everyone of the old saying &quot;You get what you pay for&quot;.	
Jun 14 2006	No Problems Here	Stayed at the Tropicana June 4-8. Upgraded (free) from garden room to the Tower without asking. The restaurants had great food and enjoyed the pool and shops. Yes it is a little dated but after venturing into the MGM, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Bellagio, Palms, etc. was not disappointed with the price I paid at the Trop. This gave us more money for other things instead of spending double the price just for a bed and a TV. Spent very little time in the room anyway. Next time may stay somewhere else if the price is right-and if not will stay at the Tropicana again...No complaints here...	
Mar 20 2006	Can't be beat for Price..	I read some of the reviews and was a little nervous about my first stay at the Tropicana. Though the rooms are not the newest, or the best (I have stayed at quite a few nicer rooms on the trip), the price and location is hard to beat. The Rooms were clean and I didn't have any problems. Everyone at the Trop was nice and the dealers were friendly. For and average of $150 less than other hotels like the MGM, I would stay their again.	
Feb 25 2006	"Can't beat the price!"	What a value for the location. You simply cannot beat the price. Yes, the Tropicana is showing it's age- and we heard while we were there that they're considering tearing the place down and rebuilding- but it's still a decent place. No frills, though a pretty spacious room. We had a stunning view of New York, New York and the MGM Grand. It was inconvenient to get to and from the parking area- not a problem if you valet.	
Feb 17 2006	Good value	I stayed at the tropicana for a week. I paid the extra $10 a night for the island tower and i think it was good value. The room was clean and everything worked. The outdoor pool was closed so i couldn't use it but it looked nice. I had the island buffet breakfast twice and was worth the $11. One morning at about 4am i also went to Calypsos restaurant and had a nice breakfast. The only downside i found was the casino. It is small and looks old, the dealers are not as friendly as other casinos i went to. That being said MGM and New York New York is just across the road. I would stay here again.	
Feb 10 2006	Yes Tired But Great Value	Yes the Trop is getting tired, but that's because the owners can't decide what to do with it...sell it, renovate, implode...??? (right now they are taking reservations only until mid-April)In the meantime, it's a &quot;best kept secret&quot; if you want Vegas without too much glitz and without busting your budget.I admit, I get embarrassed telling my friends (all whom are more Bellagio types) that I stay at the Trop. But I stay there because it is:1. very friendly staff and casino crowd.2. Low minimum tables.3. quiet-er than most of the casinos (but a fun crowd on weekends!)4. Can't beat the rate for a clean, satisfactory room.Tuscani's is the Trop's small, very nice, tastefully appointed Italian restaurant. Only open for dinner. Delicious, well priced. Reservations recommended, I believe. Other than that, I can't comment on the Trop's food; haven't eaten anywhere else there.When I stayed in December, the start of the Las Vegas Marathon was just outside my window, complete with fireworks (at 6 a.m.!!!!) LOL, only in Vegas! I had a great view nightly of the southern Strip - Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay, all lit up. Gorgeous.Bottom line for me - I like playing there. I've stayed at nicer hotels, but didn't necessarily like the gaming. I like to play with a friendly, fun crowd and friendly dealers, and almost always find them at the Trop!	
Jan 29 2006	Very tired hotel	As with the previous comments we found the hotel to be very tired in terms of decor and furnishings. The rooms seemed dark and the corridors lacked decent lighting but did have old smelly carpets to guide your way! Our stay did not start very well. We had booked our trip from the UK over the internet some months previous. When we arrived at the hotel the room area we requested was not available and we had to wait two days until it was. The hotel did not help with the room move nor offer any apology. We tried the buffet and found it the worst of our weeks stay. We only went once and the food was awful. The redeeming feature had to be the gardens and pool area. All the family loved going for a swim surrounded by the lush vegetation. Again the cleanliness of this area could have been improved. The staff inside the gaming areas were very helpful and patient. This was our first trip and we knew nothing of the tables, cards, craps etc. They spent a lot of time trying (in vain) to teach me the intricacies of the games. The room was very cheap and this helped our holiday budget. Our whole week cost as much as one night in Ceasers Palace! I think I would return if only for the low cost room. At the end of the day we only used it as a base.	
Aug 29 2005	Tropicana a good deal for $	I have always wanted to stay at the Tropicana. I was interested in trying out the swim up Blackjack table, and enjoying the lush pool area. All of that lived up to my expectations and more! As for the hotel room, we paid an extra $10 to stay in the Island Tower. It was a basic, clean room with older decor, but very large by vegas standards. There was an iron and hairdryer, but no coffee maker. :-(The staff was VERY friendly. There was a 20 minute wait to check in, and we didn't get into our room unitl 3:00. However, I have had to wait that long or longer at the &quot;nicer&quot; hotels. The Tropicana is not a deluxe hotel. It is an older hotel, and could use some updating. But the pool area is really nice, and the price is right. I would recommend staying here if you don't really want a fancy room and know what to expect.I enjoyed the Tropicana. The pool area was beautiful and the staff was top-notch.	
Jun 30 2005	Good Deal	We stayed June 26,27 and it was very pleasant. It's very busy there and check-ins before 3pm are rare. But we had a very nice room on the 18th floor.We were in the Tower section -clean,spacious and comfortable.Recommend you take a chance.Get on their mailing list to get special deals.Would go back in a heartbeat.	
Jun 27 2005	Tropicana	We stayed at the Tropicana January 3, 2005. The check in line was LONG. I stood for 50 minutes. Our room looked like something out of a 1970s porn flick-mirrors with wood trim on the walls and ceiling surrounding the bed. The room was very outdated! There were huge spotlights outside of our room and we could not keep the room dark at night. The bathroom had not been cleaned-just had new towels. Our four year old loved the pool though. We also got a good rate, but I do not think that I would stay there again.	
Jun 13 2005	Will stay at the trop. from now on	We visit Vegas twice a year and have stayed at several different hotels on the strip. Last year we stayed at the Trop and it is now our favorite. It is older and not as glamourous as some of the others, But they definately make up for that in service. Our room was spotless. The view was amazing. And we had one of our best Vegas meals at the Savannah steak house. The staff literally bent over backwards to please. The spa was wonderful and I highly recommend the couples massage. The prices on rooms, spa, food etc. can not be beat. There are places with better rooms but the prices are MUCH higher, and I personally don't spend a lot of time in my room and as long as the rooms are clean ( which ours was, very clean) I would gladly take service and value over glamour any day.	
Apr 28 2005	We will stay again	The Tropicana is in a great location on the strip. This is one reason we chose to stay here, the other was the price. Only $89 a night, we thought that it very reasonable. Our room was really nice. It was clean, roomy and the bathroom was bigger than the one I have at home. It had the best view of the strip. We were on the 21st floor, which were mostly suites. I think they use our room for extra room when people need a larger suite. The casino was okay, lots of machines not much for tables. We did have a few disappontments the Buffet is small compaired to other hotels. Also the pool (which is very wonderful) was closed except for the indoor pool. It being late April I might be open. Overall we really did enjoy the hotel, and we will stay again.	
Feb 19 2005	great hotel	I visit Vegas about 5 times a year and just had my second stay at the Tropicana, Paradise Tower.Wish I'd known about the Trop before as I've stayed in most of the &quot;big&quot; hotels but found that the best deal I've had yet is in the Tropicana.Rooms are good, great views of the strip, staff always friendly and you are in a great position for visiting all the other casinos.Maybe a wee bit run down in the casino area but for the money it's about the best buy in Vegas.Restaurants and bar are also good value and lots of free entertainment.........you can't beat the place!	
Feb 18 2005	What a DUMP!	If you're considering the Tropicanna- dont! unless you're a developer. This has got to be the worst hotel/casino on the Strip. The rooms are old and very tired with dark and dingy corridors. On the up side the corridors are so long you get a good work out getting to and from your room and as soon as you get there you realise you should'nt have bothered. Broken switches, dank carpet and a bed so poor it defies belief. This hotel is the Pits. You have been warned.	
Feb 6 2005	Great Value	I stayed at the Tropicana December 19-22 2004. I did have some apprehensions about staying here after reading many mixed reviews. Upon entering we had a short wait in line and were upgraded at no cost to a Tower room. The room was large and clean. The room had a king size bed, a couch, large TV and bathroom. The casino itself is small and the change ladies were mean! But we had a great time playing the slots. We joined the Player's Club right away and after 3 days earned 2 tshirts, sweatshirt and a windbreaker. We also used coupons we received to eat in the coffee house since they were open 24 hrs. It was better than I expected. The location is great, at the beginning of the strip with the walkway to MGM right outside the front door. While the Trop doesnt have the glitz and glam of the newer hotels on the Strip, it is a great deal if you there to explore other casinos. We spent most of our trip outside the hotel room any way and it was a great place to just come back to sleep and play slots late at night. I highly recommend this hotel for budget travelers!	
Jan 24 2005 	Great location/had fun!		
Sep 3 2004	Nothing wrong with the Trop		
Apr 20 2004	BEST PLACE TO STAY IN VEGAS		
Jan 22 2004	Don't stay in the 'cheap seats'		
Jan 14 2004	Ok Hotel...		
Sep 29 2003	ok not great		
Aug 20 2003	Tropicana		
Jul 14 2003	OK but might go elsewhere next time		
Jun 12 2003	Great time		
Apr 4 2003	Great Value		
Sep 25 2009 	Commentaires sur le Tropicana Hotel Casino  Vegas		
Oct 21 2008 	somptueux		
