Nov 5 2008 	Drug needles under the bed!!!!!!!!	This motel is absolutely terrible. There was a Drug syringe left under the bed and all they could say about that was that it was a &quot;budget&quot; motel what did we expect?. We switched rooms and the new room had a dirty toilet. All this and they charge you extra for WIFI Bad customer service and no cleanliness makes this one of the worst rooms we've ever had the misfortune to visit. Avoid at all costs. (seriously stay in your car if you have to).	
Mar 26 2007 	This place stinks - literally!!!	We requested a non-smoking room. What a joke, the room was labeled non-smoking, there were ash trays in it and it stank so badly I had a raw throat and stuffy nose by early morning. If there had been another choice I would gladly have paid for another room elsewhere. It was filthy. The lady in the office was very pleasant and helpful but I didn't complain about the room so I don't know if complaining would have changed her attitude or not. I would definitely never stay there again nor would I recommend this place to my worst enemy.	
Feb 7 2007 	Rather Sleep In A Cardboard Box	My wife and I were going to stay here for the night, on our way to my brother's house. It took the rude woman at the desk several minutes to notice us, and looked like she had NO IDEA WHATSOEVER what she was doing. We got to our room, and it felt, sounded, and smelled like a thousand rats were living in the walls and floor. The sheets were stained with bodily waste and cigarette burns, and whether you believe me or not, I even found a pistol under the bed. VERY SEEDY! Due to the horrible state of the bed, (bedbugs and loose springs), I was up until midnight, so I looked out the window, and while I am not sure, I could have sworn I saw people making drug deals in the parking lot! Like I said, VERY SEEDY. Give it a miss.	
Aug 20 2006	Yuck! Double Yuck!	If you like feeling like you're sleeping in an ashtray (in what was supposed to be a non-smoking room), being bitten by bed bugs, and wondering if you're going to wake up with your belongings and self unharmed, then this is the place for you, otherwise, stay clear. BY FAR THE WORST HOTEL/MOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED IN! My husband says we would have been better off sleeping in the middle of Las Vegas Blvd. than this joint.	
Jun 1 2006	The WORST place you may ever stay.	The Motel 6 on Boulder Hwy. in Las vegas, NV is absolutely horrible!I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. It was filthy... the bed sheats did not appear to be clean, they had stains and cigarette burns in them. The showers had mold in them.The building was run-down and looked like the 2nd floor was about to colapse to the ground. The staff is exceptionally rude, I found a bug in the bed which I am assuming was a BED BUG and the staff member on duty did not offer an apology or even a solution--nothing, except for an attitude.Most of the people occupying rooms were suspicious and loud at all times of the night.DO NOT GO TO MOTEL 6It is definitely worth the extra cash to stay in a higher end hotel and I don't recommend going unless you can. Because the low-end experience of Vegas is no way to go and Vegas' low is extremely low in comparison to other cities.	
Apr 20 2004	Flea pit!!!!	As a UK visitor I can easily say - quite simply the worst hotel - rooms, staff even 'free' coffee and donuts - all absolutley awful. We had the misfortune to be staying during NASCAR, so all Vegas hotels were $200 plus. We paid $90 for a 'kitchenette' - it stank, it was filthy, unsecure (dodgy locks) and the staff couldn't be bothered, they just said it was due to NASCAR! It was our last night and really left a bad taste (and smell) DON'T USE THIS PLACE, their pricing policy stinks as much as the rooms!!	
