	Elegant and Excellent Customer Service	Loved the room. Up on the 42nd floor facing the Bellagio's Fountain (loved the fountains at night...beautiful). Got a call from the desk checking to see if we loved the room. My cousin also got a nice gift for her birthday which was in a few days. TV in the bathroom with a jacuzzi. Very nice.The buffet was lovely and the food was very well prepared and tasty.	
	Great Location Good Stay	We really enjoyed our Thursday - Sunday stay at Caesar's. We booked for the Forum Tower and were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a bigger jacuzzi room in the Palace Tower. Overall, we had a good stay. Our room was spacious, well-appointed, comfortable and clean. It was a bit of a walk to get to everything (except the pool), but that's Vegas. The pool was great and we really enjoyed the jacuzzi tub. Check in and check out were smooth and professional.Caesar's is one of the best locations on the strip and we definitely took advantage of staying here.	
	Can't Go Wrong	Caesars doesn't really need much comments. It lives up to everything. Location is definitely good. Nothing really bad about my stay. They ran out of double rooms in the tower we had an upgraded us to a more expensive room that had two double beds without a hassle. Even if the tables are too expensive, you can walk across the street to Bill's Gambling Hall and O'Sheas to get some of the more cheap spots.	
	Great Location and Pool	My Maids of Honor took me there as a surprise for my bachelorette party and it truly was a blast! We upgraded the room for a small fee (it was off season) and it was the coolest room I have ever stayed in. It was very clean and our view was spectacular. The resort location truly is the best. We were right in the middle of everything which allowed us to walk everywhere. If you like to party make sure to check out Pure. Show proof that you are staying in the hotel and they should let you in without paying a cover (This is what we did). The downfall to the hotel is the food they serve in the food court is just awful. Also, a drink by the pool and room service is extremely expensive. For a normal sized margarita by the pool was $20! So get ready to splurge!	
	Roman Tower - As dirty as Rome	This was our first stay at the Caesars Palace. Having stayed at other upscale hotels in Vegas like the Mandalay Bay, the Venetian, Paris, and Luxor, I expected to get at least the same type of room if not better at the Caesars. Boy was I wrong? We stayed in the Roman Tower on the 14th Floor and all I can say was that Motel 6s I've stayed at during my younger days were cleaner and more up to date.First of all, the TV was a tiny 20&quot; Tube sitting in a cabinet that had to be at least 20 feet away from our bed due to the weird L shape of our room. There was no real closet in the room, the safe was awkwardly sitting on the floor in one corner looking like someone could just pick up the whole thing and walk away. Furthermore, one of the light bulbs in the recess lights right above our bed was missing and the entire socket appeared to be covered with what looked like mold. The bathroom was extremely old, with cracks on the vanity and mildew looking stains on the walls.... disgusting!The room was EXTREMELY NOISY. Every time one of our neighbors flushed the toilet, ran the sink, or took a shower, there was a sound of water running through the pipes that was so loud in our room, we couldn't hear each other talking. I'm not exaggerating, it was THAT loud.We only found the hair dryer on the last day when checking out. It was hidden a lower drawer below the TV. Why it would be there I have no idea.In any case, if staying at the Caesars, make sure it's not the Roman Tower. I don't know what their other Towers are like but I'm hoping they're better than this dump.	
	Great place to stay - I plan on being back if they comp me again	We stayed at Caesars Nov 22 thru 27th, 2009. Our first time staying at Caesars and we had gotten comped for all five nights (keep in mind this is a slow time for Vegas), because of our play and stay at other Harrah properties. Check in was about 20 mins, we had a comped room in the forum tower, I did the $50.00 tip and got us upgraded to the Augustus tower with a view of the bellogio fountains. We definately recommend this tower, rooms are awesome. We did not eat at Ceasars, we have other favorites around town. We bring our own water/coffee heater with cappicino when we go to vegas with cereal and pick up our water/pop/milk at Walgreens or the ABC store at Planet Hollywood with a collapsible cooler along. We highly recommend you go on line and google &quot;floor plans for vegas casinos&quot;. Knowing your hotel and casino before you get to vegas will save a lot on foot power. Yes we did come home a winner, just remember always play where the people are. The most people were in the forum casino playing the pennies, just keep in mind you can play up to $5.00 a spin on the pennies.	
	Great Stay!!!!	Stayed at Caesars from Nov 23 -27.After reading some of the reviews for the hotel we were a bit leary about the stay. We arrived early and went to diamond check in and to our surprise there was no waiting. Check in took about 10 minutes. Was given a great room in the Forum Tower. Large room with a comfy king bed and the bathroom was very large as well. Staff was great. Third night there housekeeping removed robes and towels from the bathroom and forgot to replenish. This was quickly fixed with one phone call, Plus they gave us a $25 comp to our room for the hassel. Gaming was great at Caesars. First night I hit a $2100 jackpot. Actually left LV with money in our pockets! Food was a bit pricey but worth it. Bradley Ogden is a must. Food was GREAT! Buffet was not as good as the Rio but still good ( lots to choose from). Forum shops have a lot of variety. They do need more benches for those of us who need to stop and take a breather along the way. We enjoyed our stay at Ceasars and will be returning again next year. For those who did not have a good experience. Well this is vegas and everything is a &quot;gamble&quot; out here even the hotels.	
	Great place but I doubt if we would stay again	we have just returned from a week staying at Ceasars. The place is absolutely magnificent but HUGE - we requested the Augustus Tower as we had read that it was the closest tower to check in - THANK GOODNESS WE DID !!! by the time we checked in - mind you it took about an hour and there were only 5 of us in line at the time. The walk to the elevator to our tower was bad enough, but watching the people lugging their suitcases through the casino trying to find their way to their accomodaton was rediculous. You need a GPS system just to find your way through Ceasars. In my opinion its just TOO BIG and not very well set out - things are just too hard to find and there are a million ways you can go to find them. The rooms were fantastic - clean and modern - One thing though as a lot of other people have pointed out DO NOT TOUCH OR MOVE ANYTHING IN THE MINI BAR/FRIDGE - it is all on a sensor system and even if you move something it goes onto your account. Also we were told not to put any of our drinks or anything else we buy in the fridge, but we can hire a mini fridge - they do this for you at a charge of $30.oo per day MY GOD HO REDICULOUS.... we spent a lot of time eating and gambling elsewhere as we found that a lot of the other places had better eating places and the atmosphere was a lot friendlier and relaxed. We will be returning to Vegas within the next 12 months and while it was a magnificent place to the eye - we will be staying elsewhere - as we looked into a few other places offering the same great location/with better customer service and a lot cheaper rates.	
	wheres the ice!!!!!!	arrived at ceasers on wednesday the 25, 09 and stayed at the centurian tower it was not what i expected. I like to have a drink when i get to a new place unpack and unwind well there was no ice bucket i call room service and they said no ice avaiable in the entire tower they bring it up from the basement to your room i called twice i thought they got lost i said ill go down and get it but they were onthere way sure enough there my bucket of ice 1 hour later no refer in the room no coffee pot its just not what i exspected from ceasers never stayed there befor never will again 23 inch pioneer tv give me a break i really like the forum shops though get a ice cream cone 13 dollars a scoop i licked it really slow what a joke its just not the same out there any more no comps no ICE!!!!!	
	Caesars VERY overrated	Paid $206 (including tax) for a deluxe room at caesars on lasvegas.com for 1 night on 11/26/09. The price was fair in my opinion for what i was SUPPOSED to get which was a room in the AUGUSTUS tower with 2 queen beds. The day before i was supposed to arrive i got an email stating that my flight would arrive 3hrs earlier than first projected, so i called caesars to ask if i coulf possibly check in early, &quot;shouldn't be a problem, happens all the time&quot;, she said. So i arrived approx 1130 am thursday, and as im pulling in to the VALET there is a sign that reads &quot; VALET FULL. please self park&quot;. So as im about to backup and find the &quot;self park&quot; a parking employee informs me that &quot;if your checking in that valet should not be a problem&quot;, that they only put out that sign to &quot;detour locals, and non hotel guests&quot;. So i proceed to the valet, where i promptly let them know im checking in. Once inside i proceed to the hotel guest check-in. Upon arriving to the line im met by a CP employee who is telling everyone that &quot;early check-in doesnt start until 1pm&quot;, so i tell her that ive already contacted the hotel and they know i will be arriving early. She wants none of it! Tells me to go check my bags at bell station and to come back at 1. So i proceed to walk about 50ft away to some sofas and wait. About 15mins later she disappears so i take the opportunity to jump in the line.. What do you know they have some rooms available!! Gee imagine that! The man at the desk informs me &quot;im upgrading your room for free&quot;.. Ok now im starting to forget about everything and warm-up to this place. After informing me that they would charge an additional $200 on my debit card for &quot;incidentals&quot;, he informs me that im staying in the PALACE TOWER room 1038. COOL. So instead of walking 50 feet to the AUGUSTUS tower elevators i walk about 300yds to the PALACE tower elevators which are in no-mans land it seems. Im located on the 10th floor. I open the door, and to my displeasure im greeted by 1 KING bed (i had booked 2 Queens). Now if i wasnt staying with my 55yr old mother, i wouldnt have been to pissed. But being that im not 11yrs old anymore, sleeping with your mother is alittle weird in my book. So i call to the front desk and ask for someone to talk to.. They transfer me to call HOUSEKEEPING. I talked to someone and they inform me that a ROLL-AWAY bed will be an extra $30 dollars! So i agree, and within 30mins a man knocked on the door with the bed. About 730-8pm we arrive back at CP from having a wonderful Thanksgiving dinner at &quot;The Tillerman&quot; steakhouse on flamingo rd, only to be told that since we arent &quot;checking in&quot; that we would have to self park. We explained that we were guests of the hotel and that we had valet'd earlier without problem. After getting serious additude from the valet kid (string bean white kid) we talked to a &quot;manager&quot; that told string bean to park our car. So at CHECK-OUT the next morning i explained my situation to the clerk, and she managed to adjust the $30 roll-away charge OFF my room's bill. Ive had better customer serive DOWNTOWN for 1/3 the price. Will not return. Btw, our room did overlook the 7 pools that no one seemed to be at.	
	“Definitely the best holiday I have ever been on and probably the most fun week I have ever had.”	Coming from the UK to Las Vegas In a small group.Earlier this year we decided that for my dad’s 60th we would all go on a trip to Las Vegas. This trip was to spend quality family time and to have a whole lot of fun. We looked up and down the strip, checked websites, read blogs and there were pros and cons to every hotel. Some are newer, some have particular features, but in terms of location, amenities and what the hotels have to offer for entertainment and dining, we selected Caesars Palace. Having spent some time trying to organise the trip from the UK, making transatlantic phone calls and surfing a host of websites trying to book, I was introduced to Harrah’s Total Experiences programme where we had a dedicated member of staff to assist in organising our trip. Prior to departure we worked jointly to plan an itinerary, and when we arrived everything was sorted and reserved- we were put in a good room, no cheeky $20 at the desk!As a group of four we all had different plans in what we wanted to do during the day. Timothy played poker tournaments, Orry and Robin took advantage of the golf courses and the perfect sunshine and being centrally located, I could wonder about, do some shopping and admire the other hotels the strip.We could enjoy ourselves safe in the knowledge that tickets were booked for the best seats, reservations were made in the best restaurants and no time was wasted, as we skipped every queue to sit in the best VIP areas of nightclubs and not just in the Harrah's properties.We were treated like royalty, and I am sure people were asking, “who are these guys with the best seats in the house?” but I was not totally surprised, as we look a bit like a boy band as you can see in the photos!There were so many highlights in the 6 days, but it would be remiss not to mention a couple of special things.• The Qua Spa at Caesars is among the best in the world. I was so relaxed, I didn’t want to leave. Planned to go once, went 3 times and worth every penny. Wish I discovered it earlier in the trip.• The cooking at Bradley Ogden was great. Some restaurants have more Michelin Stars, but this is proper cooking for proper people, with the best service in Vegas. We went to Robuchon at MGM, and although French Cuisine is great, you can get it in London (or indeed France!) • It was a dream come true for my dad to meet Bette Midler and get his photo taken with her. Her show was a medley of songs, jokes, stories and dancing and only possible in Vegas. Three weeks later and the photo with Bette has replaced my mother’s picture on his office desk!• I have a soft spot for old Las Vegas and the “neon flashin’ and one arm bandits crashin’”, so taking a wonder down Fremont Street ignited a feeling of nostalgia of a bygone era. Would recommend it to all travellers!• On previous visits to Las Vegas, we just couldn’t get into Pure and other nightclubs being a group of guys. As we booked with Total Experiences, Harrah's arranged for us to be VIPs, dancing and singing with Shaggy on stage, cool!• Having dinner at Paris in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower and with the backdrop of the Bellagio Fountains was a perfect way to spend our last night.So that’s it. As Robin said, “Definitely the best holiday I have ever been on and probably the most fun week I have ever had.”i would recommend the hotel, but moreover recommend booking through the Total Experiences programme if you are a group planning a trip, or a stag or a golf break, as they just sorted access and everything we needed on the trip for us, including nightclubs, golf etc. Having organised stag trips from London to Vegas before, I know what a chore it is.They have a website- google, harrah's total experiences or if you are in the UK send me a message and i'll pass on details to Dani who organised our trip (probably not best to pass on personal details on an open forum!!!)OL	
	Can't wait to go back!	The best 5 days holiday I've ever had. Service second to none - we English think we know what service is but we have no idea. These guys are the ultimate professionals from the bellhop to the top managers. As with some other reviewers, we were, at first, put into a very inferior room in the forum tower but I called reception and 5 minutes later we were in the palace tower in the room of our dreams! Don't know why they keep trying this trick - can anyone hazard a guess? We enjoyed every single exciting second of our visit and can't wait to go back.	
Nov 21 2009 	First and Last time staying at Caesars	My husband and I go to Vegas every fall. We had never stayed at Caesars, so we figured we would give it a try. We were in the Palace Tower. The room was clean and very nice, but the only view we had was of another building. We didn't have a room service menu in the room, so I called down and they said they would send one right up. Well, we never did get our menu! The ice machine on our floor and also on 2 other floors would not work and we called the front desk twice about this before it was fixed. The coke machine also didn't work on 3 different floors that we tried and they took our money. The buffett is way overpriced for what they offer. The breakfast buffett was good, but not worth the price. Expect to put on your walking shoes because it takes forever to get anywhere in the hotel, especially from your room to the casino. This was also one of the smokier casinos that I have been in. We smelled like walking ashtrays the whole time we were there and we do not smoke. The only good thing I have to say about Caesars is that we did win some money there! But we will not be back!	
Nov 20 2009 	Choose your room carefully!	I traveled to Vegas with my mother, who is has Diamond status with the Harrah's hotels.At Caesar's Palace, this gives you access to your own registration desk &amp; other niceties, but we learned that it doesn't guarantee a decent room.They put us in the Colossus Tower, and the room was a real shock! Our two &quot;queen&quot; beds were really doubles, and the room was so small that there was ~6&quot; of space between the ratty couch by the window and the closest bed.But the beds themselves were just perplexing! One was okay, on par with what you'd expect to find in a decent Sheraton or Marriott - lots of padding between the mattress &amp; sheet, nice bedding, 3-4 pillows. The other bed, though, looked like a Motel 6 refugee: a thin sheet over a poor-quality mattress, and two skimpy pillows.So I tried to call the front desk, but the line just rang and rang. Tried the hotel operator, who stayed on the line until she could connect me to someone at one of the front desks. We were immediately moved to a room in the Augustus Tower, which was more in line with what we were expecting.The bellhop sent to transfer our luggage said he didn't know why they still rented out rooms in the Colossus &amp; Roman Towers (the oldest parts of the hotel). Once we saw our new room, I totally agree with him. It was like moving from a Comfort Inn to an upscale boutique hotel! Our new room was significantly larger, and included a seating area, a dining table with 4 chairs, two Actual Queen Beds with plenty of fluff &amp; pillows, mini-bar, flat-panel tv, and a luxurious bathroom: dual sinks, separate toilet room, jacuzzi tub, and glass-enclosed shower.Even the elevator lobbies and the hallway carpeting were a BIG step up in quality and appearance. If you visit the hotel's website, they don't even mention the Colossus or Roman Towers. The 360-view of a room in the Palace Tower is very similar to what we had in the nearby Augustus Tower. It really was as if we'd checked into 2 completely different hotels!Also, the spa is located in the Augustus Tower, and is well worth a trip. We both signed up for massages that were just wonderful, and we gave ourselves plenty of time to enjoy the &quot;Roman Baths,&quot; Saunas, etc., before &amp; after. Note: if you need a robe larger than ~2X, consider bringing your own. While we were checking in, another guest discovered that they didn't have enough larger-size robes to meet demand. It was a bit awkward for everyone!Caution: the price they charged us was a bit higher (~$30 each) than what we were quoted on the phone for our massages. When we said something, the clerk just shrugged his shoulders &amp; kept processing our payment. We didn't push, but I urge you to watch for that, in case it's a common practice.Long story short: location, location, location. Avoid the Colossus &amp; Roman Towers like the plague unless/until they have been completely overhauled &amp; renovated! Maybe they should just raze the buildings &amp; start over.	
Nov 19 2009 	Part of the Las Vegas experience	A stay at Caesar's Palace should be an essential part of a visit to Las Vegas but, be warned, compared to most of the other casinos, it is very expensive. We got a very good deal which included tickets to Bette Midler plus a nights stay for a reasonable price but we tried to book an extra night and found a fairly standard room to be $200 with no chance of a discount. In the end we booked across the road (literally) at Hurrahs and got a superior room for a quarter of the price!That said, the one night we had was a great little bit of luxury which added to the whole experience of being in Las Vegas. It was good to see the (wonderful) show and then just go up in the lift to bed. The room had all we could ask for and more with a great view and so was worth paying a bit over the odds just for one night. I think Caesar's Palace play too much on their name to keep prices artificially high, so be aware you can get much better deals in equally good accomodation elsewhere.	
Nov 18 2009 	One of the best hotels I've stayed in	One of the nicest hotels on the Las Vegas strip, within walking distance to all the main attractions like the Pirate Show at Treasure Island, The Bellagio Fountains, Paris and the Miracle Mile shops.Caesars Palace is huge, you need a day in your itinerary just to walk around the hotel and the in hotel &quot;forum shops&quot;.We arrived and were presented with an option to upgrade our room for an extra $140 USD for our 3 night stay, which we did. The upgrade took us into one of the towers overlooking the Bellagio fountains. We had a double shower, jacuzzi, huge TV, couch and table.I recommend you talk to the person who checks you in and see what upgrades are available at the time of check in.Overall this hotel is great, the food in the hotel is devine and the shopping is fantastic. You will lose yourself in a world of luxury.. without paying too much money for it! You will feel like a celebrity!	
Nov 17 2009 	Pay for the upgraded rooms if you stay - classic rooms not worth it	I thought I would splurge for a nicer hotel for my 25th birthday, instead of TI, MGM, definitely am not a fan of luxor. I thought Caesars would be nice, classy, and the rooms would be more impressive than what we have usually gotten year after year. Not the case. We were in a classic room not in a newer upgraded tower. If you stay here make sure to get a new tower room or suite, otherwise the rooms at TI and MGM are 10 times better. The bathroom was horrible, so small, little closet space, beds and linens horrible quality. Luckily the shopping and entertainment are all there so it does have a good location. Overall it was an ok stay, but I will not stay there again.	
Nov 16 2009 	First time at Ceasars - and last	Went to Ceasars for a convention and booked 2 extra days to enjoy Vegas. When we checked in we were told that we were booked into their smallest room and we &quot;may not find it adequate&quot;. We were offered an upgrade to a nicer room for an additional $40 per night which we declined. I asked about an in-room coffee maker and was told &quot;No, but we have 24 hour room service available&quot; (a 3-cup carafe of coffee was $12.00). I asked about the fitness facility and was told &quot;Yes, we have a world-class fitness facility available to guests for $25 each per day or a 3 day pass is available for $50 each&quot;. I asked about the pool and was told that the pool complex was closed (mid-November but 80 degrees and sunny) but there was a pool available to hotel guests for $10 each M-F or $20 each SS. I asked about wi-fi access and was told it too was available for $10 additional per day. Our room was in the Roman tower. It was dated with peeling wallpaper, and there were peanut shells on the floor which I was able to find with my bare feet. The room had a strange layout with no door on the bathroom. It had a nice view of the roof of the adjoining building. All this for the reduced rate of $250 per night (regularly $400). Needless to say, I let my employer pay for the two days there to attend the conference and then switched my remaining two days to a neighboring hotel on the strip for half the price and enjoyed a nice room with all the amenites that cost extra at Cesars for free, including a great pool. Cesars enjoys a great reputation as one of the premier places to stay on the Las Vegas Strip. From my experience, this reputation is not well deserved and a stay at another property is recommended. Thanks for reading and enjoy your stay in Las Vegas!	
Nov 16 2009 	Everything in one Place	A traditional hotel keeping with pride its traditional quality and elegance. Everything is here, good restaurants, famous stores, good shows, excellent bars	
Nov 15 2009 	Not worth of the price tag and it lacks the class they aspire to	We stayed 8 floor up in the Palace Tower. The room retailed for $500 (we were on a company discount). Adequate room for a $200 per night hotel but no were near the $500 price tag. The worst part about this hotel was the 30-45 minute waits when checking in. People got in from their flight and had a hard time making it to conference events on time. it was like this every day we visited during the week. Not enough staff. One person in line said they had overbooked and started sending patrons down the strip to stay at the Rio and other hotels. Talk about inconvenient - and this they found out after standing in that line. Also, they closed the main swimming pool for some inexplicable reason (claimed it was for a special event that never happened). The service was basically rude and nonresponsive. They acted like you should feel privileged just to be in their hotel. Major thumbs down and not worth the money. Everything cost extra - use of gym, business center, etc. super high prices at the spa.	
Nov 15 2009 	waiting in line	We watched the check-in line for awhile, but since it didn't seem to get any shorter, we got in line. It took 40 minutes! Surely a big hotel like this can do better than this!The hotel itself is situated in a great location. Restaurants are good. Shops &amp; the in-hotel &quot;mall&quot; are beautiful. Its reasonably priced (for Las Vegas).	
Nov 14 2009 	don't know why other whine	Stayed at Caesars in September and the service was good and rooms were clean. This is Vegas if you are spending too much time in your room then you are in the wrong city. I almost laugh when I here complaints about the Spa Charge (they are all $25-$45 not just Caesars), Coffee maker (don't be so cheap go downstairs and grab one), Hotel is too big (as in having too much to offer???), restaurants are expensive (you get what you pay for in Vegas, $4.99 steak and eggs accross the street will come back to haunt you).I stayed in the Fourm Tower and other than the long walk from checkin it is a great location. Its close to the Fourm Shops, Food Court, self parking and Shadow Bar.My only knock to Caesars would be that since the merger of Harrahs and Caesars. Harrahs friendly service is the best on the strip and Caesars used to be the Bellagio of the strip and seem to struggle with the branding of extremely good service as they used to be pretencious. Hope the Harrahs friendliness wins this war.Happy to stay here again and actually heading there in a week.	
Nov 13 2009 	fantastic vegas	Arrived on halloween at about 4.30pm.we had booked a triple and a double room in the roman tower(got a great price) at checkin were greeted by a man called jonathon and nothing was to much troble for this guy. After asking for an upgrade he moved us to 2 mini suites in the palace tower overlooking the pools(all for a very small tip)we had a fantastic week would have no hesitation in returning.	
Nov 12 2009 	Pretty Nice	I stayed at Caesars as sad as this may sound because of the Hangover. Had I had my time again I probably would have chosen to stay somewhere else as I feel I could have got a lot more for my money elsewhere. Sure, the hotel is beautiful and the rooms are elegant and classy etc but I think for the price I paid at Caesars I could have got a lot more elsewhere. You can get great deals in Vegas on Hotels however when I was booking it seemed Caesars were the only ones not doing &quot;great&quot; deals. Caesars is central to everything which is also a positive. There were no negatives really to staying at Caesars as we had brilliant views from our room etc however when booking tours DO NOT go through your Hotel - go through the vendors on the strip - they are so much cheaper and will actually give you EXACTLY what you want. The Lady at Caesars when booking our Grand Canyon tour booked us in for a plane tour rather than a helicopter tour even though when specially said over and over we wanted the helicopter tour. I was furious when we got there and was told we had been booked for a light plane trip around the canyon. They said we couldnt do the helicopter tour as it was all booked out for that day but they could get us on the next day - we were going home the next day so it really didn't help! If I came back to Vegas I would stay at the Venice themed Hotel or perhaps MGM that being said, Caesars is a wonderful place to stay just a tad pricey and with one incompetent staff member. Beatles LOVE is also awesome - GO SEE IT!	
Nov 12 2009 	Not really fit for an emperor	We spent 2 nights at Caesar's palace. Went to see the Bette Midler show there. We're not really gamblers, so the casino wasn't an attraction at all. Check in was slow, and once we got to the head of the line, the agent informed us that they only had a &quot;smoking optional&quot; room or a downgraded non-smoking room. We objected of course, and the agent agreed that &quot;smoking optional&quot; really meant a smoking room. We were ever so politely informed that the reservation of a non-smoking room wasn't a guarantee. In the end we went with the smoking room and it wasn't all that bad in terms of the odor. But the shower had mold/mildew where the walls met the floor. The shower door also leaked which was probably the cause of the water damaged trim near the toilet. On the plus side, we ate at 3 of the in-hotel restaurants and all the food we had was excellent.	
Nov 12 2009 	Careful which tower you will be staying......	First time in Vegas for a convention, held at Caesar Palace.The rooms (standard and suite) in the Roman Tower were kind of tired and worn out. The standard room lacked of a minibar &amp; coffee making, but was pretty large. The safe was not working.We were told that the Roman Tower was one of the old areas of the hotel, and other towers have better amenities (and carpet, furniture, etc.).What made my stay not enjoyable was the smoking allowed everywhere, with the only exception of the Forum Shops. The location is exceptional, and you can easily walk to the Venetian, Treasure Island, Mirage, Paris, etc.	
Nov 11 2009 	First time at Caesars	We got there a little early and was not able to check in yet, so stored bags with them and went off to have some fun. Around 1:00 went back to see if we could check in and was able to. We were comped a room in the Augustus tower. Very nice room, large and clean. Right away, we tried to store my purse in the safe and it was not working, so we called and someone came up to fix it. The tech said it was working and left. Again, when we tried to lock up my purse it was doing the same thing, so I just decided I would keep my purse with me. The beds were a little uncomfortable (felt like either really cheap mattresses or mattresses that needed to be replaced) The bed pillows were worn out too. The overhead light in the bathroom did not work and the first night, the jacuzzi tub would not work (but it did the second night-so it may have been something I was doing wrong to try to get it on). One evening we tried to rent a movie and had trouble getting that to start, so called the desk twice and they said they would reset something and they did and the movie did start after that. These are my only complaints about the room. Other than that, we were comfortable in the room, it was quiet, never heard any noise. Ordered room service for breakfast both mornings, took 45 minutes to an hour to arrive, but they told us that when he placed the order. It was a little on the high side, but was worth the convenience. Food was good and plentiful. Ate in the Augustus Cafe for dinner one evening, food was good. We also ate at the food court for lunch one afternoon. It was good there also. Everyone on this site has been complaining about the prices of food, but my opinion is when you stay at a higher end hotel, you really need to expect the food will cost a little more. By the time we left, we had enough comp points to cover the extra costs we incurred. Although I enjoyed the hotel, I do not know if I would stay there again. I was really disappointed with the casino, so many older machines that are literally worn out. We like to play bar poker and was not comfortable at any of the bars. The casino has a lot of wasted space, could fit in many more machines, maybe some new ones. We played bar poker at the Venetian as well as Bellagio, had much more fun there, the bars were quieter and not as brightly lit up. We like to choose a hotel that we can come back to in the evening and spend a few hours gambling there and then only have to walk a short way to our room. Although I had walked through that casino before and probably played a little along the way, I guess I never really paid too much attention to the condition and state of their machines. For that reason, I will probably stay somewhere that we can enjoy the casino more.	
Nov 10 2009 	It is Vegas but when it comes to customer service don't take your chances.	I recently stayed at Caesars Palace and was quite disappointed in my choice. I had believed that this hotel could be mentioned with the better names in the area, but did not find it to meet my expectations.I had decided to give the hotel a shot when I saw a promotion that was being run over Halloween weekend on Twitter. It sounded like it would be a fun time and what put me over the top was when I saw that the first people to sign up for the promotion would have their room upgraded.I was worried about my upgrade so I sent a tweet to make sure this upgrade was still available (was I in that first X number of people to sign up). They said yes. I still didn't trust it, so to confirm I contacted the hotel through their website as well.When I went to check-in the clerk saw there was a note that I had asked about this upgrade...however, they told me this room was no longer available. I was disappointed and hoping they would care enough to make this up to me in some way. They didn't.I was thinking about staying an additional night beyond what I had reserved, so I asked them if they could do anything for me in this area (the list price for the room for this extra night which was a Sunday was $250- in comparison I knew I could get a room at the Bellagio for that night at $118, so I figured there might be some room to work). No luck.I headed up to my room. It looked ok- nothing special- not terrible, but not worth the price I paid. I checked out the bed- not that comfortable. Later I went to take a shower- handle is broken so it doesn't stay at the hot water side of things. Ok, so I'm stuck with a bad room- maybe it could at least be clean? Housekeeping comes by- my friend is in the bathroom, can you come back in 10 minutes? Ok. We leave. Back in 6 hours...still dirty.So we've stayed two nights, want a third, but there's no deal so we're off to the Bellagio. Time to check out. The clerk asks how the stay was, but obviously doesn't care. I started to say 'actually it wasn't very good...'- but he wasn't really interested. I continued to explain what had happened with the room at check-in...yeah, whatever, you have a $3 balance- shall I put that on your credit card?So that last part kinda sums it up for me. Will everything go right on every stay? No. But what's the attitude when it doesn't? We couldn't wait to get out of there and so we left the hotel at 8am on Sunday and went to the Bellagio. We knew it was very early but asked if we could check in. The clerk said 'I don't think we can do that for someone who is only staying one night'...before laughing and finding us a room. We may have been lucky that there was something available, but from the friendly service I knew they would do their best to take care of us. It was like the opposite of being in Caesars.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent stay	We arrived early afternoon and found a check in line that stretched across the lobby and to the far hall. As I entered the line a man came by and told us that another check in was down the hall with no line. I immediately went there and found it was the executive check-in. I tried anyway and the desk clerk was very gracious. I tried to ask for an upgrade but she said they were full. I asked if being a total rewards member helped. I had written the tower recommendations from trip advisor on the same sheet. She said she thought she could help with something. I did tip as trip advisor said and landed a Palace tower room up from a classic. The Spa tub is the best thing for all the walking in the resort and on the strip. The room was nice with a flat screen TV with many channels and a huge two sink marble bathroom with separate spa tub and shower. Be sure and try Serendipity 3 just in front of Caesars from 3-5 when they have great happy hour prices. While we didn't use the pool, it was huge, but twice the main part of it was reserved for private parties. The food court is nice, once you find it with a good selection and has some of the best food prices.	
Nov 10 2009 	An Amazing hotel	I have to say it was the best hotel I ever stayed in. It was amazing. The staff were great for such a big hotel they looked after us very well. As we were on honeymoon we were upgraded to a large suite , The rooms were huge and spotless. Entertainment was good. The amenities were excellant and the shops and boutiques were fantastic.Location was perfect as it is in the middle of everythingSo anyone who is going to Vegas should stay here	
Nov 9 2009 	Best Hotel I've Ever Stayed In	Caesars Palace is the stuff of legends. Everything is right about this hotel, the location, the pools, the rooms, the views, the service, the restaurants etc.We took our two small children (7&amp;6) and stayed in a huge room in Augustus Tower. Plenty of room for all 4 of us and very accessible.Places to eat with families are Planet Hollywood and The Cheesecake Factory (in the Forum), Cheeseburger (in Planet Hollywood), NASCAR Cafe (near the Sahara), Carnival World (at the Rio), Rainforest Cafe (at MGM) and Beijing No 9 for a nice change (Caesars).Great things to do with the kids are Lake Mead Paddle Boats, Circus Circus Adventuredome, King Putt Golf (two of those), Red Rock Canyon, Eiffel Tower, M&amp;M World, Gameworks, Build-a-Bear Factory (Planet Hollywood but take your credit card!).OK things are all the hotel freebies i.e Volcanoes, Fountains, Lion Habitat.Fantastic family holiday - recommend to anyone.	
Nov 8 2009 	The hotel room was dirty and unkept	My husband and I stayed one night in Las Vegas at Caesar's Palace. When we went to check in there were 1600 people checking in that day so we stood in a queque for 40 minutes waiting to check in. The person checking us in was apologetic, but the check in was rushed and devoid of any niceties. We wandered about until we found the elevator to our room. The room was not in a hallway, but around and about as though going to a hidden closet. The view from the room looked at other walls and airconditioning units. The lighting was inadequate. The furniture was well worn and the carpet was filthy. The bed had one thin sheet over a bare mattress which made me afraid of my skin touching the mattress by accident. There were no amenities, like water or a coffee maker. The only redeeming feature was the bathroom which was quite nice. I definitely will not go back and would not recommend this to anyone even for free.	
Nov 6 2009 	Had a fantastic stay at caesars!	My Husband and I really enjoyed our stay Oct. 18 -23. We checked in at 12:30 p.m. and the check- in lines weren't very long. We were able to use the Platinum line and we were up in our room by 12:45 p.m. (However, an hour later the check-in line was very long). We upgraded to the Augustus Tower for $50 a day and were so surprised at how spacious the room was. The bathroom was huge. I used the ironing board one day and set it up in the bathroom and still had room for 8 people. We had 2 queen beds, a sitting area with a loveseat, chair, coffee table &amp; end table, a dining table with nice comfortable chairs. All the employees of Caesars that we came in contact with (the front desk, housekeeping, cocktail waitresses, waiters, Bellman, etc. were very nice. They also have a good selection of restaurants and great location!We will definitely be staying at Caesars on our next Vegas trip.	
Nov 5 2009 	pleasant stay	After staying in vegas for two days last year we decided to come back for longer this year. Arrived at caesar's late afternoon and checked in within a few minutes. Did the $20 tip at reception, asked if any complimentary up grades were available and got a Palace Tower room over looking the pool area. Large room, huge bathroom and all spotless. We didn't eat here as we had heard it was expensive for what you got but did have a lovely english breakfast at Planet Hollywood in the forum shops with endless coffee and tea for two for less than $30, it set you up for the day. Ate at the grand cafe lux at the pallazo...massive portions, lots of choice and very reasonable. The pool area looked great but unfortunately the weather was against us. This is a great hotel conveniently place on the strip I would recomend it to any one.	
Nov 4 2009 	Treated better than expected	First time in Vegas. Booked a midweek package to see Bette Midler which included room and theatre tickets. Without asking Joanie at the front desk said she would take care of us and that she did...we were upgraded to a Forum room and our show tickets were upgraded from rear orchestra to front orchestra. I scored some real points with my wife. Caesars Palace is one of the only hotels I have stayed in where the front desk person calls to make sure the room is ok. Pools looked great but no time to use them. They treat you like they appreciate your business and want you back again. And we will be.	
Nov 4 2009 	Loved this hotel	We have been to Las Vegas quite a few times, and always try a different hotel. This was our 1st time at Caesars' and we were delighted with it. Our (Augustus Tower) room was lovely. Room serivice was excellent and the 2 restaurants we used were great too, the best being Nero's. My only gripe was the 40 minute wait to check in. They REALLY need to do something about that. But next time we're in Las Vegas, we will return to Caesars'.	
Nov 3 2009 	Not So Nice	We stayed at the Ceasars Palace in October for 1 evening and I was very very dispointed. We have a crappy room. It was old and cheesy. The walls are paper thin as all night long we could hear the couple next to us fighting about her cheating husband. Would not recommend this place. It has gone down hill. Stayed there a few years ago and it was very nice. For the money stay somehere else. The hotel staff were also very rude.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great conference trip	Have decided to write reviews for all the places I've stayed in Vegas, but be warned that my stay here was over a year ago, so things may have changed.I was apprehensive about coming here because I've heard things about how campy and outdated they are. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, there's an awful fountain of naked muses in the lobby right when you enter, and there are similarly bad imitations of Classical sculpture everywhere in the hotel, but it's Vegas, so that's to be expected! I was there for a conference and my employer had already pre booked everything. The check in staff were very pleasant and offered a tempting upgrade to a better room for a mere $30 a day. I waffled, then agreed to the offer. When I got to my room, I was stunned--what a great bargain! It wasn't the largest room in the world, but it was around 500 sq. ft, VERY ample space. The decor did not make my eyes hurt. The bathroom was huge and had a TV as well as a jacuzzi tub. And it only came for $30 more! I slept very well--it was quiet and the air smelled clear (rare in Vegas).The conference center was also a pleasant surprise. Very well appointed and large. It was hard to get to from my rooms though. And it was so big I got lost. The casino was average--seemed a bit empty, but the economy had just tanked when I was there (October 2008). The one restaurant we went to, Rao's was good but pricey. I think they were trying to capitalize on their reputation as one of the hardest restaurants to book in New York. I'm still very much an MGM Grand fan when it comes to restaurants, though. Maybe I am limited, but it just seems easier and more dependable, since they've managed to amass just about every noteworthy chef on the face of the earth over there.My colleagues was a bit annoyed with the catering staff at this hotel for our business luncheon, and I must say that they were pretty rude to her regarding her gluten allergy. But that aside, I had a very nice experience here, certainly better than the Venetian, which is supposedly a better hotel.	
Nov 2 2009 	Learn the ropes here in VegasTAKE CARE OF THE EMPLOYEES	As a frequent visiter to Las Vegas,I noticed certain behaviour in some guests,Well lets start,the hotel was great! We also got a great rate for being a repeat customer! We have gotten to know a few of the customers by name.What we noticed noticed was some customers were down right rude! If someone is helping you ,be nice.if someone is helping you to have a great visit,make sure you tip them.We have learned that if you do the employee goes above and beyond,to make sure they take care of you.I have learned most employes depend on that.Ive also heard the ludacriss remark they dont back home..well guess your not back home.This is a list my husband and I agreed on tipping which is very reasonable.Bell desk-1-2 dollors per bagroom upgrade -20.00Concierge-Dinner rez 5.00**Dinner &amp; show rez 10.00---Boarding passs 3.00**cocktail girls 1-2 a drink**Clubs and table passes come on people their saving you 30.00 a person.Tip them out! And above all be polite when asking for their help.Hope this helps	
Nov 1 2009 	Beautiful hotel	I stayed 6 nights and the room was very nice. King bed was very confortable. Amenities were fulled everyday. The Forum shops is a must to see.	
Nov 1 2009 	Amazing Hotel Amazing Holiday !	Just returned from a 4 night party with friends and have to say Caesars is FANTASTIC! Check-in smooth and speedy, upgraded to palace suite (2734) WOW! Housekeeping perfect, turn down and chocolates. Great location at the centre of the strip and most venues a short walk or $6 cab ride. Pool is amazing, yeh the drinks can be pricey but you dont have to buy them there. Great choice of bars and food but have to say the best meal of the trip was at FiAMMA Trattoria inside MGM. Food was Oooooh and the Sommelier complimented our food perfectly. All in all would stay here again without a doubt, LOVE IT !!	
Oct 31 2009 	One of the best hotels	The hotel is located in a very good location on the strip. The room was very clean and elegant. We felt at home. Comparing to other hotels, I can say Caesars is the one we liked most. The only negative is the dining prices (as in the other big hotels). There're many restaurants in the hotel but all of them are expensive. We had to go out all the time for food.	
Oct 30 2009 	Caesars Palace Is GREAT!!!!	I stayed at Caesars Palace Oct 15-18 for my 26th birthday and I was very impressed. After reading reviews I came expecting a very long wait at check. Yes the line was long but it went by really fast. I was upgraded to a room in the Augustus Tower 41st floor room 4190 (one of the newer towers). The room was amazing. Very nice size to accommodate myself and three friends. Large bathroom with a walk in shower, double sinks, large tub, separate toilet and a flat screen TV on the wall. There was a flat screen TV in the room, couch, table and chairs. The fridge and mini were stocked (beware of this because when you move items on top of the bar and inside the fridge your room is billed. We were billed 75.00 for these items but it wasn't a big deal because upon check out the clerk removed the charges.) The Augustus Tower was the closest tower to the exit so if you can get this tower you won't regret it. The Caesars Palace is HUGE. The pool area is amazing; the central strip location is great too. Puts you in walking distance all the other major casinos. I can't wait to go back to Vegas I loved it so much.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fabulous stay at Caesar's Palace on labor day weekend !!!!!	My spouse and I recently took a trip to Las Vegas. We stayed at Caesars Palace Hotel. We enjoyed every bit of our stay. We loved everything about the hotel. We go to Las Vegas every year and stay at a different hotel . I look on the travel advisor to find out reviews about hotels when I want to stay at them.. I read a review someone had written on Trip Advisor he said ask about the FREE UPGRADE when checking in. Well, we did. We had gotten a great hotel rate on Expedia with a free day. When we arrived we checked in with no wait time. The Front Desk lady tht checked us in was very nice. I told her about the Free Up grade and she said ok. We stayed in the Agustus Towers and it was huge and very nice and so pretty . The bathroom the Jacuzzi the enclosed toilet that no one see you in ther, e it was just great. I would definitely stay there again. and the gambling we won every night. I did not expect to win anything but the slots is whatI played and it was very loose. I played at other casinos too but I always ended up making Caesars my last stop. I would definitely say this is a place to st ay if you find a great deal like we did. We stayed for 5 days. AWESOME HOTEL&gt; STAY INTHE AGUSTUS TOWERS.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful hotel too big for me!	This hotel is in a convenient spot on the strip which is nice. The grounds are beautiful. We arrived to our room not being ready so we had to wait for a few hours, unless we wanted to pay for an upgrade. finally, when we got to our room, it was a very basic and older hotel room, we were not impressed, this is a 5 star hotel! after much complaining to management they moved our party of 2 rooms to another tower with nicer room for free. These rooms were beautiful, had comfy beds, flat screen tvs and a big bathroom. I guess this was the type of room they wanted us to upgrade to. The housekeeping staff were great. The one thing about this hotel is it is huge. It took 15 minutes to get to our hotel room from the front desk! The casino is massive. The forum mall is great to have so close by, and go to the cheesecake factory!Although this is a beautiful hotel, i wasn't impressed with the front desk service, and honestly this hotel is so big, it takes forever to get anywhere, not sure if i would stay here again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Will pass next time around	Location is great, it's in the middle of the strip. So you don't have to travel (car or walk) far to either end. Spa was nice. But room was ok at best in the Roman Tower. I'd rate it a 2 star. It's really worn down. Some mildew in the shower. Service is terrible. The line to check in and out was horrible, at least 45 minutes. Told the check in receptionist that they need to get more people working the check in line and she just said &quot;it could be worst.&quot; Yes, she did just make it worst.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location shopping and food.	Centrally located to all the action on the Strip, We have already stayed at this property four times this year. On each of my stays, the daily visits to the fitness room and Qua spa- relaxing in its Roman pool - are one of the highlights for staying at the Caesars. The down side is, with each visit, there is a notable decline in promptness of service provided at the poolside, the casino, and also for room service. But, that seems to be the case with every other hotel casino in Las vegas right now due to the recession.The Forum shop is great with a variety of stores for every taste and desire, while the restaurants like Guy Savoy, the Palm, and Joes' Steak and Stone Crab, are just simply delicious and always consistent. Caesars has everything one needs on a vacation. Once I checked into Caesars, I rarely leave the property to go anywhere else in Las Vegas Why would I?	
Oct 26 2009 	Great place to stay	Our trip was really enjoyable. The hotel is situated greatly - right in the middle of attraction area. The hotel staff is smiley, polite and very helpful. Rooms are clean, comfortable and nicely decorated. The hotel has a huge territory with restaurants, shops, nice small gardens and fountains. We would stay here again.	
Oct 26 2009	Caesars Palace Smells Like an Ashtray	Recently stayed there for one evening. The room was fine, the service was fine, the restaurants were all good, but the whole place stinks of cigarette smoke. You couldn't get away from smoke; I felt like a smoked ham after only one day. The other thing is watching people who obviously couldn't afford to lose money, losing money. There may be high rollers in LV but I didn't see any. More like the people you would see at Walmart (nothingwrong with Walmart) rather than at a casino in Monte Carlo.	
Oct 25 2009 	Caesars Palace New Augustus Tower is Excellent	We stayed at Caesar’s Palace, Las Vegas Oct. 10-14, 2009. I’ve stayed at the other Harrah’s properties in Las Vegas, Rio, Bally’s, Flamingo, Paris many, many times and Caesar’s offers by far, the best in service, cleanliness, dining and entertainment options.Asked for upper floor, view room at check-in and got it. Probably didn’t hurt to tip reservation clerk a $20 at introduction. Couldn’t have been happier with the room. The new Augustus Tower, 37th floor, I think, room # 3783. Excellent view, day or night. Incredibly cool bathroom with large glass shower, jetted soaker tub, double sinks, tv, separate water closet and upscale amenities. The king-bed was very comfortable; the a/c unit responded to controls and was quiet. There is a couch, chairs with smaller round table, another flat screen tv, vanity, just an excellent room for the price. They delivered a small refrigerator to my room at no charge – I like very cold bottled water. The pool area wasn’t very active, as it was October, but there are a number of pools to choose from, some heated, and it was surprisingly quiet, even at the pool nearest Flamingo Road.Dining options are too numerous to list, but highly suggest having the softball-sized meatballs at Rao’s, eating at Bobby Flay’s Mesa Grill – call for reservations for both, well ahead, as they were packed on a Monday, Tuesday night. The location of Caesar’s Palace is perfect. Right next door to the Forum Shops, walking distance to the other major casinos, Bellagio fountain, etc. I recommend the affinity card, called Total Rewards, to collect credit if you gamble. We often have dinner for free, on the last night of our Vegas stays, at the steakhouse in the Paris, using gambling credits. The food and service there are flat fabulous. I highly recommend staying at Caesar’s.And got to mention - loved the Cher show. She really knows how to make an entrance.	
Oct 24 2009 	had a great stay with a few glitches	just returned from a 4 night stay at Caesar's. Husband and I made our first trip to celebrate our anniversary and my birthday. we arrived a couple of hours before check-in and were given a room right away. just be prepared for the hike to the towers. we were there 2 days before i discovered the forum casino. actually did well on the slots. had a wonderful dinner our last night at Nero's steakhouse. very pricey but worth every penny. our waiters Michael and Enrique were great. had no bad experiences with the staff. food is pricey everywhere. and remember to eat early (before 10 p.m.) because all of the decent places shut down early on weeknights. went to fremont st one night they have an awesome light show. took in two shows; Terry Fator at the mirage was fabulous. O at the bellagio, don't waste the money or time. we were very disappointed. had other family and friends with us and all felt the same. all in all our trip was great and we can't wait to do it again! also bring comfy shoes!!!! i came home with blisters. although everything is right next door, you have to walk a mile or two to get there.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great place to stay on the company dime.	I enjoyed my stay in Las Vegas for a change. I'm not much for the night life and the casino. This hotel is huge. My room was huge. It seemed a little dated but still very nice. My room had a comfortable king bed, large shower with two shower heads, two bathrooms (one on each side of the shower), large jetted tub, sofa, etc. Everything was clean and in working order. I had a room at the end of the hall and it was actually quiet. So nice.The only staff I dealt with was the front desk at check in and check out. Both were courteous and efficient.	
Oct 21 2009 	Seasoned Vegas Traveler - Worst Experience Ever	When I arrived on Sunday mid morning I was told no rooms would be available until after 1pm, &quot;unless I wanted to spend $$$ for an upgrade&quot;, I elected to wait. I was there for a show and needed to get into my room. I went back at 1pm and there were approximately 150 people standing in line to check in, I could not wait as I was involved in the conference setting up etc.I did not get my room until 7:15pm and after speaking with others there was as much as a 2 hour wait in line.Valet parking was full as well at 4pm in the afternoon.When checking out I was told I could bypass the line and fill out a card including my email address and they would send the bill in email. After waiting 24 hours I called, after being on hold for 10 minutes I spoke with a billing specialists and they had my email as someone else's.Caesars was the worst experience I've ever had in Las Vegas and I travel there 4-5 times a year. I will never stay there again.Thank you.	
Oct 18 2009 	best holiday ever	We stayed in caesers with another couple for 10 nights,a bit pricey but no other complaints,cheesecake factory is the best place to eat,good food and big portions reasonable price,perfectly placed on the strip.excellent experience will definately return.	
Oct 17 2009 	Got money to burn and don't plan to win any- stay here	Husband and I went for 21st wedding anniv. Since this was my 1st time in vegas we thought we would splurge on the room and got the suite with a jumbo spa tub. That was very nice, it fills up very quickly. The shower head in the stand up glass door shower (very nice too) was so powerfull that it was like piercing needles so you had to have it barely on or else your scalp would be sore. The mini bar was of course way over prices and they are movment sensitive (including the items on top) so dont pick them up to look at. You can request a mini fridge from housekeeping (no cost) and keep drinks and your own liquors in that (recommended!) buy your sodas, snacks from the walgreens or CVS stores- much cheaper!!! Liquor in the malls at the ABC stores are also much cheaper. The machines don't pay off nearly as much as the Freemont street ones. The tables are higher bets than the smaller casino's. If you want to eat cheaper try Burker king inside Osheas for breakfast or walk a little further to Denny's. Inside bill's casino (across the street) is a nice resturant to get a large breakfast for under $10 each. Look out for breakfast deals in the mall dining places ($3.95-$10) while you are walking around and make note of those. Lunch is another thing we would usually not eat much for lunch since we were so full from breakfast. The pool areas looked nice- but we didn't go in them. While gambling on slots I hardly ever saw a cocktail waitress and even though I tipped her I wouldn't see her again. The drinks are also VERY weak- hince buy your own liquor and drink that while getting ready to go out! If I ever return to vegas I will stay at a cheaper casino and use the money for shows and better food choices for dinners, and gambling.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great stay but extremely expensive!!	Stay at Caeser's from September 28th -Oct 3rd. When we arrived at 7:30 Pm I was told that our room was not ready yet. We then decided to go to the Diamond lounge and get a drink and something to eat because we were starving with the long flight from Phila. After going back to check on our room they said it would be another 1/2 hour, so we went to look around the hotel. The hotel is huge and has allot to see. we wanted to get aquainted with our surroundings since we heard is was difficult to navigate. In reading past reviews we were a liitle bit nervous with our room. We finally got our key's and went up to our room to be very happy. We were in the Augustus tower room 3370. It was right near the elevator and had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains outside our window, The rooms are like mimi suites. very large, has a couch and a few chairs, and the bathroom was awsome. Had a juccuzi tub, shower and TV in the bathroom so when you are taking a bath you can watch TV. rooms were very clean. As for the prices of food, come on give me a break!! I am by no means a cheap person, but $17.00 for a cheeseburger at the Cafe is crazy. Needless to say we ate elsewhere.As for the pool the way they designed the two newer towers is rediculous. You don't get any sun at all at the pool until 12:30 Pm. I sat at the pool for over 3 hours waitiing, and waiting, and waiting. They don't have enough chairs either. If you get down there in the afternoon to go to the pool, good luck trying to find a lounge chair. and oh by the way the drink prices are crazy too. $14.00 for a small drink and $22.00 for a large. That's why I brought a few beers in a small bag with ice to the pool. The sports book is huge and had allot of fun there. If you play keno they give you free drink coupons which came in handy considering the prices of drinks. All in all it was a great place to stay, very clean and comfortable.We were celebrating our anniversary and had a great time. Vegas will wear you out so bring good walking shoes and be ready to party!!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Luxe suite makes stay superb	We were booked into a luxe suite w/ foyer, powder room, wet bar, living room, dining room, large bedroom, and large bathroom. My partner is well loved by the casinos and they offer fine things to keep you coming back for more. This suite would do it for me. The view wasn't the finest, but the room was absolutely superb. It was in one of the older towers near the Cleopatra Bar barge, but it was updated, contemporary, and s p a c i o u s. A bit of a walk to the pool, but no problem. I want to replicate the shower in my home--good size and well laid out. A walk-in closet in the bathroom made our few hanging items look like they were in an in-room suite. Very comfortable.	
Oct 14 2009 	Greatjust don't gamble here!	Spent four days at Caesar's with husband and another couple. We have been to Vegas several times before and decided to stay at Caesar's because we never had and wanted to experience the kitsch. :) (like Disneyworld for adults)The place is very impressive and more to see than we had time for-and unbelievably HUGE! I knew not to take my &quot;pretty&quot; shoes,but rather the walking shoes-good thing,too! From our room in the Palace Tower to the Flamingo,across the street was about a mile hike. Our room was large,lovely and comfortable. Beware the weight-sensitive mini-bar and amenties on top of the bar they want you to buy. $8 m&amp;m's,seriously! With this type of luxury place you don't get a coffee pot,micro or fridge (that's dedicated to the mini-bar). My dear hubby hiked down to Payard's each morning and got me a $6 cup of coffee. Everyone was friendly except for the dealers who seemed not to like their jobs. Hubby plays craps and there was never anything but $25 tables. I never saw them busy or noticed anybody winning at anything,actually. We went across the street to the Flamingo to gamble where it was much more exciting with $5 and $10 tables. The craps crew at the F were surprized when we told them about the (mostly empty) $25 tables at Caesar's! They are both owned by Harrahs,I understand. We also went downtown to gamble and hubby won big at his favorite-Binion's. We had brunch at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill (at Caesar's) and it was good-not as good as last time's meal at Wolfgang Puck's Bistro,tho'(at the MGM). All food we encountered at C's was very expensive. We were seated at Beijing Noodle #9 for dinner and after about 10 minutes with no service at all got up and left-they never even noticed. At the Seafood restaurant we were warmly welcomed and had great service and good food,tho' it is more Asian than seafood. Another meal was at a diner type place at the Flamingo-we were ready for a burger and it was good. We had dinner at Caesar's Augustus Cafe one night. As far as I know,it is the only 24-hr place to eat at C's. It was not very good with fair to poor service.Notes: It is very dry in Vegas,I couldn't moisturize enough,or get enough to drink. A 16 oz. (I think) soft drink at the shop in the lobby is $3.95. I tried to buy soda out of the machines on 2 floors-neither worked. Could they be trying to force you to buy those $6 drinks from the mini-bar?We rented a car because we went to Hoover Dam one day. Driving on the Strip is horrible-take a taxi or limo if you can. It took forever to get our car from the airport rental place and make it to the hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	Surreal experience	It took me a long time to understand this whole 'Vegas Experience' , but it was certainly not what I expected. I booked Ceasars simply because of the name and the history. I expected high rollers, tuxedo's, show's starring Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin, that sense of a real piece of American history, that I as a European had not experienced before. At first I was bitterly disapointed in Vegas, there was no glamour, this really is a Kitsch city, and caesars the most kitsch hotel I have ever stayed in. The mental picture of glamour was instantly replaced by poor Mexican's handing out leaflets advertising porn and adult services, the tuxedo's relaced by baseball caps and shorts, The million dollar gambling tables replaced by 1000's of 25 cent slot machines. The beutiful people replaced by average americans with their large cups full of quarters. Then I got it, Las Vegas is not meant to be glamour, it is meant to be kitsch, infact it is meant to be the absolute pinnicle of kitsch, and you know what Caesars delivers it perfectly. Caesars and Vegas delivers a completely different experience to anywhere else in the world, complete with talking statues. You can see why this place is so popular with ordinary people, stag and hen parties, and the bemused foreigner, it provides a totally different experience based on excess, and fantasy.The rooms were fine, quite ordinary compared wit the rest of the hotel, and the service completely corporate and delivered to perfection. With the strength of the Euro against the Dollar, I found it to be reasonably priced, and we ate well in the various restaurants.Was it all for me? well no, and I have no intention of ever going back to this city. If you want this whole 'Vegas Experience' then I would actually recommend Caesars, it delivers it perfectly.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very Relaxing....everything we needed in one hotel!	My husband and I stayed here for 4 days back in '07. I've told myself to write a review, but just never have! We did a lot of research on hotels on the strip, and decided to go with Caesar's Palace. We thought they had a great gambling/casino area, and the shopping mall is wonderful! The restaurants are top-notch! We never have eaten so well....honestly! Of course, we spent a little more on meals, but we felt it was well worth it. If that's not what you want to do, then there are other options for you.....but I would say a lot of the nicer restaurants here are more on the &quot;pricey&quot; side. But we were ok with that. The pools were great, and room was comfortable and very clean. Caesar's Palace is a gorgeous hotel and really gets 2 thumbs up from us!	
Oct 12 2009 	Rain Man Suite at Caesar's	We were upgraded to the Rain Man suite and it was amazing. They do provide you with many outlets to make noise, ipod stations, big screens, but they will send security if you are too loud. We had a great time.	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent accomidations	Room service was great, limo pick up etc. Hotel pool was excellent.	
Oct 10 2009 	At Caesars Palace	Probably you just heard about caesars palace as a box arena, but it was the best hotel creation around greek and rome culture... each place in the hotel remembers this... statues, colosseum, mall, all of them are stunning...In addition, you will be correctly placed in the vegas strip! near to all!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Stay..	Stayed in the Forum Tower in one of the newly renovated rooms. The room was great, no complaints, except maybe the view of the parking garage, but it didn't bother us. Housekeeping, drink service, and front desk all went above and beyond. Did Caesars buffet, it was OK, nothing special. The food court is convenient when you want to grab something quick. Overall, we had a great stay at Caesars and will be back. You will not be disappointed if you stay here.	
Oct 9 2009 	Location opulence and service can't be beat!!!	Our room was in the Augustus tower, room 2968 to be exact. Had a perfect strip view of the Bellagio fountains and Paris. The room was spotless, new, the bed was huge and comfy, and the bathroom was as large as the room our friend had at the Imperial Palace. The casino was large and airy (also VERY lively). Every employee we encountered was friendly and courteous. I also found the slots here very loose. Planning my next trip to Vegas already, and I will definetly stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great rooms excellent location	Caesar's is located extremely conveniently on the Las Vegas Strip - lots to do around and easy access to other great casinos. The shopping area is fantastic and the free shows are fun. The room was great - and clean - although the bathroom was smaller than expected. Great service,. friendly staff. Definitely recommend staying here.	
Oct 8 2009 	Classy hotel with wonderful theming but incredibly expensive	I stayed in an Augustus Tower room back during my first (and until this November, only) trip to Vegas for a wedding. The rooms were ungodly expensive, even pricey after dividing the price by 3 since I shared a room with two friends. Still, I must say the rooms were incredibly impressive and worth every penny. Extremely spacious and elegantly decorated. The bathroom itself was nearly as big as my bedroom at home, and had an enormous jetted tub, walk in shower, vanity with two sinks and a separate closet for the toilet. It was one of the the best hotel rooms I've ever stayed in, though the mattresses could have been a little softer. That said, from what I saw of a regular base level room (which they call Classic), I can't imagine that it'd be worth staying in this hotel if you weren't splurging on one of the more expensive rooms. The base level rooms weren't much better than a room at any run of the mill chain hotel yet are rented at rates higher than much of the strip. Caesars has one of the greatest locations of any of the resorts on the strip. Right in the middle of everything so walking to other resorts isn't as arduous as it could be. And that's if you even decide to leave the resort. Caesars has some of the best shopping in the area, the Forum Shops is easily my favorite shopping center on the strip. Lots of great restaurants are here, the spa is absolutely fabulous (even just paying the $45 to use the facilities at Qua is worth it, though for that much you ought to just get a treatment as their staff is wonderful), the pools are gorgeous and their show rooms host plenty of big name entertainers. It'd be very easy to check in here for a long weekend and never find a reason to leave the property.All and all, I'd have to say this is an excellent resort, though probably out of the price range of many travelers (myself included) as there are plenty of hotels nearby that offer rooms that are just as nice (or in the case of base level rooms, much better) for less. If you do have the opportunity to stay here though, I'm sure you won't regret it.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great stay at Caesars.............	Stayed here for 6 nights at the end of Sept,Palace tower, very large room.2 queen beds and asked for another, no problem, delivered in mins,.Towels changed every day and beds changed on request,excellent service.Ordered room service for breakfast 2 mornings,delivered in 30 mins.We has 5 nights comped so didnt expect to get such a nice room.The Palace tower was nearest the pool which was wnother bonus.Plenty of towels at the pool,but be down early to get a bed.Really enjoyed our stay and look forward to staying here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Caesar's is a great hotel	Caesar's Palace was a great hotel to stay at. We stayed in suites in the new Augustus Tower. It's really convienently located and the room was beautiful. I'm a fan of any place with a television in the bathroom. We had a great view of the Bellagio fountains. The room was very big and had a whirlpool bathtub. The tower had it's own smaller casino, and was connected to all the other areas, including the pool (which was great) and shopping.As to be expected with any hotel in Vegas, it's smoky and loud downstairs, but we had no such troubles in our room!The staff was great and incredibly helpful in finding directions and shows, and bringing extra towels! The service is very quick. I recommend this hotel!	
Oct 8 2009	Beautiful hotel with a lot to offer!	This hotel was fantastic! The rooms were spacious and beds were comfortable. There were several swimming pools as well as the Forum Shops and plenty of restuarants and nightlife. The only thing that we didn't care for was the smoking. We got a non-smoking room, but you could still smell smoke in the room. Overall, a great vacation!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Pool and Perfect Location	We stayed at Caesar's Palace in the Roman Tower - the older tower. The rooms were nice, but not much different than rooms at New York New York or Paris. We heard the newer towers are nicer. The pool was great though! They have several pools actually, and we played Black Jack in the water - it was perfect since it was 99 degrees and we didn't want to be stuck inside all day. The hotel is in a perfect location - right next to the Bellagio and Mirage, and close to several older casinos that have lower minimum betting. We had a great trip!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great room friendly staff. Uneven service	Our clerk at check-in was friendly, funny and helpful. He upgraded us to a mini-suite in the Palace Tower since our reserved deluxe room in the Forum Tower was unavailable. The room was very large and well-appointed with a great view of the pools. Two bathrooms, too. We used room service twice and the servers were also friendly and helpful. Service issues:1. There is only one person stationed at the &quot;Leisure Concierge&quot; desk. There were often lines and we gave up waiting on one occasion. Caesar's should have tripled the staffing to match the size of the hotel.2. Our room service tray was left in the hall for at least 36 hours. With old food on it. Otherwise we had no problems.Other:This hotel is expensive. Drinks, food, shops and table minimums. Be prepared so you aren't shocked. We played blackjack across the street at Bill's and enjoyed it there.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very disappointed	I stayed at Caesars Palace a few years ago while attending a conference and was very impressed. This time, I was very disappointed. The carpet was frayed, the bathroom walls had not been cleaned, I had to call room service for ice every day, the ethernet did not work, etc. When I checked out and expressed my disappointment I was given petty excuses.	
Oct 6 2009 	going downhill	We`ve been to Caesars every year for the last twenty-odd years, so it pains me to write this but....It seems to me, that unless you`re part of a huge group, or willing to pay out for lots of extras, they`re not really interested anymore.For example, if you want to sit by the pool, there are plenty of sunbeds but they`re all behind the double beds and canopied beds that, of course, cost extra. Also, one afternoon, we went down for a swim at around 4.50 pm to be told that all the pools and the whole area was closing at 5pm for a private function.This has happened to us before and I urge you all to complain to the duty manager if it happens to you. We did and received 100 dollars to spend on food and drink as compensation, but it really isn`t good enough. There are 4 pools - why not just close one or two.Yes, the rooms are lovely (we stay in the Augustus Tower) and the location is great, but next year we`ll be looking at alternatives because we`re fed up of being treated as if we`re not important.	
Oct 4 2009 	Pools and Cabana Not What We Expected	Husband and I went to Caesars Palace for the experience of the new pools at the god of the gardens pool complex. What a joke ! The new pools, which were the only ones in the sun ( and it was very cool in the shade) were closed the whole time we were thereMonday thru Thursday. People were wrapped in towels at the pools in the shade hoping that the sun at some point would be over them.We paid $300.00 for a cabana that did not even have a thin rope to separate it from the public. People were sitting right on top of us. One woman tried to sit on one of our chairs. (because there were no chairs available at the five pool complex) So Disappointed !Thank God for the Spa ! We ended up spending most of our time there.	
Oct 4 2009 	Again - a wonderful time at Caesars	We were at Caesars from Sept.23 to 30th and stayed in the Palace Tower (room 2344)and had a wonderful time. The first night it was so overbooked that they had to put us in the Roman tower, which from all reviews had me worried. It was actually not a bad room at all - mind you it is smaller and a bit dated but the walls were thick enough that we heard no noise at all. The next day they moved us to the Palace Tower which we requested because it is so close to the swimming pools which makes it the best location for us. We had two bathrooms in our room and the room was large, overlooking the pool area. We had ample towels and no problems at all, other than the housecleaning staff was a bit slow and could be cleaning a bit better, but the bed sheets were clean, and towels where plenty. We asked and received a small fridge for our left overs from our meals, which the next day made great sandwiches for lunch. We also asked for an extra cot which arrived free of charge. Finally the pools are complete and the new cabanas and day beds add a nice look to all the pools. The water was clean and warm - I do agree that the beds are a bit too close to each other, but people do spread out. We ate twice at the Mesa Grill, and once at Bradley Ogden - both are excellent. We also enjoy the food around the pool. One night we went to the Hofbrauhaus for Octoberfest celebrations and had a really fun evening. The keg-meister that evening was Lance Burton and he was very friendly and approachable. The food there was good German down home cooking and their staff was very friendly and helpful with explaining all the dishes. Another evening we ate at the Rio, at their Indian restaurant, and the food was delicious. We left the ordering up to the waiter, and he did a great job of giving us a good cross selection of delectible dishes. If you like sea bass, they did this one dish that I thought was amazing! We went to see Penn &amp; Teller and I don't know if it was an off evening - but I didn't think they were all that good - Penn talked too much and talked very quickly and it was hard to understand him - I could have used less talking and more magic.In the end, everyone at Caesar's was curteous, friendly and professional. We go twice a year and have never had anything but the best - no complaints.They will see me again in April.	
Oct 4 2009 	Terrible Hotel Rooms and Customer Service	I stayed at Caesars Palace for three nights while attending a business conference. At first, I was assigned a room in the Centurion Tower. The room was clean, but very dated and the mattresses were VERY hard. I would have been better off sleeping on the floor! The room view was terrible and looked straight into the a/c units. This caused it to be very loud at night. I could not sleep at all so very late that night I got dressed and went to the reservation area to see if I could be moved to another room. The employee stated that they did not have any rooms other than suites available. First off, they were incredibly rude and obviously hated their jobs. Second, she said they could upgrade me to a suite for $200 more per night. At this point, I was traveling alone so there was obviously no need for a suite. I just wanted a quiet room with a comfortable bed. I then asked what was available the next night. I was able to upgrade my room for $50 more a night. The room I was upgraded to was nice and the bed was comfortable, but still not worth what they are charging for the room. In addition, I paid $14.99 for 24 hours of internet service that could only be used in my room. When I switched rooms, they tried to tell me that I would have to purchase the internet again. I was persistent and refused to pay for the service again when I still had 12 + hours I already paid for. They did adjust the bill for this issue, but were rather rude in the process. The amenities at this hotel are nice and the business conference area was very nice. Before the conference, my husband and I stayed at Treasure Island and had a very nice experience. In addition, the bill for three nights at Treasure Island was less than half the amount of the hotel bill for Caesars Palace. I hardly ever leave comments about hotels, but my experience at Caesars Palace was awful and I felt it needed to be shared so others do not have to go through a similar experience. The hotel's employees seem to forget that they are working in the hospitality industry. There are too many other options in Vegas and I will not return to Caesars Palace.	
Oct 3 2009 	Nice big rooms	The room we had was with two queen size beds and still the extra space was more than enough to accomodate the five of us in the room. They also had a nice shower head where you can use as a hand held shower head or attach it on a small pole and move it up and down to fit you from head to toe.	
Oct 2 2009 	Wonderful Visit with beautiful room casino and grounds	Arrived Sept. 23 for a 5 night stay. Check-in and Registration person was great and pleasant. Stayed in an Augustus Tower Room. My room's location had great day and night views!!! of the Bellagio and the Fountain Show, Bally's, Paris' Eiffel Tower and their Balloon/Globe, Planet Hollywood, the newly almost completed City Center, and a distant view of the MGM Grand.My room had a King Bed, brown-velvet sofa with coffee table, a comfortable chair with ottoman, 36&quot; diameter wood table with 2 chairs, desk with chair, 2 LCD TVs (one in room and other in bath), 3 1/2' x 7' gold-framed mirror, 6' Wooden storage base with Refreshment Bar, a 10' x 14' well-appointed marble bath with coffiered ceiling, jetted? soaking tub, separate 3' x 4' glass-enclosed shower, a separate commode are with door, 6' Granite top Vanity with double sinks along with Twin Mirrors with 3 light Sconzes and many towel racks.After getting to my room, I noticed there was not a mini-fridge in the room. Before I called downstairs, the front-desk person who checked me in called my room phone to ask if I liked my room. I said everything was perfect, except I noticed there is no mini-fridge and I like to have one in a room. She immediately had one sent up to my room which was delivered (to my surprise) within 10 minutes after our phone conversation. Now that is what I call Great and Considerate Service!Housekeeping services appeared sufficient; always had fresh towels. However after the first couple of nights I had to leave a note requesting more soap which was a first-time experience as a guest. Housekeeping then left in the bathroom a plastic bag filled with a bunch of soap...LOL...all I wanted was a couple new bars.Pool area was nice, but chaises are too close to one another. Advise you get there about 9:30 a.m. for a spot.This establishment's grounds and facilities are beautifully done and maintained in my opinion. Huge wide-open rotunda in Registration area with center statutes. Convenient front-entrance taxi/shuttle services...no walking to some far and obscure area.I can't comment on Caesars Palace's dining establishments. I dined at my favorites. For you younger folks, there are a number of nightclubs/bars at this establishment...very active especially over the weekend...which seemed monitored by security personnel.Slots are very tight with little or smaller payouts than other casinos within Las Vegas; plentiful table games open.I saw Cher at Caesars Colosseum; great show and costumes though I was a bit surprised it only lasted an hour and fifty minutes. I hoped it would go over two hours long. Otherwise, very well put together and highly recommended. If you get to the Palazzo/Venetian, see Jersey Boys (based on Franki Vali and the Four Seasons) if you haven't yet seen it. The show is based on their life story and includes all their songs. However, see this show when Rick Faugno is performing (Friday's and Saturday's) as Franki Vali because his voice is much more spectacular (his vocals stand out more) than the other performer's voice.I really enjoyed my vacation stay here at Caesars Palace. The only negative I have is that I seemed to have better players luck at other establishments and very little or none at Caesars; maybe this experience here I was unlucky. Just seemed rather wierd. That's Vegas for you.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Location but easiy not the best anymore!	Great Location on the strip,but I agree with a previous reviewer,you get what you pay for,it was somewhere to put your head,and lets face it you dont go to Las Vegas to sit in your room! and we stayed here mainly as we were seeing Bette Midler at the colosseum.The rooms arereasonably clean with okay service.nothing to shout about if you have stayed with other hotel brands around the world in my opinion it is very average and needs a lot of updating.Food prices are the usual rip off although it is possible to eat for a reasonable price if you look around.Las Vegas is great though for a few days though	
Oct 1 2009 	An amazing hotel at the heart of Las Vegas!	We stayed in Caesar's Palace for two nights of our seven night trip and it was probably our favourite hotel. It is just as you imagine - great service in a very grand environment. The staff were all very friendly and helpful; the bathrooms were enormous with huge baths and seperate showers; the casino is massive and there are many events to see (we recommend Cher even as non fans she was amazing!).The Forum shops are part of the hotel and there are loads to choose from.There is loads to do at night including the shows, clubs, bars and the casinos.We highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 1 2009 	Very big place	Stayed 3 nights for a family wedding and being late June it was very hot outside but nice and cool in the hotel.Have nothing but praise for our room in the Palace Tower but housekeeping were very slow in cleaning room service food trays and glasses from the corridor floors.The hotel is enormous and it takes an age to walk from reception to the Palace Tower. Both checking in and out were relatively quick operations. Had the breakfast buffet which is not cheap but good but did not eat in any of the other restaurants as we were too busy sightseeing outside of the hotel.The shopping mall was very big but quite expensive, really interesting decor on the ceiling/roof with some interesting moving statue shows. Ample free car paking in the hotel. Not impressed by the swimming pools - they are over detailed and intricate and the sun beds are jammed tight together, we prefer more natural free form swimming pools.Overall a good place although if we go again would like to try the Bellagio.	
Sep 30 2009 	What a brilliant holiday!!!!	I have just returned from a long weekend in Vegas with my husband and friends. It was a fantastic trip and could be rated as one of my best holidays! We stayed in Caesars Palace and after reading the reviews on here I was very worried as to what to expect. There were several reviews saying how grubby and run down it was????Not our experience - on arrival I asked for a complimentary upgrade and they said one had already been applied. The room was lovely, clean, modern and although our view was of the back of the hotel, it was still a view. We stayed in the palace tower and paid about £350 for 3 nights through a travel agents. The hotel has a really nice vibe, people are very friendly and it went on for miles! Being a bit of a self proclaimed snob, I found that being one of the pricier hotels attracted better clientel. After looking round the other hotels, I would suggest Caesars, The Venetian and The Bellagio. Drinks are really expensive at about $9 each, so make sure you make the best of free drinks when gambling.Places to visit - Caesars Palace - The cheesecake factory. Either eat a main or dessert, nnot sure you will manage both!The Venetian - The Gondola rides. Very expensive and short but worth a look at the indoor canals, beautiful!The Mirage - All you can eat champagne breakfast. Not posh but fab food and we didn't need to eat until 11pm that night! The exploding volcano, outside and explodes every hour from 8-12.The Parisian - Mon Ami Gabi. The best breakfast I have ever had, great service and bottomless drinks. I had the chocolate and bacon waffle which stunned me into silence, a real must-try.The MGM - Free lion attraction, great for kids and big kids alike. KA the show, pretty expensive but mind blowing and had us gasping for breath at the stunts.The Stratasphere - The rides at the top are great, do them in the dark for best effect. We also had dinner at the 'Top of the World ' restaurant. Great views, good service but really pricey. $300 for 4 of us for just mains and a bottle of wine. Try it as a treat if you dont go on a helicopter.The Bellagio - The fountain goes off through the day, but come alive at night! They go off every 15 mins and are fabulous, another freebie! The dress code in here was a bit more upmarket and most girls were in dresses.One last top tip - the taxi from the airport to caesars cost us $30 on the way to the hotel and $11 on our trip back.... done over as usual for being a tourist. Ask for the direct route and say that you have been before so they dont con you.p.s. everyone wants a tip and some will ask you for one. Dont be a woss and pay a taxi driver if he doesnt do a good job, we had one who wouldn't accept our payment until we added a tip - tell them where to go, you wont see them again!All in all, we would go back tomorrow. Fantastic!!!	
Sep 30 2009 	Disappointing	The reception process was a brutal and bruising experience. We were not given the room that had been reserved on our behalf by our UK tour operator. The room that we were given was 633 in the Palace Tower, not the expected room in the Forum Tower. The furniture in 633 wasbattered and bruised, the paintwork was covered in a thick layer of dust. One of the wardrobe doors was hanging off. The coridor immediately outside our room was variously strewn with dirty plates empty beer bottles, and for a long time there was a &quot;Commode&quot; was left in the corridor. To get to the Palace Tower elevators outside the Palace Pool area, we constantly had to fight our through large groups of drunken men, intimidating guests going for the elevators. The House standards were disgraceful. This Hotel is so grossly overpriced for the service for the level of service displayed it is insulting to any visiting tourist.NEVER AGAIN	
Sep 30 2009 	SHOCKED 	Booked for 7 nights the room we booked was totaly unexceptable, shower blocked then all this black junck coming up through the drains! no backs on the the draws so clothes just fell through to the next draw, the entrance door was not fitted well with a 2 inch gap at one end.We were then upgraded to a great room with extra cost incured by US.Upgrade was great untill we tried to sleep. The suite next door was party central for a least 4 of the 7 night stay with the music not loud but blaring.After the last complaint to reception the extra cost for the upgrade was wavered.At no time were we contacted by any staff member in any position to see if the situation could be resolved (The duty manger was even invited up to our room by us to wittnes the party going on next door, that was a no show.) At last checking out, the receptionist was not aware of the room waver and put it on our account after she was informed by me of the waver, she then had to contact whoever to sort this problem out WHAT A MESS. At no time were we asked by any staff member at Ceasers about our VERY VERY unsatifactory stay, o'h i lie a female valet attendant did ask us about our stay when she retrived our car.This was our third visit to vegas, and we did splash out to stay at Ceasers. &quot;NOT HAPPY JAN&quot;	
Sep 29 2009 	Best Hotel anywhere	This hotel has everything you could possibly ask for. It's an amazing place and won't let you down. No pictures, movies or internet sites will do this hotel justice. Seeing is believing and it is a must for everyone. The location is perfect, the staff are brilliant, the casino is exceptional and the clubs are fantastic. I was blown over and still reeling now I'm home. If I'm lucky enough to get back to Vegas I will stay here.	
Sep 28 2009 	You get what you pay for!	Staff was better than most. Room was great. Food was way expensive!!! $25.00 minimum table games?? Nice place to stay. Eat and gamble somewhere else!	
Sep 28 2009 	Horrible Customer Service...Will not reimburse unauthorized purchase	I returned from Caesar's palace and found that $75 was charged to my Visa from the snack bar snackus maximus even though I did not make any purchases there and wasn't even in Las Vegas the day these were charged to my Visa. I was extremely disappointed when I contacted Harrah's my only two options for filing a complaint were through email or via a voicemail. I have contacted them numerous times without a response. I will never again stay at a Harrah's property. I am lucky I was only $75 was stolen from my credit card. By the time I noticed it on my Visa it was two late to launch an investigation. If this is how they treat customers, imagine if how they will treat you if a more serious problem occurs.	
Sep 28 2009 	Not Safe Stay Away	Do no stay here, that’s my advice. It’s not a safe hotel. While asleep someone entered my room with a Hotel key and robbed me. The Hotel claim it’s not their fault, despite the fact a Hotel key was used. I had my key so the only answer is the Hotel the allowed someone gain access to my room. I have received no compensation in any form from the Hotel. The hotel claim I should have used the safe, but who uses a safe at night to put your wallet , purse and watches away while in the room? I was lucky I was asleep during the robbery if I woke up anything could have happened to me. If you stay here you may not be as lucky…. Do not stay here	
Sep 28 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location pity about the service	If you're staying in Vegas then Caesar's is probably in one of the best locations, roughly in the middle of the strip. While there is a bus service that stops at all of the casino's on the strip its often quicker to walk, which made Caesar's a winner in that regard.The rooms were well kept, even had a little TV in the bathroom! Very spacious and a massive bed. The pool was amazing, with a true Roman feel and plenty of places to just relax and unwind. The hotel itself is very grand and the internal architecture is quite impressive.However, you should forget about using the internet to check your emails etc unless you're happy to fork out $0.50/min.Unfortunately we found the service at Caesar's to be almost non-existant. If you want to speak to the concierge expect to wait on average 20 minutes, and in all instances but once they were far from helpful. How a hotel the size of Caesar's can only have 1 concierge is beyond me!After our room key malfuntioned it took approx 40mins to eventually get into the room after waiting at the front desk and then waiting for security - a process that would take most hotels no more than 10 mins....	
Sep 26 2009 	Great pool but hotel is old and it's obvious--not the best in vegas!	My boyfriend and I stayed at Caesar's Palace while in town for my cousin's wedding. We were very excited to stay here, especially since the movie &quot;The Hangover&quot; and had just come out. Needless to say, the movie makes the hotel look a hell of a lot nicer than it is. Don't get me wrong, the lobby is pristine, the pool is immaculate and the forum shops are of course amazing. We spent almost every night dining at some of the fantastic restaurants in the forum shops, like Il Mulino, Boa Steakhouse, Sushi Roku and Spago. If not for the forum shops we would have been very disappointed.Our room was old and not kept well. It was a standard suite, and had a great view of the pool, but the bed was uncomfortable and had an old pink comforter like a motel. The bathroom was all marble and beautiful, except for one major problem---there was no door!!! Thankfully my boyfriend and I have been together long enough for this not to be a deal-breaker, but we were still uncomfortable with using the facilities with the other person in the same room and no door. Also, one afternoon water started pouring out of the ceiling vent above our toilet. We called down immediately and maintainence told us that it was from the room upstairs' tub overflowing. Obviously there was nothing they could have done to prevent this, but it still left a bad taste in our mouths. The spa there was amazing. It had several roman baths and jacuzzi's, and even had an arctic room which is set at 55 degrees and has fake snow! It was incredibly beautiful and relaxing.We were expecting a lot more from Caesar's Palace and unfortunately our expectations weren't met. The first night we arrived there was a group of housekeeping carts being stored on our floor right by our room. We called down to let them know and they said they would move them. The same thing happened the second night, only the carts were never moved. This happened every night of our 5 night stay and we complained several times. The casino was old and dreary. All of the dealers looked as if they had one foot in the grave (or wished they did) and the whole set up was very cheesy. The forum shops casino, however, was beautiful. The regular caesar's casino had very low ceilings and not a lot of things to do.The location of Caesar's was great--it's right in the middle of everything. But for the location, the Bellagio right next door was ten times as nice. My dad and his girlfriend were staying there and we wanted to be there all the time. The casino was beautiful and huge, the restaurants were yummy and trendy and it even had a better nightlife than Caesar's.We also visited the famous club Pure at Caesar's but it was not much to look at. It was extremely crowded and filled with really pretentious people. We are from Boca Raton, FL which is arguably one of the snobbiest places in the country, so we are definitely familiar with this crowd, but still had a hard time stomaching the one in Pure. Wouldn't recommend it but it was great for the awesome $90/night rate that we got. If you want luxury, stay at the Bellagio, Wynn, or even the new Palazzo.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great hotel centrally located on strip	Checkin went very good, short line and we were given a great room. Because we booked through Hotwire I was affraid we would get an old room but instead we got a newly renovated Deluxe Palace Tower Room in the Palace tower. An upgrade to a small suite was offered to us, but because we would not spend that much time in our room we did not do this.We had to find our way through the Casino to the elevator, and when arriving at the room we really liked it. It had a separate room where you could put your suitecases, and a huge bathroom with a 2 person jacuzi. The rest of the room (TV and bed) were also big enough for us. The windows are from ground to ceiling so we had a great view over the strip and the rest of the city, especially at night.Selfparking was easy, the parking garage is large and you can park your car near the elevator which leads you into the casino. Also the shops (Forum Shops) are great to see but a little bit expensive. The Apple store was also there.We only had breakfast once in the hotel, there are several counters where you can buy different kind of foods, and also over here the personel is very helpful.The location is perfect, when you walk out of the hotel, you are in no time in The Venetian, Paris, Bellasio, Treasure Island etcetera. If you have an hotel which is further down the strip it is a long walk to get to the central strip. You can than take the monorail but we did not find the Vegas monorail very convenient as it's stations are on the back of the hotels that are on the other side of the strip of Caesars. So we walked around the casino's and saw all the fabulous things in the hotels (aquarium, canalboats, lions, rollercoasters).The swimming pool is very luxureus, it has multiple pools includinf one in which you can play poker! This is something like i've never seen before! Checkout using the TV was possible so this was a very convenient and fast way, no queues!Next time we will visit Vegas, we definitely book Caesars again!	
Sep 26 2009 	Incredible Spa!	We stayed at Caesars recently for my husband's birthday with four other couples. We have stayed at most of the major Las Vegas hotels over the past 15 years and liked them all, however Caesars was a step above the rest. The pool was gorgeous, and not as hectic as some of the others. The Spa was unbelievable, and completely transcended us off the Vegas strip. The Roman bath was fabulous, and especially the Arctic room, where moisturizer fell from the ceiling.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Hotel with wonderful service.	I stayed in a Deluxe room in the Augustus Tower 9/20 through 9/24. The room was large with TVs in both the bedroom and bath. Shower, double sinks and tub . Clean room with nice toiletries and robes. Check In clerks were very nice and helpful. Casinos were nice and clean as was the room. Room Service was great and the food expensive but tasty. Service through the stay was great. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	Awesome Room 	Stayed from Sept 16-20. When we got in to check-in we had a room reserved in Forum Tower after giving the clerk my credit card gave her the $20 trick for an upgrade and got upgraded to the Palace Tower. While our room was already comped $20 got us a fabulous room with jacuzzi and marble bathroom view of pool and slighted view of Bellagio watershow. Best part was our elevator door was a short distance to pool. Didn't do any gambling in casino loved blackjack at pool it was great. Overall very expensive but just a short walk to Harrahs where we did most of gambling O Sheas and Flamingo close by. Caesars is expensive but you dont have to make it break you there are other options nearby for food gambling and fun	
Sep 25 2009	This Hotel Sucks Bigtime....biggest Ripoff in Vegas.	I paid $495 for the worse room I have sleep in for some time.I checked in late (about 11.30pm) I had been travelling for over 40 hours. The shock came after opening the door to my room on the 6th floor .The towels were dirty...the bath had grime and a layer of dirt I had to clean before taking a shower. There was NO door to the bathroom...the shower was not working.The room was musty and dirty...I took one dirty towel to the check-in desk and the girl who checked me in had a stupid silly smirk all over her face. She told me there were NO other rooms available...I found out in the morning this was a lie.I had booked via a 1-800 number (free) only to find they bill you $11.50 to take a reservation over the phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Caesars offered me a Stunning room upgrade if I booked a $100 room on a mail piece they sent me (I have previously stayed at this hotel) .......what I got was a dirty, old style TV, filthy, no bathroom door pace that I would think twice about leaving a dog there.The view from my window was the waste pipes coming from toilets of other rooms.of 294 hotels listed here on Tripadvisor ...........I rate Caesars as last card in the pack.	
Sep 23 2009 	excellent visit to c elebrate 47th wedding anniversary	We stayed at Caesar's from 9/7-9/12/09 to celebrate our 47th wedding anniversary- We are diamond players therefore was given a room in the Argustus Forum on the 37th floor overlooking the fountains at the Bellagio- it was really beautiful at night to be able to overlook the strip and also see the fountains-We ate lunch 0b 9/11, around 2:45 at the Bellagion buffet and found the food delicious- decor a little dreary but the food was excellent- especially the cream spinach- everything was fresh, hot was hot, cold was cold, and plentiful.This was my 5th trip to Las Vegas but this was one of the most memorable.	
Sep 22 2009 	Very disappointing	Our trip started out with not being able to check in until almost 5:00 p.m. We arrived in Vegas at 11:30 a.m. and got to the hotel shortly thereafter hoping to be able to check in a little early. Unfortunately, that was not the case. We waited in line only to find out that no rooms were ready and still in the process of being cleaned. We check back twice and finally were able to check in. The next problem was that there were six of us and we wanted three rooms together which they were unable to accommodate. The desk clerk told us the hotel was completely booked. Two rooms were in the Roman Tower and if at all possible, do not stay there. The rooms are a notch BELOW a &quot;old&quot; Holiday Inn. The carpet was worn, we had no view other than a roof top, the pillows were old and lumpy along with the beds, towels worn and scratchy. It was nothing I would have thought. We thought of asking for other rooms, but didn't want to waste any more time with waiting in line and dealing with unfriendly staff.We had to pay $4.00 for a cup a coffee at one of the bars. We had breakfast at one of the restaurants and it end up costing $33.00 for two. We did find the food court and it still was pricey for what you got and nothing special.The other two people got a room in the Centurion Tower and their room and view was a little better. However, their tv went on the fritz and they ended up getting &quot;free&quot; porno - how nice was that??? Especially for two women!!!We couldn't check out via the TV so again, we had to wait in a long line to check out.While I know you don't spend a lot of time in the room, I had really expected a lot more from Caesar's. We did manage to get a fairly good deal using Expedia for the hotel and airfare but our next trip to Vegas we will be staying somewhere else.	
Sep 22 2009 	It was ok.	Stayed at Caesars over the weekend of 9/18. No wait at check in. We wanted to upgrade from the classic room. I thought they might just offer it but ended up paying an extra $40.00 a night for the room. Room and bathroom were nice but tv in the bathroom did not work. Food, gambling and items at the casino were crazy expensive. Slots seemed very tight and drink service was mediocre. Pool was nice with no construction noise that I noticed. At the end I would have rather paid less and stayed at NYNY, Monte Carlo or the like.	
Sep 21 2009 	Wonderful time at Caesars	My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at Caesars Palace. I've stayed at the property twice before, but this was my husband's first time. We both had a wonderful stay and loved everything about Caesars Palace. Our room wasn't available when we went to check in so, we were upgraded to the Palace Tower. Our room was great! It was clean, updated, quiet and very comfortable. The room was cleaned early every day by the maid service. One of the best things about Caesars is it's location on the Strip. It's very centrally located and close to all of the casinos that we wanted to check out - Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn, etc.We loved our visit to Caesars and will definitely stay here again whenever we return to Vegas.	
Sep 21 2009 	Never again!	If you're under 30, you'll probably enjoy Caesars Palace. If you're like us and in your fifties, looking for class, courtesy and good hospitality... you won't find it at Caesars! The majority of the staff, won't give you the time of day; treated folks like a cheap airline, just trying to see how many they can squeeze in. If you're gambling; you're lucky if you see a cocktail waitress any given amount of hours, and then hope they return. If you order any room service, you'll wait over an hour, hope you get what you ordered. It just felt like they don't care or need any business at all. We would &quot;never&quot; book there again!	
Sep 20 2009 	Amazing!!	We went to Vegas right after our wedding in August 09 to have a short honeymoon. We stayed 3 nights, 4 days and had a great time!! The resort was absolutely beautiful and the casino was quite clean and did not smell like smoke like some of the other ones. Check-in was relatively quick but my only complaint was that we had to pay $30 per night to be upgraded to a suite even though it was our honeymoon (that was the only &quot;perk&quot; given to us the whole stay). Our room was amazing - a lot nicer than my friend's who had stayed at Caesar's a few weeks before. It was in Augustus Tower which I think is a newer part of the hotel. Wish there had been a fridge in the room though. There were also these boxes/kits that were on the shelf - you had to be careful not to touch them or you would be charged - kind of odd.Caesar's pool area was my favourite part of the stay. We didn't have any trouble getting chairs since people are constantly coming and going. The pools were well maintained and were perfectly chlorinated. The servers were around often enough to get your drink order and the food by the pool was yummy. I found that there were minimal children at this hotel which was really nice. Found the that restaurants were pretty pricey so we went to the Buffet at Caesar's for dinner one night. Food was just okay. I wish we had gone to the Japanese Restaurant there instead. All in all, I would highly recommend a stay here! Like others have said, it is a perfect location on the strip!!	
Sep 19 2009 	Fancy place with a lot of action!	During my three visits to Las Vegas so far, I've stayed twice at this hotel and both times in a Deluxe Room in the Augustus Tower. The first time I opened the door to my room, my jaw dropped. While I've stayed at a fair number of fancy hotels all over the world, I'd never stayed in such a nice room before and the view through the panorama windows was awesome.I should, however, mention that one of my colleagues stayed in one of the other towers (can't remember which one) and his room was nothing special.The hotel is over-the-top and has some fantastic restaurants, bars, and shopping. The casino is definitely not one of the cheaper ones so unless you've brought a nice wad of spending money, you probably want to go elsewhere for a casual game of BlackJack etc.	
Sep 18 2009	Classic Vegas everyone should experience at least once	Mixed views of this hotel. Overall I would recommend, Impeccable rooms, great location on the strip. Classic Vegas style that needs to be seen to be believed. Unbelievable Night clubs and bar scene, great restaurants and the best shopping out there. Just make sure you bring a boat load of cash as EVERYTHING and I mean everything comes at a premium.The service was good but they did not go the extra mile not what I would consider a 5 star hotel level service. Free room upgrades mid week forget it. My vacation package came with a complimentary room upgrade upon availability. I asked for a suite as it was my sons 21st birthday, they wanted an extra $500/night for this... out of my price range. When I didnt agree to his second offer of a different room for $250/night increase he told me that we would have to wait until 5PM to check in ( it was currently 3PM ). Eventually I got a semi upgrade for $80/night and agreed to it to get us checked in.Food wherever we ate was great but overpriced. Fitness center was $25/day or 3 day pass for $50, facilities were good and always had machines available.	
Sep 18 2009 	Caesars Palace is Vegas at its best	I've been staying at Caesars Palace at least twice a year for the last 25 years and it continues to be one of the best hotels on the strip. The rooms are modern with all the amenities you need for a comfortable to luxurious stay depening on the type of room. I always stay in the Augustus Tower and have never been disappointed. Everything is spotlessly clean and in good working condtion. The bathrooms have a jacuzzi tub and an LCD TV.The property itself is a combination of old Vegas and new Vegas so you get the best of both worlds. The pool complex has just recently been renovated and is easily the best pool complex in Las Vegas . It's a must see if you're staying at the hotel. There's even blackjack in the pool! This is in addtition to some world class restaurants and night clubs. Really, you cant go wrong staying here. I'm looking forward to another 25 years with my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.	
Sep 15 2009 	Unexpected and wonderful!	Found on Hotwire for $99/night and decided to surprise my mom with a stay here. She had wanted us to stay at the very budget friendly Bill's Gambling Hall across the street, but I just couldn't let that be her first real Vegas trip, so I booked Caesars as a surprise. After reading reviews here I was worried that due to our booking method we would be relegated to one of the older towers and a room in disrepair. At check-in, I slipped $20 between my ID and credit card and asked if any rooms in the Augstus tower were available. We ended up on the 7th floor facing the Bellagio fountains, the room was wonderful with two queen beds, sitting area with a few small chairs, couch and coffee table, and a small dining table as well. Bathroom was spacious, separate shower and DEEP jacuzzi tub were both in good working order. She was shocked and delighted with the surprise switch in accommodations, and overall we couldn't have been happier with the room. Breakfast buffet was pretty good, would recommend heading over to Mirage for the Cravings buffet instead, its about the same price with much more variety and I think higher quality overall. Did not spend too much time on the gaming floor as I go to Vegas mostly to sightsee and go to shows. Hotel valet was quick and courteous and only once was it full during the Cher concert. Not sure if this would be the case during the peak summer months, but you wouldn't catch me dead in Vegas in the 100+ heat anyway! All and all, this was a great stay for a mother-daughter weekend and I would not hesitate to stay again. While not the newest or classiest hotel on the strip, Caesars is a place where you don't have to spend a ton to be treated like a first class visitor, and of course the location can't be beat for the Vegas sightseer or first time visitor!	
Sep 15 2009 	Right in the middle of Vegas action	Spent 2 nights here at the end of a trip around California. We upgraded our room on arrival to one in the Augustus Tower which had great views of the strip and Bellagio fountains from its nice sitting area. It looked like this area of the hotel had been renovated recently and the room and furnishings were pretty plush and clean with a good bathroom including spa bath. Caesars is right at the heart of the strip so it was easy to see the main sites and the pool was pretty fun with ridiculous levels of roman decoration - caesar is on a podium in the centre of the pool pointing towards the buffet...there is also swim up poker and back jack so you dont need to head to the immense in door gambling hall if you dont want too. Food and drink prices in Caesars were massive however if you arent a big gambler with a poor glass of white wine costing $9 so worth heading to some of the other casinos for drinks if you arent planning to spend loads on the tables	
Sep 14 2009 	In the Middle of Everything	We come to Vegas a few times a year and this was our first stay at Caesar's Palace. We had gambled enough back in March when we stayed at Paris, Las Vegas (both are member's of Harrah's Total Rewards) that we were able to stay for free. So the value of what we got for only paying about $36 in taxes for 3 nights was pretty high. We were given a room in the Palace Tower on the 23rd floor that overlooked the pools. A good view and the room was very nice with a large bathroom.The best thing about Caesar's Palace is that it is in a great location, right in the middle of the strip. If you want to venture out it's a great starting point. But also, at the same time, if you don't want to leave there is more than enough right there to keep you plenty busy. We like the casino and the large sports book at Caesar's. We're in our 30's and Caesar's has done a great job of infusing youth with their clubs with the older generation that has been coming back since the 1970's. It was packed from when we got there on Thursday to when we left on Sunday night.The pool area is very nice and the pools were heated even though it was over 100 degrees outside, which we liked. We were able to stay cool by the pool since half of the pool area spends most of the day in the shade, which has its pluses and minuses. It was impossible for 4 of us to find spots in the sun but we were able to stay cooler in the shade and hand out in the sunny side of a few of the pools. We bought a few rounds of beers at the store right by the entrance of the pool area instead of from the waitresses to save some money and make sure we didn't have to wait too long for the next round of drinks.Overall, I would say that Caesar's is right on par with some of the nicer Vegas hotels we stayed at but still a small step below a 5 star, maybe a 4.5 or a 4.75. We will definitely come back. It's a great place.	
Sep 14 2009 	Nice hotel excellent location	We stayed at Caesars Palace for five nights in September 2009, the hotel is incredibly centrally located on the Strip and is in an excellent position to walk to most of the main hotels on the Strip. We were allocated a room in the Centurion Tower which is through the casino and appeared to be one of the older towers, however, the room was fine. We had a great view looking straight at Flamingoes over the road and the room was clean and comfortable, but a little dated. One thing we noticed was that the room did not have a fridge/mini bar although this was not a major problem for us. We spent one day by the pool, which was great. There are tons of places to eat, I would definitely recommend the cheesecake factory in the Forum Shops. Overall we enjoyed our stay, a couple of things stopped me rating the hotel higher. The queues at reception are ridiculously long and our room was quite dated. One day we came back a clean room, but they had forgotten to give us any towels so we had to call down for some. They did arrive promptly though, so perhaps I'm being a little picky.	
Sep 13 2009 	Ceasars Good but Pricey when compared to others on the Strip	We had booked a 5 night stay through Vegas.com about 4 months before and it seemed a good deal with rooms in the Roman Tower. However, after reading some of the reviews of the Roman Tower just before we left we made a mental note to check out upgrades when we arrived and we got a lovely room in the Palace Tower for an extra $35 per night. I did get a feeling though that room rates could have been negotiated when we arrived and next time I would just turn up (unless there's a special event on in Vegas etc). The hotel is fabulous expecially the shops. Dining there can be expensive but we had a lovely meal at the Sea Harbour restaurant with 20% discount, we also had a fab meal at the Japanese restaurant with a buy one meal get one free deal. You do need to have money when here as it is expensive.Having stayed at the Luxor a few years ago for a much lower rate, I personally think Ceasars is over rated. The pool area looks lovely, but the pool was dirty and with building works going on around the pool it was quite noisy. The Strip is growing all the time and perhaps Ceasars has just grown too big to be competive with their pricing!!	
Sep 13 2009 	What a rip off!	Everything is extra at this hotel. We were clearly in one of their low-end rooms (upgrades come at a cost, even mid week) -- the room was quite nice, but the bathroom had a handprint on the wall that looked like CSI forensics must have been through the place some time ago. The shower had a dodgy curtain and the only wardrobe space was in the bathroom!$14 per day wifi access in your room for ONE device only...an old television...no coffee maker...and no refrigerator (although some rooms must have a mini one, because down the hall there was a rusty one sitting there for several days). No mini bar snacks or anything. A vending machine down the hall sold pepsi, pepsi, pepsi and water.	
Sep 12 2009 	Consistently Delivers A Superb Experience	I've come to Las Vegas 2-3 times a year for the last 25 years and have stayed at several hotel-casinos including several of what many consider upscale ones. I've truly been impressed with Caesars Palace over the last 3 years. My Palace Tower rooms have always been fresh, neat, and clean with excellent views of the pool. The recent addition of the new tower, villas, convention center, and the 2nd story pool over the new outdoor BJ pool is an eye-opener. The choices of restaurants and cuisine appeal to all tastes and budgets although the buffet is unbecoming. The Deuce bus stops in front of the hotel and that is great to scoot up and down the Strip. But, it's the service quality of the staff that is really distinctive. Everyone works as a team and does their best to please me. They always give me options if my first request is unfulfilled. I've never experienced that at the Venetian or any MGM Mirage resort. These other resorts seem to only want the 21-30 young &quot;adults&quot; who think everyday is spring-break and haven't advanced past frat, sorority, and dorm life.	
Sep 12 2009 	Beautiful Place to Stay but the slots are tight!!	My husband and I were there Sept. 5-9, 2009. We have stayed here many times over the last 8 years. The pool area is now complete and is absolutely beautiful, well worth the wait. Plan on spending about $15-$20 for a mixed drink and $9 for a beer at the pool/casino. Our room in the Augustus Tower was very nice. The slots were very tight, just like they were when we went in April, 2009. The $1 Wheel of Fortunue slots at Caesars do occasionally hit the $1,000. We also tried Harrah's and Flamingo and can honestly say we didn't see anyone winning large jackpots. In fact we only saw 2 people in 4 days win hand/cash pays. Also, Slots of Fun has upgraded their slots, this was one of the few places left that actually still used coins - now it's paper just like the rest. It was kind of sad to see all of the old machines gone. The slot tournament at Caesars was very nice (over 1,100 players). Also, Penazzi Oyster Bar at Harrah's has excellent food and the prices are reasonable! Good luck if you go, just plan on not bringing much money home.	
Sep 11 2009 	Perfection	Me and BFF always wanted to stay at Caesars and are fans of Bellagio. Glad we tried it! Arrived at 8AM on a Sunday morning and they had a Fountain View room available in the Augustus Tower. The room was perfect for 2 women. 2 queen beds, large bath room with jetted tub and the view was wonderful. Plenty of room for both of us to get ready. Beds were very comfortable. Hallways clean and maid service was excellent. Plenty of towels and goodies everyday. The pool was still under a bit of construction, but very nice for traveling without children. Kids would not like this pool. Drinks were expensive but STRONG and worth it. Very tasty Mango Margarita's! QUA spa is the best in LV. The Roman tubs, Arctic Ice room and steam were heaven as was the spa treatment. We did not eat any meals at Caesars so i can not rate that. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Sep 11 2009 	LOVED IT!	We stayed for 3 nights starting from Sunday during Labour Day weekend. We were originally given a Classic Tower Room and we extremely disappointed. We were expecting more from a 4-1/2 star hotel. We checked in right away even though it was only 12:30 which surprised us. But that's because the room was very old and badly in need of renovation, especially the bed. We left our luggage in the room and went to the pool. What a beautiful pool area - probably the best in Las Vegas. We stayed for a couple of hours talking about our room and decided upgrade for an extra $40.00 per night. We got a beautiful Deluxe Forum Tower room - it was like night and day. It was a lovely room - kingsize very comfortable bed, nice, clean linens, t.v. in the mirror, flat screen t.v. in the living room, seating area, drapes opened by remote control and got a great view of the strip. They gave us a $50 food and beverage credit which is gone in a day if you eat or drink anything in the pool area. Quite expensive - a beer is $8.00! We went to the PURE Nightclub the last night - well, if you're not VIP in that place, you are nothing. Caesar's is money-hungry. It's great, but expensive.	
Sep 11 2009 	Fantastic	My husband and I went to Vegas in October. We stayed at Caesars and it was fantastic. Upon arrival, we asked to be upgraded and the reception clerk could not have been more helpful. We got to our room and it was amazing, best hotel room we have ever stayed in. It made our holiday even more special. The room was huge, it was more like a suite with a bathroom just as big. The hotel is massive, as they all are in Vegas but it was just wonderful. It was our first visit to Vegas and we cant wait to go back. We stayed a week and it just wasn't long enough. All staff at the hotel were so helpful and friendly. We booked to see Cher ain concert but she cancelled on the day, we were refunded the same day so can't fault that. I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 10 2009 	great hotel for all !!	We had heard the bad reviews about this hotel but they could not have been further from the truth. We took a chance when checking in and asked for an upgrade and the lady gave us an immediate upgrade to the newest tower (augustus i think) with an amazing view over the bellagio fountains!!The Casino isn't laid out as well as some of the others. The Forum Shops are way overpriced but it's worth just walking down thru them just to see the ceiling alone.We only ate in the hotel once and that was the buffet for $30 each which was good for what we got !Get your breakfast over in Planet Hollywood all you can eat for $15.We will come back again	
Sep 10 2009 	Fantastic Location Great pool	I booked this hotel about 3 months in advance and got a fantastic deal it was preety much half price through Expedia.com. Ceasers Palace is smack bang right in the middle of The Strip. it is not far from the airport (like most of The Strip Hotels). It is a stunning looking hotel and reception area is easy to find. On checkin we signed up for a casino rewarder card which is free and gives you a $20 dinning voucher so that was good value.The hotels location is so good for it is close to the other hotels that hold attracts eg Bellargio fountain display right next door and the pirate show held at treasure island just down the road.The room was in the roman towers and really large with 2 double beds. The bathrooms and really large with a bath and a shower and plenty of room to put you items. Fresh towels daily and they dont start cleaning until after 10 so good if you have a lie in after a big night.the pool area is great no much shade and they were doing the other pool area up while we were thers so maybe this has changed. Drinks are quite expensive by the pool and inside the casino. The Pure nightclub is pretty cool and free if you are a guest but there was no where to sit if you are not in a VIP area so can get really tiresome if you have to stand all night. Did I mention drinks are expensive.You can get a strip bus to the shopping out lets. I would recommend only going to the Premium outlet for it has the same stores as the basic one and also much better ones, also it is easy to get back to the strip from the premium outlet.The only downfall is that the view was not great and the service in the buffet area not great. But all in all a highly recommended hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	Rather Okay	We arrived after midnight and should have been heading for bed. We decided to go down to play slots &quot;Just for a little while&quot;. This was our first night in town this trip and we didn't get to bed until 5:30. Drunk..............And Broke........... I couldn't believe how crappy the payouts were at Caesars. We went fot breakfast across the street at Imperial Palace. Still not a very good buffet. Two bloody Mary's there.....Drunk again............. Back to bed and up at 4:30 to head to Excalibur for the Tournament of kings show(which was okay). We headed downtown that night and had a pretty good time. While visiting the pool at Caesars(which I figured would be one of the more enjoyable things to do there) I was pretty disappointed. I could hear this pounding base music from the bar close by which sort of over-rided the relaxing pool music we were supposed to be hearing. I just couldn't relax and ended up going across the street to get our show tickets for that day at tix for tonight.(Legends in concert 2for1 and George Wallace) Both shows were pretty good. When I got back to the pool my wife wasn't very happy because of the distracting sounds from over yonder. (Base from bar and construction). We headed out for a nice lunch. The room we had reserved was the Forum Tower Deluxe but when she found out we were Diamond Club members she automatically upgraded us to the Augustus Tower which is very close to the Diamond Lounge. I was really expecting something special because I had heard that the Forum tower rooms were quite good and the Augustus tower is a lot more expensive. My wife was very happy with the room and I have to admit I was pleased as well. I remember the shower havig multiple shower heads and there was a jucuzzi tub as well. Lots of stone and marble. Great TV. We could see the Bellagio Fountains (or at least the top of them) as our window was facing south. I just enjoyed looking outside to sort of get a feel for what was going on out there. We could see the busy Flamingo/Las Vegas Strip corner and all the people walking around. I don't want to stay at this place again as I prefer to come down the elevator and be able to walk right into a casino or go right out to the street without having a stroke. Next time it's back to the Flamingo for a little less luxury and a lot less wandering through seemingly endless walkways, entrances and rooms. Also for a tip. I'm pretty careful not to lose money on the slots, but at Caesars and Paris its almost impossible not to. Didn't eat at any of the restaurants. The Diamond club in Atlantic City has a full meal to offer and luxurious surroundings. The Diamond clubs at Vegas have chicken wings and chips and dip. Overall I still love Vegas and can't wait to go back next March!!	
Sep 8 2009 	Enjoyed my stay at Caesars	Room - Augustus Tower 2 Queen bed corner room 3 nightsHaving been to Las Vegas four times it was about time I stayed at Caesars Palace. I Have stayed at all the major 5* hotels on the strip like Venetian, Wynn, MGM, ect. I booked the room directly from the hotels website with a special room rate code I found on the internet. upon checkin, which was about 11pm there was a short line. The clerk at the desk gave us a corner room which is located at the end of every corridor, the corner rooms are much bigger then a normal room and i would defiantly recommend asking for this room when you checkin. The rooms are nice and big with a huge bath tub. I would say rooms are just nice and they don’t have the WOW factor like the rooms at the Wynn. I was happy with the rate I paid for the room, but had I paid normal Caesars rates i would of been a bit disappointed. The Casino is big and a bit hard to navigate at first as you find your self going round in circles. The slots in Caesars are probably the tightest i have played and you’ll find your $20 gone in about 2-3 mins.As for the food, make sure you try the serendipity3 restaurant which is located just outside Caesars, the food is amazing and the deserts are even better. make sure you ask to sit outside and enjoy your food while sitting in the middle of the vegas strip. As for the restaurants in the hotel, we tried the Augustus cafe for breakfast and was not very impressed. The pool area is also just OK and also a bit outdated, they are currently in the process of building a new pool which should be opening soon, even though their is construction pool side, you wont notice it. Make sure you take ID with you to the pool as you cant order anything on the room without it.All in all, I enjoyed my stay at Caesars and would recommend staying here if you get a good room rate. Also remember that this hotel is right in the centre of the strip which makes the location ideal.	
Sep 8 2009 	Amazing Time In Vegas	7 students. 4 guys and 3 girls... stayed at Caesars Palace from a Sunday to a Thursday because of the cheap rates.Most amazing trip of our lives.I'm not someone for the bar scene and the clubs were soooo much fun!! Even though we went on weekday nights the bars were still packed!Caesars was very accomidating... they allowed us to switch rooms because we wanted the two rooms next to eachother. It is a pain waiting in line to check in and out... but oh well.The Pools are beautiful.... I really cannot describe them. But we spent everyday by them.Pure NightClub on Wednesday Night was wild and amazing. Money rained from the ceiling all night and partying on the roof was AMAZING!!!We also checked on Jet at the Mirage which was a great club.... 3 rooms and the music was great. Everything from 80s, to hip hop to Michael Jackson of course.LAX wasn't that good because alot of it is roped off so people just keep walking and no one really dances... I got burned by a few cigarettes that night :SDenny's is great for breakfast (middle of the strip).And there is a small casino next to Denny's and it has $1 beers and $1 Magaritas. ... Imports are $1.50. We pregamed here every night!!! Also my friend won $500 here and another won $250. There is a ticket place IN VEGAS on the strip that gives you 50% off tickets... so DO NOT buy your tickets in advance. Show tickets are always available.Spend the extra $7 to get the VIP up to the Eiffel tower... otherwise you will be waiting like 2 hours.... as opposed to 10 minutes.	
Sep 6 2009 	Best hote of our trip	Have read a few of the reviews and am surprised at the negative comments... we were obviously very lucky as our room was fab and just what we wanted for a one-night stay. We had booked a de-luxe room for 3 people (mum, dad and teenage son) and our confirmation gave us a location in the Forum Tower. On arrival (self-parked, so we were miles from the reception area and ended up going in via the staff entrance!) we had to go through miles of slot machines (we understand the concept!) until we got to the reception area. Check in was relatively quick, despite queues, and we had a friendly check-in clerk who upgraded us to Augustus Tower. Not sure why and we did'nt question it... but presumably a good move as we had a lovely, very clean, very comfortable room with lots of luxury extras. Views over the Strip, two comfortable beds with great linen, sofa and chairs, two windows, massive TV, mini-bar (which we didn't use - and there were no prices), fab bathroom with double shower and spa bath, separate loo, great toileteries. We did Las Vegas for our son - and spent our evening wandering the hotel and streets for the atmosphere. Ceasars made it acceptable for us &quot;oldies&quot; - however the pool was full of mostly &quot;stag&quot; and &quot;hen&quot; parties (lots of cocktails and beer on the go and lots of heavy flirting). We enjoyed the facilities, but thought the pool was a bit mucky because of plastic cups, fag ends etc especially after the odd gust of wind. The best margarhitas of the trip though!If you're going to book, then make sure you spend a little extra... however, think this is a general problem in Las Vegas as we went to visit Circus Circus (again for our son) and found that incredibly &quot;tired&quot;.However we did have the most amazing &quot;all you can eat&quot; buffets in one of the restaurants - think it was Cafe Lago - which satisfied our requirements on the night. Definitely not a Michelin starred experience, but a great way to get good value and good food, with pretty good service too. Alcoholic drinks were expensive but the sodas were OK.	
Sep 6 2009 	A great place to stay	This was my first time staying at Caesars Palace.I have usually stayed at other hotels.I have to say beginning with the check in the service was quick and helpfull.I had a free upgrade with the package i booked with Westjet vacations.The room i got was in the palace tower and a deluxe room.The room had a pool view.It was very clean.I was very happy with the room.Maid service was very good.The only downfall was the reception on tv wasn't great on all channels but who goes to Vegas to watch tv?The room had lots of room.The room had a double jacuzzi tub,double sinks,seperate shower.Is any place perfect of course not but i have to say i had no problems staying there friendly and helpful staff,clean rooms at a reasonable price.	
Sep 6 2009 	Caesar's is there to make you stay fantastic!	Nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. Best service I have ever received. Received a GREAT rate.	
Sep 5 2009 	Loved Caesars!	This was our fourth visit to Vegas, previously having stayed at Luxor, TI and The Mirage. We don't gamble much, just a few $ on the slotties, so we never get comps or anything, so I am commenting on the hotel as a tourist rather than on the casino etc.We stayed for 4 nights, having got the 4th night free through our booking with the UK travel company. The really pleasant guy on the check-in said he would upgrade us to the Palace tower, and our room was lovely. On the 15th floor, with a partial Strip view, very spacious, and a huge bathroom with a double Jacuzzi. It was bright and spotlessly clean. As usual, the mini-bar was extortionately priced, but this is the same the world over, and there was a large ice-bucket and plentiful ice available to chill your own wine that you've bought from the store for a few dollars. Coffee making facilities would have been nice, but that's my only very small niggle about the room.The lifts (elevators) were almost instantaneous despite being on floor 15, and all of the public areas were clean and well maintained. The concierge was very helpful when we wanted to book a show but there was a long queue as there was only one lady on the desk.We didn't eat in the hotel apart from by the pool one day, and although expensive, the portions were huge and very tasty; I had a mozzarella salad which was enormous and covered both my lunch and, as we English say, high tea ;-). Again, the drinks around the pool are way over-priced with two small tins of Corona beer coming in at around $15 plus tip!My only complaint about Caesars is the pool area. The pools themselves are lovely but if you don't get there early in the morning, 9.00am latest, you will struggle to get a sunbed. There is work going on at the moment which probably adds to the problem. Because of the high rise buildings around the pool, some beds are in the shade most of the day whilst others are in the sun with no shade at all; there were no parasols available or any tree cover, unless you paid the ridiculous sum of $250+ per day for a gazebo with sunbeds inside. Don't be fooled by the poster in the pool lobby which says these start from $25 per half-day. That probably means between the hours of 01.00am and 07.00am in January...Slight niggles aside, we loved Caesars. It is absolutely centre-strip which makes a real difference as you can do a hell of a lot of walking! And go to Jimmy Buffett's MargaritaVille directly across the road, not only for great Margaritas (of course) but they do a fabulous breakfast too!	
Sep 4 2009 	Wonderful Room	Room - Augustus Tower Deluxe Room - stayed 2 nightsCheck in clerk was very nice and when we asked for 2 queen beds instead of 1 king, immediately changed our room – no problems at all. Warned us to be careful about using the mini-bar. Check out was very easy over the phone. Room was very beautiful and impressive. Bathroom was huge, 2 sinks set in a beautiful bureau. Small flat screen television in bathroom, along with a separate toilet room (with phone), Jacuzzi and separate glassed-in shower. Flat screen television in room, huge floor-to-ceiling windows with a view of almost the entire Bellagio fountains! Round table with 3 upholstered chairs, plus a coffee table, couch, and another armchair. Robes and safe in the closet. Beds were very comfortable.	
Sep 4 2009 	augustus tower worth the stay	clean,comfortable beds, great space,great location at front of hotel,they should police smokers a little more (found a girl smoking at the elevator on my floor), towels need a little more fluff,overall good experience	
Sep 2 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We have just returned from a week's stay at Caesars Palace and having read some of the reviews we were expecting the worst.We booked a flight and a room at Caesars with a Teletext company After a brilliant flight with Thomas Cook Premiun, we arrived at the hotel slightly apprehensive.. but ... There were no long queues to check in, and the receptionist was lovely and allocated us a room in the Palace Tower on the 25th floor. After we had dragged our suitcases for what seemed like miles we eventually arrived at our room. It was FANTASTIC, two bathrooms, spa bath, double shower, living area, enormous bed, views over the pool. The whole Caesars experience was fantastic, designer shops, good restaurants, shows, We are not gamblers so cannot comment on the Casino. Check out was also painless, no long queuesWe couldn't find anything to complain about (and we are complainers if we need to be).	
Sep 2 2009 	Caesars scores again.	My wife, son, and I visited Aug 21-24th. Had two rooms in the Palace Tower. Wife, a non-gambler, enjoyed the easy access to the pool and the spa. Rooms were clean and well-maintained. The housekeeping staff was friendly and helpful with our requests for pillows and towels. The only draw back was a request for a frig for my diabetic meds. It was delivered the afternoon of our last day. We enjoyed Payard for their crepes especially the chocolate sauce. Chocolate truffles from the clock were excellent. We had a minor complaint with the Cafe Augustus. We had ordered breakfast...and wound up waiting 1/2 hour. Luckily, we are on vacation and did not complain. The waiter was apologetic and did not charge us for the coffees, which I thought was only right.Been to Caesars 4 times and our only complaints have been minor ones. Would stay their again.	
Sep 2 2009 	worst won ton soup "probably in the world"	Sea Harbour restaurant in caesars palace has to be the worst restaurant that i have ever eaten in anywhere in all the cities ,towns , or countries I've eatin in. My son and I had one order of what was supposed to be wor wonton one order of spring rolls that were ok water and tea. no booze . The bill was over $70.00 bucks . The service was very good but ,the nite before we went to china town and had a meal and wor wonton and a couple beers for $40.00 and it was very good . This place is a black eye to Caesars were we were not staying there but did stay in 2008.	
Sep 1 2009 	Diamond Player is NOTHING if you arent 7Stars at Caesars..poor service	I just returned from a trip to Vegas I average 4 trips a year....I normally stay at Paris/Rio/Ballys where I have never had a problem...I thought I would give Caesars another chance after a bad experience about 3 years ago.....well I made a POOR choice...the only thing I can say was my ROOM was nice....The main problem came when I tried to have a friend wire me some money...on his end Western Union was closed and being Sunday so were the banks...So he found a Moneygram service and sent me extra cash to GAMBLE with..After walking about 2.5 miles to get this I was told the Moneygram service at CVS only dispenses money orders...I thought this wouldnt be a problem to cash at the Casino based on my history with Harrahs....was I WRONG....not only would Caesars NOT CASH it they wouldnt even help me try to solve this problem...I spoke to a Casino Host and she just said &quot;there's nothing we can do...we dont take money orders&quot; WOW....didnt even spend 5 min trying to call anyone to help solve my problem.....so I was in a BAD situation...I went to Paris/Ballys to meet with my Host CHRISTINE MIKHAIL...not only did she spend time helping me she comped a LIMO to take me to cash my money order, along with the LIMO driver DAVE PEGULA....my crisis was solved and I WILL NEVER STAY/PLAY at caesars AGAIN......PARIS/BALLYS this is customer SERVICE.....to a Diamond Player...not 7stars as caesars only cares about.....even at check in/check out if your not 7stars FORGET ABOUT SERVICE.....at CAESARS	
Aug 31 2009 	Not as expected...	We booked a package deal with Southwest Airlines and our room was in the Roman Tower. Boy, this was a plant for an upgrade for sure. Had a musty odor, window was directly in front of a concrete wall, lamps very dusty, carpets dirty and the mattress looked like it had a lump in the middle. When we called the front desk, we were quickly upgraded to a much better room in the Augustus Tower. The TV didn't work and after two calls, it was determined an electrician had to fix it, so we asked for another room and were granted one directly below (5 floors) our room, which was much better. Everything worked and the room was clean. The line is long at the front desk since they have check-in/out combined (unless you're a high limit player). I may stay there again if there was an option to pick the &quot;tower&quot; for an upgrade within a package deal... I don't like being given an undesirable room knowing you would have to upgrade. If this is a 4.5 star rated hotel, then all rooms should be as such or better.	
Aug 30 2009 	Classic room- dont bother	Please let me warn you about the classic rooms. You really need to think wisely before booking this type of room. We booked 4 x classic rooms for my family for 3 nights , and each room was stale,smelly and very old. The bed was very uncomfortable. I have stayed at Harrahs and Flamingo before and they were ok. Really expected a lot more from Caesars. Location is fantastic but I recommend to anyone thinking of staying at Caesars. Either pay a little bit more and go to a deluxe room or prem room. Do not think about a classic room in the roman tower. They are very very old, dark and smelly. Its like the room was closed up for weeks. The cheaper deluxe rooms at the Flamingo or Paris hotel are far better. The pool and shower are the best thing going for this place. Stayed in Venetian through Priceline in March and could have stayed at MGM/NYNY or TI for cheaper this time. Have learnt my lesson.... Even though you dont stay long in your room in Vegas its nice to come back to a nice room. Spoke to the front desk, and they agreed with me that you pay for what you get......	
Aug 30 2009 	Many better hotels in Vegas	We have just got back from a three-night stay at Caesar's Palace staying in one of the recently refurbished rooms in the Forum Tower. Having visited Vegas over 10 times we both agreed that this stay was probably the most disappointing visit we have had. Let's start with the room, refurbished and spacious yet the corridors were dirty and the cleaning trolley was permanently parked outside our room - nice! The room itself had the handle hanging off one of the cupboards, the main light in the bathroom was not working, the fan in the toilet was permanently on (not great for sleeping) and the air conditioning started making a very strange noise after being on for a little time and the only way to stop it was to switch it off, so no air con when sleeping.The location of the hotel is fantastic, right in the middle of everything. Restaurants were all very good (especially the Mesa Grill) although all somewhat expensive compared to our previous trips.Regarding the Total Rewards card and the comps, we were both a little surprised at how little we were comped against our room bill. Having stayed at other casinos in the past this was certainly not our experience,All we can conclude is that Caesar's is trading on it's history and is in a position of strength therefore does not need to take much care nor does it need to do much to attract visitors. We will not be returning again to Caesar's - plenty more choice available elsewhere offering much better value.	
Aug 28 2009 	No Place Better	Completed another trip with a stay at Caesars. Can't say enough about the property. From the desk clerks to just about every employee, nothing but superb service. The Augustus Tower is quiet and roomy, just what you want at the end of the day. The bars are fun with great employees who have been there year after year. The location is the best, especially for first-timers.. You can walk to the 4 corners from the hotel without venturing too far. Bally's and Paris are always fun. Bellagio has a great restaurant in Olives and has Coca-cola products and local newspaper (suits at harrahs ban these on their property). Otherwise, Mesa Grill, Neros Bar, and my favorite Casa Fuente make this the premier Vegas property. The complaints I read about can be easily resolved with the right people at the hotel. I have never had a problem.	
Aug 27 2009 	First Time In Vegas... Caesars Did NOT Disappoint	My husband and I visited Vegas for the first time August 19-21. My sister and brother-in-law joined us and we all had a great stay at Caesars. Many thanks to the reviews suggesting you inquire about the &quot;complimentary upgrades&quot; upon check-in. We reserved and paid for a Classic room and took our chances that we'd be upgraded. I folded up a $20 bill and held it in from of my id while checking in and asked if there were any complimentary upgrades available. I saw the lady glance at it and she said &quot;Let me check.&quot; She was able to find us a suite in the Palace Tower and told me I really didn't have to tip her when I handed her the $20 (of course I did anyway.) She was very nice and professional about it. My brother-in-law planned on doing the same thing when he checked in, but forgot to use the word &quot;complimentary.&quot; Instead, he was offered an upgrade to a 4000 sq. ft. suite (compared to our 2000 sq. ft. suite) in the new Augustus Tower. I think he paid around $160 total, which included 2 nights. They told him it was normally $200+ per night to upgrade, so it sounds like he got a good deal too. We reserved a smoking room and were very pleased with everything. The room was clean, very nicely decorated (see attached pics, I love blue &amp; brown) and stocked with plenty of towels, etc. I did notice the next morning when I woke up that the room smelled like an ashtray, which was weird because it hadn't before. Then after the maid cleaned that day the smell was gone, so they must have a very powerful deoderizer. We were in the Palace Tower, Room 1742 and had a view of the pools, which open at 8:00. We went out right after 8:00 and had no problems with chairs. We only stayed 1 hour so I don't know exactly when it got crowded, but when I looked down around 3:00 or 4:00 I only saw 1 or 2 open chairs and they were not together. We ate breakfast at the buffet and it was great. Some people say there's not a large selection, but I'm not sure what you could want for breakfast that they didn't have... eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits &amp; gravy, muffins &amp; other pastries, french toast, pancakes, cheese, fruit, etc. It was $18.95 if I remember correctly (definitely under $20) and worth it. We booked through Expedia and received a $50 food &amp; beverage credit that could be used at any Caesars restaurant or bar, so our breakfast was &quot;free.&quot; We tried the buffet at Terrible's for lunch and it was good enough. Pretty decent for what it costs - I think only $7 pp. We ate dinner at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak &amp; Stone Crab in the Forum Shops mall and it was really good. Prices you can expect for a nicer Vegas restauraunt (anywhere from $30-$50 per plate plus extra for sides, salads, everything.) All in all, we had a great time in Vegas. Next time I'll want to stay at least one more night. We arrived late Wednesday and had to leave early Friday so we really only had 1 full day. The staff at Caesars were all very friendly and helpful in our experience. I would definitely stay here again if the price were right, but there are other places on the strip I'd want to try out too (Bellagio for one.) Make sure to catch at least one Bellagio fountain show. I think they run every fifteen minutes at night and they're really neat.P.S. I can't speak much for the gambling at Caesars b/c I only played the slots there, and did no good. We (all of us) had good luck on the Blackjack tables at O'Sheas though.	
Aug 27 2009 	Another great experience.	This was our second trip to Ceasars Palace. As with the first trip, we were offered an upgrade and the room was great. All of the staff was friendly and willing to help in any way to make our stay pleasant. Even with pool construction, it was a great experience. Cannot wait to go back and see the finished product. Great location and wonderful hotel.	
Aug 26 2009 	Had a great time at the Casars!	Stayed two nights in August. Dif the 20 dollar trick and got a beautiful room in the Augustus tower! Had a lovely time!	
Aug 26 2009 	Review of the Rain Man suite.	This is strictly a review of the Rain Man Suite at Caesars, where I recently stayed for a bachelor party. This suite was based on the fictional one in the movie &quot;Rain Man&quot;. Per the Las Vegas Sun, the suite in &quot;The Hangover&quot; was also partly based on this room. It's on the 69th floor (top floor) of the Forum Tower. The suite is bi-level, and has up to 4 bedrooms (if you use the connecting neighboring rooms). We used one of the connecting rooms, so we had 3 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.The living room is huge. It has a circular sofa on both sides, and a 52&quot; HDTV in the middle of the room that revolves 360 degrees. There is a great 2-story view of the Strip. There are speakers built into the ceilings and walls on both floors, and you can attach your IPod and blast your music through-out the entire suite. The TV also has access to both DirecTV and Dish Network, and there's also a Blu-Ray player in the room.There is a fancy remote that controls all the lighting (different moods), and the curtains. The suite also has a dining table and kitchen area. The bedrooms on the top level are huge, and have luxurious bathrooms. There are even TVs built into the bathroom mirrors. Because you need to be able to watch SportsCenter while you are shaving.The Suite is just awesome. We got numerous comments from other riders when we hit the 69 button on the elevator. One girl even jokingly accused me of trying to impress her by hitting that button. A few other people asked us for tours. The list rate on the room is $6,400 a night but you can easily get it for much cheaper if you gamble a lot. This room is ideal for a bachelor party, as you can easily fit up to 20 people in the Suite.	
Aug 25 2009 	Wonderful!	If you like hanging by the pool, shopping at pricey shops, and great enterainment. Caesars is for you. The food is good, but expensive...$3.50 for a black tea. $15 for breakfast, even at their food court. I would stay there again but look else where to find food. SPA was amazing!!!!!!	
Aug 20 2009 	Great stay at Caesars!	I stayed at CP with 3 of my girl friends, aged 24-25 from July 2 – July 5, 2009. We booked w/ Sunwing Vacations and paid $650 CAD each.We booked the Classic Room (which is the older tower, and had heard pretty terrible reviews of it, mainly that it was rundown and such) so we were pretty worried. We arrived at the hotel at 10am and left our bags w/ the bell desk. We returned at 1pm to check-in and were offered a free upgrade by the front desk. We got upgraded to a Palace Tower room – which is the tower closest to the pool entrance. We heard from people we met that they were not offered a free upgrade, in some cases even after offering a tip to the front desk. Seems to be hit or miss w/ the front desk, or perhaps it depends on your attitude when you get up there! The room was spacious, beds comfy, flat screen tv. Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, double sinks, separate shower. There was a separate vanity area outside the bathroom as well. Bathrobes are provided in the closet, and extra towels and bathrobes were brought up promptly both times that we called for them during our stay. Maid service was so-so. It appeared that our bathroom floor was not mopped daily. We were not picky about this. The beds were made up nicely and the towels refreshed daily. The complex itself is pretty massive. The walk from the room to the strip was about 10 minutes. In terms of restaurants, we ate at Noodle 9 – it was fairly priced but the food not the greatest. I wouldn’t recommend it. There is a food court between the casino and the Forum Shops – you could get good food for reasonable prices, and not have to go to a sit down restaurant. Highly recommend the burger place as the food is fresh and delicious!The pool at CP is very nice – you need to get out there before 11am in order to get lounge chairs for your group. And even so, this took some effort in moving lounge chairs around so that we could all sit together. By afternoon guests spread out on the deck wherever they can find space! The pool is great b/c it gets sun ALL day, vs other hotels where the sun might be blocked by the hotel during certain times.I probably wouldn’t stay here again, only because there are so many other great hotels along the strip that you could probably get for a similar price – it’s always good to try something new!	
Aug 20 2009 	Caesars Nice 	As with all stays there are Pros and Cons! Be prepared for LONG, LONG check-in lines. There is not enough staff nor self check-in options so you stand in a Disney type loop line for 20-30 mins just to check in.Our last trip was a year ago plus a few months to see Elton John. This time we came to see Bette. We stayed in the Augustus Tower last time and this time they wanted to upgrade us to a one bedroom suite in the Forum Tower. The Forum Tower has been complete redone and is very nice. However, if you are going to use the spa you have to walk through the casino for quite some time to reach it. It is in the Augustus Tower. The last thing you want after a great massage is a 20 min walk through a smokey casino.So book accordingly. Our room had last been inhabited by a bachlorette party and their balloons were still up in the room We found more behind the couch. Strange.Otherwise the room was large, clean and well kept during our stay.Caesars is convenient to the Flamingo, Harrahs, Imperial across the street as well as Ballys, Mirage, Treasure Island and the Bellagio. Nice little walkways and escalators whisk you to these other hotels. We like to eat and gamble at different places so we liked being able to go in a different direction and find new casinos. A number of these casinos are part of the Harrah's network so if you are a Total Rewards customer you get points at all of them.Let talk food: breakfast buffet was cold. Servers were very nice tho. The slice next door is expensive but great for a food court. We had hamburgers one day and pizza another and both were good. The Java Cafe is good for a quick breakfast, but again pricey. Better to go out to Serendipity which had several specials running while we were there including buy one margarita get the second one free. Serendipity is right out the front on the second level outside.The show was great Bette Midler stuff but I was disappointed in the audience. I had seen Bette 33 years ago at Caesars and that audience rocked. We were on the front row and we had four people next to us in shorts who kinda scowled during the whole show. Bette's busting her butt up there. Anyway, she was great and we went backstage afterward which was great fun. Rita Rudner was backstage waiting on Bette. I didn't recognize her as I am not a big comic fan, but my friend did. The gambling is good. Very professional dealers or you can go mechanical! There were booths where you could play 21 with an automated/televised dealer. That was fun. And there is a Rapid Roulette which gets rid of all the shoving at the tables. You have your own roulette table TV screen and about 40 seconds to place a min bet. That was fun too.The slots were tight BUT find the old machines and these pay out better. EVERYONE was playing penny slots. I don't get that. The casino was very very smokey and cocktail waitresses were overworked. They need to put on about 3 more in the evenings.The internet was expensive: $14.99 per day. With as much money as they are raking in downstairs you would think it would be free.Even though this trip was great, I would probably stay somewhere else next time. I am intrigued by the whole Fremont St. experience and the efforts hotels like the Golden Nugget are making to attract customers. So, might try that next time.If you want a great old time Vegas hotel with great amenities, this is the place.	
Aug 19 2009 	WOW......amazing!	We have just got back from 4 nights at Caesars......and I can honestly say that I have not got one bad thing to say about the whole trip! We were upgraded to the palace tower ( did the $20 tip...thanks to all you wonderful trip advisors for telling us!) and had the most amazing room....HUGE and what a bed! and as for the bathroom.....don't get me started on the twin showers and the jet bath...and the 2 toilets!!! WOW!!The view was of the stunning pool area (room 728) and even though we didn't have time to use the pool it looked lovely. Yes they are in the middle of major building works but it didn't bother us (and they work long hours!) Hotel is HUGE but quite easy to work your way around. Casino was good....some lovely staff who were very helpful to us. Won some and also lost some but all in all great fun!Very good location right in the middle of the strip. Would go again tomorrow if I could!!!! Loved it all!!!	
Aug 19 2009 	FABULOUS MARVELOUS AND OUTSTANDING	My husband was there on buisness and I was there to tag along, we stayed in the Augustus Tower and I can not come up with the words to describe the room, the service and Omg the view from our room was breath taking, but I can finally say after many years of vacationing I had the best time of my life there. I have been to vegas many times before but never stayed at Caesars. I will never stay anywhere again but there. Food was expensive but if you gamble enough its all free. LOL	
Aug 17 2009 	Caesars was a great value!	We were unhappy with the view from our room and were upgraded within minutes of complaining. Service from the front desk was prompt. The hotel and casino were clean and in good repair. The catered food and service at all events/meetings/receptions was excellent. Dancing at 'Pure' was awesome! My only complaint would be that the service staff in the casino is obviously older. The 45 yr old waitresses should be wearing uniforms more appropriate for their aging figures! They could also be quicker and friendlier. Other than that, I was very happy with the location, shopping, gambling, food, drink and service that was provided. I was also pleased that the hotel seems to cater to adults. I found the presence of children at other hotels (pools/lobby/shopping) to be a nuisance.	
Aug 16 2009 	Not what it used to be - many better choices for the non-Harrahs junkie	I stayed 3 nights at Caesar’s at the conclusion of a 9-night business/pleasure trip to Vegas in June. The good: Beautiful, large room in the Augustus towerLovely spa and decent gymNext to overpriced forum shops (but a pretty mall)“Diamond” lounge access for semi-big-shot gamblers like I used to beConvenient locationHyakumi all-you-can-eat superb sushi/sashimiThe bad:Long lines unless you are a preferred gamblerRao’s restaurant is average and overpricedLong taxi and valet lines (again, short if you have “diamond” status)Bad odds on the video poker, slot machines, and only average BJ unless you play high limit.If you are given a free room, or somehow can get a good deal and stay in the lovely Augustus tower, this place MAY be worth a visit although there are better choices. As part of the Harrah’s chain lots of folks like to come here and keep their loyalty. But gambling odds are better elsewhere (try the Palms or the Wynn).I had dinner one night at Rao’s. Kind of like Buca di Beppo (a chain) without the super-oversized portions and way overpriced. Service was average. One great thing – all-you-can eat top shelf sushi at lunchtime for $28 or $38 at HyakumiHarrah’s clearly stacks the deck in favor of its frequent gamblers making short lines and free amenities available to them alone. But you have to gamble so much to get this status it will cost you thousands for these benefits.Spa charges $45 for the day (but only $25 for the diamond-card gamblers). All the luxury amenities but the layour somehow just didn’t “feel” right easy to get lost compared to other upscale spas I have been to.I had spent 2 nights at the Wynn/Encore (my favorite) with a friend, and then 5 nights at the Palazzo/Venetian for a conference (huge rooms and nice sportsbar) and I would recommend either over Caesars UNLESS you have the diamond card given to Harrahs big gamblers.Caesar’s used to be the best place in Vegas. Now as an independent tourist I’d choose Wynn/Encore, Palms, or Palazzo/Venetian – none of which part of the big chains. Or I’d go offstrip to the Marriott, RedRock or M resort. The Harrahs properties are for the birds.	
Aug 15 2009 	Overated look for better values in Vegas	First time in Vegas and I will not be going back to Caesars. First of all, the check-in process was horrendously slow--it made the Post Office look like first class service. For such a big hotel, they need more than 3-4 people working the front desk.We booked the &quot;newly renovated&quot; Forum Tower, but when we checked in they gave us a room in the Palace Tower which was supposed to be an &quot;upgrade.&quot; I didn't get to see the room in the Forum Tower, but I have a hard time believing that the Palace Tower was an upgrade--nothing special other than a jetted bathtub.The hallway on the ground floor from the casino to the Palace elevators had a very unpleasant odor. Caesars was a disappointment compared to what I had heard, Caesars was a disappointment and I will probably be staying somewhere else next time I go to Vegas.When I got to Vegas I spent some time going around to other hotels that were about the same price as what I had paid for Caesars--I kinda feel like I got cheated since there are better values for the same amount in Vegas.	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel service and location	Caesars Palace - possibly the best hotel in Vegas.My partner and I have just come back from a week in Vegas. We opted for Caesars Palace based on price and location - nothing more. What we got was probably the best hotel on the strip, in one of the best locations with great service.We secured a free upgrade to the Palace Tower with views over the pool. Not all rooms in the tower had such good views, and some rooms in the Roman Towers weren't quite as nice as ours. The pool was stunning and the constant drinks service meant we could enjoy the 100' heat until lunch. Other hotels such as the Venetian (Phantom / Blue Man) were within walking distance -while places like New York and the Stratosphere were a $15-$20 taxi away.Caesars is huge - it includes the Forum shops - with countless restaurants and fancy shops. The casino is big enough and the machines payed out nicely. Highly recommended.	
Aug 13 2009 	Isn't Caesars Supposed to be the Creme de la Creme?	This was the first time we had ever stayed at Caesars Palace and were truly excited to be staying at one of Las Vegas' most luxurious resorts. We totally set ourselves up for disappointment. First off, there was a hole in the wall. Like some drunken fool had punched it or kicked it. Second, the unit that holds the iron in the wall, almost fell out. Third, every time there was too much white on the TV, the TV would make this buzzing sound and then shut itself off. Fourth, our heater didn't work. I know a heater in the middle of summer? I turn the heater off in the morning during my shower. I like to step out into a warm room. Well after taking our complaint downstairs, we were graciously upgraded to a nicer room. All was well with the new room (there was even a hot tub in it), except for the fact that they didn't even come clean our room! When I got back to my room later that evening (much later that evening) I had to call and ask for fresh towels. I was completely disappointed with Caesars Palace. It's supposed to be the creme de la creme in Vegas and it totally fell short. We will definitely not be staying there again.	
Aug 13 2009 	Average not "super fancy" etc. as told	I´m a little bit confused, how people rate this hotel as &quot;super&quot; or &quot;great&quot;, or other synonyms describing how wondeful this hotel is. Maybe this is because some of the review makers have been only in few hotels and has not been travelling too much - or maybe the hotel rooms are all very different from each other, these are the only reasons I can think of.For my opinion, this hotel is a little worn out, and has certainly seen it´s best days. The public areas, as the lobby and the casino, have had their shining star times long ago. The carpets look old, and the service in front desk is poor.When we arrived the hotel (late at night) with our friends, we were asking to be located to the same floor (we both couples had forum tower de luxe rooms), but this could not be arrenged. Ok, I understand that in a big hotel full of guests this can be hard. But the thing really surprised me was that the clerk at the front desk gave us our keys and guided us to our rooms through the longest way - through the whole casino. He propably thought that we would be more anxious to come back down stairs to play in the casino, than if he would guided us to go via the shortest way to our rooms. I just found this irritating.By the way, no chance having the bell boy taking your luggage to your room- you have to do it your self...at least if you don´t have to change the rooms you were just given...then you can get the bell boy carry your suitcases, at least this was our experience.When we got to our room, I first discovered dirty towels on the floor. As I walked through the room, there were two dirty wine glasses and an empty bottle of wine, and other trash lying on floor, on the bed and on the table. Also the bed was obviously used. Disgusting.I called the front desk immediately to have an other room. And I had to call there 4 times before anything happened. We were waiting with our lugagge in the dirty room for 35 minutes before somebody came. With a long way back to the reception and with 3 big suitcases in the middle of the night, that was really the only option - to wait. After several hours travelling in the middle of the night, it didn´t feel nice at all. Well, the bell boy finally came, with new keys to our new room - in to a new floor again. He was terribly sorry, and really nice. He was shocked how we were given this dirty room, and said that this wasn´t the only time this sort of thing had happened. When we got to the new room, he checked it first, and let us in after looking that everything was OK in the room. He was really nice, and the only person that apologised for the inconvenience.The next day I went to the front desk to say that I found last night waiting and poor service from the front desk terrible, and were given free of charge for 30 dollars of the drinks from the minibar. OK, that´s fair enough, I thought.Well, that would been just too easy - as we cheked out later on, again an other clerk at the reception accused us to have been taken some nuts from the minibar, which I told was impossible, as myself and my spouse are terribly allergic to nuts! And yes, we had noticed that when you move or touch the minibar goods, they go wright away to your check, so we didn´t even touch anything else than the drinks that we were having (and the nuts were in a different place, not even in the fridge!)- free of charge up to the 30 dollars given. Well, finally they believed us, and said it´s OK. For me, this was just another experience of the poor service in this hotel.Our friends room was otherwise OK, except the smelling of cigarettes &amp; tobaccos in their room.They have Forum Shops mall area in the hotel, which was nice and convenient. Also a lot of restaurants to choose from. Casino was average. The hotel is very good situated.We went elsewhere for breakfast, as having heard some bad reviews of the hotels own breakfast buffet, so we didn´t try that at all - so can´t comment on that one.Las Vegas was nice, and we might go back some day, but definitely to an other hotel. This is not a 5 star hotel. I would give it 3 stars, average. Some improvement to the service and the public areas, and some promptness to service, and this hotel could be much better.	
Aug 12 2009	Did not like the big bait and switch!	I made my reservation through Expedia and requested a room in the Palace Tower with 2 beds because I was meeting friends and was going to be sharing the room with a friend, not family. When my friend and I arrived at the hotel around 7:30pm and tried to check-in, we were told that we would be given a room with a king bed and a roll away. I said that my reservation was supposed to be for 2 queen beds, but since we were checking in at 7:30pm we were told that the king and roll away qualified as 2 beds! I slept in the roll away and gave my friend the king. We were able to move to a new room the next day that had 2 queens but what a hassle. My advice would be not to stay at Caesar's if you will arrive late and are looking for 2 queen beds. I did not feel that 7:30pm was that late but apparently it was for this hotel. One friend wanted to use the fitness center but was told that there was a $25 fee per day to use it!Also our room had a in room safe that did not work and the handle of the shower door was broken. With all these problems I do not believe that paying over $250 a night was justified.	
Aug 12 2009 	Amazing!!!	Caesars Palace was the most fabulous Hotel i've ever had the pleasure of staying in! It was my first time in Vegas and it definately won't be the last! Cannot fault a single thing about the hotel, staff, facilites or anything! Rooms were huge, very clean and had a maid service daily. I will be returning to Caesars! I love it!!! All i would say is that if your not going to have anything out of the mini bar, don't even touch or lift anything off the counter as it'll get charged to your card. We were told this on check in too.	
Aug 12 2009 	This is the Room they don't show.	Went with Caesars based on the generic photo of the rooms they offer on various websites. These rooms are available but at a $30 per night premium. The basic room is pretty basic with a refreshening badly needed. Our room was located way up on the third floor with a beautiful view of the casino air conditioning unit. The room is well used but clean and the housekeeping was good each day. The bathroom is large but the king rooms have no doors. If you need a door on the bath, get the double room. Bedside lamp and floor lamps had short circuits and came on and off at will (our own private light show!). It was more funny than irritating but not really expected of a 4 star hotel. TV is old style with &quot;Closed Captioning&quot; that can't be turned off, irritating. At check-in we were presented a coupon book full of coupons that had expired the previous month. We were told by by the clerk (Joannie) that sometimes expired coupons would be honored so just ask......hmmmmm. None of the coupons were for Caesars but for other hotels. Food was very expensive and of not the highest quality. The Bellagio hotel across the street from Caesars had nicer food at lower prices. Caesars breakfast buffet was $18, go across the street to Bellagio and found a better buffet for $14. The same can be said for the Paris buffet on the opposite corner.Forum shops were wonderful and vast and make staying at Caesars a must for shoppers.	
Aug 12 2009 	service disgracefull	The staff at the front desk were extremely rude &amp; didnt care about helping me despite the fact that i was staying there for a week much longer than the average person &amp; that i was an overseas visitor who comes to Vegas every few months for a couple of weeks I now tell all my friends to avoid Ceasars	
Aug 11 2009 	Awesome experience!	My husband and I travel to Las Vegas 2-3 times a year and this is the first time we chose to stay at Caesar's Palace. Caesar's is a 5-star hotel/casino which has been around longer than others but has never lost it's class. We stayed in the Forum Tower and the location was perfect. We were close to the casino action, forum shops and restaurants. Our room overlooked the strip but was very quiet and secluded. The decor was contemporary and the room was spotless. Housekeeping never failed to clean our room promptly and always left extra amenities, towels, etc. The casino has a good layout and plenty of slots and table games. The cocktail waitresses are excellent when you're at the table games but can be spotty when you're at the slots. The mimosas and mojitas are excellent! The table games have higher limits during the weekends but we wandered directly across the street to O'Sheas where they have low table limits and they honor the &quot;Total Rewards&quot; players cards. The restaurants can be a bit pricey but the food is A-plus with large portions. Overall we had a great experience and will definately stay at Caesar's Palace in the future.	
Aug 11 2009 	Venus Pool Party - Too Good!	Went to the Venus Pool Party at Caesars Palace on Sunday... was so great. It was off to the side of the regular pool, no kids of course, and full of beautiful people. They only let enough people in to fill the lounge chairs and VIP beds/cabanas...drinks flowing, tonnes of waitresses (all good looking btw). There was a good DJ playing top 40 hip hop and some pop. They have bottle service at the beds. This was one of the best Sunday parties I've ever been too... can't wait to go back!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Will Return!	My husband and I just returned from a long weekend at Caesar's Palace, we enjoyed everything, no waiting to check in, Joanie checked us in and could not have been more helpful. Room was in the Augustus Tower and no complaints, room was large and clean (could use a coffee pot) and looked just like the pictures I had seen on internet. Restaurants are pricey, but had to remind hubby that we don't do this very often, so enjoy it! Will definately be back.	
Aug 9 2009 	Had a wonderful time	This hotel is alway growing. We love how the timeless Ceasars brings us back year after year. We stayed in the Augusts Tower room 3068 great view of the Bellagio water show and Paris. The large Jacuzzi was relaxing, i went to Bath and Bodyworks in the Forum shops got some bubble bath and candle. Next moring My husband was up early and took a jaccuzi bath, he was in a great mood all day. Breakfast at Paris Yuk food was cold. Breakfast at the Bellagio wonderful. Breakfast here at Ceasars was wonderful. Do Not I repeat Do not miss Jersey Boys, It was fantastic. The only complaint I have with ceasars... construction still going on and if you are at the pool closest to the work cover your eyes, plaster and foam will get in your eyes. Once they finish it will be spectacular	
Aug 8 2009	Wife Loved It; I Was Overwhelmed; Look Out for the Rooms with NO Bathroom Doors!	I've stayed at a lot of Las Vegas hotels in recent years, making it a point to always break up a stay in Sin City with multiple nights at different hotels.Caesar's is an expensive, big, glitzy Vegas hotel. If you want to be in the middle of the Strip, this is your hotel. If you're coming to Vegas for a convention, Cher or a specific event at Caesar's then by all means stay here. Pool is definitely a scene filled with plenty of young hotties, male and female.The architecture is as Vegas as it gets. People everywhere are shooting pictures. The shops are legendary, the restaurants are top notch and priced accordingly.Even if you don't stay at this hotel, you'll have to vist the shops and casino during your visit to Vegas. It's definitely a desination.We had a weird thing happen. We were initially assigned to a bedroom in the Roman tower that had NO bathroom door. Not because it was taken off the hinges, but because that was the way it was designed. Now I suppose if you're getting a king room you're probably going to be pretty intimate with your bedmate. But call me quaint. I like MY privacy in the bathroom and I know my wife well enough to know that she likes HER privacy in the bathroom too. We asked to be moved to a different room and they accomodated us to a room on the same floor with a bathroom door. Might be worth asking before you check in if this is important to you or if you're staying with someone you're not that close too.We paid about $130 a night, a rate that included a $50 dining credit in the hotel restaurants.I'm not going to choose to stay here again based on the sheer size of the place. Way, way too overwhelming for me. But again, I had absolutely no complaints other than tight slots and I stress my wife really liked the place.One big tip. You can access the parking garage from Frank Sinatra Way which runs parallel to the Las Vegas Strip. It's a huge timesaver coming in or out of the hotel.Enjoy your stay... and just ask about the bathroom door thing!	
Aug 7 2009 	loved it	We moved to caesars after a couple of awful nights at Excalibur. The check in clerk upgraded us to a mini suite in the Augustus tower when he learned of our bad experience down the street. Our room was fantastic, it even overlooked the Bellagio fountains. We coudn't have asked for more. Ok there was some construction going on around the pool area, but the disruption was minimal. We loved the forum shops and the restaurants. We would definately stay at caesars again when in Vegas.	
Aug 5 2009 	AWESOME EXPERIENCE	My spouse and I stayed at Caesar's Palace in July and had a fantastic experience from start to finish. We recieved a complimentary upgrade to the Augustus Tower. The room was immaculate and had an amazing view of the Bellagio Fountains and the strip towards Paris. The room came complete with a Jacuzzi tub, minibar and bathrobes. The service we recieved from every staff member at Caesars should be applauded from the front desk clerk (Karla) to the maid to the restauants to the dealers, we had no complaints. We ate at Mesa Grill(great job Brian), Augustus Cafe and Joe's in the Forum Shops. Meals were excellent as was the service in all cases. We typically stay at the Venetian but would have to say that Caesar's is our new home in Vegas.	
Aug 4 2009 	Avoid Roman Tower	If you like me think Vegas is about enjoying a bit of luxury then avoid the Caesar's Roman Tower. I was totally underwhelmed. You get a better room at the average Hilton by the interstate! The hallways in the tower smelled. The bed wasn't the fancy pillowtop cushy mattress I usually find in a nice hotel, nor were the linens any nicer than what I have at home. The bathroom wasn't terribly nice. No fridge, coffeemaker or microwave. Put it like this: this room didn't make we want to hang out in it, which is my test of how nice a room is. As for the Caesar's Pool: I believe half of it is closed for construction because it seemed smaller than what I saw in pictures. They also blast music and you can hear some of the club music from the Venus pool so if you want a place to relax, forget it. Maybe they have the volume turned up to drown out the construction and the interstate that runs right behind the pool. Anyway, I went out there looking to relax and left after about an hour. If your room faces the pool (like mine at the 13th floor) you can hear the dim &quot;thump, thump&quot; from the pool music all day!Casino: I'm not a gambler but it was kinda smoky (I'm sure there's places worse and better on that mark) and it annoyed me that the layout of the ground floor had me dodging friggin slots anywhere I had to go. Bellagio and Wynn are nicely laid out where you don't have to walk through slots and tables if you don't want to. There also seemed to be a lot of kids in the place, which seems absurd to me. The Las Vegas strip is not for kids!	
Aug 4 2009 	As good as they say	Great Hotel, specially the location. so big, you can even get lost. Good casino, Room very clean and awesome view (if you stay in the Augustus Tower). Pool is good but not enough chairs.	
Aug 2 2009 	Classic Las Vegas	ROOM 1454: Jacuzzi in bedroom. Mirrored ceiling over king-size bed! Transparent doors to washroom and separate toilet and shower. No fridge or coffee/tea facilities. No access to balcony. Toiletries aplenty. HOTEL: Pool with fountains (cold) and lots of sunbeds (no shade) and free towels. Pool at top (warm) with option for luxury double sunbeds. Buffet breakfast available before 11am with various choices (no soya milk). AREA: Excellent central location within the Strip. Next to Bellagio which have superb fountain displays. Venetian Hotel is worth visiting, as well as the Luxor and the top of the Eiffel Tower have excellent views. MGM have lions behind glass which have luxurious surroundings. David Copperfield is an awesome entertainment. Mirage offers a Cirque de Soleil show 'O' which is breathtaking. TOURS: Fremont Street is great, busy night life with vibrant ceiling light shows. Helicopter trip to the Grand Canyon is a memorable trip where Sundance Tours lands in a beautiful spot to take photographs and have a champagne picnic lunch and 'Fred' the pilot gives great commentary and music. A HOTEL YOU MUST EXPERIENCE.	
Jul 31 2009 	Wonderful hotel met all out expectations!!	Fabulous hotel, superb rooms (we had the Augustus tower) great service, lovely pool.We also saw some great shows and met some lovely people too.Vegas is a crazy place to visit and you may need a holiday to recover but you have to go at some point in your life as its totally unique.	
Jul 30 2009 	Very poor service for what is supposed to be class hotel	Arrived at 5 p.m. and told room wasn't ready. Back at 7, 8 and 9 p.m.and not ready and no explanation. After four hour flight to get there, I was getting quite antsy. Desk clerk didn't seem to care or be particularly concerned. Finally went to the floor where the room was and found the lone maid who was still cleaning rooms at 9 p.m. She was at least an hour away from our room but immediately cleaned it when I explained the situation. Perhaps the maids should run the hotel. They seemed to be the only ones who cared. Finally got in and went to bed only to be awakened at 4 a.m. by two drunks screaming and swearing at each other down the hall...Never will stay here again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great location but very expensive for what you get...	Spent 3 nights at CP this trip. LOVED our room. We were upgraded to a petite suite in the Palace tower. Room was gorgeous. His &amp; her bathrooms, shower for two, jacuzzi tub... but NO coffee maker. My girl loves her coffee in the morning so this was a big inconvenience each morning.We enjoyed our first stay at CP but we won't go out of our way to stay there again. It takes forever to get around there or to get from your room to the strip. Check in was pretty quick and the staff there were very friendly. My room was comped but I don't think I would stay there again if I had to pay. We have stayed at just about all the Harrah's properties and while CP is beautiful, we enjoy ourselves just as much, if not more, at their other properties. The pool area is still under construction but we did enjoy our time spent by the pools. We stayed by the main pool most of the time and enjoyed it. We did not order any drinks due to the high prices and chose to drink just before or after going to the pool.We did not eat once at CP as they were so much more expensive than neighboring casinos and the reviews have not shown me that they are justified charging those higher prices. our Friends ate at Ogdens and spent about $400 on dinner. They said it was really good but not sure if they would ever do it again. Did not have any luck in the CP casino. So ventured off and hit just about every hotel on the strip the first two nights. We wound up hitting Slots of Fun two nights in a row. It was so much fun to be able to play with actual quarters or dollars on the slot machines so we hit there twice. There is something about that place that is fun. Circus Circus apparently took over ownership of Slots of fun on July 1st so I hope they keep things the same. It is nice to see that on the strip amongst all the giants that are there.We also ventured downtown for a day and had much more luck playing down town. Was disappointed to see the downtown mall is closed up. Looks like it had just closed in June as there were posters for the movie theatre of movies that came out this past June. I saw Dodge Ball there for the 1st time a few years ago with my kids on a past trip so I was bummed to see that it closed.After spending some time at the Golden Nugget, I think we may stay there next trip. Some times I really enjoy spending time downtown and they have the best pool area so that is next on my list.I can't wait to go back to Las Vegas!!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Rooms in oldest sections a little "tired" and only "some" staff are responsive to your complaints	We got a room for a week in one of the older (cheapest) sections and you can tell the rooms are dated. Our one sink in the bathroom did not drain very well, but we put up with that for the first day. However, by day #2, we noticed that if you tried to shower at an &quot;off time&quot; like at 2PM (or any time later than the &quot;usual&quot; morning shower time) the water NEVER got beyond &quot;luke warm&quot;! When we called down to the desk to complain, we felt the desk person &quot;blew us off&quot;. The person on the phone acted as though he really did not care, told us they would send someone up to &quot;check it out&quot; (they never did) and it was no better the 3rd. day! After another day of lukewarm water for a shower during an &quot;off time&quot;, we stopped down stairs at the desk on our way out for the day and complained to a woman behind the desk. She was really very nice and responsive and told us that because they felt bad that out first 3 days were less than what we should have experienced in Ceasars Palace, they would upgrade us for no extra charge to another room in another tower. They even moved our luggage from the old room to the new room while we were out for the day. The new room in a new tower was very obviously an upgrade and we were very pleased at how this woman had handled it. Perhaps the man we spoke with the day before on the phone was not as responsive or perhaps the lesson is to walk down to the desk and speak directly to someone!! Anyway, the rest of the visit in this hotel was very good. If you can avoid staying in the older (cheapest) rooms, I would advise that. But, because of how well that one woman at the desk handled our complaint, I would still advise staying here since the location is just great.	
Jul 27 2009 	Thank god for the complimentary upgrade.	Stayed at Caesar's for a three-day meeting, and the rate couldn't be beat. After checking into my room on the 15th floor, I found out why. It was dirty, nasty, and the cleaning staff had obviously lacked attention to detail (see pictures of the holes in the wall, cracked tissue box, missing light bulb, and the tellingly-stained desk chair). The deadbolt on the door didn't work, either.At first I thought I could stand it. Then I waited for two hours to get a new lightbulb and the lock fixed. But I couldn't take my eyes off that gross chair. I went down to the front desk armed with my pictures, and they upgraded me to a gorgeous suite. Thank god.	
Jul 27 2009 	Amazing Hotel	I'm not sure why there are even any negative reviews at all... I'd like to say that I absolutely one hundred and 10 percent loved our hotel and our room. First of all, the location is PRIME, it is on the mid - strip location, right next to the Bellagio and VERY close to Paris and Planet Hollywood, and on the other side, the Mirage... I think the location itself is ideal, as most other hotels lie south or north of the strip and can be a good walk to get to. I personally enjoyed Caesars decor and just the hotel itself better than the inside of the Bellagio and certain other ones, you tend to find that most look alike inside (casino areas, etc). We were fortunate enough to get upgraded to the Palace Tower, even though I had booked a Forum Tower, and I didn't even have to ask, she just implied that we had booked the Palace Tower (which is one of the newest towers). We arrived fairly late, at about 11:30 so there virtually was no line to check-in (during the day the line is pretty long... this is a big hotel, so it's expected).Furthermore, the room was amazing. Big king sized bed, the views of the pool (Palace Tower is right next to the pools) and the bathroom had a nice big sized jetted tub in it as well. Also, there is construction going on in the pool area, however, much to many complaints I have seen, I didn't think the construction bothered us at all, they play music and it kind of surpasses the construction noise, I thought. Also, it does get pretty full, we went right when they opened at 8:30 (it's GREAT at this time because you get to pick where to sit, ample options, and the heat isn't unbearable). The pool area was by far my favorite of the hotel, very classy and nice. Also, we had breakfast at Augustus' Cafe (about 36 total for 2 people) and it was probably the best breakfast I've ever had! (No joke)Taxis to and from the airport to this location on the strip are about $12-15, so not bad at all. All in all, this hotel far exceeded my expectations, and you'll LOVE it!!! ENJOY!	
Jul 25 2009 	Love it	We loved the room,.and we got a great deal. There was a nice jacuzzi in the room - love it.Staff were friendly, buffet was nice. Great swimming pool, but was crowded because it was summer.	
Jul 25 2009 	stayed for a great rate	surprised at reasonable rate, went to restaurants and shops, saw rest of strip hotels.lv was better than we thought it might be.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice clean friendly staff the place to stay on the strip	Booked for $130 a night mid-week. Got an upgrade by asking Justin at the front desk, got a nice suite a little larger overlooking the pool/26th floor. Rooms are beautiful, nice beds, lots of pillows, lots of towels in the bathroom, huge shower, jacuzzi tub. maybe a 32&quot; lcd tv minimal programming.Nice restaurants, lots of affordable shops, casino is classy. Spotless everywhere.The Pure Club goes off 7 nights a week, mostly hip-hop rap with some rock thrown in, mostly a 20's club. The pussycat gambling area has nice staff and is located next to the club and poker room.I just can't say enough nice things about this hotel, valet parking was reasonable retrieve.Now the cons: yes they are doing renovations on the west side of the pool. Minimal noise and intrusion, if this bothers you ask for a room facing the strip or north or south.Pools are nice, the lap pool is warmer, get there early to snake some lounge chairs, or reserve a monster poolside bed or cabana.EZ walk to NY, bellagio, mgm, planet hollywood-from there take the e-train to luxor/mandalay which is the south strip.I did not get a chance to eat at buffets, however as always SOuth Point is the best priced on the strip for large groups or families that can drive 5 minutes.	
Jul 22 2009 	AWESOME ROOM - BRING LOTS OF MONEY FOR FOOD!!!	My husband, daughter (12 yrs. old) and I arrived at McCarran from Newark around 11:30 am - bumpy flight. We were picked up by Presidential Limo (stretch). Very nice! Stopped at liquor store on way for supplies.Room: 5 Nights Comped at Forum Tower Deluxe (thanks to my Atlantic City Harrah's Play).Upon arrival at Caesar's, there had to be about 50 people in the check-in line....so the wait began. Finally, I &quot;tipped&quot; the check-in clerk $25 to get an upgrade from our Forum Tower Deluxe room to an Augustus Tower Deluxe Room (we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains! Room 3782).We had a refrigerator brought up (free of charge) and unpacked. Walked around hotel a bit....ate some lunch at Augustus Cafe and had a very nice lunch (expensive, though).Gambling Highlights: Played mostly 3-card poker, VP, and Blackjack. Went up and down on the table games, although I did get three &quot;6's&quot; - the sign of the beast, which paid 30 to 1 on my $25 bet. Not too bad, but I ended up giving it back eventually. VP machines at Caesars were scarce, so I played at the VP Bar by the Sportsbook. They sure know how to pour drinks over there....I don't remember getting back to the room that night....and YES I LOST AGAIN!I did have fun and met some nice people. My husband played in a few poker tourneys, didn't win either. We have a curse with Harrah's properties, as we never win at any of them (even in Atlantic City). We are good with Boyd/MGM though. Went to Bellagio and won $250 within 5 minutes on a $.25 slot! Go figure!Food: Went to Bellagio Buffet. Had to have the giant Alaskan King Crab Legs and the Prime Rib. Excellent! We all got our money's worth that night for sure!Caesar's Food Court: Beware! Food isn't bad, but God forbid you want a slice of pepperoni pizza, you'll pay $6.50 for it! Or how about $4 for one bagel?Rao's: Inside Caesar's. Very nice meal - excellent food. It should be for $160.00 (without liquor)!Otherwise, ate at Caesar's Cafe Lago Buffet for breakfast only. I heard it sucked and it sure did. Awful - stay away. The eggs were runny, no selection, too expensive, etc.Mostly went to the Payard Pattisere coffee shop for breakfast sandwich/coffee. Ate at BLT Burger at Mirage one night - very good food and reasonably priced!Went to Joe's Prime Steak and Stone Crab on our last night (Fri.) for our 15th anniversary. Excellent steak and crab! Yes, you sure do pay for it, but the food/service is excellent. I think I saw a few celebrities there as well!POOL: The pool at Caesar's is still under construction. You don't hear the noise too much, as they play loud music. 2 main pools are open, but we pretty much stayed by the round main one. No, there was no styrofoam or dust or dirt from the construction in the pool at all. Get there before 9:00 for decent seats. It opens at 8:00 a.m.Tip: Don't order a beer at the pool - it's $8 for one, or $18 for a frozen drink. Ouch! We learned early and brought water most of the time.Fun: I had to take my daughter to the NY/NY Rollercoaster or I would never hear the end of it. $28 later, we rode it (I shut my eyes the whole time - I don't like heights!). We went to their arcade, Rainforest Cafe for lunch at MGM Grand.I took my daughter across street to Flamingo Wildlife Habitat - Nice birds, turtles, Koi fish! Went shopping.Went to the Dirk Arthur Extreme Magic Show at Tropicana - very nice magic show with Lions. Good value at $30, as well! QUA SPA: I had my husband booked for a massage for his early birthday present. They run a $99 special Sun - Wed. with full use of the spa/gym all day and a massage. He enjoyed it up until the end when he slipped and fell in the steam room. He hurt his back. They did fill out accident report, but that's about it. No follow up calls to see how he was doing or anything. I did enjoy the spa baths and steamrooms (especially the artic ice room), however.Thus, with my husband layed up with a hurt back, we couldn't go see Love as we had wanted to. Next time for sure. He's feeling much better now!So, that pretty much sums it up! Much drinking, gambling with little wins, a couple of nice restaurants, alot of pool time, and the token arcade/magic show for the little one. We all had a good time and Caesar's took an extra $150 off the final bill in comps~!	
Jul 22 2009 	STILL AMAZING	Its location still makes this the best hotel in vegas.And dont be put off by the renovations ,this is still the BEST pool in VEGAS.	
Jul 22 2009 	Stay only for the location	Caesar's is an ok place to stay, but I certainly wasn't blown away by anything there. I've had better service other places. We were given an upgraded room, but had to switch rooms and were downgraded again. We were there for a conference and I think its hard to go to Vegas for a conference, because you have to be up at 6 am to attend. We ended up having to switch rooms because we were on a nonsmoking floor and there was a HUGE party of young men in the room across the hallway smoking like chimney's in their room and Security wouldn't do anything about it. They were also in and out ALLLLL NIGHT LONG. Which is to be expected in Vegas so we couldn't really hold it against them for having a good time. But, we could not sleep with the smoke and noise and had to ask to be moved. EVERYTHING is a ripoff at Caesar's. If you stay, make sure you have deep pockets. I need not bore you with the details. Rooms were VERY CLEAN. We stayed in the forum tower. Housekeeping was good/friendly. The elevators are nice and quick...never had to wait. The location is one of the best on the strip, but I think I would try another hotel in the same area next time. I don't think it is worth the price because who wants to be in their room in vegas anyway?Pool construction is still going on, but there are a couple of pools open.	
Jul 21 2009 	great place	Fantastic hotel. Brilliant location for exploring the strip. So many amenities with great shopping and eating at the Forum Shops.	
Jul 20 2009 	Fantastic Visit	We always stay across the street at Harrah's and thought we'd try Caesar's this time. I was comped 3 nights stay and given a room in Classic Tower. After reading poor reviews on the Classic rooms I asked for an upgrade. We were given a beautiful room on the 68th (of 69 ) floor with a strip view. We had a few meals at the Cafe Lafo Buffet; not too many choices for the price. Overall great trip! Treated very well.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nothing Special!	Stayed at Caesar's Palace for three nights. The only reason I stayed at Caesar's was because we got a fantastic deal. Enjoyed my stay, however I would likely not stay here again unless it was super cheap. Here are the pros &amp; cons in my opinion:Pros:- Spacious Room- Jacuzzi Tub in Room- Clean- Overall, great customer service.- Toileteries replaced everydayCons:- Long line-ups upon check-in- Pool under construction, you can't relax by the poolside due to the jackhammers!- Takes forever to exit the casino/hotel because the towers are far away from the entrance/exit- No mini bar/fridge in room- Late checkout only 1 hour later- Noisy AC unitOverall, I enjoyed my stay. It served it's purpose to sleep and shower while we were in Vegas. However, I prefer smaller sized hotel where you don't need to walk 10 mins just to get outside.	
Jul 16 2009 	Relaxation Heaven	I have been coming to Vegas several times a year for over eight years and I stayed at Caesar's for the first time on this trip. I was able to register early and after I asked the desk clerk upgraded me to a beautiful room in the Augustus Tower with a view of the Bellagio Fountains. If you can manage a room in this fairly new tower DO IT. The jetted tub was sensational, the bed heavenly and room service was prompt and pretty reasonable. There is a 5.00 service fee and an automatic 18% gratuity so it may not be for everyone, but I was traveling alone and so it was fine. The Cafe Lago breakfast buffet is good but limited. The coffee was great though. The best part of the whole trip was Qua Baths. There is a 45.00 entry fee per day, but it entitles you to the use of the workout facility and the incredible spa for the whole day. If you use a spa service (Salon services like pedicures do not count) use of the facilities is included. I had a massage - ask for Kira M., she was really terrific. All in all it was a wonderful visit and I will be making Caesars Palace my new destination in Vegas.	
Jul 15 2009 	All hail Caesar!	Our experience at Caesars Palace probably made this the best Vegas Vacation we have taken.Location – Best location on the strip, about midway up. Next to Bellagio, across the street from the Flamingo, which means the Venetian or MGM is only a 10 minute walk away. Even if you don’t like the casino at Caesars, you are very close to a range of others. And if shows are your thing, there is a half price tix booth right across the street at Bills. Check-in – We checked in at 1:15am (thanks crazy reduced airline schedules!), but this seemed to work to our advantage; the line was non-existent (just one person in front of us), and we got a free upgrade! The staff member was on the computer for 5 minutes or so with the occasional apology for the delay, but then declared that the rooms weren’t coming up so he upgraded us! We booked the Classic Room, but got an Augustus Tower room (needless to say, this review might have been different if we had got the room we paid for!). Staff member at reception was very polite and helpful despite the late hour. Worth noting that when we passed reception at other times, lines were huge, so if you are arriving at an earlier hour, bring a book. Room – Augustus Tower Rooms are marvelous! The décor is modern, with just enough hints of the Roman theme to fit without being tacky. The view was of the strip and the mountains, if you looked to the side of the window – otherwise straight ahead was just the roofs of the casino buildings (they should really think about putting solar panels on them – such a waste of space!). The bed was very comfortable, room was clean. Nice sofa and armchairs, so when relaxing one doesn’t have to sit on the bed like a teenager in his room. Closet had a safe, robes and slippers. The bathroom had twin sinks (always a wife-pleaser), a separate small room for the toilet, a TV and separate bath and shower, with the bath being a whirlpool bath! After reading reviews on this site I didn’t even touch the mini-bar fridge for fear of false billing. TV had a nice selection of channels, and was a new LCD. Restaurants – Every time we went past most of the restaurants, there was a line, so we ate elsewhere. Amenities – Casino is a nice size, but didn’t have a lot of Video Poker (our game of choice) so we ended up not gambling here at all. Have gambled here in the past, but there is just something that doesn’t make it appealing. Didn’t use the pools, so no comment on them. We did however use the Qua Spa, and I have to say it is phenomenal! You can use the gym for $25, or the whole facility for $45 – I recommend the $45 day pass! I was shown the facilities and given a locker, as well as robe and slippers, then set off for the gym. The gym is very well equipped and compares favorably to some private gyms, let alone the usual sad excuse for a hotel gym. Post workout, your options are incredible – plan to spend a whole afternoon here! Sauna, steam room (so steamy I couldn’t see anything beyond 2 feet), steam room with eucalyptus, and a cold room, with moisturizing snow! There is a hot tub, as well as roman mineral baths, of different temperatures. Showers have body wash, shampoo and conditioner in them as standard. Once done, you can shave in the well lit bathroom (shaving gel and razors provided), then relax in the tea room, which has a large TV showing ESPN, magazines for men, a range of five different fancy teas, as well as snacks, fruit and choices of water or juices. At no point did I feel pressured to leave or hurry up. If the rest of your vacation involves late nights, drinking and over-indulging this is the perfect recovery for you. The only time I got a bit miffed was with the staff at the gift shops, who really didn't seem interested in serving someone who only wanted to buy a postcard, to the point where I just walked out the first one after waiting a ridiculous amount of time. Checkout – I checked the bill online through the hotel TV, and there was almost no wait at reception to get a copy of the bill and hand the keys in. Bill was correct, staff very friendly. Overall, the best experience at a hotel in Vegas so far. If you are one of those picky people that want fresh soap every day, and new towels and your slightest whim at a moment’s notice, then you may be disappointed. As someone that just wants a nice clean room, working amenities and a correct bill, I was very happy.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Place to Stay!!!	Three friends and I traveled to Vegas because one of us was attending a conference. The rest of us piggy backed on his room. At check in we were offered an upgrade but due to using &quot;company&quot; funds he declined. Once we arrived in the &quot;Romar Tower&quot; room we promptly exited and went back for the upgrade. There's a reason there are no pictures of this room on Ceasar's website. It looked like a Motel 6 room. Once back at the check in desk we asked for the before mentioned upgrade. The clerk had already assigned that room so she gave us an even bigger room in the &quot;Augustus Tower&quot;, for the same price as the smaller room. Lets just say we made a good decision. The room was clean, well furnished, great view, and we all slept well with no outside noise heard. As with most rooms in vegas, there was no coffee maker, no fridge, etc. Stay away from the food and drink bar. If you lift an item out of it's place, a sensor is alerted and you will be charged. We had to get creative when icing down our beer. The beds were very comfortable and AC worked very good. WiFi in the room is $15.00 a day.The restaurants at Ceasar's are very expensive, $77.00 ribeye is a bit much. We only ate at Ceasar's for breakfast, in the food court. Average price for a 3 egg omelet, 4 pieces of toast, potatoes, and large coffee was $14.00. A little high but we couldn't eat all we were served. We did have a late night bacon cheesburger combo one night, same food court, $15.00, and it too was huge. Very good food as well. I utilized the workout facilities for the three of the four days while there. It's normally $25.00 a day but they had a 3 days for $50.00 deal which was o.k. The gym was clean and the equipment was new but it lacked somewhat in space. It has a very small area for the hand weights and free weights. Other than that I was able to get a good workout in.If you plan on getting some sun by the pool, plan on getting down there before 1000 a.m. If you don't, you'll find yourself walking in circles waiting on a chair to open. Even though it was crowded the chairs are only 3 rows deep in most areas so it wasn't too bad. Drinks at the pool are around $12.00 for 12 ounce and $19.00 for 16 ounce. Some kids but not alot. That&quot;s important to me as I don't want to listen to a bunch screaming and crying while lounging. Spoke to a security guard who told us that two additional pools are supposed to open in Aug. 09 but they may be running a bit behind. That would bring the total to 5 pools. The slots paid pretty well at Ceasar's. Three out of four of us took extra cash home from the slots. Can't speak for the blackjack tables or poker.All in all the hotel is very clean and well maintained. No complaints about any of the staff. Plenty of bar maids both in the casino and at the pool. I'm already planning another trip in Sept. of this year and I will be staying at Ceasar's Palace.	
Jul 12 2009 	Treated as a valued customer.	After an initial wait on the priority line (as a Platinum Reward Member), with those with the Gold card being taken ahead of me despite the intent of the PRIORITY line, the service was quick and supportive. The staff on initial registration and sign out were efficient, polite, and helpful. Although I was not placed in the wing I initially booked a room in, the room I received had a wonderful view. Even as a solo traveller, I felt safe and at ease. I will definitely stay at Caesars again and will recommend it to friends and family members - based on my experience. BTW - I even treated myself to a hair salon treatment (coloring) with my long time earned points and was again treated with respect.	
Jul 12 2009 	Okay Stay	I stayed here for 2 nights as part of my nine day stay and did enjoy it. The rooms were comfortable but a little dirty. The bathroom was awesome had a shower and bathtub separate. There was construction going on at the pool that was annoying couldn't relax. Lots of slots to choose from on the casino floor. Good drink service and nice costumes. The shops were fun lots and lots of them top of the line. I probaly would not stay here again but it was not bad I just didn't feel that comfortable there.	
Jul 11 2009 	If you are going for the pool......wait a while	Can't beat some of the rates in Vegas right now so we couldn't resist a quick week vacation. We picked Caesars Palace for it's great mid-strip location (we didn't plan to really leave the strip and did not want to rent a car). Here's how we found it:Location = Mid-strip can't beat it. You will do a lot of walking with thousands of complete strangers but....that's Vegas. The hotel is HUGE, lots and lots of walking so bring the right shoes.Rooms = We upgraded to the Palace tower upon arrival for an additional $25.00 a night. This is the closest tower to the pool and that was one of main reasons for going. The room was very spacious as was the bathroom, excellent jacuzzi tub and separate shower. We heard horror stories about the Roman tower and wanted to avoid it at all costs.Housekeeping = top notch, room was kept very clean and no personal items were disturbed.Prices = Food and drink are not cheap at Caesars; the food court is the best bet where most meals were about $10.00 each. Soft drinks at the pool are $3 to $4 a piece. Alcohol at the bars is armed robbery, one night my wife and I each had a simple shot and it was $30.00 for both!Pools = You may have heard the pools are being upgraded or rather new additions. They are in the process of adding new pools and finishing construction on a new tower and meeting facilities.....all of this is around the pool. Dust and construction noise surround 50% of the pool area and you can't help but notice them. The pool chairs fill up on the early side, we were at the pool by 8am and had no problem but by 11am you were out of luck. There are two main pools available now with a 3rd &quot;European&quot; pool available for an extra charge. Not enough chairs for the crowd that hits the area so get there early if you want to sit.Bottom line; nice and big place pick the right tower and wait a few months if you plan on spending time at the pool.	
Jul 10 2009 	Perfact Vacation!!!	I had a great package deal at Travelocity (I booked about 6 week advance) for this hotel.Upon check-in, I asked the very friendly desk clerk if I can get any complimentary upgrades, and she upgraded us to a Forum Tower, which is one of newly innovated tower - everything in the room were cleannnnn!! If you don't ask, you will not get it. Don't ever touch anything in the fridge in your room, eventhough you don't open, they scan things that removed and charge you for it.We did not try the restaurents in this hotel (very expensive, but I am sure they are good), but we tried at Beijing Noodle 9. If you like a chiness food, you got to try! Handmade noodle and dumpling are just perfact! Average entry costs for 12-18 dollors. *** Try at &quot;KOKOMOS&quot; at Mirage Hotel - they have Pre Fixed Menu (you have to ask) for 29.99, and it was amazing!!! 3 course meal, nice atmosphere, good food.***Sushi Roku at Forum Shop - the best fresh sushi I never had. Try live sweet shrimp, the best!!!You will not see any $5 table game in this hotel. The lowest table I saw was $15. Most of them are $25 min.Shopperholic? Forum Shop got everything (all expensive designer handbags and cloth...you know the deal) I will recomand the Prime Outlet Mall - great deals on nice brand names.Overall, we just had stay at Caesars Palace and we will definately go back!	
Jul 10 2009 	Wow!	I had taken an early flight and arrived at Caesars at 10:30am. I was somewhat concerned because I knew that check-in was at 3:00pm. There were perhaps a half dozen folks also attempting to check-in early.The woman at the front desk was very friendly and accomodating. She was able to find me a room (and EVEN upgraded it at no cost). I was in the Palace Tower right near the pool. This was perhaps the easiest tower to get to. You must walk through the rather smokey casino to get to the elevator.I was on the 20th floor and my room faced the Strip towards the right and mountains to the left. Wow! The room was huge. The furniture was modern, but simple. The king bed had very comfortable sheets, pillows and comforter..lots of huge pillows. The matress was firm, but not too hard. The air conditioner system worked flawlessly. The thermostat is on the wall, my room was hot when I arrived so I cooled it down to 70 and it only took about 15 minutes to achieve this.The bathroom was about the size of my living room.A stall shower, two sinks and a sunkin jacuzzi. I had no idea where the toilet was. Aha, it was behind the door and included a phone. The tv was flat screen and received an impressive amount of channels.A robe was included in the closet. The toiletries had a tangy, orange scent. I loved the lotion.There was an ipod docking unit/radio, but the docking did not work and the radio only picked up a few stations. High speed internet cost $14.95 per 24 hour. At times the internet was quite slow.The room was incredibly quiet. I never heard a door slam or noise from another room.It was very clean. My only objection was the maid walking into my room at 9:00am and didn't even knock. I guess she must have assumed that I was still out partying/gambling. You can check the cost you have accrued to your room on the hotel's tv channel. In addition, you can check out after 6:00am utilizing the hotel tv channel.The casino is large and perhaps one of the more sought out on the strip. I have heard that many people come over to Caesars to play the slots and cards. The casino floor went on and on and on. Unlike Atlantic City (which has smoking sections), smoking is everywhere! Even if you just walk through the casinos on your way to somewhere else, you are bound to get smoke blown in your face.After you leave the casino you are immersed in a huge shopping area with some of the most upscale shoppes in Vegas. The stores go on and on and you can get lost trying to navigate from one side to the other. The price of a Coach purse actually was higher then it would have been at Macy's, but I'll always remember where I bought it. The ceiling is a distinct blue and the area is very posh and made to look like a Roman street. Caesars is one of the largest hotels and it takes about 2 days to figure out how to get from point A to point B. There is a LOT of walking involved. Some times I found it easier to exit and walk outside then maneuver the massive maze.The Coliseam is the theatre where the top stars like: Cher and Bette Midler play. I saw Bette and had wonderful seats and she put on an impressive show.The pool is waist deep(so don't expect to be able to swim). It is a large circle surrounded by fountains and sculptures of caesar. There is contruction going on near the pool (a new tower is being added). The music at the pool was so loud, it drowned out any of the construction noise.There were many young people when I was there in the pool and nearly all had drinks in their hands. It was hot and the pool was crowded. If you want to get some exercise, you can actually walk around the pool a few times.You have to get down early because the lounge chairs get filled up quickly. I tried to get my space staked out between 930-1030am. Those who came in the area after 1100 did not have much luck finding a place to lounge. There is also a &quot;European&quot; pool located just outside of the doors.This is an adult-only pool area and the women can go topless.The waitress/bar staff at the pool are agonizingly slow. I ordered a drink and it arrived about 45 mins. later. It just appears that they do not have the adequate amount of staff to services a large crowd.I treated myself to a massage near the pool (in the shade) for $50 for a half hour. The masseuse was fantastic and very friendly.The pool store is very overprised. Unless you want to pay $12-$15 for suntan lotion (bring your lotion from home). Soda's cost over $2.00 a bottle and snacks range from $2.00-$4.00.There are loads of restaraunts, but they are quite expensive. I ate one large meal at the Japanese restaraunt (which I was told had among the best sushi in Vegas). The sushi was by far among the best I have ever had, fresh and tasteful. The cost was $25.00 for two rolls.One word to describe the Caesars staff--Accomodating.The cost of the stay was well worth it.	
Jul 8 2009 	All Class and NO Hass..le	Before arriving for a 3 night stay, I found a tip online about how to get a free upgrade from the Roman Towers which is where my reservation was booked for $81 a night with the AAA discount. At check-in you simply fold a $20 bill with your ID and Credit card and ask if there are any complimentary upgrades.. It worked like a charm! Got upgraded to the Palace Tower with Queen sized beds and Jacuuzzi!.. Best $20 you will ever gamble in Vegas! There is nothing about this hotel that is not 1st class. I've stayed at the Bargain hotels ( Flamingo, Riviera,..ect.) This time decided to pay a little extra, and it was WELL worth it.. you will be proud to say you are staying at Fabulous Ceasars Palace! And you can always walk across the street to gamle at Harrahs or Flamingo for the lower table minimums. All employees are friendly and helpful... and the Pool area is unbelievably nice.. When you sign up for a players card they will give you a $20 voucher for the buffet which is pretty good for breakfast.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good but too big and generic.	Went for a bachelor party and while the hotel is good - it's far too big - takes ages to get from room to casino floor or exit or pool.The crowd is totally universal - families, old people, party people so it's a bit of mish mash.We got an upgrade and the room was HUGE but this hotel is not for 20 somethings.Still a good hotel though.	
Jul 6 2009 	Had a wonderful time July 4th weekend 2008	I went w/ family from Miami -only been to Vegas twice and we enjoyed Caesars Palace that we (Girl Friend) and I will be staying there at the end of this month. You hear so much negivatve reviews, I truly think if you plan on having a good time you will, if not you wont-so the key is go to Vegas and just have a good time -Caesars is the best place to stay for the shopping extravaganga, if you are not a gambler- and the Food is great too!!!	
Jul 1 2009 	great 42nd wedding anniversity	two great employee's Cheryl Ippolito set up our 4 day stay and Marc. Mercury front desk help during our stay. Have been coming to Caesars since 1987 every Jan &amp; June we had a great time looking forward to returning in Jan	
Jul 1 2009 	Blood on the sheets	I found blood on my sheets after I had slept on them for 2 days. They acted like it was my fault and took a long time to come and replace them. I could tell that it was tried to be washed off.NEVER STAY HERE again!!!!	
Jun 30 2009 	Check your insurance	10+ visits to Vegas, 1st stay at Caesars. Room we booked was not available at check-in, given best available at reduced rate and moved to better room for second night. As the second night wore on, I started feeling bad. By the time I made it back to the room, I was not able to leave the toilet (not a drinker btw). By the next morning my wife was woried and threatened to cal EMS. She agreed to look elsewhere and found &quot;In Room Doctor&quot;. Dr. arrived and advised we most likely got it from the room(s). I say we because, yes the wife got it as well. $2000.00 later, we were able to leave the room for the airport. Good thing I had hit a couple of jack pots prior to near death experience. I can't say for sure the hotel was to blame, but all we were offered even after complete explanation to guest relations, was late check out. Not a clean freak, but we carry sanitizer wipes and gel when we travel now.Still get queasy when I walk by there!	
Jun 29 2009 	First Trip to Caesars and Definitely Won't be the Last	This was our first trip to Caesars Palace. We had 3 nights comped in the Forum Tower. When checking in, told the woman it was our 15th anniversary and she upgraded us to the Palace Tower when she found out my wife liked the pool. The room was the nicest non suite room we have stayed in before in Las Vegas. I enjoyed how quiet it was in the pool area, not a lot of kids like you get at some of the other hotels. The casino was even quiet, which actually was quite nice. The food is very expensive there so we ate elsewhere. We will definitely be returning next year to Caesars Palace.	
Jun 29 2009 	Really Poor service	We arrived at the hotel at 1530hrs local.Having travel there with Virgin Atlantic where we received excellent service. Because my wife uses a wheelchair I emailed the hotel in advance to explain that we were travelling with our daughter and son-in law and because of the wheelchair and the help needed from them I asked if our rooms could be close, at least on the same floor. On arrival we again requested this. After a lot of them trying to get us to pay for an upgrade they said they had two rooms for us but one was not made up but would be done soon. We waited an hour and checked...still not made up. We went to eat and arrived back at 2000hrs still no room. After much talk with every one blaming every one else they agreed to give us another room in a different block. We said we still required the room and they agreed that it would be ready for us next day. After a long trip and being very tired this was the last thing we expected on arrival at a high cost hotel. We were not alone other people were in the same situation and were bitterly complaining. The service through out the whole hotel was very poor unless you were spending. But we explained that we had spent a lot with the price we paid to stop there. The Buffet here is possible the worst on the Strip and high priced to boot. We ate at The Luxor which we highly recommend.	
Jun 29 2009 	Hail Caesar...Emperor of the Strip	After booking our trip we were a little worried following some of the recent traveler reviews.... we booked a classic room and upon arrival (and only waiting for 2 minutes to get checked in) we got a recently refurbished Forum Tower room!!! The room was great, although the view of the back of the Colosseum wasn't anything to write home about...The pool area was a little more crowded than our last visit thanks to the construction work, that said we always managed to find 2 beds next to each other on the six occassions that we visited at various times of day!!! The waitress service was friendly, efficient and plentiful.......We ate a couple of times at the new offering Serendipity 3, which had a good menu and lovely food...Our only real constructive observation is on the table play, which could certainly have benefited from some lower minimums throughout our stay, which lead us to play mainly in other locations.Overall.....Hail Caesar...Emperor of the Strip...we would definitely stay here again...especially when the new pool area is finished....	
Jun 29 2009 	The Best	Caesers was a great place. They made a few mistakes, but quickly recovered. I would highly reccommend anyone looking to go to Vegas to stay here. It ain't cheap, but if you want cheap, go somewhere else. First class in everything they did or tried to do.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great Experience	My husband and I come to Vegas on a regular basis and have stayed at Caesars a couple of times prior to this trip. Once again, we were not disappointed. We had booked a deluxe room for 4 nights and were supposed to be in the Palace/Augustus Tower. Upon check-in, my husband presented the very friendly desk clerk with his drivers license anda twenty dollar bill and asked if any complimentary upgrades were available (we had never tried this before but had read a lot about it lately on various web sites). Amazingly enough, there were no more deluxe rooms available and we were upgraded to a Forum Tower Royal Suite! The room was unbelievable, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and the ameneties offed at the hotel are top notch! After staying in such surroundings, it's hard to come back to the real world. My husband and I will definitely be returning to Ceasars again!!!!!	
Jun 28 2009 	Dissappointed...room was old...bad customer service..not worth it ..!!!!	Well, me and my hb booked in one of their Roman Tower rooms.... Big dissappointment..very old and the aircon was scary..It had a loud sound during the night..did not sleep well. Furthermore, the tv armoire was not positioned well..we could see all the wirings on the back and almost blocking the bathroom door... So, we called their customer service to fix it but they just told us that it was really ike that...They did not even bother to check the room...Also, they double-charged my credit card..They charged me when I booked it and when we checked in they charged me again..of the cost plus $100 dollars for incidental exp...we complained after learning it...the customer service was not friendly..my hb has to shout on them just to listen to our complain...but until now they haven't credited back my credit card...It was not worth it for the price and for the hassle...we will never stay on this hotel anymore...shame on them!!!!	
Jun 23 2009 	The Roman Gods would even love this place!!!	We had a party of 5 and 3 had never been to Vegas before. I wanted to make sure that they enjoy everything Vegas has to offer so I booked Caesars Palace. I like the location, center of strip, and the price was reasonable. I booked the trip through Expedia and originally had rooms in the Classic Towers. After reading reviews on tripadvisor, I knew that it would be wise to upgrade. Upon arrival I requested an upgrade and we were put in the Palace Towers(with tip only). The difference was like night and day. The rooms in the Palace Towers are fantastic and very comfortable. Our view was over looking the pool and it was good, even with construction. To me the construction is part of progress, so you just have to deal with alittle inconvience. The food and drink by the pool was somewhat expensive but it is the same wherever you stay on the strip. You do have to get out there fairly early because they will run out of chairs as the day goes on! Once construction ends there will be alot more room. The casino could have been laid out better, but once you get familiarized, it gets easier to navigate. It would also be better to have some lower minimums on some tables.Every kind of restaurant is available. Shop-a-holics would also feel right at home. You don't ever have to leave this hotel if you don't want to. Everybody loved Caesars and would come back anytime!	
Jun 23 2009 	Disappointing a real shame!!!	I have travelled to Vegas a number of times for leisure and business, I have stayed in Caesars palace in 2007 and had a wonderful time.On this occasion I went with my husband and parents, brother and family and said that Ceasars had been a really nice place to stay so we all booked in! The location of Caesars is ideal, right in the middle of the strip. The only negative point is that if you have problems with walking it does not have a sky train station, however there is one about 15mins walk away.The reception was busy as Vegas always is however there were only two people checking in at 1700. We booked the three rooms together and asked for them to be on the same floor, however the reception said they were unable to do this. We took a room on the floor below. Once at the rooms none of our card keys worked and we had to take them all back to reception to be re-programmed. The rooms themselves were a nice size and had everything you could need. However all our rooms had little problems. We had no batteries in our remote, no robes and no shower gel. My parents room had no slippers, three of the spotlights in bathroom out of order. My brothers had no toiletries and no toilet roll. The rooms were however clean.As the week went we had to ask reception for toiletries when we needed them, rather than them just being replaced by house keeping. It is not the cheapest hotel, but was still a mid-range and from previous stays I expected so much more!!The hotel buffet breakfast was probably the worst meal we had in Vegas. We arrived at 0900 to find tables as far as the eye could see of dirty crockery. Adventurely after the table had been cleared around us we ordered our coffee and juice. The coffee was warm and with no sugar on the table we took a bowl from another empty table as there were no servers around to ask. When one of the servers did arrive they told us those sugars were not for us and we would have to find our own server to get sugar! When we went up for food there was little left, and it was all cold and not particularly nice! We did not return to the Ceasars Buffet, instead we walked up to Treasure Island which was a pleasant stroll at that time of the morning.I am coming back to Vegas next month and staying at Treasure Island which I much prefer!All in all I was so disappointed with what use to be a truely fabulous hotel!!!	
Jun 23 2009 	Absolutely Wonderful Vacation! DCN in Texas	This was our first stay at Ceasars Palace. We usually vacation in Las vegas twice a year and have stayed at several other strip hotels. This was one of the best vacations we have had in Las Vegas. We checked in on June 10th around 7:30pm. The room was not available due to issues with the room key computer system not working. The front desk personnel were so sweet and apologetic. They offered to assign the room and have security meet us at the assigned room in 30 minutes. We chose to wait it out and enjoy the exciting atmosphere. In around 15 minutes we were told the system was working and we were assigned a beautiful room in the Augustus Tower. The beds were so comfortable and the strip view was amazing! We both had great luck on the slot machines (my husband enjoyed the craps table) the drink service was quick and friendly. We cannot say enough about the friendly staff we encountered. We had a wonderful vacation and look forward to returning again in July to celebrate my birthday!	
Jun 23 2009 	Absolutley Amazing	After reading all the reviews on here i must admit i was worried about getting a bad room! When we arrived we just asked for an upgrade- we said that we had heard the rumours about the mouldy old rooms on the internet in the roman tower &amp; they upgraded us for free- we did tip her $20, but even still if you don't ask you don't get!We had the most amazing time, this hotel is the biggest &amp; best on the strip, fab staff, casinos, restaurants, pools- even towels &amp; neccesity shops were all really fab- it is much cheaper to get beers/drinks from the little shops than it is off the pool staff/pool bar?If you tip (it doesn't have to be loads a dollar a time) the waitresses etc will be very helpful.There is soooooooo much to do in this hotel &amp; this whole place (we did grand canyon sunset helicopter tour-it was amazing!!!)You will not be dissapointed- our room was out of this world a view of the bellagio fountains, huge bed, LCD TV ,table &amp; chairs, a settee- massive bathroom, double sinks, jet bath, huge walk in shower with LCD TV in bathroom- storage was amazing the whole room was soooooo fantastic! We stayed in the augustus tower!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Good enough for a couple days	We stayed in Caesars for 5 days and our room was comped so I can't talk about price. Let's start with the good,Check in is fast if you're a platinum member We needed an extra bed cuz (of the room change) and they were at the room with the bed before we even put out bags downThe cleaning staff was friendly and gave us extra towels whenever we asked.The waitresses were nice and promptThe locationVariety of places to eatNow the badIf you're not a platinum member and you arrive at the wrong time of day, you're gonna wait in a lineThe pool is ordinary, just pools and lots of construction going on around youThe food is very overpriced even in the &quot;food court&quot;For a slot player, the casino is small and doesn't have alot of optionsThis is not a kid friendly hotelWhen we checked in I didn't get the room I booked,in the Forum Tower (hence the extra rollaway bed)The service at the Total Rewards booth was rudeThe room towers are far from check in Now that being said, would I pay for this hotel? Probably not. Would I go back? Maybe if I were without my kids. (comped) This year we've stayed in The Bellagio, Paris and MGM so I'm comparing Caesars to them. I'll put it third. Piece of advice, always use your players card, and if you're a party of 6, like we were, go to the front desk and check out the prices of limos to the airport home. It's cheaper than 2 cabs, because in Vegas you can't put more than 5 people in a cab, even if its a mini van. I give Caesars a 2.5 only because the beds are soo comfy and the rooms we had were awesome and the shopping is great.	
Jun 22 2009 	Brilliant better than expected!	Well, we booked this with Lowcostvegas.com, and then read reviews about the rooms etc you end up with when booking through them which definitely worried me a little. We got there in the morning and the room wasn't ready (but it did say you couldn't check in til 1pm, so we didn't think it would be) and left our bags with concierge and went off for a wander down the strip. Came back at 1 and was told the room still wasn't ready, so we waited another 20 minutes, and was told it still wasn't ready, but they would put us in a different room to make up for it. We got there and it was fantastic, the room was immaculate, two double beds, the view was amazing (got half the mountains and the other half was the strip).The customer service was brilliant, especially since we had booked through that website, I thought they would possibly be a bit off, but they treated us like we had paid for the penthouse suite or something.I would definitely recommend it to others.	
Jun 19 2009 	Nice Surprise !!	Invited guest to Caesars for free room &amp; tickets to Bette Midler. Very concerned after all the reviews, hadn't stayed there in many years. What a nice surprise !! Checked in on Mon afternoon Requested a room with a great view, no walls-parking lots etc ! I did tip the clerk &amp; was given a FANTASTIC room Augustus Towers 45th floor,overlooking the fountains of Bellagio. WOW !! Very clean, housekeeping did a great job!QUA is a must see. Compare in every way to Canyon Ranch. A smaller facility &amp; probably very crowded on weekends, but great during the week.Tickets to Bette were row G. No dissapointments. She can still sing, dance &amp; tell her dirty jokes without skipping a beat. Would go again &amp; pay for the tickets !!Restaurants were great !! Mesa Grill a bargin for Bobby Flay !Only dissapointment was the casino, &amp; I didn't loose. Cage was poorly staffed &amp; no matter when I went the wait was endless. Voucher machines not working for an entire night and the next night pt bosses not able to enter ratings on players card. To bad for me, because I probably played for over six hours &amp; with no rating-- HOW WILL I GET INVITED BACK?	
Jun 18 2009 	A Great Location For Our Stay in Las Vegas	We stayed in Las Vegas during Memorial Day weekend, May 22nd through the 27th at Caesar’s, which was our first trip. (Well actually it was almost 30 years for me, so I might as well say it was my first trip!) We had a choice for any comped room in the HET properties, so we decided to stay at Caesar’s for the location, and pool facilities. I must say, I was not disappointed with the hotel, nor was I totally satisfied. It was okay, but I would probably stay somewhere else next time we go.We arrived Friday night, landing about 10:00pm. We got our car, and proceeded to WalMart to buy a coffee pot. (They actually charge per night for a coffee pot, so we bought one for $10.00 and left it in the room when we checked out.) The walk from the self park to check in seemed endless. Yes, this hotel is enormous! I thought people were exaggerating, or didn’t like to walk, but they really weren’t kidding! My suitcase handle broke during transit, so it was difficult trying to drag the suitcase on the carpeting throughout the casino trying to find the registration desk. By the time we got to the hotel, it was already 12:00 midnight (3:00 am EST), so maybe I was a little tired and testy too. After doing the research on Trip Advisor, I reserved the Forum Tower above the Classic Room, and was a little apprehensive that we would lose this room due to the late check-in, especially since it was comped. But to our surprise, they up-graded us to the Palace Towers, 20th floor. The room was okay, had a nice unobstructed view, and we still received our requests of king bed/smoking. The bathroom was large, with a Jacuzzi tub, but we never used it. The employees were very friendly, going out of their way to say good morning and chitchat a bit. I have no complaints about the staff and housekeeping.The thing that I really did not care for, was how the hotel nickel and dimes it’s customers. I already mentioned the coffee maker, which annoyed me a little, but when we checked in they told us about the amenities/stocked refrigerator in the room. They said that everything is scanned, and even if you just pick something up and look at it, your room will be charged. Needless to say, we steered way away from all of these items for fear of knocking something down! I read this before on one of the reviews, but still, it was a bit disconcerting. They also charge per day to use the gym, but with all of the walking we did, the gym was not needed. Hotel Internet was also charged by the day, but my BF has an air card, so we did not need to purchase this. Since we did not pay for the room, I shouldn’t complain about the extra charges. But had we paid regular price for the room, I would not have been happy at all!Both my BF and I did not care for the Casino at this hotel. It seems there are two areas for gambling, one area was mainly tables with some slot machines placed around, and the other area was the slot machine area. Neither my BF nor I play the table games; we play the slots and my BF’s favorite is Keno. But at Caesar’s, they did not have the Keno machine he likes, so we spent most of our time out of the hotel. There was something about the layout neither one of us liked, and when I spoke to other people, they also felt the same. We spent a lot of time at Bill’s, which was right across the street. Kind of a locals type of place in the middle of the strip, and fun. For all the time we spent there, I only saw Big Elvis’ show once, at its tail end, but I think I would have really enjoyed seeing the whole thing. It was quite entertaining! The 99 cent Margaritas were pretty good too! Even though I picked this hotel for its pool area, we did not use it at all. In fact, we didn’t even look at it! I read that part of the pool area was under construction. With that in mind, coupled with the occupancy at the hotel, I thought the pool area would be wall-to-wall people, and not very relaxing. But Vegas is not a place to relax! We were on the go constantly, and it was a good thing I brought comfortable walking shoes.I think the best thing about the hotel was the location. It was centrally located between the Bellagio, and the Mirage. The Forum Shops are connected, although we never walked through them. We rented a car, but hardly used it. I don’t think we would get a car next time, unless we leave the city. The traffic was terrible; I think I could walk to most places faster. The last day we planned to go to the Lake Mead area, but found out that same day President Obama was staying at our hotel, which made for an even more chaotic atmosphere, and decided not to give up our prime parking spot. It must have been fate that we couldn’t go, because my BF won the jackpot at Keno at the Bellagio!One day we drove to Fremont Street (the old Las Vegas), and I loved it! They are celebrating Summer of Love, the 60’s. Blood, Sweat and Tears played during the afternoon, and they will have other relatively well known bands from the 60’s playing there throughout the summer. They also had another band playing 60’s rock, along with a jazz musician, and probably others that I missed. The light show was spectacular! I couldn’t describe it, but it was of course 60’s themed, and made the visit to Fremont worth the trip. That, and the 99 cent shrimp cocktails we had for lunch at one of the casinos.All in all, we had a really good time in Vegas. I did a lot of research, thanks to everyone’s input on Trip Advisor, so we were prepared with a list of things to do and see. We didn’t have the time to do and see everything, and at times I felt I was on sensory overload, with only 5-6 hours of sleep. I’m glad it was just my BF and me, because I think with more people, it would be too confusing, trying to coordinate times and desires. We spent about 4 full days there, and probably another day would have been good for us, being that it was our first trip. I guess we will have to plan another trip for next year!	
Jun 18 2009 	Worth staying there if only for the spa and location.	We just back from our first trip to Vegas. This is a beautiful hotel, but the service could be better. After we had waited in a very long line to check in, one desk clerk beckoned us to her station, only to walk away. So we were just standing there - there were a few guys in suits walking around behind the desk, not doing anything - certainly not offering to help. When someone finally did help us, they told us our room wasn't ready, but they had some upgrades available for an extra cost (of course). I wish we had taken her up on that, but I'll get to that later. Anyway, she wouldn't even pre-register us. We had to drop off our bags at the bell stand, then 45 minutes later, go stand in the long line again.The room (in the Roman Tower) was a good size, but a little tired. The white tile in the bathroom needs replacing, or at least the grout needs to be bleached. The carpet was coming loose at the edges in several places. The hairdryer in the room may as well have been someone with emphysema blowing on my hair, for all the power it had. And the shower - only a small soapdish for shelving. I had to put shampoo, conditioner, razor on the floor.The breakfast buffet at Cafe Lago was disappointing. Definitely go across to the Bellagio or Paris for their buffet.Casino: the dealers - except for the girls in the Pussycat Dolls casino, looked and acted miserable.Pool: lots of construction going on, but that didn't really affect our experience there. Other things did, though: very slow service at the pool bar- they seemed to be understaffed. We had a very hard time finding lounge chairs. We could have spent God-knows-how-much on a sunbed or cabana, but we were on a budget. We ended up finding two chairs that were not even next to each other. That wouldn't have bothered me so much, except for the fact that no one ever asked us for our name, room key, or anything to prove we were hotel guests. I wonder how many of the people taking up the lounge chairs had no business being there in the first place.Spa: The only reason I'd go back to this hotel. Qua Baths and Spa is amazing! Impeccable service, gorgeous facility. Be sure to take your bathing suit if you're modest, though. The amazing whirpool baths are bathing-suit optional. I enjoyed the herbal steam room, followed by the arctic ice room. Greg gave me the best massage I've ever had. He really understood what kind of pressure I needed, and where I needed the most work. Awesome. Ask for him!Another cool thing is all the toiletries they provide for your after-treatment freshening up. All you need to bring is your make-up - they have everything else.Cool spa gift shop, too - with reasonably priced merchandise.All in all, the spa and the location keep this from being a bad review. We chose Caesars because if its central location on the Strip, and that definitely made a difference for us.	
Jun 18 2009 	Beware of the construction around the pools!!!!	Great hotel, I mean, c'mon it's Caesar's Palace!! Everything, food, casino, location, atmosphere) was awesome. There was some amusement when I checked in. I reserved a room on the high floor in the Forum Tower, (I used the hotel's website). Upon checking in the rather chipper young man said our room was ready to go, a &quot;smoking&quot; room on a lower floor. I told him I didn't make a reservation for that type of room and with a few clicks of the keyboard he gave us a room in the Palace Tower. He described it was a &quot;mini suite.&quot; Which was basically code for &quot;this is a regular room, so take it.&quot; Up we go to the room, and it was nice, bathrooms are great and it looked newly renovated. Nice view of the pool and all that surrounding construction. Here's the thing that really got me... I could hear the construction get underway, everyday at 5am sharp. Huge earth movers, air horns, beeping noises, etc. It was all clear as a bell. Once we got down to the pool area, which is very nice, we battled more noise, banging, rouge debris flying about, and dust. The construction even drowned out the killer music casinos play poolside. Oh, and this was my favorite, there were tiny pieces of styrafoam blown into the pools from the construction side. The little white pieces would form this huge mass, like something out of a movie, into a snake like creature and circle the pool. It reminded me of Red Tide scenario.Bottom line, hotel = great. Pool area = terrible. Once pool area is done in &quot;summer of 2009&quot; = I'm sure it'll be awesome. Until then, stay somewhere else other than Caesar's. You'll be in for a big disappointment, if you want to relax at the pool.	
Jun 18 2009 	Incredible experience in a Palace Deluxe room	I had a great experience staying on a Hotwire-booked trip at Caesar's. I arrived at check-in around 1:30. I was told the official check-in time had not begun, but the woman at the front desk said she was able to find a room for me. She did not mention Hotwire, and gave me my key and directed me toward the Palace Tower.I was very pleasantly surprised to see I had been given a Palace Deluxe room. The room is very spacious for a non-suite, I would guess around 550 sq ft. The king-size bed I requested was very comfortable. A lounge chair and couch are provided, and they really add some comfort to the room. The desk is where I worked on my computer the little I had to, and it has a beautiful oval mirror above it. High-speed internet is $13, no surprise, and they do not offer wireless internet, at least in the Palace Tower. The television in the room is adequate, though I would have expected a bit more. It's a 26-inch LCD tv that did not display HD channels. The channel selection was good.The bathroom is incredible. A giant square mirror rests over two golden sinks, with a beautiful and deep tub to the right. There is a separate shower area which I appreciated, and the toilet is in a small room by itself. No tv in the bathroom. The bathroom's marble floors were the best part.The view from my window was of the incredible pool area below. Unfortunately, the pool was currently under construction so I had a good view of that. However, under normal circumstances, the view from my room would be superb, and I still enjoyed it myself. One negative thing about the room I can say is that it is not well lit, even during the daytime. I had all the lights and lamps on, and the blinds on the window fully open, and it was still rather dark in my room. This is pretty typical of many hotel rooms, but it's something I always notice.There is a fully-stocked minibar that, not surprisingly, is very expensive. There are also some chocolates, snacks, and beauty kits that you can take from the room, which are very expensive as well. A fair warning - I picked up several of these snacks and items to examine the contents. I discovered at check-out that there are sensors where the items are kept to tell the hotel what you have taken. Even though I am confident I put everything back in its place, upon checkout my bill showed two of the items. I told them I had not taken them from the room and they promptly removed them from the bill.The casino at Caesar's is very good. I do not play many slots, but prefer poker, and Caesar's has one of the best poker rooms on the strip, if not the best. They have a pretty good selection of high- and low-level games throughout the casino, though I had some trouble finding a blackjack game during the middle of the day that wasn't a $25 minimum. As stated before, I had the minor problem at checkout, but other than that it was fine. The lines were short for me both checking in and out, and even during a peak check-in time (around 4:30) I only saw a line of about four people.I was very pleased with Caesar's, especially the room I got for the price I paid. I would gladly stay there again. It is a cut above the other 4-star hotels on the strip.	
Jun 16 2009 	Ceasar's is disappointing in comparison to same or lower priced hotels	I just returned from Ceasar's Palace with a group of guys down in Vegas for a bachelor party. We were not traveling on a budget and frankly, without our women, we were more tolerant to problems. Here is honest balanced feedback of the hotel (can't stand people that find no positives):Check-in: Horrible. We arrived on Thursday night at 10PM and still waited 35 minutes due to the fact that there were only 3 people at the front desk. As well, we were told that there were tons of rooms with King sized beds available, but none with two beds. After ten minutes of explaining that non-gay guys on a bachelor party don't want to sleep with each other, we were told that there were some rooms that were vacant, and a rush could be put on them with housekeeping. Why would they not try to clean rooms with two beds earlier in the day to make them available? Anyway, we were told would need to come back in 2 hours. When we did, we had to wait another 25 minutes in the VIP line. The guys ahead of of in line were completely upset about the room they had been given and the guy behind us told us that he was livid with what he had been given. This validated for us that numerous people were having difficulty. On a positive note, check-out was a breeze, however the hotel was completely inflexible on having a late checkout....on a sunday! hahaRooms:Huge disappointment. We were given 3 rooms in the Roman Tower and they were 3 star quality. The beds and furniture were old and tired (the pictures on their website were definitely airbrushed to perfection as the reality is much different when you walk in the room). The bathroom would have been comparable to that of a motel.....and the clothes closet was located within the bathroom (have never seen this before). There were no minibar/fridges in the rooms. There really was no view of the strip from any of the rooms. Instead, we were staring at a bunch of pipes and maintenance buildings.Pool:Horrible. Not even close to enough pool lounge chairs for the size of the hotel. We had to grab single chairs from all over and start grouping them together in one location, but pool security got upset at that. When we told them that their lack of lounge chairs was ridiculous, they backed off and said they would allow it. There were hundreds of people that had no chairs and left the pool area frustrated or sat on the cement. On our second day, we decided to pay $30 each to go into the &quot;Venus&quot; adult pool area and avoid the deck chair hassle. Unbelievably, we got in there and there were no deck chairs at all. Basically, they wanted us to pay $1000 for a private cabana or sit on the cement on the edge of the pool. Shouldn't a $30/person pool entry fee implicitly mean that you would get a simple pool chair? Ridiculous! We ended up exiting the Venus pool to once again move a bunch of single chairs by the main pool and lost the $30/each.Location:Only good aspect of the hotel. It is right in the middle of the strip and there is some great shopping (The Forum Shops) attached to it.Service:Pool bar service was horrible. I felt bad for the waitresses because they were doing their best, but there was only two of them that we could see serving the entire pool of hundreds. We ordered large margaritas ($20 each) on the first day and it took 45 minutes for them to get to us. The lobby restaurant was poor as well. We went there for breakfast on the last morning. We were given our drinks and then it took them 20 minutes to come and take the rest of our order.Sidenotes:The Casino was fine, but you need to be ready to play higher wager tables. We ran into a few Vegas regular gamblers who were staying at other hotels and gambling at Ceasar's. We asked them why and they told us that Ceasar's used to be a great hotel, but since their new management took over they have let the hotel spiral downwards and become chincy. We couldn't have agreed more.All in all, you can get comparable prices for other hotels like MGM Grand, The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay, The Mirage....and fairly close prices for The Bellagio, The Venetian, Planet Hollywood, etc. The majority of us have previously stayed in Las Vegas at all of these hotels. Even The Luxor rooms are better than what you get at Ceasar's. TAKE MY ADVICE and stay at a comparably priced hotel that will have nicer rooms, a better pool, and better service.	
Jun 15 2009 	Caesars Palace was Perfect	First time to Las Vegas for my wife and I. We stayed four nights in the Palace Tower and had a great trip! The room was very comfortable with a jacuzzi tub and shower. Loved the Pool! I would have preferred it if the construction around the pool were finished but it didn't damper our enjoyment of the facilities. I can't wait to go back and see the finished Garden of the Gods Pool Oasis.	
Jun 14 2009 	Anniversary Stay at Caesars	My husband and I stayed at Caesars for the second time earlier this week. We had a room in the Augustus Tower with a great view over looking the Bellagio fountains on the 33rd floor. Overall the room was great: big bathroom with a tv, spa tub, walk in shower, closet, mini bar, comfortable beds, etc. There were a few spots in the room that were stained. Location was great, very close to everything we wanted to do. Free entry into Pure nightclub (worth it to avoid the huge line). We would stay again.	
Jun 13 2009 	Disappointed Customer Satisfaction	Just got back from Ceaser's Palace. I was not expecting the &quot;less than expected&quot; treatment. I was surprised that in this time of economic turmoil that one would &quot;exceed customer expectation&quot; considering 'Customers&quot; are the reason they are employed. I stayed in late and requested housekeeping to turn my room and replenish it with new towels and sheets. I left for 1 hour and a half and I tried to come back to my room. My room card will not let me in. I had to walk back to the hotel registration desk and wait in a lengthy line just to &quot;re-code&quot; my card (20 minutes). I was irritated at that point. The desk clerk was dry, inhospitable and looked like he hated his job, no dialogue. After WAITING in line, I went back to my room, (which is in the Palace Towers, LONG WALK) I get in and my room had not been touched by anyone. I was really irritated now. I phoned for a supervisor, but got an automated system putting me on hold. Did I say I was irritated; I finally got a supervisor to re-tell my experience. They did listen, apologized and gave me a $50 food and beverage comp. Did I mention that you’re in Vegas and everything is priced like you were shopping at a luxury retailer. I used the comp and got early breakfast as I was flying out before the sun came up in the am. The food was horrible. My daughter who is a juvenile makes better food, really. The pancakes were dry, overcooked. It had a decent size for the price ($12). The milk ($4) temperature felt like room temperature. My omelet ($15) was pretty normal. It took about 45 minutes to get it. Make sure you get ALL of the finer detail when you check-out. Because I did not use my &quot;Players&quot; card, my room was not comp'ed. I was suppose to spend a minimum of $100 for this, THEY DID NOT TELL ME and would not credit my bill. Oh, .and the Poker room does not count. I went and used my player’s card and met the minimum requirement, but still no satisfaction. I would suggest anyone staying anywhere else than Ceaser's Palace. Please do not go through this experience that I went through. We work hard for our money and they should too. Vegas is hurting for consumers like us to spend. I don't mind spending, but treat me like you would expect to be treated at the Mecca of gambling. I plan on writing them a letter and telling all what happened to me.	
Jun 13 2009 	A bit of ancient rome in the middle of Vegas	Once again it was time for me to head out to Vegas for a little relaxation and for this trip I chose to stay at Caesars Palace due to the fabulous rate I received for the Memorial Day holiday weekend. I wasn’t expecting it to be too crowded due to all the economic reviews I’ve been hearing, but I was sorely mistaken. Valet parking was PACKED when I arrived at 10PM and it was closed to all but Diamond and Seven Star members. I remembered there was valet parking in back by the parking garage and headed back there. No crowds and I zipped right in. The downside is the long walk to registration.When I arrived at the front desk there were only a couple of people ahead of me and it gave me time to figure out if I wanted to give the $20 “bribe” a shot. I was undecided and I always wonder if I’d come off looking like a fool. I waited till the last moment and decided the heck with it. The clerk was real friendly and he informed that as a Platinum member I could have stood in a quicker line (which actually wasn’t moving so quickly). As of April 1, 2009 I was no longer a Platinum member and had been busted back down to Gold due to my lack of gambling over the past 15 months. My online Harrah’s account has me listed as a Gold member, but my reservation had me pegged as a Platinum member – go figure &lt;shrug&gt;. It all worked to my benefit because he upgraded me to the 25th floor in the Palace Tower. Granted it’s NOT the nicest tower, but it was close to the pool and I had a half-way decent view of the strip. The walk to the Palace Tower from the front desk is a bit of a hike, but it’s not too horrible. I arrived at my room and was pleasantly surprised – the room had been recently updated (1+ year or so), decent sized, and the décor was modern with a touch of class. The room’s most unique feature is its dual marble bathroom, united by a walk-in shower and featuring an oversized spa tub. The room was clean upon my arrival and throughout my stay. The room came with the following amenities: LDC Television, bedside clock radio with CD player, &amp; MP-3 hook-up, Gilchrest &amp; Soames bath amenities, wet/dry mini bar, 2 waffle weave robes, and an in-room safe. One thing I did want to comment about was the great job the maids did in keeping everything clean because many of the hotel guests did their best to trash the place. Each day the hallway was spotless, but by the next morning people had trashed it. Garbage thrown on the floor, cigarette butts snubbed out on the wall and flicked to the floor, not to mention the amount of empty beer bottles tossed about. People, I realize you’re on vacation, but does that mean you have to act like a bunch of slobs???Off my soap box…As you can see from my pictures, there is a great deal of construction going on around the pool area which was a bit problemsome. I didn’t find the noise to be an issue, but the lack of chairs was a problem. I’m not sure if this is always an issue, but 15-20 minutes after the pool opened, all the chairs were taken. For the next few hours all you see are people walking around searching for a chair. During my stay, the hotel was extremely rigid in regards to when the pool opened. People were not allowed out into the pool area until 9:00 AM on the dot. Therefore, that meant people started forming a line at 8:30 AM. A word to the wise, forget about grabbing a towel right away. Go grab your chair and then head back to get a towel after most people have gone through the line or otherwise you’ll miss out on the prime real estate around the pool. Drink service was so so – I chose instead to walk up to the tiki bar and grab a brew rather than waiting for the waitress to come back around. The wait staff was working hard, they just couldn't keep up with all the demand.All in all I had a nice trip and would recommend Caesar’s Palace to many of my friends. It’s centrally located, nice pool area (when the construction is completed), nice restaurant and a large gaming area. Enjoy!!	
Jun 12 2009 	Avoid until Building works are completed	May/June 2009 - is was my 4th trip back to Las Vegas.. This hotel was really nice although a bit dated.. This hotel is going through lots of development and will be massive once complete. Towers are being built and this is causing lots of noise and debris to fly around, especially around the pool areas.. I have uploaded 2 pics. Pool 1 was closed a few days due to the windy weather. Pool 2 was open and we ended up getting covered in building debris and grit in mour eyes. I would not recommend staying here until the building works are completed. Once the building works are complete this will probably be one of the best value hotels to stay in the center of the strip..	
Jun 11 2009 	Caesars Palace has lost some appeal	We stayed in the deluxe towers. Very beautiful room with a full mini-bar, flat screen TV and a jumbo jet tub. The room had an ok view of the strip, but only from an angle not offering great views. The elevators to the towers were right in front of the pool entrance making it very convenient for swimming on the warm desert days. The next afternoon we visited Caesar’s Neptune Pool. The main pool offered a stunning circular wading area with many fountains. Unfortunately it was very windy and chilly so swimming was not called for. Another unfortunate event is the construction going on at Caesar’s. During the week they are rebuilding around the pool. During this time you will be deaf from the loud noises and expect to get flying debris in your eyes, hair, clothing and the numerous amount of it in the pool. So BEWARE! http://www.joreviews.com/travel/las-vegas-june-2009	
Jun 10 2009 	Caesars Palace is a great place to stay!	I can't beleive all the whiners expecting something for nothing i.e. upgrades. We've stayed at CP over 30 times, usually checking in at the airport, and have had very few minor problems. When we've had a problem it's been taken care of promptly. A propery the size of CP is going to have it's problems but we always make the best of it and always return!	
Jun 9 2009 	didnt want to leave	another great stay in las vegas. first time staying at caesars palace,stayed in the forum tower deluxe room. the room was very nice and clean would stay in the forum tower again. its location is perfect for the sports book and poker room, the pool is a little walk away but not too bad. the pool is still under construction, three pools are open and no problem getting a chair. we ate at the mesa grill one night, wow was that good, we had lamb chops and halibut.the staff was very helpful and friendly. we ate lunch at the buffet 44.00 for two thought this was a pretty good deal if you dont eat breakfast(slept in too much). went to the improv at harrahs, it was worth everypenny laughed all night. a great trip will be back !!!!!	
Jun 9 2009	Perfect Location	We stayed in the Augustus Tower, which is an easy uncomplicated walk from the Front Desk, and easy to get to the Strip. Th room itself was exactly as pictured on Caesars website. Cleaning staff was very good, and bellman service was prompt. Eat in the Casino food court, it has a good variety, and it's alot cheaper than the restaurants.Although Caesar's Palace is huge, once you get to know the layout, it is very easy to navigate around. My only complaint is that we had to wait until 5:00 pm for our room to be ready.	
Jun 8 2009 	Beautiful room great security and housekeeping!	We stayed on the 45th floor of the Forum tower from 5/27-6/1/09. Michael checked us in with no wait and was very nice. The room was very clean and housekeeping did a great job of keeping it this way during the whole stay. We noticed security walking our floor during the day and night which made us feel secure. The pools are the best in Vegas and the pool hostesses made sure the guests had lounge chairs. We are Diamond players with Harrahs and we frequent many of their properties throughout the U.S. but the room in the Forum tower is the best. We can't wait to come back to Caesars!	
Jun 3 2009 	Everything I thought it would be!	Stayed at Caesars Palace in April, booked through Expedia. The only glitch was room wasn't ready, so we stayed in Forum Towers, which was newly remodeled, beautiful rooms. Huge Roman walk-in shower with rainshower sprayer on ceiling AND on wall. Sleek flat screen tv and our luggage was brought up very quickly. Rooms kept immaculately clean, very comfortable bed and short distance from our room to elevators. Just walking around there was amazing and beautiful. Cheesecake Factory in Forum Shops is a must. I highly recommend Caesars Palace!	
Jun 3 2009 	excellent location  no free upgrade but did it anyway  view was grrreat	3RD TIME IN VEGAS , CHECK IN WAS GOOD , DECIDED TO UPGRADE AS 3 FEMALES NEED LOTS OF SPACE . THE VIEW OVER THE BELLAGIO FOUNTAINS WAS WORTH EVERY PENNY ! Facilities excellent . location of room (augustus tower great ) would recommend it , bit pricey but got everything we expected for the money. If you want to indulge yourself go to caesars ! vini vidi vici ! Even the president turned up for the night !Grand canyon tour a must do .	
Jun 3 2009	super stay	enjoyed my stay had a wonderful time staff really helpfull loved the hotel visit this place you will love it	
May 31 2009 	Great value.	This was our first trip to Vegas. We had booked into the Bellagio for a couple of nights but our room was next to a construction site and we didn't like being woken by jack hammers and noisy reversing vehiles at 5.30 am so decided to stay at Caesars. We got an excellent internet rate and an upgrade when we stayed for 3 nights, check in was prompt and check out easy - we even got to keep our room key as a keepsake. The room was nice and quiet and the only problem we had was finding our way to our room when we left the hotel, the place is enormous. Perhaps the idea is to keep you in the place which would be no hardship as there is so much to do and see. We didn't even get time to use the pools which looked very inviting.We would definately stay here again.VJ Perth Western Australia	
May 30 2009 	Fantastic - Part of Family History	I took my mom here. Check in was busy and she asked the floor manager what line should we stand in. Truth be told my grandfather used to gamble there every day. The staff knew him. We were upgraded to a suite. It was wonderful. The only downside is the walking and the buffet. However, we got a comp after explaining. Caesers Palace is Las Vegas and I love staying there. If you want to stay at Wynn or Encore expect &quot;pretty things&quot; but no value.	
May 30 2009	My stay at Caesar's Palace Las Vegs	CAesar's Palce may be big and Luxury hotel but they forgooten the simple things make people comung back. No shuttle service to other hotels and attractions. You have walk to Harrah's to get a shuttle. They give you directions to Harrah's but the long way to get there. 20 minute walk through the hotel forum shops. You only had to take a 7 minute walk through the main entrance. It seems they want to discourage you from leaving Caesar's. Buffet was a joke for breakfast for 2 at the buffet cost $38 when you can to the Flamingo for $21. I go to Vegas every 4 months. Was looking forward to my stay at Caesar's but was disappointed. If you are a average person go to Rio Suites they treat you great no matter what status you are in VIP,Rich or just an average person who want to have fun. Caesar' Palace SUCKS.Laverne	
May 28 2009 	Nice Place	I recently returned to Las Vegas for a business trip, and luckily stayed at Caesar's Palace. Check-in was quick, as I checked-in around 9 pm and there was not a line. The place is huge, so it took a bit to find the elevator bank leading to my room. I stayed in the Forum Tower and had a really nice room. It was pretty big, clean, had a large flat screen Sony TV in the bedroom and a tv built into the bathroom mirror. The A/C worked great, but I didn't have much of a view. I checked out around noon, and there was a 15 minute line. There are several dining options in the hotel. In particular, I ate at Mesa Grill which is reasonably priced and offers very good food. It is actually one of Bobby Flay's restaurants, and he is a renouned chef. Overall, I think this is a nice hotel. It may be a little for expensive than others, but it is worth the money if you want a nice room.	
May 26 2009	Avoid this hotel -- nothing but problems that the staff refuses to fix	I've been to Vegas hundreds of times. I've been going 2-4 times a year since I was a baby. This was the worst trip I've ever had, and it was all thanks to Caesar's Palace. My family had stayed there before about 4-5 years ago and we decided to stay there again this year b/c of a deal the hotel offered and b/c we wanted to take advantage of their nice pool area.We requested a room next to a family member's room. This was arranged months in advance, but when we got there we got moved from a room in the new, modern Augustus Tower to the completely out-dated, old-fashioned, poorly-furnished, horribly dark and dingy Roman Tower. They said our original room wasn't ready. When we complained we were told we had to pay for an upgrade even though they downgraded us without any notice at all! The room was facing another tower, the beds were smaller than any beds I slept in in European budget hotels (European hotels have smaller beds than American hotels, I have learned. Caesar's is the exception.) There was ZERO sunlight that entered the room, despite it being the beginning of a sunny, hot Vegas summer. There was only one light in the room and it took a lot of work to get it to function. The bathroom was remodeled, but only one of its 3 lights were functioning, making it very difficult to get ready in there. Everything was dirty, dark, and dingy. I should also mention at check-in that they said we had an envelope at another desk, but that desk said they didn't and treated us like we were crazy for asking. Two hours before checking out, we get a phone call that they had a gift card waiting for us. The gift card was for the hotel so we couldn't even use it! And it was a gift from a friend. What a waste!We tried getting out of the room and hanging out by the pool, but half the seats are reserved (pool guy told me you need to spend a half million before they can reserve seats for you). The pool chairs are all stacked in tight rows so you can't distance yourself from any other groups. This isn't a problem though since it's impossible to find any seats together. I got 4 seats b/c i went really early, but when I got out of the water I found that the pool guys had given my chairs to another group of people even though I had a beach bag, clothes, hats, magazines, and sunscreen covering them. Also, there was construction, and dust and debris got in the water and on my bathing suit. So now the room stunk and the pool stunk, so we went to the casino which was virtually empty. The lounges are all very dull and the only one that ever gets a crowd is the Shadow Bar. However, this may only be because it's so small 10 people constitute a crowd. There's no live music or any other kind of entertainment to enjoy while you drink or gamble. Also, the waitresses that worked the casino were very slow. I attribute this to the fact that they were understaffed and had to much ground to cover to work speedily and efficiently.The bellmen also were very slow. We waited over 30 min for one when we were checking out. They were severely understaffed, leading to delays and REALLY long lines at the bell desk.Also, don't expect extra towels, toiletries, or anything else because even if you request them and they say they'll send someone up they never do.Please avoid Caesar's Palace. It has gone down hill, the staff at the check-in/check-out desks are rude and unhelpful, and all the other areas of the hotel are understaffed. Instead, stay at Paris, Las Vegas. The rooms are much nicer, and if you don't get a remodeled room, the older rooms are a million times better than those at Caesar's.Caesar's will never see me or any of my friends and family again.	
May 22 2009 	We were very satisfied	My husband and I were in Las Vegas last weekend for the Buffet concert. We chose to stay at Caesars because we got a great price with US Airways through Costco. After reading other reviews I was prepared to do what I had to do to get an upgrade out of the Roman Tower. To my surprise our room was in the Palace Tower, which proved to a great location. Since it was so hot, we took advantage of the pool and this is the closest tower to the pool. Our room was clean, quiet and we had no problem with any employees. The location was perfect, as we were right across the street from Margaritavile and it was easy to get the monarail at the Flamingo.	
May 22 2009	Caesar's Palace Las Vegas May 2009	We had a mixed experience with Caesar's during a visit from May 9-13th. We were making out first trip to Caesars (we usually stay at MGM Grand) and were there to celebrate our 25th anniversary. I checked many postings here before we left and was concerned about the situation at the pool and the construction. They had two pools open but for our intents only one since the other was &quot;european&quot; (topless). The pool was very crowded since it was the only one for the hotel, but worse than that was the construction that surrounded the pool on 2 of 4 sides. The noise and unsightly view lowered the satisfaction of the pool time a great deal. It was just plain ugly to look at.In addition we were hoping for the nice upgrade offers that we had read about, especially in light of it being our anniversary. We had notified the hotel ahead of time of this fact. There were three couples in our party (all arriving seperately). One couple got a free upgrade with little effort at all (and no tip required). The second got an upgrade for $40 a night. We were offered an upgrade (with a tip) for $50 a night. We declined their offer. This left a bad taste in our mouth. The people working the casino were very nice for the most part, and the store employees were very nice and helpful. The front desk just took away all the good will of the others.We will not go back to Caesars. Next stop, either back to MGM or maybe try the Mirage. Caesar's, not so much......	
May 22 2009 	Enjoyed our stay here very much	This is now the third time that we have stayed in Caesars Palace so you can see that we do like it. I feel that I should now give feedback to counteract some of the negative comments that others have left (although I do not dispute that they received poor service.) We booked the room through an online booking agency and the voucher said that the room would be 'allocated on arrival'. When we arrived I asked how much it would cost for an upgrade as I wanted to stay in the Palace Tower (where we had stayed the last time). The receptionist said that the room we had been allocated was in that tower anyway! I felt that we got a fantastic deal - the room had 2 interconnecting bathrooms, was beautifully furnished and was spotlessly clean. The hotel is big and impersonal but so are many of the other hotels in Las Vegas. The situation in the middle of the strip is excellent and you are within walking distance of many of the other large hotels. We also toured around Arizona and for our last night returned to Las Vegas as we were flying out the following morning. This time I booked on the Caesars Palace website and got a deal for a hotel room and 2 tickets for Elton John. This time the room was in the newly refurbished Forum Tower and it was very nice as well, although I still prefer the Palace Tower. This room was convenient for the show as it is just across the Forum Casino from the theatre. Would I stay here again if I went to Las Vegas? Yes - I personally have always found it to be very good value with lovely accommodation. The only disappointment was that the swimming pools closed early so don't leave it too late if you want to go for a swim!!	
May 21 2009 	gone downhill. stay away	We stayed for 3 nights at Caesars. Having stayed there many times before and always had good service, it became clear that they have gone very far downhill. The room was filthy. The bedding was dirty, the couch full of stains and looked like it was 30 years old. The carpet wasn't even vacuumed. There was food and nuts laying on the carpet. The aircon was unbearably noisy. We switched room when I complained about the filth and aircon. The new room was marginally better, but the bedding and furniture was still dirty (I got extra blankets to sit on the couch as it looked terrible). Then it got worse. The aircon was blowing smoke into the room at night so it was like sleeping in a nightclub. The plumbing was leaking in the bathroom and getting worse. We called 3 times with no one coming to fix it after many promises. Eventually, I told housekeeping that we had to leave to a show but that they should sort it out as it was now running onto the carpet. They assured us they would sort it out asap. When we came back to the room about 4 hours later, the whole carpet was flooded and the outside corridor was also flooded. They did however fix the plumbing. They simply left towels on the carpet in the room which were by then sopping wet. They didn't bother to move us or even make the offer to move us. I mean come on, how can you leave the room looking like that when your plumbing is busted. We checked out the next day. When we complained - they apologised only when I asked for someone that was more senior but did nothing to make up for it. Never ever heard from them since although they requested all our details. There are much better hotels in Vegas for the same price. Generally, barring the chambermaids, the staff at the hotel were arrogant and very unhelpful. I travel a lot to some crappy places around the world and to be honest have never ever come across such bad service as at this hotel on this experience. This hotel has become an embarassment. Stay away.	
May 21 2009 	Great room amazing service	We stayed five nights in the Augustus Tower. The room was large, maid service prompt and the bathroom especially gorgeous. The best part, however, came after we left. We were just getting ready to board our plane when we discovered that we'd forgotten to pack stuff, mostly clothing, left in a nightstand, some of which would have been hard to replace. Called Caesar's minutes before takeoff, security immediately sent someone up to our room, confirmed to us that our stuff was safe and would be Fed Ex'd the same day. And it was. From the initial phone call, all this took place in a matter of four minutes as we boarded the plane. We're not high rollers, but with that kind of service, we felt like ones.	
May 20 2009 	DISAPPOINTED	A huge and magnificantly decorated property, but not the world-reknowned resort I was anticipating. The service and cleanliness were mediocre. All pools are open but construction continues overhead of two pools. The lounges around the topless pool were fantastic, but having to pay an entrance fee as a guest was not appreciated, and the loud hardcore rap music prevented relaxation. Finding our way around was a chore since no decent property map was provided and getting help was difficult. Not worth the weekend pricing, but a great deal for weeknights. Other resorts such as the Mirage or Venetian may actually provide a more pleasurable experience.	
May 19 2009 	Thoroughly enjoyed the experience!	Took advantage of a 4-night comp w/2 tix to see Elton John. Brought my 16-year old. Had a &quot;standard&quot; room upon check in. Paid to upgrade to Augustus tower for $60/night. Room itself was quite nice,clean, well appointed w/great view of Bellagio Fountains below. Would have been nicer if the windows were clean. Bathroom was swank, w/jacuzzi tub and TV. Kid loved that! The only faulty issue was w/the glass-walled shower. Water kept leaking at the bottom of the foundation, leave over an inch of water. Kid went skidding across the bathroom! Maintenance tried several times to fix, but the problem persisted throughout the stay. Asked for a fridge. After it didn't arrive 3 hours later, called back to cancel. Didn't see any point in paying for it. However, they brought one in the next day, comp'd. Had also called for dry-cleaning pickup that never arrived. Front desk staff very pleasant. Had a great meal at the Noodle Restaurant. However, if you dine at the cafe in the main lobby, don't go for the surf 'n turf as I had to send mine back. I've had leather shoes softer than the steak! Valet was fine until Friday, where it turned into a madhouse...and only Platinum Rewards members could use it then. Slots are not as loose as Flamingo's. Concert was frikkin AMAZING...with two of the best seats in the house! Returning to Vegas in July, but still on the fence about where to stay. Caesar's is a sure bet...but have thought about trying out the other Harrah properties.	
May 19 2009 	Gone down hill	I have stayed here several times before and have always felt it was about average for what they charge. It is an older property so its age is evident in many places. This time was one disaster after another. First we reserved this six months in advance as I was a speaker at a conference being held in the hotel. They immediatly charged my room when we placed the reservation as I recieved a receipt--that was alittle strange since normally it is a reservation and not a room purchase. Any way, several months later my bookkeeper notifies me we have another charge for the same room. They had charged twice. I had my staff get with them and finally we were ablke to get a credit issued before I arrived at the hotel. I had a long drive from a client location in California to Las Vegas so I get in at 10. My staff had reassured me it was a non-smoking king which is what they always order. After going through the pain of crossing through the casino to register (what a hassle but normal in these hotels) I get my key and we head back across the casino to the room in one of the towers. As soon as I open the room I could smell the stench of cigarette smoke. We wlak in and it looks like someone had laid on the bed and there were three cigarette butts in an ash tray. We were in a smoking room that was dirty (someone had removed all the amenities in the bathroom) so they must have come up after the room was cleaned and conducted their business on the phone while chain smoking and took all the amenities on their way out. We called the front desk. We were placed on hold for the longest period of time. They told us they would have someone look into it and call us back. Half an hour later we are still sitting in that stinking room. We call again--and again placed on hold. Finally we are able to speak to a human and they said they had no more available non-smoking rooms. We insisted. They finally found one in a different tower. They instructed us to meet someone over there. When we arrived we were surprised that the guard arrived only minutes after we did since we had expected to wait forever. He said he could let us in but had no keys for us and told us we would have to go all the way back to the front desk to get our keys. What a disappointment but it was now becoming par for this experience. We head into our room which was clean. We wanted to order two ice teas and a piece of cake since we had now been there for an hour. When we called, room service told us it would be another hour before they could have the two teas and piece of cake delivered--see a pattern here. It finally showed up and we got to bed around moidnight with the hopes the next day would be better. I called my staff the next day and told them of the situation and fiasco. My travel coordinator told me he was on the phone with the management and they would send up two keys. I decied to order room service. I was told it would take an hour and a half. Surprised??? Now what--do I wait a long time for my meal or a long time for my keys to be delivered. Finally my coordinator was able to reach someone at Caesars that seemed to care. They gave me a complaint number to dial. She apologized and comped the room. I stressed the poor service and slow service as a systemic issue. Apparently the slow room service is a staffing issue but I believe it, along with the other issues here, reflects poorly on Caesars Palace..	
May 19 2009	Not cheap but worth it	Huge, huge, huge! Everything is big! the hotel is really nice and my room was big and super comfortable with a jacuzzi, overlooking the strip. It wasn't cheap but for one night it's perfect!	
May 17 2009 	perfect again	I recently spent eight days at Caesars. Everything was perfect from the room which overlooked the Bellagio fountains to the service from all aspects of the resort. The Qua spa was wonderful, as were all meals from the restaurant to room service. Cher put on an incredible show. The pools were great. Service inside the casino was wonderful, never having to wait long for cocktail service. My advice to those who complain on this sight, try complaining to a casino host or management when you are physically at the resort. I have stayed at all the major resorts on the strip and Caesars is still the best.	
May 16 2009 	Bring your walking shoes!	First stay at Caesars' and the only real complaint was the long walks we had and the price of the food.Check in/out was seamless, room was as booked in the Forum Tower. The room was clean with all the amenities as described on the web site. Plasma TV, electronic drapes, TV in the mirror of the bathroom, very comfy bed and high quality linens and more!Housekeeping was very good.The cost of food, even the food court food was expensive. No evening buffet but that is Probably okay because the breakfast and lunch was over priced I thought. We ended up crossing over to Harrahs for our meals. (Not a short hike)Be prepared to walk! The floor plan was confusing. No real short or direct walks from the Forum tower room to the other parts of the property, especially the front of the hotel. Crossing the street was not as easy as it would appear.The Forum shops were very close to the room.A lot of club goers lined up at the clubs each night making it a lively atmosphere.Except for the costly food and the lonnnng walks I liked the resort.	
May 15 2009 	Disappointed	I've stayed at Caesar's before and I've always had a decent experience, at least no memorable complaints. A group of 14 of us stayed there last month for a bachelorette party and we just could not believe the terrible service we received. To preface--the bachelorette's mother did the booking and is a regular Caesar's visitor. Upon check-in (at the player's club VIP check-in nonetheless) she was told they were completely booked and the 3 rooms for our party (mom and friend had their own) would be spread out on several floors, unacceptable for a reservation made weeks before. An hour later (at 11p) they finally figured out they could get us a suite in the older tower with 3 rooms adjoining. However the adjoining rooms only had 1 king bed each so we needed 4-5 rollaways to sleep the remaining girls (12 total). Fine, actually it was quite nice when we got there, if a little cheesy. It was definitely older but it had a bar setup and extra bathrooms, which was great for the number of females in close quarters. We were easily satisfied and got to partying. None of the keys worked for the adjoining rooms (the suite itself was really just a massive living room/bar, no beds).A while later &quot;Charles&quot; showed up with our rollaways, 2 of them! We told him we needed several more, AND we needed someone to open up the adjoining rooms. He was very rude, told us he couldn't bring more and couldn't open the rooms. Mind you we'd been there over an hour already and had made the call for service right when we got there. After some coaxing we got him to bring a few more rollaways and open the rooms, when one of our nicer friends went to thank him--was actually even going to tip him after that service!--he walked off in a huff and say &quot;yeah whatever&quot;. That was probably the worst of the service we got all weekend, but it was within several hours of arrival so we were even more keen to the crappy stuff that went on the rest of the weekend.Our room was never cleaned unless we asked--we literally had to ask for them to bring up more toilet paper after no one showed up to the room for the first 36 hours and the bathrooms/rooms/suite itself were never actually cleaned, just new towels and toiletries brought. They never got rid of the room service carts, at one point we wheeled out a dirty cart into the hall because we didn't want to see/smell the old food anymore and it sat in the hall in front of our door for 24 hours! Oh, and I had a burnt/tasteless burger at Augustus Cafe that was one of the worst burgers I've ever had, let alone it was $18! I am far from a food complainer, I eat everything and it's especially hard to screw up a burger but it was literally flavorless meat, charred to a crisp (the edges were actually shriveled hard and black).One highlight, we got the BEST server ever at the sushi place, Hyakumi, on our last dinner. She remembered everyone's name in a party of 10, was super helpful, sweet and attentive. We wrote her a glowing comment card (and big tip) but when we asked to speak to the manager to tell her how amazing our server was, she said she was busy and would be right with us...and continued to walk back and forth in front of us several more times saying &quot;just a minute&quot;, we finally just left after we realized she probably wasn't going to stop. Maybe if the managerial staff at Caesar's spent just a little more time praising good work, the staff would have more motivation to actually BE good.Overall, I know our collective bad experiences were probably just unfortunate conicidences judging by all the other comments--and like I said I've stayed before and they were pretty okay (I'm really not just a complainer, I mainly just write good reviews on here). But for the price you pay, and all the other great choices in Vegas, you would hope they would go that extra mile.	
May 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel + free Upgrade!	Ceasar's Palace: We were there on a comped room, however, we simply asked the person at check-in if there was an opportunity to upgrade and we were upgraded for free to a suite in the forum towers on the 68th floor - very nice room and bathroom, only problem, is there is no window - where there should be a window was a mirror....weird...but we got used to it! I absolutlely loved CP, I typically stay at the palazzo or venetian when i travel to LV for work, but I would def stay at CP again. Also very good food choices here as well.. The pool area is under construction, but the main pool is open and the sign said construction would be completed in summer 2009 - not sure if that will be on track or not. We did have to arrive at the pool at 9am when it opened to reserve chairs, after reserving our chairs we grabbed breakfast and returned to the pool.Night Clubs: We went to PURE, Poetry, and the Christian Audieger club at TI while we were there, we got tons of passes for other places, but were really worn out after the pool, sightseeing, etc each day.Buffets: We went to the TI buffet one night and to the Mirage another night - I like the Mirage the best, but discovered that I really don't eat enough food to make the buffet worth my $$. The best meal I had was a late night meal at Augustus Cafe in CP - steak and crab legs for $28 bucks - just enough.La Reve: Absolutely loved it. Was not sold out at all. We sat in the splash zone and would do it again - maybe about 10 water drops hit us. was great to make eye contact with the performers. I have seen O and Love as well. I like O better, but La Reve was definitely worth seeing as well.Slots: I hit for $300 on the Reel Winners penny slot in CP and also saw someone hit for $2500 on a penny slot in CP - not much luck other than that, a few bucks here and there with black jack...Wax Musuem - visited this for the 1st time and was really impressed. also they had a 1/2 off admission for mom's on mother's day, i thought that was nice. great photo ops with the celebs!	
May 13 2009 	GREAT	My husband and I stayed at Caesars from 4/26 to 5/1/09 and renewed our 25th wedding vows in the Garden. Melissa the wedding planner was outstanding, the salon and spa, meeet my expatations. We have stayed at numerous Harrah's property and have not been disapointed with any except the IP. We had another couple who came with us and just loved Caesars. The trip was out of this world. I recommend Caesars to all.	
May 12 2009 	Fell short	We stayed here for 7 nights in May. We found the location was good and central and the rooms were very nice. The bathroom is to die for. We found it a bit dirty in the bathroom upon arrival. For service we found the cleaning staffer who we had very very good and accommodating. We found it was a toss up elsewhere on the staff you got. Be careful on checking in about upgrading your room; we were told our requests were not available unless we upgraded. We went back to a different person and she said it was available with no upgrade. Some wait staff were excellent like on our last day at Augustus but we were there at a different time on Tuesday and we found him rude. We found the bell staff and valet service very good. Overall I think Caesar's is beautiful but I think that the service should be consistent throughout the hotel.	
May 12 2009 	wonderful everytime we stay here	Ceasers is the best hotel in vegas.we haved stayed several different places and Ceasers is by far the best.staff great.restraunts great.the only bad dining experiance we have ever had is at Raos.We have been here three times in the last year and it gets better every time we go.	
May 11 2009 	Caesars is average	Stayed in Caesars, found it great location but quite tacky compared to the Bellagio which we stayed in afterwards. The rooms were ok, pool was being extended so we had a view of the bulding work and the tiny pool (as most of the grounds were blocked off for the building). Caesars Shops were excellent and great location for the Bellagio and the Venitian so plenty to do. It was good but if you can afford it, choose the Bellagio over it anytime!.	
May 9 2009 	great trip	stayed from april 30 to may 5. We had a nice room in the augustus tower with king bed and hot tub double sinks and a great view of the belliago fountains ballys and planet hollywood.Room was comped and very clean, maid service was excellent and we won about five thousand on dollar video poker. We would stay here again in a heart beat	
May 2 2009 	Good Hotel be prepared to walk	This is a huge complex. Be ready to walk. It takes 10 minutes just to walk from the froint desk to your room! Nice pool, good mix of food options. It is in the middle of the strip, so you can access other properties fairly easily. Nice rooms (ours had a jacuzzi), big bathrooms, nice rooms. Never went to the casino, or went to a show here. Staff is OK, but they get a workout with people asking questions.	
May 1 2009 	GOOD BUT NOT GREAT	Stayed at Caesars for our 25th wedding anniversary. Stayed 10 nights. Our 3rd visit to VEGASWeather was fab &amp; we did spend a few hours each day by the pool. Plenty of sunbeds but gets very busy &amp; people wander off &amp; leave towels on the sunbeds instead of putting them in the towel drop bins. The pool hosts do a good job of tidying up though &amp; a few mins wait you can get a bed. Lots of construction going on round the pool.Booked through Expidia who were brilliant, great price &amp; Nectar points too &amp; 40$ resort credit on arrival too ! We upgraded our room on arrival at a huge discount (or so they say) as we had been given some money at our anniversary party. Great room in the Palace tower, huge Jacuzzi bath. &amp; nice view. Had wanted to stay at The Bellagio but the price was beyond us.Bit dissapointed that despite us telling everyone at every oppertunity it was our 25th anniversary got no special treatment, didn't feel special &amp; wanted to.The disadvantage of staying at a BIG hotel is that you are just a room number it is all very impersonal. We have stayed at a smaller hotel off strip 4 yrs ago &amp; it was much nicer really. Definatly save our money &amp; go for a smaller one next time.We saved loads of money on shows by looking at the discount booths &amp; taking time to look at the money off vouchers in free booklets everywhere saw 7 shows !Time share touts are everywhere, but we went on one &amp; got 2 free show tickects &amp; 2 buffet tickets too worth well over $100 &amp; breakfast at the info morning which only lasted 90 mins &amp; was very interesting...... NO WE DID NOT BUY !Make sure you take a kettle &amp; tea stuff if like us you like a morning cuppa &amp; ask for a fridge in the room to keep your water etc cold no charge for this.Had a parcel delivered to us during our stay &amp; they charged us $5 for the privalage !The worst bit was walking through the clouds of smoke as they still can smoke indoors in Vegas. Though the hotel is kept very clean &amp; staff get you anything you need quickley with no fuss.Did a sky dive &amp; hrose riding through the red rock canyon both very good days out.	
Apr 26 2009 	Terrible place for business and exercise	I came here for business. I care nothing for the casino or the shows.Caesars Palace has very few of the amenities you would normally see in a business hotel.1. There is no desk or table in the room to work from.2. There is no in-room coffee.3. The gym is only open from 6 am to 8 pm. My conference lasts roughly from 8 am to 6 pm every day. After the conference, you have to traverse the enromous hotel to your room, change clothes, then traverse it again to go to the gym. Then you're lucky if you have an hour. The hours are simply not long enough.4. You have to pay $25 per day to use the gym. My company does not compensate me for using the gym. At any other hotel, the gym would be included in the enormous cost of the hotel. Not here.Bottom line is, the rooms are big and beautiful with big beautiful bathrooms, but they cost way more than I would ever spend if the company were not paying for it. I would prefer to have a room and bathroom 1/2 the size, include coffee, include a gym (included in the cost), with hours of say, 5 am to 10 pm or midnight.The food is ridiculously expensive, especially in this ecnomy.If you are thinking about this hotel in Vegas, for your conference, don't. It costs way too much, and your employee will constantly wish she was home.	
Apr 26 2009 	Amazing HOTEL	I cannot say enough about the friendly staff and cleanliness of the hotel. This was my first time staying here as I found an amazing deal on Expedia. I went for 2 nights with 6 of my friends. We had originally booked a room in the FORUM tower, but upon check in I asked if there were any upgrades available, and for $70 per night we were able to get an upgraded room in the AUGUSTUS tower with a jacuzzi bath, 600 square foot, with a view of the Bellagio fountains. It was definitely worth it! One down fall was that the pool area was being renovated and there was some construction, so some styrofoam was flying around. Besides that, upon check in they said our room would be ready in an hour and that they would text me when it was done. They never did this, so we waited three hours to get into our room, which I was not happy about. However, I did ask if they could do something for the inconveneince so they gave me a 25 dollar credit to use at the hotel. I thought that was nice. Overall, amazing hotel, and would definitely reccommend it! It has a great prime location and amazing pool area! They are planning on opening the two other pools in June, so that will make it even better!	
Apr 26 2009 	Great hotel experience!!!	We stayed at Caesars 4/12-4/16/09 and it was great. Tried the 20.00 trick to upgrade to the Augustus or Palace towers and the clerk gave me back the 20.00 and said it was not necessary she would take care of it. She gave us a room in the Augustus Tower that was fabulous. We checked out the room and then went out to gamble some and when we came back there was a box and note in front of our room door. I had mentioned that we were celebrating by birthday at the end of the month and she sent up a note saying Happy Birthday from Caesars and a leather luggage tag and matching key chain. The service was wonderful and we totally enjoyed Caesar's.	
Apr 23 2009 	great vegas hotel!	Stayed at Ceasers with my wife for 3 days in July 2008 and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was our first time in Vegas ( from Australia) so it was important to be close to the action and Ceasers is! Its location is very central and convenient and the hotel itself was awesome although the staff did let it down on 1 ocassion. Our only regret was that we didnt stay longer but we WILL be back and when we are we will be back at Ceasers for sure.	
Apr 22 2009 	it was the best stay ever !!!!	i really enjoyed my stay at the palace my boyfriend and i stayed from march 9 tilmarch 13.. the room was clean and there was always something to do insideceasars's.. i really enjoyed the club &quot;pure&quot;.. and the food was just as great !!!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Our wedding	We chose to get married at Casears Palace as we loved it so much the first time we stayed there. We got married in the Venus Garden outside, with the weather over there always sunny it's so worth it. Our Wedding Co-ordinator was Melissa and she was excellent. We also arrange our wedding reception in one of the ballrooms as we had 32 members of family joining us. The room looked fantastic and the staff on the night were great. Whilst arranging everything their communication was excellent even with the time difference, they were excellent with emails and replied to my queries within 24 hours. This made everything so much easier. If you forget to do something then they just take care of it for you.The photographer was excellent, professional and friendly.I would definatley recommend getting married at Casears Palace. 10/10	
Apr 18 2009 	As close to perfect as one could get	I checked into Caesars Palace on 4/12 and was staying comped till 4/17 .Years ago I used to be a gambler at Harrah's in Atlantic City so Caesars was willing to give me 5 free nights. I arrived at 10am and the gold card holders line was already filled with people checking in. I stood in line for about 10 min. A young woman checked me in. I mentioned that I was willing to pay extra for an upgrade. She explained that she could give me a Deluxe room in the Augustine tower for $50 a night extra. I kindly asked what was available for $100 a night. She said she could put me into a 1050 sq ft Royal Suite in the Forum tower. The room was fantastic. It was perfect for me, my wife, and me grandson. We all felt relaxed and comfortable, and the best part was we never got on each others nerves. The room had two minor problems. The LCD TV in the bathroom did not work, and I seemed to have gotten a bad rash on my feet, hands, and elbows from Caesars bedsheets. I think its the detergent that they use. For restaurants I recommend the Plam. I felt it was inexpensive for the quality food we ate.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great place to stay!	We stayed at Caesars for three nights, April 11-14 and had a very enjoyable stay. They let us check in early and our room was very clean - the view wasn't great, but oh well. Caesar's is in a great location right in the center of the strip and we found that we were able to get wherever we needed to go easily. I also thought the service was great, our last night there this crazy couple in the next room started arguing very loudly at like 1 a.m. I called the front desk and within 5 minutes they sent someone up to the room to shush them. One thing I will say is that everything is SUPER expensive, but this isn't unique to Caesar's - I think everything in Vegas is that way. Two large mojitos by the pool cost us like $38! But it seemed like this was the case everywhere.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great stay!	Just returned from a 5 night stay in Vegas, at Caesars. I was there with 7 other family members; celebrating a birthday and a marriage. We arrived late in the evening and were upgraded to rooms in the Palace Tower; twin bathrooms and a jacuzzi, as well as lots and lots of space. My sis and her bf were also upgraded, depsite having checked in a few hours earlier. Coming from the UK, the amount of space in the room was fantastic, as you have to pay through the nose here for good sized rooms. We were very happy with the hotel. We did the breakfast buffet one morning and were very impressed. My husband and I also ate at the Noodle 9 restaurant and were impressed with the food. The Paysard cafe was very nice, perhaps a little pricier than it should have been. All staff were very friendly and we had a great time. Would definitely recommend Casears and would stay there again!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Stay As Always!	We stayed at Caesar's for three days, Thursday through Sunday. It was busy, as it was a holiday weekend, but even so we had a great stay. We were upgraded to Augutus Tower rooms, which were fantastic, and the staff was courteous and attentive. From the bell desk to the valets, everyone was friendly, helpful, and made our trip a memorable one.The mid-Strip location is amazing. It's tough to be in a better spot if you want to be right in the middle of the action. My only knock against Caesar's is that everything on the property is expensive, but this is true of most of the big megaresorts on the Strip. Get water, coffee, snacks, etc, outside of the resort to keep costs down. Even using the ATMs at Caesar's costs $5, so be prepared.Overall, I have to say that this is one of my favourite Vegas properties and I won't hesitate to stay there in the future.	
Apr 12 2009 	Another great stay at Caesars	My wife and I with another couple stayed from April 8th to the 11th. and it was another fantastic time. We didn't arrive till around 930p and no more than a 10 minute wait to check-in. Even though our rooms were already comped, we were upgraded to a Palace Tower room which was nice. Since we aren't in the room very much, my wife and i didn't care how big or small or what view we had.Was happy that we had quick and easy access to the pool. Despite the changes and construction we were very happy that the pools were even open. Only negative was that despite the 75 degree and sunny day the pool closed at 5p and had last call at 4p. Another negative that we discovered was that most restaurants that we found were closed from 1000a to 1100a. We tried 5 or 6 in the area and couldn't get a meal. So if you want to eat get in before 10 or just wait till after 11.The gambling was successful. Enjoyed most if not all of the dealers, who seemed very professional. They even tried to help some very green blackjack players who were destoying our table with bad plays, knowing that it was costing us money. Overall, we had another great time in Vegas and hope to return sometime soon.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Stay!! Lots of Fun!!!	My wife and I stayed here from Sunday April 5th- Thursday April 9th. We had 4 nights comped in a Forum Tower room. When we arrived at 805am, there was no line at the front desk. I asked how early can we check in? They said if we have a room now we can have it. They had a room and an upgrade too, we were placed in the Palace Tower on the 6th Floor. It over looked a roof and we could see The Mirage, TI and The Venetian. Not too bad!! Our room had a jacuzzi in it which we used once. The room was quiet and very nice. The only issue we had was a minor one, we asked to check out at 130 and all they could do was 1pm. So we had our bags by the Video Poker machines for a half hour, while we played. We tried the Cafe Lago Buffet for breakfast and we were disappointed. We also ate at the Cypress Market food court a few times which had a nice selection of food. We tried Serendipity 3 and got some late night snacks. We had a great stay. We would love to do it again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Nice hotel... horrendous service!"	As lovely as the Palace is, it is not very organized. Family sent UPS/FedEx shipments to me at great cost - only for the items to linger in Caesar's mailroom for days. In fact, nothing was delivered until I made inquiries. And inquiries my family submitted (to keep the shipments a surprise from me), were directed to the mailroom and ignored. Very disappointing, and certainly put a damper on my trip!	
Apr 9 2009 	More than I expected!	This was our first trip to Vegas and I have no significant complaints. The hotel was amazing. The first night we arrived we could not get the free upgrade offer and the room we were in was not very nice however they guaranteed us the upgrade for the rest of our stay. The next morning we went to the lobby and we were given our upgrade without any problems. Yes, it is expensive to eat or buy a coffee in the morning however I went to Vegas knowing this so I refuse to complain. The only bad experience was the last night of our stay we decided to eat at the Augustus Cafe and we were seated by the hostess and given menus, our beverages were served by the bus boy, 4 tables came in afte us, had their order taken and we were still sitting there. We decided to get up and walk out. Other than that our trip was terrific and am looking forward to returning next year and staying at this hotel!	
Apr 8 2009 	We lived like rockstars	My friends and I stayed March16-20 for our spring break. We are all 21 and love to gamble. We booked our room through travelocity for a very good package flight and room combo price. Upon arrival we were told our room would be ready in aobut 30 minutes so we decided to gamble a bit so we checked our bags and headed off to the casino. About an hour later we returned to get our keys and were told the emperors suite was available in the Forum tower if we were interested. For and extra $400 a night we decided to do this and we got way more than we expected. Our room that we were paying about 600 a night for usually sold for 5000 a night and was two and a half stories and had an absolutely amazing view. I have read that the suite is about 4500 sq. ft. Why they decided to let four college kids stay in this amazing high rollar suite is beyond me but I can truly say we had the trip of a lifetime. We had 6 plasma tv's, about 8 couches and an amazing stereo system that was hooked up throughout the suite and could be operated from one of the 3 remotes throughout the suite. We ate at several of the restaurants throughout the property, I might reccomend spago as a great lunch palce and guy savoy for dinner. The shadow bar was a cool place to get a drink as well. The dealers were pretty nice for the most part and I only caught one dealer making a mistake which i notified the pitt boss and the situation was taken care of. The forum shoppes are very nice and their is a very classy cigar bar Casa Fuente that had a nice humidor and beautiful ladies to serve you drinks. The blackjack odds are not great but they are the same as most strip hotels on their single deck game. I still managed to win a little over $4000 so I cannot complain. I was not impressed with the buffet but every other dining venue was amazing. The only other complaint I had was the checkout line was long but I just tipped the concierge $20 and he took care of my check out with no wait. I am a hospitality major and am going to graduate school for hospitality administration at UNLV and I can say that Caesars truly practices what my professors preach when it comes to customer service. I had a great trip and my only complaint is that I didnt sleep in my amazing bed more than 5 hours in the 5 days I was there. I cannot wait for my next trip to Caesars.	
Apr 7 2009 	Excellent from Beginning to End	Stayed at Caesars palace for two nights 4/1-4/3 on comps. We booked a room in the Forum tower based on the reviews here. Check-in at 7pm was a breeze, no lines at all. And Yes, the $20 upgrade trick worked. We were upgraded to the Executive Suite in the Palace Tower. This room was huge. It had 2 bathrooms, a living room, and the bedroom had a sitting area. A television was also in the bathroom mirror. 2 flat screen tvs. We had no compliants other than there was not a view from our room. Went to the pool and encountered tons of construction. There are no heated pools but the lifeguard told us that the new pools will be heated. Great stay	
Apr 6 2009 	Amazing stay at Caesars!!!	Caesars Palace is just sheer elengance and glamour, from the pools to The Colosseum, amazing. We stayed in the Palace Tower Duluex Room which was ver nice room with an over-sized shoer to sinks, a gold toilet and a jacuzza. We had a good view of the Strip, which was facing North Las Vegas Blvd.) We also had a great view of The Colosseum. We also went to Cher, was was fantastic my 15 year old son is a big fan, it was really good but she had the &quot;Vegas&quot; throat when we went, but you should go its a great expierence I would reccomened this hotel to anyone who wants a taste of glamour when they are in Vegas. I am going again this year and staying at Caesars Palace and see one of my sons idols Bette Midler!	
Apr 4 2009	They don't tell you this	My experience at Ceasers was not horrible, but we asked for a non-smoking room, which in most hotels is on a non-smoking floor. Apparently, this is not the case at Ceasers. We could smell cigarette smoke in our room...not stale, left-over, from a previous guest smoke, but like next door smoke coming through the vent or something. There are four boxes sitting on the dresser: chips, peanuts, cashews, poppycock and a Romance Package. There is no visible sign telling you this--the bellhop didn't tell us this--the front desk didn't tell us this--nor did the group we were with told us this, but if you even remove any of these boxes, you are charged for it. How do they know? There are sensors under them. Luckily, we called to find out what the deal was and if we were in fact charged for the things we touched, but didn't use. You have 30 seconds to look at it and put it back before you are charged. A small, single serve bag of Poppycock, nicely packaged in a fancy box was $10. Outrageous are the prices of this hotel! You pay big money for the rooms, which are nice, and then are so strengent about every little thing. There is no coffee pot in the room and if you use room service, be prepared to pay by the pot; $20. Don't order a soft drink, it's $4, but in the machine you can get it for $2.50. I wasn't impressed with the Shops at the Forum compared to the ones in some of the other hotel shops. I brought my computer so I could go online and research transportation and shows, etc. I could only get online with the hotel WiFi for $15. WIth the prices of everything else, they should provide this. Also, the ironing board stunk! No padding and very hard to iron on. They have a swimming pool, but there was so much construction, the jack hammers made laying by the pool impossible. I probably wouldn't stay here again.	
Apr 2 2009 	caesars was sheer elegance	caesars is a 10 star hotel,staff all round were superb.great roomsask for upgrade wen u book in,a 20 dollar tip is worthwhile for upgradeamericans were extremely helpful and so politeloved it	
Apr 2 2009 	What a disappointment.	I was shocked about how bad my experience was at this hotel. I was really looking forward to staying and playing here for the weekend. Some of my friends were staying at other hotels. I thought that this hotel would be much more fun and comforable for everyone to gamble and hang out at. I was so wrong. We all felt very uncomfortable and scared with the crowd hanging out in the casino. I am sure that there was security all over the hotel but visible security, no where to be found. When entering the women's restroom, I was embarassed thinking I entered the men's mistakenly. That was not the case. There was a group of guy's in the women's restroom hitting on girls. Yes, hitting on girls in the restroom. When I made a comment about them being in the restroom they responded to me that the men's restroom was broken. These were loud and huge ghetto looking guys. The only thing that may have helped calm me down was the contact high I got from them. I was so uncomfortable that I did not stay any longer to play at this hotel. What was even more disappointing about my stay was that I paid to upgrade my room. I wish that I could have had something positive to report on my hotel stay. I did stay at another Harrah's property which I had a good experience at.	
Apr 1 2009 	RUINED my 7 Stars Annual Trip!	The room was great; the location is great. A couple of the restaurants where we ate were good. BUT . . . I will NEVER stay at Caesar's again based on the experiences we had with the executive host, Total Rewards, 7 stars registration - etc. The people are condescending, inexperienced and/or uninformed. Their collective attitudes and lack of service ruined this whole trip. It is now 3 days later -- I'm at home -- and we're still trying to get my account corrected. NEVER AGAIN WILL I STAY AT CAESARS.	
Mar 31 2009 	Poor service - unfortunate	Location is central though the sheer length of the Strip and the frequent construction/road works/congestion on Las Vegas Blvd means it might not necessarily help much - you should buffer ample time to drive out of the Strip or to other resorts towards the ends of the Strip (for shows that start on time). Rooms are decent but probably overrated. We were told ours would be a 'nice room' for honeymooners in the recently refurbished Forum Tower - while it is well-maintained and modernly furnished it had a poor blocked view and nothing to shout about. You would probably have to upgrade to get a themed room. The show stopper here is really the very curt service and indifferent staff who will not hesitate to say no and treat you like yet another guest passing through. Calls to guest relations/housekeeping/room service took 3-5min before they were answered; check-in/out queues were long and processed by unfriendly staff; and more often than not deliveries to the room took longer than half an hour, once never arriving despite repeated, futile reminder calls. The person on the line even said it was barely 3min since our last call (it was more like 10-15min) and promised that the shower cap requested would arrive if we waited - which did not happen! In the end my wife waited over an hour for nothing and that really ate into our rest time. The feeling came close to silent suffering..! I would guess that the hotel might be understaffed/overworked... Apart from the iconic theme and decor around the hotel, we have to give a thumbs-down - this is arguably the worst out of the 4 hotels we stayed in over the course of our holiday. Come with no expectations, or prepare to be badly disappointed.	
Mar 29 2009 	A ghost of its past	Coasting on a very yesteryear Las Vegas reputation, this now soulless edifice is like a ride at Disneyland that's had its day. Though the rooms are clean and comfortable provided one stays in only one of three towers Augustus,Palace or Forum (forget the rest-they are junk rooms) this once great casino is ludicrously overpriced for every little thing. ($14.95 for internet service for 24 hours, room charge of $8 for a slice of toast and a cup of coffee plus a $5.00 room charge plus 18% gratuity...etc) It is now only worth a quick walk through to ogle at the over the top excesses in decoration. Restaurants on the whole have become mediocre with only perhaps Bradley Ogden as the lone standout. Guy Savoy has a restaurant there where the set menu is $290.00 per person which in this economy sounds a tad over the top. Forget playing there as every machine and table game is outfitted with terrible odds stacked against you. In its day Caesar's Palace had charm in its gaudiness and its atmosphere was exciting. Now it is just aggressively tacky. As an example I wanted to purchase a local newspaper in one of the gift shops only to be told that none carry the local paper anymore. When I asked why, the lady behind the counter told me she had heard that management didn't want their customers to read about the much better and more reasonable offers that were to be had elsewhere in terms of food and entertainment. One can get a much better experience for the same or less money on the strip at Wynn's,The Venetian or the Palazzo where true luxury reigns as opposed to the ersatz luxury of Caesar's Palace.	
Mar 28 2009 	We would stay here again	We booked a 3 night stay from Tuesday to Friday, between March Madness games. We were able to get an amazing rate using a promo code tip from the Fatwallet forums at $75 a night for a Classic Room. I had read plenty of reviews saying that these rooms were horrible, but we never found out. We asked for an upgrade at the desk, received a Palace Tower room at no extra charge and tipped the clerk $20! The Palace Tower room was great for us, lots of space to spread out, which is a real luxury compared to your standard hotel rooms. The bathroom had two sinks, a separate shower and a jetted tub. Even though the elevators for this room seem to be a mile away from the strip, it was nice to step off the elevator and be right at the pool area.We lounged by the pool 3 of the 4 days we were there. Lots of construction going on, but definitely a nice pool area. My only complaint may be that the drink and food service poolside was spotty at best...there was only one girl working the pool....just too many people for one person to serve.We wandered the hotel and saw the casino area and all the shops, which was impressive, but I can shop at home and we are pretty low-rollers, so we gambled elsewhere. We joined the Players Club which got us two $20 meal vouchers for the buffet. We ate there for breakfast one morning. My husband thought it was amazing, I thought it was fine. I don't know if it would be my choice if we were paying for it, but for free it was great. Great location, centered on the strip. We would definitely stay here again, especially if we could get such a great rate again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Good stay - Reasonalble value	My wife and another couple all stayed at this hotel. We booked rooms with king sized beds and upon arrival there were no more rooms availble with king bed so we were all stuck with doubles which effected our comfort a little bit. We also found the room service to be slow and the service on the casino floor and lounges was lacking a bit. They did upgrade us from a classic room to suites at no cost which was nice and the rooms, although a little out of date, were kept clean. If I were to stay there again, I would phone ahead to be sure I get the accommodations I requested.	
Mar 26 2009	How can you do Vegas 	Hi everyone,I stayed at Caesars on the 19th March for three nights as part of a stag night (batchelor party) we had already upgraded to the Palace tower with our travel agent however I did tip the check in guy $20 and this worked in the fact that our room went from been ready in two hours to &quot;its ready now sir&quot;. Apart from been totally blown away by Vegas this hotel exceeded all our expectations. The staff were always polite, the place spotless and the location is fantastic. I cannot recommend this hotel enough, one thing I have decided is that I will be returning and I think that says it all! VIVA!By the way we flew with BMI from Manchester in economy, Never again, staff looked unapproachable, food &amp; drinks at a minimum frequency. Ive flown across the atlantic with Virgin, BA , First Choice &amp; My Travel and they are all far far better.If you get chance go on the helicopters to the grand canyon its an amazing trip!	
Mar 26 2009 	plush stay.	We stayed here for our honeymoon and the location and hotel itself were brilliant and could not be faulted. We had a room in the forum tower, which meant no views but a lovely, sleek, comfortable and affordable room. The one thing i will say is that currently, esp for british travellers, it is very very expensive in Las Vegas. For example a beer and vodka-lemonade cost us $17! in the hotel. We ate at the cypress market, Trevi restaurant and Susji Roku in the forum shops and enjoyed all of our meals- a little odd to be ordering a glass of wine rather than a bottle. All in all a fantastic stay.	
Mar 25 2009 	Amazing Rooms!	Beautiful rooms. The bathroom was larger than some hotel rooms I've stayed in. Personally I hate Las Vegas and only go there for business. But Caesar's does make the trip enjoyable. It's a great hotel and the rooms are amazing.	
Mar 23 2009 	NCAA March MADNEsss at Caesars	Check in was easy. Room available without waiting. Room was VERY NICE with a view of the fountains at Bellagio. Something to be seen at night. Caesars was crowded with March Madness people. Normal hotel service was good. Had dinner at Bejing Noodle company. Service was POOR at best. Food was good. Lunch at BObby Flays Mesa....AWESOME as ususal and the bartender EFREM is great. BEST MOJITOs in the planet.	
Mar 21 2009 	Caesars is a great experience if you can afford it . . . . .	We stayed here for 5 nights for a business conference so we didn't choose this hotel based on our own decision making. That said, I am REALLY glad we had the opportunity to stay here. We waited in line for almost a half hour to check in, but once we were there, we were treated quite well the entire time.The casino was nice and spread out. It wasn't too crowded. The food was truly amazing, but you pay for it. It is very expensive. We went to Bobby Flay's twice because it was soooo good. But lunch for two was $100.00The food court was great for the kids, even though the pizza pieces or hot dogs were $5.00 each, they really enjoyed them and the servings were pretty decent.We loved walking around the Forum shoppes and 'browsing'. There are a lot of great things to look at and the kids loved the shows.We even had a wonderful housekeeper who came every day at the same time. A lot of times the kids and I were still in the room and she was very kind. Very polite and friendly.The location was great, we walked over to the other nearby hotels and I always felt safe and comfortable.I really can't say enough great things about the hotel and our stay. We had a great time. We reviewed and looked at their website enough to know ahead of time what the prices would be to feed a family of five. If you go there knowing you are going to be spending a little more than other hotels then you are not disappointed or overwhelmed. Just go and have a great time!	
Mar 21 2009 	Disappointed	From reading the reviews on Ceasar's it seems it depends on where you stay in the hotel. My husband and I paid $200.00 a night to stay in the Roman tower and I was so disappointed when I opened the door. The first room had no bathroom door and I refused to stay in a room like that so we were given another room down the hall which was probably a little worse but had a BR door. Everything must have been there since the Romans. It was old with cracked paint and door casings in the hall the carpet was not very clean and you couldn't use a calling card from the room. I live in Nova Scotia which is big in tourism and you wpuld find a better roon at Comfort Inn. We made the best of it and had a great time but I would be more selective the next time.	
Mar 20 2009 	Its glory is past.	The current treachery propagated by Caesar’s involves enticing unwitting victims to their lair with the promise of low rates. However, the rooms associated with these rates are so miserable and uncomfortable, the guests are forced to pay extra ($50-60/night) to upgrade to more civilized rooms. The bed in the cheaper rooms (Roman Tower) is as comfortable as a sandpaper toga. If this is what the Romans slept on, no wonder their empire fell. Also, the staff at Caesar’s Palace is as warm, inviting and communicative as the many faux marble statues scattered throughout the casino. Actually that is not fair - the statues never did anything to anyone. Finally, if you do decide to brave one of the rooms in the Roman Tower, either travel alone or with someone you know very well. Otherwise, the complete lack of a bathroom door will make you closer than you ever wanted to be. I would not stay here again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Was Very Shocked	My friend and I stayed at Ceasars for three very LONG days. Our room was HORRIBLE! Our toilet was not attached to the floor properly. Our view was of the airconditioning system. Our room was located above a bar and the music sounded as if it was in our room. Our beds sunk in the middle. Took FOREVER to get HOT water in the shower! Upon checkout I voiced my concerns about the room and was not taken seriously at ALL. I am not one to cause a scene. So when I arrived hom I called Ceasars and asked to speak to a manager and was pretty much told OH WELL! My husband and I are going back to Vegas in two months to celebrate our 15 wedding anniversary and guess where we will NOT BE STAYING? Can you say CEASARS!NEVER again will I spend my hard EARNED money in such a crappy hotel. I have stayed at Best Westerns with NICER ROOMS and BETTER SERVICE!On a happy note my friend and I transfered from Ceasars to THE RIO, and were treated like QUEENS!	
Mar 18 2009 	We had an excellent time - large group of parents and teenagers!	We stayed in the Augustus Tower, room 3691. We had an excellent view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain, in the other distance were the mountains. It was like a TV show at night with all the lights and fountain shows. Our room was large, with a nice table, couch, chairs, large flat screen TV, and 2 double beds, very comfortable and large. The bathroom was overthetop luxurious. The two pools were excellent. With a large group of teens I would suggest sending someone out to bring in pizzas, salads, drinks, bagels, and fruit.	
Mar 18 2009 	Worst service in Neros.	terrible food, terrible service I've ever had.The steak i've ordered in medium was burned out, no juicy at all.. and they swiched my steak to another dish, but still same..No waiter came to ask about may steak after that, Even I'd room charged my bill, they asked my ID because they didn't see my name, it was on the second line on the system,. they could find. and also I think could matched with sign card. Even they didn't appologize for inconvinient. Hotel room was great with view of bellagio.	
Mar 17 2009 	Caesars Is At The Center Of All The Fun!	My wife and I just stayed at this awesome resort and will definitely stay there again. Check in was very quick, which I was a little nervous about because it is such a big resort. When checking in we upgraded to the Forum Tower which was great because it is right in the center of all the fun. Our room was very clean and the bed very comfortable. I have stayed at several Las Vegas resorts and the bed at Caesars was by far the best. The dining and shopping at the Forum Shops is great because there is a ton of variety. The only recommendation that I would give to someone staying there is if you want to go to the pool be sure and get down there early so you can find seating. The staff at the hotel was very friendly and invited us back which I am sure my wife and I will definitely be staying there again!	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Hotel I couldn't have asked for more.	I stayed at Caesars on a solo trip from March 3rd to March 8th in the Augustus Tower. My whole stay was very good. The room was large and very nicely decorated in neutral tones. The pillows, sheets and bed were extremely comfortable. The bathroom was large and fully marble and spotlessly clean.Caesars is slap bang in the middle of the strip so one can't ask for a more central location.The restaurants and bars, shopping and gambling options are almost endless.I would definitely reccommend Caesars Palace to family and friends.I had a bit of an incident in the poker room one night and at my request I was tended to by the Casino Manager who sorted out the issue promply and professionally.The waitresses and slot attendants were very friendly and efficient. As a female travelling alone I felt totally safe at this hotel.Over all Caesars is a pretty good bet.	
Mar 15 2009 	Some headaches but overall a good experience	Overall, my Caesars Palace experience was a good one. I went with a group of college friends for a few days, as we got a excellent deal on the hotel room. However, we believe that since we booked our hotel on a discount site (hotels.com), we were viewed as less important than other guests at the hotel when it came to service.When we called to confirm our reservation, we requested two adjacent rooms. However, when we checked in, they didn't even give us the type of room we paid for, let alone adjacent rooms. They promised a room switch at noon the following day when we brought this up at the desk, and said they'd be adjacent. Noon comes around and we find the new rooms aren't even on the same floor. Finally, we get them to put us in adjacent rooms (deluxe in the Augustus Tower, which is what we paid for) and they promise to call us between 3 and 5. At ten minutes to five, as they haven't called our rooms or our contact person's cell phone, our contact goes downstairs to find our rooms were ready. If we hadn't claimed them by 5, they would have been given to other guests. The room change was a headache.But incredibly worth it. The views were spectacular (we had a great view of the Bellagio fountains) and Caesars is excellently located with respect to other hotels and casinos, right in the middle of the strip. The coupon book we were provided with at check-in proved to help a lot, as we're college kids (lots of free food or discounts on meals).Both rooms were very clean and quiet, and the beds were very comfortable. The bathroom facilities in the first room (Palace Tower) were a little outdated, but still nice. The hotel was also very prompt in bringing extra towels and some amenities we'd forgotten (toothbrushes and deodorant).A small mix up also worked out in our favor. The previous guest in the first room we'd been assigned to had apparently spent a good deal of money in the casino and she'd been comped free food and bottles of water, all of which was sitting untouched and unopened when we arrived. When we mentioned this to the desk, they'd informed up she'd checked out and told us we were welcome to the food. Yay for free fruit and water after a long day of traveling!Additionally, the last full day of our stay, the pool reopened. Honestly, the pool alone may have made the trip for me, as I love to swim and Caesars' pools are gorgeous.	
Mar 15 2009 	Absolute Vegas	We just came back from four nights in Vegas, first visit. Bought a very reasonable package out of Toronto, picked Ceasars Palace becouse I've seen pix in the magazines etc, and wanted to have a real Vegas Experience. We arrived at 9AM to check in, no line up, were told our package puts us into the old part of the hotel, tried the $20.00 trick to get a room upgrade to Augustus tower, somebody must've been watching, the young lady on the desk wouldn't go for it, so, after some negotiating we paid extra $25/nite for renovated room in the Palace tower, we got in right away! Nice, big, clean, renowated room with a double Jaccuzi tub, shower, lots of marble and nice towels and sheets too. 23 floor overlooking the parking lot, but high enough to see the pool at the Mirage and the Strip. Food at the hotel as elsewhere on the Strip expensive, but mostly good.The place is HUGE, takes 20 mins to walk from the lobby to the selfparking lot, we drove to the Red Rock Canyon, hiked for an hour, beautifull, then down to Hoover Dam, very intersting, all in one day, no rushing, recomend it! Also, spend an evening Downrown, after all the faux class of the strip, it felt somehow more real and a lot of fun, the light show on Fremont strreet is well worth the bus fare! Back at the hotel, check out the Forum shops, amazing details and workmanship, engeneering of the whole place is mindblowing, must have cost a fortune. We dont gamble, and after seeing what gamblers money can build, will never gamble for sure! We will go back in 10 years to see all the new buildings.	
Mar 13 2009 	Outstanding Service!	On this short, one-night business trip, I found the level of service across the board to be exceptional at Caesars. From the reception clerk (Terran) to room service to the security guards, everyone was exceedingly friendly and helpful. Straight A's across the board - except: the bell desk was rather offhand about rental of a wheelchair (C+), and lost and found, which gets an A+ for going above and beyond, tracking down a beloved jacket and arranging to have it sent to this forgetful traveler.Also, I appreciated that guest rooms for those attending the conference were just an elevator ride away from the conference itself.	
Mar 12 2009 	Casears is Las Vegas	It was our first trip to Las Vegas, and we were very glad that we stayed at Caesars. You seriously cannot beat the location as it is in the heart of the strip and within walking distance to almost all the other hotels. We booked a bare bones room through a travel site and when checking in, slipped the clerk a $20 bill and got upgraded to a suite in the Augustus Tower with a beautiful view of the strip. You would have to be crazy not to try the $20 trick...it is Vegas after all and it runs on tips. I read all the other reviews of Caesars before coming and was a little wary, but it is a fantastic hotel and while not as extravagant as a Bellagio or Palazzo, it is still a Vegas institution and definitely recommend it. Also, Spago in the Forum Shops was amazing, go there for a meal, you will not regret it!	
Mar 11 2009 	new tower is very nice	check in offered to upgrade to the new Augustus tower for $40 a night so i took it I am gald i did. The room was very large nice plasma tv very well decorated no greek theme I liked that it was modern and nice evevators were fast. A few things about the room it was a bit noisy from loud neighbors, the bathroom amenities were very nice but i missed having qtips. The Qua spa was beautifulA few tips I saw Cher and it was great just do not by the really expensive cocktails in the theater not great. The gourmet chocolate shop wonderful and the cool machine in it spits out free chocolates every so often for you to sample. Noodle place was fantastic.	
Mar 11 2009 	It was better than I thought...	My wife and I just got back from Vegas, we stayed there March 4-7th. We ended up getting to the hotel to check in around 430pm and we only waited around 10-15min. The front desk person tried to upsell us a different room and we declined because my dad purchased this room for us and we didnt want to pay extra money. We stayed in the Roman Tower and when we got to the room, we had mirrors on the cieling and a hot tub in the bedroom. Oh and a see through bathroom (nice touch) Our view from the room was of the pool that had constustion but we could see the sunset and a good view of the Palms (which is where we will stay next time) and the Rio. When we got to the room it was clean and we had no issues. I lived in Vegas for almost 2 years and I still got lost in this hotel. I started to figure it out only one day in but still. This place is huge. The only things we played at Caesar's was penny/nickel slots. We went across the street to O'Shea's to play table games since it was cheaper. We didnt eat anywhere in this hotel so I cant say anything about that but over all it was a nice room and the people working thier were kind. Dont even think about checking out at the front desk on a fri-sun, for its WAY to busy. We carried all our stuff downstairs and then saw the line at the front desk and I wold have been in line for like an hour. So we went back to the room...checked our balance and checked out through the TV...much easier. If you have any questions you can always ask me. I am a travel agent so I will give you all the info I have. Peace out from Dallas.	
Mar 9 2009 	Serious Security Problems	Checked in to a large comfortable room, I had good expectations for my stay. I was awaken at 4am by loud noises in the hallway and someone banging at my door. I called security and they said &quot;no problem, they would check it out.&quot; I never heard back from security. When I came out of my room in the am, the hallway was littered with smashed ice buckets. Other guests on the floor informed me that this was going on previous nights. I contacted the manager was moved to a room on another floor. The next night, someone entered my room at 4.30 am saying they were checked into this same room. A few minutes later, the bellman came to my door to collect my luggage. When I called the manager, they said I was not checked into this room. The next morning, I talked to another manager about the incident and they reported that I was checked into that room. When I returned from breakfast to my room, the key no longer worked. The serious security issues and the cavalier way the management handled my situation indicates problems. I wouldn't recommend a place where I didn't feel safe.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great place to stay will do it again this year! Room was a comp deal...	Spent March 4th~6th in Vegas to celebrate my B-day. Caesars sent me an offer for 3 free nights plus $200 travel cash and the room that was booked on the offer was a deluxe room in the Forum Tower. Before I even arrived, they had upgraded me to a deluxe room in the Augustus Tower which I highly recommend to anyone booking a room there. The rooms are 650 sq. ft. and are essentially a mini-suite, they have very nice ammenities but the one thing they could certainly splurge on is toilet paper, that paper is rough! Overall (considering it was a free stay) I would recommend this hotel to anyone but the casino wasn't very generous to me. What are you gonna do though, this place wasn't built by giving money out to everyone that gambled there! Will probably stay there again this coming August when I return to Vegas.....	
Mar 8 2009 	Great location and two-person showers - love it!	Stayed here for 5 nights in Feb - it was a good stay. We were upgraded at check-in to a suite in the Palace Towers. Single LCD TV, jacuzzi tub, 2 bathrooms with 2 toilets and a large two-person shower... awesome.The Palace Tower is nice, although if you can get a suite in the Augustus Tower, that would be nicer for the views. Our suite was looking at the new Octavius Tower that's almost done... surprisingly, there's not much construction noise.Pros:- Nice upgrade and suite - Great central location on the strip- Love the Forum shops- It's classic Caesars... yes the Wynn and the Palazzo are swankier, but there's something nice about the history here.Cons:- They charge for everything... wish they would provide free internet- The fridge is filled with their items on sensor - we moved stuff aroudn for our own items and had to get the bill adjusted at the end- Pools currently closed for renos - I suspect it'll be nice when they're doneI enjoyed it and was glad we got the upgrade after reading horror stories about the standard rooms. Would come back again.	
Mar 7 2009 	Overpriced	I was booked by my company to the Roman Tower. When I stepped out of the cab, there was no one to assist you. The nearest elevator from the Registration was broken. It was a maze and a long walk to the next set of elevators but no bell boy was in sight as I dragged my 45 lb. luggage. From inside my room, I can hear the slamming of doors outside, talking in the next rooms as well as the alarm getting off from the next door. The room is spacious though and the amenities provided were good.To use the internet, it costs $25 per day and to use the gym, it is $45 a day. I think these services should have been included in the per night cost.The hotel is gorgeous though but I value my room more since I don't gamble.I transferred to Stratosphere after my conference. I find it much better for the price.	
Feb 28 2009 	Wonderful stay--would do it again in a heartbeat!	A friend and I were in Las Vegas for a great 4 days. We throughly enjoyed our stay at Caesar's. I'm usually in Vegas two to three times a year and this was my first time staying at the Palace. The front desk staff was wonderful !!! Room service was great--our food came in less time than was predicted and was piping hot and very,very good. The location is great !!!  When we were checking in we were given an upgrade to the Augustus Tower and our room overlooked the Bellagio Fountains---What a great view!!!! After a long day of walking the strip it was great to relax in the spa tub.  I absolutely love Caesar's and will probably stay there again on my next trip out !!!!!!	
Feb 24 2009 	Thank you Trip Advisor Members: Caesars Vegas!!	Many thanks to the Trip Advisor Members. I read many reviews before heading to Vegas and the tips really helped. ROOM: Requested Augustus Tower per your reviews. Room was modern and lovely. People were complaining about the Roman Tower but I wasn't there because of your reviews. HOTEL: Beautiful. Tables were mostly $25 blackjack but you're just across the street from O'Sheas. Your True Rewards card works there too so whether you want high end or low end tables, they are right across the street from each other.CHECK IN: As per your reviews, check in was a nightmare...but we were mentally prepared. They have clearly cut back on staff and waiting 45 minutes for your room (at 10pm) is never good, but after reading your reviews I expected it. Those who hadn't been forewarned were FREAKING OUT in line. Especially the older people, my god there were some people flipping. A hotel of this caliber shouldn't let this happen, but with the economy in the dumps (especially in Vegas) you've got to assume there are going to be some cutbacks. Again, inexcusable but at least a bit understandable.DINNER: Rao's. UNREAL. If you're trashing Rao's in a review then perhaps you didn't know what you were getting into. Food there is top notch. No one wants to pay $48 for Veal Parm but when it's the best you've ever had....$48 seems like $10.	
Feb 23 2009 	Word of Advice	Last July, my girlfriend and I booked a room at Caesar's Palace through Yahoo! Travel. We booked a standard room with a free upgrade. When we got to the hotel I mentioned the free upgrade to the guy at check-in and he said that they didn't have any more available for the upgrade we had booked. The hotel didn't seem that busy to me so I'm not sure why they didn't have an available room. Fortunately, my girlfriend is very attractive (I don't know how I managed to get her LOL) and happened to be wearing a very big QVC canary diamond ring. The guy obviously noticed it and made a comment about it. Then he said that he would make a call and see what he could do about the upgrade. After getting off the phone, he gave us our keys and told us to enjoy our stay. He also suggested we eat at Joe's Stone Crab, which we did do and really enjoyed. We didn't know what to expect when we got to our room because he didn't tell us if we were upgraded or not. We were very pleasantly surprised to see that he had upgraded us to a suite. The room had been completely remodeled, with flat screen, new furniture, great view, very comfortable bed, etc..... Moral of the story is..............if you are physically attractive and treat employees at Caesar's Palace or any hotel/casino for that matter, with kindness and respect, you will enjoy your stay and may even get more than you ever expected. I could have easily started making demands and started complaining about how I had just driven for 4 hours and created a scene, when he told me there were no rooms available, but I didn't. I just acted like it was no big deal and because of that, he was willing to help out. I would strongly recommend staying here, everything was great. I strongly recommend Pure if you are in the 21-30 demographic. If you come to Caesar's and expect to pinch pennies........don't. There are places like Imperial Palace and Palace Station for that.	
Feb 23 2009 	I like Caesar's	This was my third time in Vegas. Stayed at T.I. and Monte Carlo in the past. Caesar's was definitely my favorite of the three. I booked a standard room in the Roman Tower via hotel.com for $90/night. There seemed to be overwhelming disapproval of these rooms from other members on this site, so I upgraded at the front counter to the Palace Tower. We tried to talk the front desk attendant into a free upgrade, but to no avail. We paid an extra $60/night, which was supposedly a great deal - a result of the bad economy. Speaking of the economy, I didn't notice much of a difference in the amount of people visiting over the weekend. The nightclubs, etc. were still packed/hectic. Anyway, our room was great! Very spacious and extremely clean. I'm not much of a gambler, but the casino was essentially smoke-free compared to some of the other hotels. I always visit Caesar's for the mall and nightclubs, but had been unable to stay in the past due to the high rates. I was very excited to be able to stay this time, and would do so again if given the opportunity. (I'm giving the hotel 4/5 stars - but keep in mind this is based primarily off my Palace Tower room. If the Roman Tower is as bad as others' claim it to be, I'm sure my opinion would change. FYI the pool is closed. Try the restaurant across from the front desk for great late night dining.)	
Feb 22 2009 	Caesar's: overpriced poor service	We just returned from 4 nights at Caesar's, the first hotel in Vegas that ever made me consider checking out early. It is amazingly overpriced - equivalent or superior rooms and amenities are available just about everywhere else on the strip. For the price, the room was very small. It also had a huge shower with more than enough room for a tub - something I always look forward to using on vacation - but instead there was only some pseudo-roman bathing bench. The TV was in pretty bad shape, about the worst signal I've seen on a hotel flatscreen. No changing of the sheets either, though unfortunately that seems to be the norm these days.When we checked in, we discovered that our minibar was not working. After three calls and at least two visits to the room, it was finally fixed. Upon checkout we discovered that we were charged $400 for the entire contents of the minibar - presumably when they removed the contents to fix it. Thankfully they were willing to remove the charge, but it was just another step in incompetence for this hotel. Service was generally terrible overall. We called for a wake-up call our first morning, but we never received it. Lines for everything are incredibly long and move slowly. There is also no security anywhere here apparently - I don't know if they've cut back, but every other hotel I've ever been to in Vegas had guards checking room keys at the elevator banks. Not so at Caesar's, and by the looks of some of the casino patrons, we didn't exactly feel safe. Some kids were having a party on our floor one night, and playing bass so loud that our room was vibrating til 4 am - no response from security there, either.And on top of all this, Caesar's somehow remains one of the higher-priced hotels on the strip. I don't know how they can possibly keep it up with the standards they display. You can do much better (for a better price) at most other hotels, especially if you shop around - the Mirage, MGM Grand, The Venetian/Palazzo, Mandalay Bay or Paris would all be improvements over Caesar's.	
Feb 21 2009 	Enjoyed the luxory but check your bill at check out.	We enjoyed our stay to the fullest. The room was fantastic and the staff were very friendly and helpful. There are a few buts, so keep watch for extra and unnecessary charges. At check-in we were offered the upgrade to a mini-suite for only $62 and that would include certain extras and a jacuzzi in the room. We declined. Guess what we got anyway.....a mini-suite with a jacuzzi in the room. Then we got lost and ended up in the wrong tower trying to find our room. The most helpful employee offered assistance and took us through a maze of behind the scenes corridors, hallways, elevators and so on. Before we knew it we were at our room. All the staff we encountered were so friendly and helpful in all aspects. Upon checking out we had charges for the minibar on our tab even though we didn't use anything. Here's the catch! If you lift something up out of the minibar to even look at it, you will be charged. There are sensors that detect when something has been lifted up. Pretty amazing. They took the charge off immediately when we brought it to their attention. Also here is a first. We ordered a movie to watch in bed one night which was great, but you better plan on watching it all in one shot. You don't get it for 24 hours and are not able to pick up where you left off the next morning if you fell asleep during the first time you tried to watch it. No going back. That was a first and I must say dissappointing feature they have incorporated. And last but not least, the free valet parking is a real treat in all the madness of staying on the strip. Just loved that feature. All in all our first time staying at Caesars was most enjoyable. The accomodations were very roomy with lots of little luxories, great room service even though a little pricey, but hey, its Caesars and the breakfast really was delicious. We got a package deal on this stay which was one of the best anyone in Vegas had ever heard of. Oh yeah, the one real let down is the crazy fee they charge to use the fitness room facilities. $45 for an hour workout on their equipement. Sorry that is not a good service at all. We did not pay for that.	
Feb 18 2009 	Caesar's Palace is Extraordinary!	Booked trip via expedia and was originally booked into a Classic room in the Roman tower. After reading many reviews about the older tower I knew we couldn’t let the hotel room ruin our very first Vegas vacation.Checked in late on Thursday night of the Valentine's/President’s Day long weekend. Check in line was short and we reached the front in about 10 minutes. I slipped the girl a twenty with my ID and credit card and asked if there were any upgrades available. To my delight we were upgraded to a Deluxe room in the Palace tower.The room was outstanding! What a fantastic upgrade. Two sinks in the HUGE bathroom, Jacuzzi tub, separate shower and private toilet. The bedding was very luxurious, carpets and linens were so clean! It felt like we were the first to stay in the room. The view wasn’t great, we looked out over on the pool construction and the Octavius tower construction, but that was a small inconvenience. The pool was closed for renovations, but it was not warm enough to be taking advantage of that anywways.Housekeeping were courteous and very friendly. Our room was immaculate each time we returned. Top notch staff at this amazing hotel!Had room service on the first morning for breakfast. Wait time was about an hour for the food, but it came up piping hot and delicious. Prices were a little high but this is Vegas after all. Payards Pastierre was also a great place to get coffee in the morning, line ups can get a bit long. But again, it’s Vegas and that’s to be expected.We signed up for the rewards card and got food vouchers for Caesar’s restaurants. Together with comps that we had gotten for playing at the tables one night, we had over $100.00 in food vouchers. We used them at Augustus Café, which is the 24 hour restaurant located in the base of the Augustus tower. The food was delicious and the portions were very large. We both had enough left over for a midnight snack and the meal was essentially free. Definitely sign up for the rewards card to get all kinds of coupons and savings at Caesars.The gaming area is huge, but the minimum bets on most of the tables are very high. We went across to the Flamingo for lower limits. Also checked out Pure nightclub with the VIP passes received at check in. Very swanky club, but the drink prices were astronomical. Will probably do a bottle service with more people if we return.Caesar’s location cannot be beat, right in the middle of the strip. We walked everywhere. The Forum shops were fun to walk through, very high end merchandise. The Fashion Show mall across from Treasure Island is where we did a bulk of our shopping.My boyfriend golfed at the Balli Hai golf course and raved about it the entire trip. It was the highlight of the weekend for him and he greatly recommends this course to golfers. It was a short cab ride from the hotel and club rentals are available.The only complaint I have about Caesar’s is that the mini bar in the room was sensored. I had been taking out items in order to store personal water bottles and food, but once an item is removed you are charged for it. I noticed this upon checkout and the charges were removed from the bill. I will definitely stay at Caesar’s again but will not settle for anything less than the Palace tower.	
Feb 16 2009 	Lost its luster	Never again. The ventilation in the casino is awful. Pure cigarette smell. They tried to put us in the Roman Tower but I had read to many bad reviews so I asked for the Augustus which was sold out. They had the Palace Tower available for a $40.00 upcharge. COME ON. The rooms were very well appointed but dirty and already looking worn. I don't think they vacuumed once when we were there. (we monitored nuts that we hadn't eaten remain the whole trip). There were urine and throw up stains on the wallpaper in the commode area as well as water stains on the silk bedskirt. Our toilet wouldn't flush one day and when maintenance fixed it they said housekeeping uses bars of soap to clean the toilets because the hotel doesn't provide enough cleaning supplies. Sure enough a bar of soap was caught inside. Concierge was soooooo slow and inept. There was no security anywhere. The spa was beautiful and well appointed that was the highlight. No plans on going back; ever.	
Feb 16 2009 	do not upgrade	I upgraded to a deluxe room on hotels. com , for a 5 day stay, the front desk put us at the forum tower I told the desk clerk that this was incorrect I booked a room in the Palace or August Tower. After that I asked for a room on a high floor the clerk gave us the 51 floor really 2 floor. Treated like a second class no third class person because i booked on hotels.com. Overall the room was nice the TV didn't work the whole time. Room was extremely clean and maid was the friendlest person that worked their. After I got home have sent them a e-mail demanding a refund for the different rate in rooms. Hotel is nice just be careful at check in and demand what you paided for extremely arrogent front check in desk. Room was decorated nicely and the bed was extremely comfortable.	
Feb 16 2009 	Gitcha A_ _ back in the room!	We go to Vegas 1 to 2 times a year for fun and business. We thought it would be nice to stay at Caesars, we had visited the property many times before, but had never stayed there. We checked in on Sat. afternoon, with no problem. The room was small with a view of a giant air compressor. All around the edges of the room you could see dust where they were missing it when sweeping. We called down at 5pm and asked for 2 more pillows, never got them. Called again at 11pm and they came up 20 min. later. We ate dinner at Hyakumi, one of Caesars premier japanese eaterys. We both got food pisening from their &quot;Caesar roll&quot;, I know this becuase it was the only thing we both tasted. Back in the room, we now learned that the toilet was not flushing properly. This was unfortunate, oweing to our extensive use of it, thanks to our $150.00 food poisening! At 3:35 am we were disturbed by loud noise out side our room. It turned out to be some twentysomething kids, running up and down the hallways, and screaming at each other. This went on for 20 min., we called security. My wife opened the door, explained the obvious and was insulted for her trouble. A drunk hispanic man informed her that he was on vacation and could do as he pleasee, and that she should, &quot; shut up and gitcha [--] back in the room. Unable to help as I was &quot;again&quot; in dispose in the bathroom, I could only listen. We called again and where in formed that security was on the way. By the time they arrived, the people had left, ofcourse. I called down to the desk and asked if I could check out early (we were scheduled to stay 3 more days. The clerk said we could, but they would be charging us for 1 night in addition to the night we'd stayed! In the morning my wife checked us out, and relayed our story to the day staff. They were apologetic and did not charge us an extra night. We moved to South Point and the rest of our trip was great. I've had my fill of the strip on the weekends, and will stay off strip from now on.	
Feb 16 2009 	Caesar's was great!	We booked a package through WestJetVacations.com. We chose Caesar's because we took it to be a fine hotel in the middle of the strip where all the action is. The hotel itself is beautiful although, in some places it is starting to show it's age. The check-in line was fairly long when we arrived but it went surprisingly fast and had to wait no longer than a few minutes to reach the desk. The gentleman checking us in was very friendly and offered a room upgrade for only $50 per night. We took it. They even let us check-in early by about 3 hours. This was a blessing in itself after a long day of travel. The room was very nice. Two separate bathrooms, a shower built for two, a huge jacuzzi tub and a very spacious room. The bed was comfortable and the bedding was inviting and clean. We loved this hotel and highly recommend it to anyone.We stayed in the Palace Tower. If the pool was open, the Palace Tower is the place to be, it is located right beside the pool area. The casino staff was fun and friendly. Check out the Pussycat Dolls area!The only thing I can say that was a pain was the distance to the tower but one could complain about that with any large hotel on the strip. Also the food and drinks were very expensive so I recommend eating and drinking elsewhere (unless your gambling). Again this is true for many of the newer, larger hotels. If you want cheap drinks and a great time, go to Freemont Street, watch the light show and listen to Carl 'Safe Sax' Ferris play his many different saxophones. That was awesome!	
Feb 16 2009	Love Caesars'  just a few things you should know	Caesars' Palace is a Las Vegas legend and even though it doesn't have a 5 star or 5 diamond rating, i still consider it to be a very high class and luxurious destination. However, there are a few things you should know in order to make sure you have a good experience here. Let me start off with accommodations. The Augustus Deluxe, Palace Deluxe, and Palace Premium rooms are the best rooms you could find at Caesars' and are also the newest. The rooms in the Augustus tower are brand-new and the Palace tower rooms are remodeled to resemble the Augustus tower with only a few minor differences. These rooms are very nice, with spa tubs, and contemporary designs. The beds are fantastic and very comfortable. Also the rooms are a very good size, but you must know that the Augustus tower rooms have a different bathroom than the regular Palace room and the premium Palace room. The Augustus bathroom is roomier with a different design and a flat screen TV. The Palace tower bathrooms are the original Caesars' bathrooms from before the remodel which are still very nice but sometimes they are not in the best condition. The Palace Premium room is a very nice room, but in my opinion not worth the extra price per night, if you're comped this room then great, but otherwise it is not worth it. The only significant difference is that the Premium room has his and her bathrooms, no biggie. For some reason, Caesars' decided to go with the cheesy modern designs in the Forum Tower remodel just like the rest of Vegas is doing. I wouldn't recommend staying in these rooms unless you like the style or you get a very good deal, since at least they are brand new. Under NO circumstances should you ever book a room in the Roman or Centurion towers at Caesars', i am being very serious, those rooms are in horrible conditions, almost motel 6 status. If the &quot;Classic&quot; room is the only thing available, you should try the Wynn/Encore down the street, or Bellagio if they have a good deal. Also most of the time Caesars' is a little overpriced when it comes to rooms, be careful. Sometimes a classic room at Caesars' turns out to be the same price or more as a room at the Bellagio or a suite at Encore on a weeknight. Now lets move onto dinning. Caesars' has a very large selection of dinning choices. If you are on a tight budget however, i suggest either sticking to the Augustus Cafe, or dinning somewhere else. Because the fine dinning is amazing at Caesars' but the casual stuff, not so much. Stay away from the Cafe Lago buffet, trust me. It has a very small selection, overpriced, and isn't even that good. If you want great food try Spago, Sushi Roku, BOA, Trevi, Neros, and Bradley Ogden. Those are all great choices.As for the pool, its pretty chill and relaxing. Nice environment, large area, just nothing too special. Perfect place to lounge around and have a drink, or read a book.Also you should know that a tip a Caesars' goes a long way. When you're checking in, slipping a 50 or a 100 in with you I.D. and Credit Card could score you a beautiful suite. Most of the time if you ask &quot;What can you do for me?&quot; they'll even give you a choice. I have always had a comped stay at Caesars' but i have been upgraded by tipping a 50 from an Augustus Deluxe room to a one bedroom suite in the Augustus tower. It all depends on how you approach the front desk and how your attitude is. Be very friendly, and you'll always get what you want.That is about it, i know a lot about this property so please trust my advice and don't make any mistakes that could leave a bad impression of Caesars' in your mind.	
Feb 14 2009 	Not a good place to stay - NOT going back to Caesars	Got a good last minute rate, and said WOW, gotta try Caesars. We cancelled Paris.... BIG MISTAKE Stayed in the Roman tower, room was large, but outdated and dirty. Had to get houskeeping in to clean up sticky phone, red residue all over the couch, the bulbs in the lamps did not work, the hairdryer did not not work (and housekeeper said it was broken for 3 months), the electrical outlets were falling out of the wall, and the heater/airconditioner sounded like a rocket about to take off. The room had two other doors to two adjacent rooms, and you could hear every word from the other rooms as the doors had no bottom seals. We could cleary hear one couple express their love for each other thoughout the night! Called front desk on a few occasions and was ignored for more than an hour.... finally had the housekeeping supervisor show up she was embarassed by the state of the room. They did a deep clean while we were out, and left us some chocolate coins as compensation..... big deal! Will never go back to stay at Ceasars again, not even to the casino!	
Feb 13 2009 	Mixed reviews	We got a good rate on this hotel by monitoring the website. We booked once and cancelled to take advantage of better rates. We stayed in the Augustus tower checking in on a Wednesday and checking out Saturday afternoon. The check in was easy since it was 11:00pm. We got the exact room we requested. The Augustus Tower is in a good location compared to the casino/bars/restaurants/strip. We were on the 34th floor looking out at the Bellagio. We could see the fountain show and had a decent view fo the strip. Our room was nice. It had two beds, couch, cofee table, mini dining table and a nice flat screen tv. The bathroom was big and had a little tv in it, a seperate closet for the comode, and a seperate tub/shower. I have three concerns with the room: 1)The room did not seem clean. There was a lot of dust and the bathroom felt dirty. 2) The linens were old and worn. The bath towels were very old and borderline nasty. They reminded me of the towels my health club provides...not nice and very worn. The sheets were also worn and flimsy. 3) Room service was disgustingly priced. The delivery time was about 45 minutes and that I can understand. But to charge $70 for a few bagels/cream cheese and some juice and coffee is absurd and almost criminal:)The Casino was fun and we usually had no trouble getting drinks. We both broke about even playing blackjack and went on some legendary runs. Real fun. The restaurants were unbelievable. We ate dinner at Raos(pronounced Ray-ohs), Joes in the Forum Shops, and Bobby Flays Mesa Grille for lunch. I will be doing reviews of all three of them shortly so look for those but lets say they were all good with Joes and Raos being the best! The best thing to me about Caesars is the location. It is smack dab in the center of the strip and you can walk everyhwere.I would stay at Caesars again but only in a new room as I have heard the older ones are pretty bad. However, next time I go I will have lowered expectations of the rooms.	
Feb 13 2009 	My Most Favorite Hotel in Vegas	I have stayed at many great hotels but I will always love CP the best. The service is exceptional, they treat me like royalty (literally, red carpet and all)....the suites are great, the 2 floor Rainman Suite has wonderful rounded windows looking out to the entire city.... Pools &amp; jacuzzis are grand. The hosts are simply the best. They make sure you are pampered and well fed :) AhSo's used to be my fave restaurant (10 course Japanese meals while you are surrounded by waterfalls and wild orchids). That has been replaced by Hyakumi. I love Neros as well... I have been to most of the large, advertised hotel shows but am fond of the smaller, local concerts. I lived in Vegas for years (Green Valley, Nevada~beautiful!) so I am very familiar with every hotel but when we visit, it is always Caesars Palace :) Need I mention the fabulous Forum Shops??? The malls in LV cannot be beat...If you are staying a while, check out the local hotels such as Sam's Town...I love Sams! Don't expect luxery &amp; glitter but expect fun &amp; cuteness. Their indoor atrium is very cool...love the mountain light show &amp; my favorite howling wolf :) Mohegan Sun stole the exact show but I love both. Steakhouse has great coconut shrimp &amp; don't forget to try their Strawberry TALL Cake~trust me, it's an experience! Get up to Mt. Charleston &amp; rent a log cabin as a fun getaway..Bonnie Springs, Nevada has a zoo...I love Vegas and loved showing my husband all around Nevada.	
Feb 12 2009 	Girlfriends' Weekend at Caesar's Palace	I was frankly a litle wary of staying at Caesar's Palace, based on many of the Trip Advisor reviews, but a girlfriend booked the trip, so off we went. I did pore over the many reviews available, and took the advice of so many, to absolutely not stay in the Roman Tower, and to ask for a room in the newest Augustus Tower instead. We checked in on Thursday, Feb 5, at around noon, and did not wait in line at all. Walked right up to the desk, handed the super friendly clerk a $20 with my drivers license and credit card and asked to be put in the Augustus Tower, Not only did we get a great room there, but we got one on the side of the Bellagio Fountain - lovely! The bathroom was huge, the linens were nice, and housekeeping gave us loads of extra towels. We spent a morning at the Qua Spa and got massages and facials. Very nice spa area. Massage was pretty good, and facial was fantastic. In the mornings, we went down to the Payard pastry and coffee shop and brought pastries, fresh fruit and coffee back to our room. Perfect, and way cheaper and less time consuming than a sit-down breakfast. We had fabulous meals at Bradley Ogden and Nero's, and a mediocre one at Rao's.Overall a nice hotel, and a very fun experience. Not the Four Seasons Hotel, by any means, but nowhere near the price of the Four Seasons, ether...	
Feb 12 2009	Looking a gift (trojan) horse in the mouth.....	Just arrived home after 2 nights at Caesar's with my 21 year old son. My ex-husband (his dad) gifted us with the trip for Christmas complete with Elton John tickets. I usually research a trip to death but Vegas seemed a no-brainer. Caesar's seemed a wonderful choice. I've travelled a lot for business and leisure and well....I'm kind of a hotel snob. So yes, I should have researched and known better than to allow my trip to be marred by a room in the Roman Towers.Check-in took 45 minutes with no apologies at all.Please learn from my mistake and do not accept a room in the Roman Towers. There was no closet, the only place to hang clothes was in the bathroom over the ice bucket and safe. There was no full length mirror. The whole room was dusty and only semi-clean.Housekeeping did not leave clean glasses or pick up dirty room service dishes.And for God's sake, [-] ever happened to a cup of coffee in the morning that doesn't cost 20 bucks???!!!!!!Can't believe they are not embarrassed to put customers in the Roman Towers.	
Feb 12 2009 	Caesars is an attitude	The place has always had a little Sinatra swagger to it, reminiscent of Vegas in its halcyon days. It used to be unique, but other high-end properties like Mandalay Bay, Wynn, and the Venetian have caught up and even surpass it. She's kind of like Ingrid Bergman or Sophia Loren in their fifties -- still eminently presentable, but her best days are certainly behind her.The rooms are smart, comfortable, and well-appointed, though some of the older ones sport a view so poor, you'll want to keep the drapes closed. If you have a choice, opt for the Palace (first choice) or Augustus (second) Tower.By far the best amenity is still the pool. The drinks are expensive ($17 for a Caesars' Lemonade -- nicely spiked, of course), but you'll want to indulge. Service can be spotty at times -- truth be told, that millstone could be hung around all Harrah's properties -- but it is tends to be better than most. We have our favorite restaurants in Vegas, but it just so happens that none of them happen to be in Caesars, so even though we have stayed there at least a dozen times over the years, we can't express an informed opinion. Their spa and fitness club deserves a major-league demerit. It doesn't come close to measuring up to Mandalay Bay's -- and isn't much better than you find at Harrah's or the Rio -- but they have the audacity to charge for use of the shower facilities, even for their Diamond Club members. &quot;We're Caesars. We're better than you.&quot; The swagger can be endearing up to a point, but borders on the annoying.Caesars has grown almost by accident, and not according to any coherent plan. It has a few annoying quirks, such as a Diamond check-in area in a place where you can no longer drive to; after parking in the valet, you have to walk half-way around the property with luggage in tow. It's not a major concern for the casual traveler, although check-in lines for the average customer can be unduly extreme for a high-end property. Expect a long wait. A stroll through the Forum Shops is a delightful way to return from the Strip, but the only people who shop there have more money than sense. The Fashion Show Mall is just a short walk down the Strip, and a better place to indulge.	
Feb 10 2009 	On to be caesar	Firstly, can't believe I forgot to write review until now, most have been too busy telling everyone in person that we loved caesars!Stayed for two nights mid-week in November for our first trip to Vegas.Booked through travel agent, who booked through agency etc, so the hotel had problem tracking down our reservation initially. We appreciate these things happen, but the wonderful girl checking us in was very apologetic and got it sorted as quickly as possible. She also arranged an upgrade to the Augustus Towers overlooking the Bellagio Fountains for a knockdown price. The room, as mentioned by other posters is huge and the bathroom larger than many standard hotel rooms. So good we often felt bad for leaving. The rest of the hotel, if you can get around to all of it, is superb, and only regret is that we didn't have more time there.	
Feb 9 2009 	Inept Management Don't Stay at Caesars	I still find it unbelievable that I, and many others, had to wait over an hour to check in to Caesars Palace in Las Vegas on February 4, 2009. Hotel Management didn’t really seem to care that the line was extremely long. There was a hotel employee handing out water bottles, but when I asked for a cocktail or glass of wine I was denied. Would it have killed management to have the same employee pushing a cart with beer and wine for people waiting in line? When I finally got to the front of the line there was uncertainty related to whether I was going to get the room that I had a written confirmation for at the agreed upon price. The front desk employee told me that all of the rooms at “your price are sold out”, as if it was my fault. They asked me to pay extra to get into their next tier room. They still didn’t apologize for the hour-long wait. They didn’t offer a $50 hospitality credit to be used in a Caesars restaurant or bar for my time waiting in line. They were asking me for more money, which I refused. After a while they then “accommodated” me in another room, which was a normal room. It was as if Caesars had never checked in a large group of people before. It was amateur hour, and from speaking to other members of my group the line existed all day long. I thought I was in a Seinfeld episode.When the room was “cleaned” any dirty glasses or dishes were not removed from the room.The pool area was closed for renovation. Upon check out there was a $25 mini bar charge on my bill. I didn’t even open the door of the mini bar. As soon as I mentioned this, the charge was removed. Nice try Caesars, but I look at my bill.My advice to meeting planners, no matter where you stay, is to write in to the contract a penalty clause if the wait is over X number of minutes, the hotel owes each guest who waited longer than the agreed upon minutes a certain number of dollars. If the guest gets bumped to another hotel, their stay at the other hotel is free. In the age of computers there is no excuse to overbook a hotel and for there to be extra long check in lines. It is absurd. Caesars has clearly forgotten which industry they are in, it’s called hospitality. I would not recommend this hotel until it is sold to someone who cares about their guests.John PorrielloWethersfield, CT	
Feb 8 2009 	Long lines no coffee and upcharges for even the basics	Stayed Feb 2-6. Hoping for some comfort at a first class hotel after a chaotic day of airports and shuttle busses? Not even close. I arrived to find a line at the check-in that wrapped back and forth thru the lobby then down the hall to the shopping area. Waited over an hour. Velvet ropes were set up to manage the crowd - apparently this is a daily event. No apologies to the guests; no refreshments while waiting; no management to acknowledge that this was apalling for a $250+ per night &quot;first class&quot; hotel. And where was the bell staff to help guests to their rooms?For business travelers here for conferences, not for leisure, the hotel experience falls way short of expectations. Many of the basics that business travelers expect are absent . No newspapers for guest rooms. Internet access is $14.95 for 24 hours. It's $25 a day to use the fitness center. It's $5 for a kiosk to print your boarding pass. Good luck getting a cup of coffee in the morning. There are no in-room coffee machines, no free coffee in the lobby, and the coffee shop didn't open until 7 AM, too late for most conference goers. The only place I could get a cup each morning was in a bar in the casino area for $4 plus tip. When I asked the desk, they suggested that I order coffee via room serivce - but it would cost $11 plus $5 delivery fee plus 18% gratuity plus taxes.Everyone in my conference of 300+ people was buzzing about the check in debacle, and many of them waited the hour in line just to find that the hotel was oversold and they were bumped to another hotel. Even our keynote speaker, an expert on marketing of service businesses, commented about the hotel's shamefully bad customer service. I believe that Caesars Palace was once a fine hotel with a reputation for luxury, but clearly it has lost its way. I would never consider a return visit.	
Feb 8 2009 	Awesome!	First time in Vegas, and decided to go to a great hotel, and great it was. Upgraded our room on arrival, although it wasn't overlooking the strip completely it was still a great room, probably too big. His and hers bathrooms, but only ever used one of them.Spent our time getting totally lost, makes all your usual holiday hotels seem TINY. Never went back to our room the same way twice!Colloseum shopping centre and all the fabulous eating places out of this world. Went to Bette Midler show, well worth the expense.SO glad we went to this pretigious hotel, although having looked around a lot of the other hotels on the strip too they all seem equally stunning, so would probably try one of those next visit.Loved the relaxed feel of the place, dress how you want, no pressure, but that applies to all Vegas.Can't think of anything negative to say (which is a first!), would recommend this to everyone.	
Feb 7 2009 	Love Being Bumped 	AVOID LAS VEGAS and especially Caesar's. They make you waiti in long lines to check in and you are at risk of being &quot;bumped&quot; to another hotel as I was. Even though the hotel to which I was bumped was close by and to a suite, which they comped - I was informed that I would &quot;have no choice&quot;. Now I was at this hotel as a speaker at a conference to be held there so I really didn't want to go. And with a sprained ankle and a heavy roller bag, getting to the Flamingo (and it was only across the street) was pure hell. And when I got to the Flamingo, another 40 minute wait to check in. At least they were nice about it. Anyway I didn't make it to any of the other presentations at the conference because of my Nomadic experience. Really hacked off!!! PS : NOTHING is free; they don't even put wine openers in the room and internet is $13.95. It will be a long time before I endure the waits and crowds at the airport and the indifferent treatment of the hotel staff at Caesar's again.	
Feb 7 2009 	Excellent Location on the Strip	This was my second trip to Vegas and went with a small group of friends. We picked Caesar's because of the location on the strip (right in the center).We arrived late in the evening (8:30 PM), but there was no line at the check-in counter and they gave us a free upgrade without asking to the Augustus tower which is one of the newer towers on the south end of the property (closest to check-in counter) when we had booked a Forum tower. The room was a nice upgrade and we had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.The room was great, can't complain at all.The Casino is probably my favorite one in all of Vegas, though my only complaint is that the Poker Room is an 'after though' with a separate maze to go thru to get to it.The food court in the Casino is a bit overpriced, but a better option then nothing at all. And the casino waitresses bring drinks by regularly.Pure is by the Poker Room and is the most happening club in Vegas, so that was a plus.Pool was above average, but nothing great. They only had one open at that time of year, so I'm sure it's better in the summer. I'm going again this May so will find out then.	
Feb 4 2009	Not Worth The Money 	I stayed in the hotel from Jan. 29-Feb. 1, 2009. This trip was meant to be a friend's birthday weekend celebration that we planned for months. One of the friends that came on the trip was stuck to a wheechair due to a leg injury a few weeks before. Our flight coming in arrived at 8:00am so we went to the hotel and tried to check in early. The line up was very long, but we did come early and a lot of people were checking out so that did not bother me too much. After about 20 minutes it was out turn and we asked if it was possible to check in early. They said that they would accomodate us for an early check in, and came up with 3 rooms on the same floor in the Roman Tower. I asked if there were any rooms available for an upgrade, and the lady said that they were full capacity due to the Super Bowl Weekend. We made our way to the Roman Tower and were disappointed from the time we stepped off the elevators. The hallways were very outdated, there was garbage everywhere, there was a glass in every single corner of the hallway and not to mention it smelled of mold. Our rooms were nothing short of a motel! The bedrooms had no closets, the bathroom door was glass as was the wall that looked into the bedroom, so if you took a bath or a shower, who ever is in the living room can see you. We were a little disappointed but kind of debated whether to say anything, we figured we would not spend too much time in the rooms. The only other issue was that getting around in a wheelchair was almost impossible because the hallways were tiny. We decided not to say anything and were tired from being up at 3am having to make our flight that morning. Within 30 minutes we realized that there was no way we were staying in those rooms. The floors were not vacuumed as there were sunflower seeds and chips on the floor. The bathroom had not been cleaned and had soap residue on the tub as well as the sink. There was garbage on the bathroom floor and the garbage cans were not emptied. One of the rooms had (I assume by the looks of it) pubic hair in the bathtub. The ceilings and walls were mirrored, and there was a thick layer of dust on everything in the room. We immediately got on the phone, complained about everything and were told that we had to wait until noon. During that time we went for some lunch in the food court and waited for the managers. They upgraded us to the Palace Tower which was a deluxe room, very nice looking and definitely clean! The only problem was that the Tower was on the whole other side of the hotel, and had to wheelchair her through the entire hotel and casino. We took it as it is and were extremely happy with the new accomodations. But only for a short while... Their housekeepers clean rooms starting between 7am-8am, every morning. They do not care if the DO NOT DISTURB sign is hung, they will still knock. Every morning I would open the door and say, please come back after 10, and they would knock half an hour later. At check out, we had not only been charged things that we did not even touch or were not there when we checked in, but they cut off our room keys hours before our check out time. Their staff is so slow and although they are semi friendly, they are not fit to run a hotel of that size with the attitude of &quot;There is nothing we can do&quot;. I would advise to stay at the Caesar's Palace and only to the Palace or Augustus Tower if the prices are unbeatable. There are way cheaper hotels for the same location such as Bally's, Imperial Palace, and Flamingo, so why over pay if you are getting the same service as a lower grade accomodation.	
Feb 3 2009 	Hotel ok...Augustus restaurant made us sick	We stayed over Super Bowl weekend. Room was not ready and we were told to return in 20 minutes. We were already given keys but they didn't work after returning 45 minutes later. Otherwise, the room was fine...beautiful roomy bathroom, excellent room service waiter. Maid service was extremely slow and we had to go to the maid for towels on the 2nd day as we were back in our room by 1pm and not cleaned. As for the gaming with it being a Super Bowl weekend the table limits were way too high so we spent most of our gaming time at Harrahs. The worst was dining for breakfast the day we left in the Augustus coffee shop. Both of us got sick. I nearly passed out waiting to get on the plane, paramedics were called and was therefore not allowed to board. Had to take a later flight which cast a shadow on the whole trip.	
Feb 2 2009 	Roman Tower = Motel 6 with a Casino!	I thought the reviews of the Roman Tower must be exaggerated -- but I was wrong! I was part of a conference -- and paid more than $200 a night, and I travel frequently, so I had some concept of what $200 usually gets! Wrong! My room did not have a closet -- really. In the bathroom, there was a rack between the tub and the wall for my clothes, a la Motel 6. The safe was in the floor, and the glasses and ice bucket were on the safe -- so when I hung up my clothes, they hung down over the ice bucket and glasses!Amusing, huh? But I could live with that. That night when I took my shower, I pulled out the shower curtain -- the bottom was yellow and spotted with mildew stains -- a lovely contrast to the bright white of the rest of the curtain. Kind of disgusting, but it was bed time, so I just made it quick!Went over to turn on the bedside lamp -- no working light bulb. But it's bedtime, and I can't deal with changing rooms. So I call and leave a message asking for the lightbulbs to be replaced and the shower curtain to be replaced the next day. Of course, there's nothing that can be done about the huge gaping pull in the carpet, except maybe cover it with duct tape --- which would be a cosmetic improvement!At lunch, I came back to the room to work on my computer -- this is a business trip after all -- and guess what -- there were NO outlets anywhere near the desk. That was the last straw. So, I call down and ask for a new room. They are very gracious and assign me a new room in the Roman Tower -- I go down, get the new key, and check out the room before I move -- which does have a closet! But again -- No outlets by the desk. The only outlet on that side of the room is behind the armoire containing the TV. I go down again, and the young woman is very gracious and gives me an upgrade &quot;at no cost, since I've had so much trouble&quot;. I go check out my new room in the Palace Tower, which is very nice -- complete with outlets by the desk so you can plug in your computer and Blackberry!I go back to my room to move my stuff -- I didn't want to wait for the bellman -- packed it all up, got back to the new room, and the key didn't work! The same key that had just worked! I had two keys, and neither worked. Housekeeping will not let you in and told me to call security, who had no idea when they could be there, and said it would be quicker for me to go back to the front desk. So, I trudged back down, the same very nice young woman ask how I'd demagnetized my keys -- no idea how I could have done that in 15 minutes -- but she redid them and sent me on my way! Finally! So -- only stay there if you are guarenteed that you are NOT in the Roman Tower! They should be embarrased to send guests there -- another woman told me there was no door on her bathroom! It is truly not an exaggeration to say that the Roman Tower is like staying in the Motel 6 with a casino! But if you are in any other other Towers, I think you would find them to be very nice and very much what you expect for a resort hotel or a conference hotel.	
Jan 30 2009 	Had a Fantastic Time at Caesars	We stayed at Caesars from 1/22 - 1/23. We were booked either the Palace or Augustus tower deluxe, could not choose, based on availability. Got in at early at 1:30 pm and checked in although confirmation letter adamantly said 4 pm or after. There was absolutely no waiting in line and when we discovered we were booked into the Palace, we just asked if there were any rooms available in the Augustus, overlooking the Bellagio fountains and possibly adjoining. We shot for the moon. The clerk checked and said no problem. With no extra money nor tipping necessary, we got two adjoining rooms with two queen beds each on the 38th floor, overlooking the fountains and strip headon. Gorgeous! The rooms were spacious, clean and well appointed; the beds and linen luxurious and the bathrooms outstanding. Just loved the flat screen tv in the gleaming bathroom. Maid service was prompt and wonderful. Ate at the Augustus cafe in their banquet room and it was very, very good for our large group. Bette Midler was fantastic. Casino very smokey and there was a funny oder by the Roman tower entrance. I think it was from the proximity of the chocolate shop nearby and mixing with the smokey air. Weird smell. Loved our stay. Staff professional, excellent and attentive.	
Jan 29 2009 	How much was that room????	When we arrived to checkin at Caesar's Palace, there was a long line of people ahead of us. We couldn't figure out why the line was moving so slow until it was our turn at the front desk.We had booked an incredible deal for the room rate on the hotel's website. But the person at the reception desk seemed determined to make us spend more.He pulled out a book and started trying to talk us into different rooms. After flying for about 6 hours, we weren't really in the mood for this, but he was persistent.He finally showed us a room and said we could have it for $30.00. Of course, that sounded ridiculous, but I kept asking him over and over again and he kept saying $30.00.During our stay, I tried to check the room rate on the customer service channel and it never showed up.But when we checked out, we realized that they had charged us an &quot;upcharge&quot; of $30 per night for the room we stayed in.Two more things. Although listed as an amenity on the website, there is a charge of $14.99 a day for wireless internet. AND we were charged a room service charge for several items from the room that we did not use. (The customer support people on the phone were very cooperative about refunding us the money for the room service items).Was the room worth the money? Other than the fact that the shower didn't drain and we were standing in ankle deep water every time we showered, it was a pretty nice room. However, I doubt that it was really any nicer than the original room that we had booked over the internet.	
Jan 28 2009 	awesome hotel!	what a fantastic hotel! cant praise it enough....we stayed for week, wish it could have been longer, the room was amazing, huge bed massive bathroom (tv in the mirror etc) very plush, and to top it off we had direct views over the bellagio water fountains!!so if you book there make sure you ask for the augustus tower, as thats the newest one with all the amazing views of the fountain and strip..its a very plush hotel but not at all snotty, which is a bonus. the decor is great it all looks fresh, the food was fantastic, portions are huge, casino is awesome..i cant say enough nice things about it, staff are very helpful and there is every facility available that you could need!	
Jan 26 2009 	Caesars was nice but will stay somewhere else next trip	My husband I went to Las Vegas October 1-5th 2007. We stayed all four nights at Caesars Palace in the new Augustus Tower. This section was very close to the main lobby and very easy to get to.Our room was beautiful and had a nice view of the strip. We could see the pool when looking to left out of our window. We ate at Rao's our first evening there, the restaurant was vey busy so we sat at the Bar and had a wonderful dinner. The bartender was excellent and very helpful with our ordering. We had breakfast one morning at the Payard Bistro. My husband and I both had chocolate and banana waffle. These waffles were soggy and dripping with chocolate. I do not recommend this Bistro to anyone. Menu very limited and expensive. We had a quick bite to eat at the Augustus Cafe located right next to the lobby. Very good burgers and appetizers at a good price. The pool at Caesars was a big disappointment. They are adding on to the hotel so they have barrier walls set up around the pool. In fact it seems the new addition is going to be blocking the sun from the pools. The pool does not see good sunlight until 1pm or so. We gambled at Caesars a few nights, the hotel is huge so it didn't seem overcrowded. Overall the hotel was nice, nice and bright, and friendly staff.	
Jan 26 2009 	Forget Hail Caesar I suggest hailing a cab elsewhere	I was at Casears for 4 days over New Years. I have stayed here before so I knew there is a MAJOR difference between their newer towers and their old towers in terms of rooms. The old tower is like a Holiday inn from the 1980's. Basic bed, stanky smell from years of smoking, even if you get a non-smoking room, etc..I had booked a room in the newer tower upfront. When I checked in, there was no room available where I had booked AND prepaid. So, they said they would only charge me the going rate for the old tower they were putting me in. Say what? Are you kidding with me? ONly charge me for what you are providing even though what your providing isn't what I booked and prepaid for?They agreed to switch my room the next day. It gets better, they move me into a new room and when I get there someone else is in inside! I kid you not.I would NEVER stay here again. Go to Bellagio, Wynn, Encore, even the Venetian for a high end strip hotel. But I'd avoid Casears. If you do stay here don't say I didn't warn you.Upside is easy access to shopping.	
Jan 21 2009 	Nice if you get the right room.	A friend of mine checked in the day before me. He requested, and received without a problem, an upgrade to a nice, new room. When I showed up the next day, I asked for the same thing, and they refused to even look if anything was available unless I paid more. (I was already paying $210 per night, which is clearly not a rock bottom price).They put me in the Roman Tower. An old tower which an employee told was supposed to be subject to EXTENSIVE renovations, but they put it on hold because of the economy. In the meantime, it's smelly and tired. (IMPORTANT TIP: When you check in avoid letting them put you in the Roman Tower).After a couple of days in the Roman Tower, I got a call from the front desk telling me that there was apparently a leak in my room, affecting the room below me, and that I was gonig to have to move. I was then moved to the Palace Tower; a tower which has been renovated. Much better. Friends of mine told me that Augustus Tower is even better.It's probably typical everywhere in Vegas, but I don't like the fact that they don't have coffee makers in the room or an affordable place to get a quick snack. The breakfast buffet (which was impressive indeed) was $25. I ate way too much to justify the fact that I was spending so much on breakfast. The next morning, even a bran muffin and a glass of orange juice was over $10.If you want to live it up big and are willing to pay the price to do so, this is a good spot. The shops in the Forum are all ultra high end, as are most of the restaurants.As long as your expectations are for the high end and can avoid the Roman Tower, you should enjoy yourself.	
Jan 14 2009 	1st Trip To Vegas	My wife and I stayed at Caesar's from Jan. 10th Sat. until Jan. 13th Tuesday. We arrived approximately 4 hours early for check-in, but that seemed to be no problem. We received a free room upgrade(Forum Towers) and had no problems at all. The casino offered us $20.00 each in restuarant comps for signing up for total rewards. We decided to visit/gamble at several of the other casinos and found Caesar's to be in at least the top 3, if not the best. I recommend that staying at Caesar's should be top priority while in Vegas. I also forgot to mention that we arrived at Caesar's on Saturday and that we booked our entire trip on Friday. I could not have been more pleased that a trip planned a few hours before arrival went this well.Side notes: Casino- had fun, loved the wheel of fortune machines, but lost about $2,600.Restaurants- worst part about Caesar's, overpriced and bad food.Hotel Room- top notch. No other way to explain it.Hotel Staff- excellent, very friendly	
