Nov 21 2009 	Nice location - charged me extra without my approval	Flamingo has a nice location - short walk to other attractions on the strip.The rooms are a bit outdated - old fashioned TV, old carpets, small washroom etc. In the washroom, you can hear everything from your neighbor, even quiet talking. The buffet downstairs is terrible - everything's heavy and greasy. You see their bird exhibit from the restaurant. Compared to absolutely spectacular attraction Vegas has to offer, the bird exhibit is really outdated and sad. They've probably cut the Flamingo's wing muscles to prevent from flying. Sad sad sad.What I'm most unhappy about is extra charges on my hotel statement. At the check-in, I was asked if I want to upgrade my room. I said no thanks. In my credit card statement an extra charge for a view appears. I never approved any extra charges. I contacted their customer service and they never got back to me. Staying at Flamingo doesn't make any sense to me in the future - you can stay at much newer Planet Hollywood (which we loved) cheaper - and the location is practically identical.	
Nov 18 2009 	Fun at the Flamingo	Loved the hotel! Our room was awesome! I totally recommend spending the extra dollars to upgrade. The pool was pretty good although you weren't allowed to swim..no lifeguard on duty was the reason but the pool is only 3.5 ft deep so I'm not sure what the issue was. They desperately need to update their poolside chairs - it was like sun bathing in the 80's. Overall we had a great experience ~ the staff were great, check-in was great, I loved it. The casino does have a fairly smokey smell but that's to be expected.One complaint ~ not enough restaurants in the hotel. When I was in Vegas last I stayed at the Planet Hollywood and they had great restaurants that were all available for dine in or room service which was amazing.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic Stay at the HGVC Flamingo	What a lovely property this is. It was our third timeshare trade in Vegas and has been the best one so far. From the moment of check in when the front desk staff offered us bottled water and gave us small wrapped cocolates until we left 9 days later being wished a pleasant goodbye early in the morning, the HGVC at Flamingo did not disappoint.The non-smoking building is beautifully maintained, always being cleaned, and the staff never fail to say hello when passing you by. The housekeeping staff is quickly responsive to any requests and also very pleasant. We did not meet anyone that wasn't polite and professional during our stay. The pools at the Flamingo are beautiful, although the smaller pools that connect with mini water slides and the main water slide pool were disappointingly closed for the season. Additionally, the management had directed the pool guards to stack up and remove a great number of lounge chairs, to be put away for the season, and on the weekends, there was a definite chair shortage. It didn't bother us, as we usually will just figure out an alternate plan, but many people were grumbling about this, and I could understand why - if you are going to the Flamingo or the HGVC Flamingo, you probably wnat to spend some time at their lovely pool and should be entitled to a chair. I was not aware that the official &quot;season&quot; was over at the end of September, and therefore, many of the areas were either closed or lowly populated, including some of the pool bar areas being closed. The weather was really great, and in the 9 days that we were there, we experienced a few breezy days, a couple downright hot days, and a couple days that were chilly in the shade. It was almost too cool to swim if the area was shaded, but it was wonderful to sit on a lounge and watch all the interesting people! We made lots of friends just chatting around the pool.I personally did not use the bar service, but the drinks that people were getting, especially the frozen ones that come from the automated machines, sure did look great. One day at the smaller HGVC private pool, the bartender came around with samples of her drink of the day, The Pink Flamingo, and they were delicious. We thought that was so kind of her to share her daily drink and to give us a taste of the drink she hoped we would order. Both pools always had great music being played during the day, and of course, the habitate area with live flamingos, birds, turtles, and enormous fish are beautiful to see. Still disappointed that the water slide was closed for the season (and had trash and beer cans inside).The kitchen was well stocked and seemed to have everything we needed. Paper towels, soap, shampoo, and lotion were provided in both bathrooms (we had the two bedroom lockout unit), and we enjoyed the oversized jacuzzi tub after a long day of walking around town. I ordered groceries from Von's, and that worked out perfectly. We had a full equipped kitchen and a full refrigerator - it made it really nice at breakfast time and when you wanted a snack or beverage. What a convenient way to vacation. Our unit had a washer/dryer (detergent provided), dishwasher, garbage disposal, plenty of pots and pans, towels, and dish sponge. There were always plenty of fluffy towels and fresh linens when we asked for them. We are tidy people and always took our trash daily to the trash room and kept the unit clean and orderly - even so, we were pleasantly surprised when the housekeeping staff had come in mid-week and freshened up the towels, soaps, etc. The welcome desk tried to contact us a few times to do the timeshare tour, but we were busy and didn't respond, and they were not pushy whatsoever. We actually would have enjoyed taking the timeshare tour and will consider it next time - we were just busy this trip.Vegas is definitely a fast-paced town filled with lots of interesting people. Staying at the HGVC a bit removed from the noise and activity was a wonderful refuge, yet close enough to get to the action in no time at all. We really loved our stay here and will definitely return again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Very comfortable place to stay	This hotel is actually a time share resort, however it is excellent. We had a jacuzzi in our suite and the place could not be faulted. The kitchen area has all the utensils you are likely to require and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay there. The only criticism I would make is that the pool is very small,but we were informed that we were allowed to use the Flamingo pool.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Las Vegas stay!	My husband and I, along with my parents, stayed at the HGVC at the Flamingo for 4 nights in a 2 bedroom suite. This was our first time at this south mid-strip location, which was fabulous! (Getting into the actual building was confusing, as the HGVC was back-to-back to the Flamingo. Don't try to walk through the Flamingo to get to the HGVC at night. Just don't do it. The best is to just walk all the way down the street between the Flamingo and O'Sheas. Be careful as there is not always a sidewalk down this street.) There was free parking in the Flamingo parking deck. Check in was easy. (I won't repeat what the other reviewers mentioned about the amenities.) It's the little things that made our stay. We checked in on my husband's birthday. That evening, we were brought a staff signed card and a little snack gift with three balloons festively tied to it. It was a very sweet gesture and it made my husband's day! We also liked the layout of the suite. Past the main door of the suite led to a little foyer with two doors, one leading to a studio bedroom, one leading to the one bedroom suite. This is different from other HGVC muliple bedroom suites in that it provided a little more privacy. Because my parents had different plans in Vegas than my husband and I, we were able to come and go without waking the other couple (as my parents were early risers and we were the late-nighters!) Kitchen was invaluable for making egg breakfasts.Although we had a car from the first leg of our vacation, we left it parked in the deck and seldom used it. Most of the casinos we wanted to go to was easily reached within walking distance. We are HGVC owners on the property on the strip, and while that facility is new and beautiful, should we find vacancy at this location, we wouldn't hesitate to stay here for the better location!	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Legs Shame about the Face!	Ideal location, middle of the strip, right behind the Flamingo Casino and Hotel. Had a one bedroom villa on a RCI Exchange, and was looking for a restful stay.The kitchen area was very nice, but the light switches made no sense at all, in most cases you had to walk through a dark room to turn on a light!The bedroom was shared by a partial bathroom with a soaking tub. Okay for folks that want to soak and then run to bed, but I prefer seperate rooms for bathing.The sleeper sofa was hard as a boulder, and just about as comfortable. But I did enjoy the breakfast nook treatment for dining.To get anywhere within the resort you had to walk out through the pool area of the Flamingo, but the garden areas with wild life was fun.My major complaint came on the afternoon before my early moring departure. The Flamingo Hotel and Casino was having a private &quot;Pool Party&quot;, and the management of the Grand Vacations Club informed everyone that there might be some noise. At 4:20PM the sound checks started. My room was shaking from the vibrations. Really. I felt the windows and walls, and could feel the movement. I decided it was not going to get any better so walked down to talk to the folks at the front desk. They said there was nothing they could do, and the music would probably stop around midnight. I asked to speak to a manager, and the assistant manager came out and was sympathetic to my objections. But there was nothing to be done, this happens every now and then, and they have no say over the noise.I could not even watch television because I could not hear it over the non-stop band outside. I had to get up at 4:00AM, and by midnight I was exhausted and upset. Earplugs, pillows over the head, nothing worked.I finally dragged sofa cushions onto the floor in the hallway, directly under the air conditioning vent to try to block out the pounding so I could sleep. Around 2:00AM the music stopped, and I could return to the bed for a few hours nap.A week ruined by a hideous night; I'm still upset.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great!	Service: perfect.! Very nice, wonderful and helpful service. They tell you all the informations if you asked plus with a complimentary chocolate. Efficient check in and out. They treat you very warm and luxurious.Rooms: great. I really like the lotion. Decoration is very beautiful and well built. All excellent equipments. Bed is comfortable, lots of pillow and the jacuzzi is excellent!Facillities: as called flamingo. There're the real ones so there's the animal park, the night shows and the casino. All are great. The hotel shop sells the pink flamingo too. A sky train passby so comfortable to get around and good for sight seeing.I will surely return there again.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Club service behind the Flamingo Casino	The location of the resort is Hilton Grand vacations best. Its dead center on the strip behind the Flamingo Hotel. It is a non-smoking resort which we loved. My wife loved the jetted tub and the large bathroom. The resort has its own pool abnd geusts can use the Flamingo Hotel pool. We found the fitness center to be small and very busy in the morning, afternoons it was empty. It is much easier to travel through the back of the property than the front which we thought was odd, but its a great place to stay and quiet. We stayed heer for a convention and found the monorail and location to sands expo and convention center to be great. Would highly recomend.	
Sep 28 2009 	HILTON GRAND VACATIONS	DON'Tdo not buy into these liars. they lie to you to sell you and they charge you for something they agreed to and they then tell you you can't do it. I'm taking them down for my money!	
Sep 28 2009 	Huge disappointment	We booked 3 rooms in Vegas to celebrate our 50th wedding anniverary. On checking in we found the rooms to be totally lacking in decor, cleanliness and location. We requested a change and this was granted. However, imagine our disappointment when we find that the new rooms are also lacking in decor, cleanliness and location . Whoever was responsible for wasting our time and energy for this change should be forced to take a few more courses in customer relations. We would never book at the Flamingo again.	
Sep 19 2009 	Highly recommend !	We would definitely come back to stay here, the service was great, location was excellent.My partner, myself and another friend stayed here, we booked 2 go rooms and asked for the rooms to be as close together as possible. The rooms ended up being right next to each other.Rooms were great, location was fantastic! We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent Value - Would Recommend	My husband and I stayed at the HGVC the weekend of September 12/13, 2009. We chose this hotel base on other travelers opinions and we wanted to be in a hotel that did not have the noise and foot traffic of a casino hotel. This was a perfect fit for our needs. We booked a suite since it was just a short stay. The room was very clean and comfortable, overlooking the pool. I liked that the Hilton pool was much smaller and quieter than the Flamingo. Although there was no music at our pool, they cranked up the volume so high at the Flamingo pool that there was no problem hearing it. We never had a problem finding lounges at the pool, in fact, each day we were able to get a cabanna, since we prefer the shade.The pool bar service is friendy and relatively inexpensive. The deli carries almost everything you need for a short stay and the kitchenette in the studio is sufficient for 2 days. If you are staying for a week, I would recommend a 1 BR with a full kitchen so you would have more room and cooking options. The bathroom was updated, nice jetted tub and a separate toilet/shower room. Bed was comfortable as were the pillows. Hotel staff was vey helpful and friendly. I used the treadmill in the fitness center on Sunday. The fitness center is very clean, it has all the basic things you need/want for your workout while on the road. Towels and water are provided also. There is another small spa inside next to the fitnss center as well as a sauna. There is no charge to use any of these facilities.There were a few shortcomings; 1) there was no dish washing soap in the kitchen. I don't mind doing my own dishes, but I don't want to spend the money in the deli for a large dish detergent that I won't use but a few drops and is too large to carry-on in my suitcase. 2) is that there was no make-up mirror in the bathroom. 3) As someone else on this site mentioned, the room has a main door and then 2 doors off the small foyer. The main door is very heavy and &quot;loud&quot; when it closes. Fortunately, there was no one in the room next to us, or I'm sure they would have been really irritated at our coming and going. These are minor things, just a bit irritating, but nothing to detract from my recommendation to family/friends or to keep me from returning. If you like being close to the action on the strip but returning to a quiet comfortable place in the evening, this is the place for you.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Place to Stay!	The hotel was clean, convenient to the strip, and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Everytime we entered or left the building at least one of the staff members was smiling and telling us to have a good day or evening. it is located right behind the Flamingo and with a short trip around the pool area, and through the casino, you are on the strip. It was a quiet and relaxing trip when we wanted it to be, or we could head out towards the strip for lots of excitement. We definately will be going back to this hotel. Thanks to all who worked there ane helped to make our trip worthwhile!	
Sep 2 2009 	Viva Hilton at the Flamingo	We highly recommend a stay at this hotel/time share resort! It sits in back of the Flamingo Hotel in a secluded area, is only 8 stories high and has its own medium sized 4 foot pool and large jacuzzi/spa with an inexpensive bar, 4 covered patios with ceiling fans and cooling water sprays, plus large gas grills. It is peaceful and serene. Guests may also use the huge Flamingo pool area (but Flamingo guests may not use our pool so do not let them in!), which is LOUD and filled with kids (and has lifeguards). Sun bathers go to the pool areas early in the morning, but we had no problems getting a chaise lounge later on. I don't like 4 foot pools much--it's hard to exercise in it, but the water was clear and clean and refreshing even with 108 degree temperatures. The room we had was a studio as opposed to a one or two bedroom suite, but it was LARGE and comfortable. The living area had a nice king size bed, a large dresser and TV, and a sofabed, plus a table and two chairs. It was clean, newly decorated and pleasant. The kitchenette was small, but very nice with a microwave, refrigerator, sink, countertop and dishes/flatware. All nice. There was also a large closet in the kitchen area. And the bathroom was open, with a large spa/jacuzzi that worked well and a large vanity. The toilet and large marble shower was enclosed in an adjacent space. This room cannot be beat. The A/C worked very well and it was VERY HOT that weekend. We saw the bedroom suite next door as the housekeeper was cleaning it--it is gigantic and lovely. Rooms share a foyer, which is odd. The problem with this is that we heard our neighbors come and go (and our neighbors were very young, very loud, very drunk and obnoxious people--they had no concept of privacy or manners and woke me up twice very early in the mornings).The service at this hotel was excellent, fast and friendly. Also, there was a market near the lobby that sold fresh salads, gourmet sandwiches and many other things--it was not expensive and it's open until 10 PM. Restaurants are hard to find in Vegas because you must walk through casinos to get to them. And if you do not like walking much, DO NOT come to Vegas. I am recovering from spine surgery and long walks are difficult. I had a hard time getting around. But taxis will take you everywhere and I recommend using them. A hotel that seems right next door is actually a few blocks away. Yet we travel to New York often and found it easier to navigate around Manhattan than Vegas. Avoid the Flamingo dinner buffet--it's disgusting, unappetizing and seems to draw in the worst of Vegas's drunks. Rude. Try Harrah's buffet--it lasts all day and the food is flavorful and has a good assortment. We ate at a Paris Hotel restaurant called Provencial--it's a major rip off! AVOID. The line to get into the buffet was ridiculously long. Bette Midler at Caesar's Palace is FANTASTIC. The casino itself is beautiful, too. Forget going to casinos during the day. Vegas is all about the night, with light shows galore. The Bellagio's outdoor light spectacle is fabulous and awesome.Take the monorail and get a 3 day pass--use it to go up and down the strip.Wear good walking shoes ONLY. Forget fashion unless you take cabs. Carry a water bottle. It is HOT and DRY in Vegas.Tip everyone. Carry dollar bills (and 5 dollar bills) everywhere. You will be treated like royalty. The employees on the strip LIVE on tips. Avoid Jimmy Buffet's cafe--it smells like beer vomit everywhere. Disgusting. We do not gamble much so I cannot tell you where to go for the best wins. Spend your money on shows--they are worth every penny. Again--SEE BETTE MIDLER!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect Location in the middle of the strip	We had a &quot;guys&quot;: trip to Vegas in May. The resort is in a great location, just behind the flamingo hotel and right next to the monorail. The rooms were top notch and had everything we needed, full kitchen, huge jacuzzi tub. You have use of the giant Flamingo pool, with it's waterfalls, watersides, and gambling area. I find I can stay at this property much cheaper than the typical nicer strip hotels.	
Aug 24 2009 	Like home but on the strip	I was looking for a hotel that was conveniently located on the strip but had the amenities of home since we were traveling with a 12 and 8 yr olds. The room had a fully equipped kitchen which was very nice for those &quot;at home&quot; meals which we took advantage of and washer and dryer. The hotel has a little market which was a little pricey but well worth it when you consider how much you would spend on eating out 3 meals a day. We woke up early every morning to reserve our pool chairs near some shade. If you wait...you may not get one. The pool area gets pretty crowded. We found that mostly those traveling with children would sit by the water slides which was nice. The slides kept the kids busy for hours. The main pool had mostly the young, drinking crowd. If you are traveling with a family or like the peacefulness of a non-casino hotel then this it your spot. You will truly enjoy staying here.	
Aug 22 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	This was one of the best vacations my husband &amp; I have had in Las Vegas. We had banked our own timeshare and requested a trade into this one based upon its location &amp; reviews and were not disappointed. The whole stay was great! From check-in to check-out, the staff was helpful and so friendly. We had a 1 bedroom suite and it had everything we needed to feel at home here. As a previous review mentioned, the shower door did not fit tightly so we had a leak. A call to the front desk resulted in a prompt visit from a young man in maintenance who fixed the problem.There is a small grocery store at the timeshare which made for some leisurely breakfasts before hitting the pool area (we also found another place about a block away that had a bit more variety - out the main door and to the right). The pool area is not very big so we did need to get down there early to get a lounger. We had planned to use the pool at the Flamingo hotel as that was also available to timeshare guests but found it too crowded and noisy so spent our time at our own pool.We thoroughly enjoyed our week at the HGVC at the Flamingo and hope to stay there on our next stay in Las Vegas.	
Aug 20 2009 	It's all about location location location.	My husband and I were evenutally moved to this hotel by our timeshare company when our stay at the Hilton on the Strip went badly. As a timeshare affiliate, this resort is great. The location is fantastic as it is right behind the Flamingo Hotel (basically on the other side of the bird sanctuary and main pool) which is pretty central on the strip.The building itself is a little dated, but the rooms are nice and have all the amenities you need. Housekeeping service is good. The concierge service was okay-we actually found better prices by going on-line at the business centre and booking the shows we wanted to see that way. The noise factor in the room was reasonable- we couldn't hear people in the hallways or in their own rooms, but we did hear noise from the pool areas during the day.The beds were reasonably comfortable but not as plush as the beds and bedding in many Hilton Hotels.The shower door did not close/fit properly so there was a big mess in the room every time you showered.Guests here had their own pool, children's pool and hot tub, but could also use the large pool intended for guests of the Flamingo Hilton. The pool at the timeshare was not usually very busy, but the hot tub could get crowded. The pool at the Flamingo Hilton was always packed and always had music playing. The pools and hot tubs do not stay open through the evenings (closed around 6). The pools are not heated so it was chilly getting into them in March.There was a little store where you could pick up basic groceries at the timeshare but it was just as easy to walk over to the Flamingo Hotel to pick up some take out at the Voga Terrace or try one of their restaurants (I would recommend the breakfast buffet at the Paradise Buffet).The bird sanctuary at the Flamingo Hotel is nice to walk through.The monorail runs across the back of the property and the city bus runs down the strip in front of the Flamingo Hotel.I would definitely recommend staying here because the resort is nice but mainly for the convenience of the location.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great except for the parking	We recently stayed here for a weekend while attending an expo with our teenage daughter. I called the front desk at 3 to see if we could check in a little early and was told by a rather nasty woman that check in time was at 4 and I could check in then, she wouldn't even check to see if a room was ready - then she tried to convince me that I had reserved a studio instead of a suite. The man who helped us when we arrived was much nicer and even walked us to our room when we got turned around. The hotel is very nice - our room was mostly clean and very spacious. We got a one bedroom suite which was very well equipped. The room has a full kitchen, washer and dryer, and two tv's. Parking is a huge frustration - they will valet your car for you but since it was full of expensive equipement we didn't feel comfortable giving the keys to someone so we opted to self park. The parking lot is around the corner and halfway down the next block - it is cramped - poorly lit - and filthy! When you come out of the parking garage you have to walk in the alley to get back to the door of the hotel. The parking situation is enough to keep me from coming back alone. Also, try not to get a room on the first floor or anywhere near the pool unless you like to listen to blaring music coming from the pool area all day and half the night. Overall it isn't a bad place if you don't have to drive to it.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great place to stay in Vegas	We have just come back after going to Vegas for a friends wedding. We went with my parents ( we are in our 30's) and had a great two suite apartment so we could come and go as we pleased without disturbing them. Our smaller room had a Kkng size bed with jacuzzi bath and a small kitchenette area with sink and fridge. The large main room had seperate bedroom, bathroom, toilet/sink area and kitchen/dining/ living area with the kitchen having all you could need including washer, dryer and dishwasher.The staff were very helpful and although the pool for this hotel is small it is good if you want a quieter area, the sunbeds are comfy and always towels available. If want more swimming can use the Flamingo pool which is quite large.The shop was a great convenience and the hotel was easily accessible to the Strip for sightseeing.Great trip for us all!	
Jul 26 2009 	Excellent Vegas Location!!!	We had a one bedroom on the 2nd floor overlooking the pool. We had a full kitchen, nicely stock with cooking necessities. I only would suggest they replace some of the well-used utensils. There was a stacked washer and dryer, fold out sofa bed and plenty of fresh towels. The bathroom has two separate counters with sinks and plenty of counter space. The jetted tub is huge and circular; made for two but could fit more if you want to. No complaints about the room. The entire interior was recently updated so all is nice, clean and new. The pool is small but quiet and relaxing with a full bar and misters. The Flamingo pool, which Hilton guests have full access to is a very crowded, mostly young scene. It is nice to be able to choose between the two pools. On weekdays the Go Pool at the Flamingo is not at all crowded. There is loud music and a bar with plenty of free lounges. It is $10 for men to get in and bikini tops are optional. There were very few who went topless. The small mini-mart and deli at the Hilton is convenient and has good Starbucks espresso drinks. The center strip location is excellent! It is a short walk over LV Blvd to Cesars and Bellagio. THe Venetian also isn't too bad a walk. To walk much further in the summer Vegas heat isn't fun. We took the monorail from Flamingo/HGVC a lot. There is an elevator right to the monorail stop outside the main lobby of Hilton or there's a bridge that goes from the Flamingo alongside the pool area to the monorail. It will take you as far as MGM Grand and Sahara. There is a free monorail if you walk across the street from the MGM to Excalibur. This one goes from Excalibur to Luxor and Mandalay Bay. If you want to be on the strip for some Vegas action this is the perfect spot!There is an Albertson's a short ($10 ?) cab ride away and a liquor and convenience store just behind the Hilton. We really enjoyed Pure at Cesars, dinner at the Voodoo Lounge on top of the Rio (excellent steaks! and view!), and the Thunder from Down Under show at the Excalibur. The show was perfect for a bachelorette party. Its a little cheesy but definitely a fun time. If you have a large group (6 or more people) the limos can be cheaper than cabs. They will negotiate on weeknights.In case you haven't already heard tell the cab driver to take Paradise Road to and from the airport and not the freeway. It is about the same amount of time and about $12-$15 instead of $25. Also, it is illegal for cabs and limos to stop on the strip to pick people up. It is well enforced so don't bother. Go to a hotel taxi stand for a cab or limo.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fantastic Flamingo	We stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Flamingo for 3 nights after moving from The Hilton Grand Vacation Club near the Stratsosphere. (We had planned to do this.) The rooms were luxurious, comfortable, convienent to The Strip and had everything we needed to make our stay comfortable. We enjoyed the private members pool, workout room and convience store. We liked being more central on the Strip as we are walkers. We were completely satisfied with our accomodations and are happy to recommend this establishment as a great central place to stay on The Strip!	
Jul 13 2009 	Very comfortable	Had a nice stay. Rooms have all you need kitchen, washer dryer, large bathroom, flat screen, dvd player etc. Quiet too.For 4th of July we stayed 2 nights - around $250. Self parking a bit of a trek. Shuttle available to airport if needed.Just off the Strip. Behind The Flamingo.Private pool area is small and not well kept. But you can move over to The Flamingo pool - much larger with water shutes. Gets very noisy and extremely busy with the younger and drunker crowds later in the day.Deli very good and reasonable price.Staff helpful and friendly.Had dinner at Mon Ami at the Paris - we sat outside and watched fireworks and the Bellagio fountains. You have to wait quite a while for seating, but if you're in no hurry it's worth it. Great food - reasonable price. Great staff.2nd night went to Tournament of Kings at the Excalibur - great for the kids and good value again - includes food and soft drinks. Show's a bit cheesy but the kids loved the jousting and horses. and eating with your fingers.Had fun.	
Jul 11 2009 	Poor service and poor room at HGVC. Go elsewhere.	No website, including the Hilton's, allows you to reserve a 2 bedroom unit at the HGVC- Flamingo. I emailed the Hilton Hotel prior to making my reservation and was advised in writing to book a 1 bedroom unit, and then reserve a studio, but ask for them to be adjoining. We did this and pre-paid $1600 for 4 nights, which was non refundable. When we arrived 4 weeks later at 4:00PM, we were given two rooms at opposite ends of the hotel. We asked again for adjoining rooms saying we could wait to check in, but we were told the hotel was all filled up. It was not. This was a lie to us by 'Ricardo' at the front desk. In fact, the studio room that adjoined our 1 bedroom (#1243/#1245) remained vacant for the first two nights of our stay. This is the room where our children were supposed to have stayed. We requested that the Hotel manager contact us to discuss our compliants on the room reservation, but this never occured. The only people who called us were the the time share hucksters.In addition the air conditioning in our 1 B/R unit was not working properly and our room was way too hot. I called maintenance twice to look at this, and they ultimately came to our room to fiddle with a switch, but then tell me that the airconditioning was fine. This was the 2nd lie by a Hilton staff member. I checked other rooms on the 12th floor and found their air conditioning was blowing as it should, and their rooms were actually cold. In our room, the air coming from the vents would not even move a piece of paper. My wife and I will never stay in this dishonest hotel ever again. For the amount of money we paid, I only wish we had booked a 2 Bedroom unit with any of their competitors. Had we not been pre-paid, I would have walked away from this shabby establishment. You should go elsewhere to spend your hard earned money.	
Jul 2 2009 	Fabulous staff and accommodation	I can't say enough great things about the staff at this hotel. Their willingness to accommodate me began with my initial phone call to make the reservation to my request for another room after my first night. Again, the staff was great and should probably give tips on service to some of the staff working in some of the other restaurants and hotels in Vegas . The suite was clean and spacious and the pool on the Hilton's grounds was a nice get away from the crowded, party atmosphere at the Flamingo's pool. I will definitely book this hotel again!	
May 30 2009 	Quiet and Calm Yet Close to the Action	We really liked the location of this hotel. It’s right behind the Flamingo, so we just had to walk around the pool area and through the Flamingo casino to get to the Strip. Our room was a king studio suite with a nice view of the pool and gardens. It was a good size with a kitchenette, Jacuzzi, sofa bed and flat screen TV. The hotel was very quiet. There were people staying in the next room, and we never heard them at all. There’s a fee to use the computers, but it’s free to print out an airline boarding pass. The front desk staff was extremely nice. We asked if we could have a late check out since our plane wasn’t leaving until the afternoon, and they gave it to us without a problem. There was a deli that sold sandwiches and snacks, along with various sundry items. Self parking was free in a garage across the street, but there was a charge for valet parking.	
May 21 2009 	Highly Recommend	We have just returned from a 5-night stay here and would certainly return there the next time we go to Las Vegas. We arrived at midday and despite check-in being 4pm we were given our room straight away. Check-in was very quick and efficient. We were in the North Tower which was smaller and were told also quieter than the main building - it was ideal for us. We were on the 8th floor so had great view from our window, over the pool area.When we arrived there was coffee etc in our room. Bathroom amenities were shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and soap, all replaced daily.We booked a King bed studio room and this was very spacious and ideal for us. As there is so much to do in LV you don't spend much time in your room. The room had a large jacuzzi bath and wash hand basin open onto main area with a separate shower and WC.Maid service was excellent, though their duties don't include washing / drying of dishes.The pool area is not very big but still very pleasant. Guests can also use the Flamingo pool and although this was much bigger it was always extremely busy and very noisy.There is a deli on the ground floor where you can buy all basic essentials. We preferred to go to the nearby grocery store, 2 minute walk from the front door of the hotel. Here prices were cheaper. e.g. bottle of wine was $13 instead of $20 at the deli, water was $1 instead of $3.There are 2 computers available for guest use, at a small charge.All staff were very friendly and helpful.The hotel is in a perfect location, only 2 minute walk to the Strip. We took a taxi to Premium outlets, $16 - 20. Taxi to airport was $16.Buses are very easy to use on the Strip - at $7 for a day pass they are great value.Will certainly return here when we are next fortunate to be able to go back to LV.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great location with large rooms for families.	We stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacations at the Flamingo for 4 nights while visiting the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam. The location on the Strip is great. The rooms are very spacious. Our room had a large bedroom with King size bed and then a seperate living area with a pull out queen sofa which accomodated our two young boys. It also had a fully equipted kitchen and washing maching and dryer which was very useful. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and allowed us a late check out to fit in with our flight out of Vegas.	
Apr 21 2009 	Outstanding Vacation	We just had an OUTSTANDING stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club at The Flamingo. The on-line pics .. quite accurate. Our 2 bedroom suite was exactly as shown. Clean. Large. Well maintained. Lobby/desk staff VERY helpful. Just terrific. We'd stay there again in a heartbeat! Great weather helps too :) But, I suggest you DON'T use GrayLine to transport you from McCarran to 'the strip'. We were TAKEN .. well, actually NOT TAKEN. They failed to pick us up AND refuse to return our prepaid transport fee. Won't even respond to e-mails. Great company, eh? HGVC: OUTSTANDING. GRAYLINE: DISASTER.	
Apr 16 2009 	Spacious elegant accomodations in a great location	Recently returned from a trip the USA where we flew into Las Vegas and stayed for 2 nights in a 2 bedroom suite.I am an HGVC member and had used points to pay for the 2 nights. i think it may be quite costly if you are not a member though, but I can understand why. I am an owner at Coylumbridge and have come to expect excellent accomodation and facilities with HGVC but was still impressed at what we found. We were on the 17th floor in the main tower and looked out towards the Flamingo Hotel, gardens and swimming pools. Entry to the suite (which is for 6 but comfortably sleeps 8) was via double doors, into a small vestibule and there were then 2 seperate entrances, one led to a spacious studio suite with king bed, double sofa bed, large flat screen TV, small kitchenette, large open plan jacuzzi bath and dressing area and seperate shower room. The other door led into a one bedroom apartment with full open plan kitchen with marble worktops, all cooking facilites, cutlery, crockery, glasses etc, fridge, freezer, dischwasher, washing machine and tumble drier. There was a double sofa bed, two armchairs, large flat screen TV in the living area and a dining table and 4 chairs in a recess. The king bedroom was enormous with lots of storage space, large flat screen TV, large dressing area with his and hers sink units and a large jacuzzi bathtub. There was a seperate shower room and a further vanity area, again with double sinks.The beds were extremely comfortable with plenty of additional linen, towels etc supplied.All the accomodations, public and outside area's were immaculately presented, and far exceeded our expectations.There was a private, members only fitness room, indoor hottub, outdoor swimming pool and spa with comfortable sun loungers and furniture, towels supplied in abundance. Nice garden area's with covered area's and furniture with gas barbeque's for members use.There was a small onsite grocery store, coffee shop and deli.All in all, 5 star accomodation, friendly, helpful staff and only steps away from the central area of Las Vegas Strip.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great location and comfortable hotel	Just back from a 6 day stay at HGVC @ the Flamingo. We found the location to be excellent - it is only a few minutes walk past the pool and through the Flamingo casino and you are right in the middle of the strip opposite Caesers Palace. Being set back from the strip meant that the hotel felt more peaceful, so it was nice to come back to after a busy day. I used the pool area once and found it well equipped with comfortable sunbeds, plenty of towels, a small bar and a big jacuzzi as well as the pool. The pool area felt quite luxurious in comparison to the Flamingo's pool, which was much bigger but felt crowded and noisy.We had a one bed apartment, with a jacuzzi which was great. The apartment was comfortable and well equipped (eg well stocked kitchen, coffee machine, useful washer and dryer). Our room was refurbished room and not at all pink which was a relief!The only downside was that the place is fairly anonymous, and you're not staying in a recreation of Venice, New York etc as in some of the other hotels. However we had a really comfortable stay, and enjoyed the relative peace of HGVC. The great location would particularly encourage us to return here.	
Mar 28 2009 	Good rooms great location doof for business or pleasure	I stayed at the HGVC Flamingo 3/22 - 3/27 2009. I had a studio room on the 16th floor. the room was very spacious. I enjoyed having a small fridge, microwave and coffee maker. there is an excellent whirlpool bath set up - there is a large opening between the bathtub and the main room, so you can have a good soak and watch TV if you want. There is a separate private shower and toilet area. The TV was a flat screen of decent size (42&quot; ?) and the channel selection was good. service was good - daily maid service and friendly staff all around. Small grocery store and deli on the premises was useful, fair prices and good food and excellent coffee. What really makes this place special is its location. It is at the backside of the Flamingo Hotel, and all the rooms overlook the Flamingo's expansive tropical pool grounds. You can use the flamingo pool (good for kids) if you want to hang with the crowd, or you can use the HGVC's small pool and hot tub. I chose to use the HGCV pool as the flamingo pool had all of the sunny chairs taken. There were kids in teh HGVC pool and they seemed to enjoy it. An earlier post on this site refers to the HGVC chairs all being &quot;reserved&quot; first thing in the morning. As far as I can tell, what really happens is that staff puts a rolled up towel on each chaise first thing in the morning and they are not being held for anyone. Great little pool bar too with reasonable prices. The grounds immediately adjacent to the hotel are a nice place to have coffee in the morning.I used the monorail to get to the convention center each day. The monorail is right behind the HGVC. It is a little convoluted to get to it as you have to exit the Flamingo pool, enter the Flamingo, and then backtrack along the monorail walkway. Not too far and the monorail comes at least every 10 minutes. I also found a really good pizza place in the Flamingo, over by the actual flamingo (the birds) exhibit. I got take out so I could watch a movie in my room and have a pizza and a couple of cold beers. Speaking of beer, I found a small microbrewery place in the Flamingo too - with stout on tap, which seems to be pretty hard to find in this town. The strip is readily accessible through the Flamingo hotel. I found it enjoyable to walk the strip and then take the monorail back and vice-versa.I would recommend the HGVC for business travelers as it is quiet and they have free internet access and can print your boarding passes. I would also recommend this for families, though I can't really imagine bringing my kids to Vegas. The Flamingo pool is the big family draw and the HGVC provides access to excellent pools and the all the Vegas sites without having to expose your kids to really drunk 20-somethings.I am not giving the HGVC five stars because it is not a five star hotel. However, it is a solid four star in my book. I've stayed at the Golden Nugget (a four-start hotel), which is a low four star in my book, and the HGVC room and service quality are better. It just doesn't have all the bells and whistles (restaurants, nightlife, spa etc.) that must be required to be a four-star.Not all was perfect and I have a few pet peeves. Bed was hotel standard - not one of those dream beds you get in some places. Nice down comforter and pillows though. Couch was a twin fold-out, and I find fold-out couches to be uncomfortable to sit on. I would have much preferred a good solid leather chair or two but I guess they are going for maximizing the guest bed potential. The TV is always pre-tuned to the commercial for the HGVC membership, which wouldn't be too annoying but the volume preset is too loud. The DVD player is a great touch, but the DVD rental kiosk downstairs was busted so I was at the mercy of TBS. On business trips I like to splurge for the overpriced new releases on demand and I was looking forward to watching the new Bond movie, but the HGVC doesn't offer on-demand and the DVD kiosk selection, when working, is limited. The room shares a private foyer with the adjacent one-bedroom condo. The foyer door is keyed too which is nice if you want to rent out the whole two bedroom set-up for a larger group. However, both the foyer door and the two split unit doors close really loud, and on my last night my new neighbors were coming and going from 11PM to midnight (they had friends in another unit, had just gotten in and were situating - yup I heard all their conversations in the foyer) and the loud doors kept me awake. I could not hear their conversations once they went into their room.The key positive to me was the grounds - being able to sit outside and relax surrounded by vegetation and no crowds. I could not find any other hotel on my strip wanderings that offered such a relaxing outdoor area. They all seem to focus on the indoors, or close their pool areas at 5 (nice move for business people), or are so crowded as to not be relaxing. So, if you are still bothering to read this rather lengthy review, I hope this has been of help in making your decision. It is a mellow hotel and is a good choice for mellow people.	
Mar 16 2009 	Perfect Location!	My father allowed me use of his timeshare at the Hilton Grand Vacation at the Flamingo March 7-14, 2009. The rooms were recently remodeled and were wonderful. There was an issue two days with hot water. There had been problems with the boiler and it had been replaced. We had to call twice and an engineer was sent up. One night we had to take cold showers. Other than that the issue was handled wonderfully and the staff were very cordial. The location is fantastic. A nice stroll through the Flamingo's wildlife habitat brings you to the Flamingo hotel and casino with direct access to the strip...right in the center! The room viewed the pool and Flamingo hotel. It was very quiet yet close to the activity if desired. I would definitely stay again!	
Mar 16 2009 	I LOVE this property	The first thing to note is that this is not the Flamingo hotel. Some of the other reviews may have confused this with the Flamingo. It is a Hilton Grand Vacations club property which shares the Flamingo grounds. It is actually behind the Flamingo, sharing the walkways and pools with the other hotel.I really enjoyed this hotel for several reasons. First of all I spent the weekend before this stay as part of a larger group at the Las Vegas Hilton and had a horrible time with that property. This property was like a breath of fresh air. My room was available hours before check in and the reception staff was exceptionally professional and friendly. As a matter of fact, everyone I ran across working there was exceptional. The gentleman who worked in maintenance even intoduced himself and offered a warm welcome when we shared the elevator. The valet staff was extremely attentive as was the bell staff. Housekeeping was both friendly and thorough.I loved that there wasn't actually a casino in the hotel because that made it much quieter and less hectic than other area properties. You could, however, easily saunter over to the Flamingo's casino or Bill's. The monorail station was also very convenient and you can easily get to Harrah's, the MGM, Bally's, the Hilton Las Vegas, and the Sahara. Plus, if you don't mind a little walking, you can get the properties that neighbor the ones I just listed.The room itself was terrific. It was a one bedroom suite, complete with a full kitchen (stove, refrigerator, dishwasher, etc.), dining area, washer and dryer, living room area and a bedroom that boasted a two person whirl pool tub. My rooms overlooked the Flamingo grounds and pools and was very quiet.There is a small grocery store/ deli in the hotel and the sandwich I had there was great. There is also a grocery/ liquor store behind the property that was within easy walking distance.I will definately look for rooms at the Hilton HVC at the Flamingo the next time I am in town. What a great experience!!!!	
Feb 22 2009 	Love the renovations!	This was our second stay at the HGVC Flamingo and absolutely loved the renovated rooms. The granite counters, and cherry wood cabinets really improved the decore, along with new tile, flooring, and furniture. Service was excellent and the front desk was very accomodating in allowing for early check in and having our friends on the same floor. We enjoyed the deli/store on the first floor. Very good breakfast wraps and sandwiches which were very reasonable. It was nice to have a relaxing breakfast in the room as opposed to waiting in line at the cafe in the Flamingo Hilton. The pool and hottub area was very nice and an even bigger bonus was that the pool was heated, A nice perk when the weather is only in the 60's with very cool nights. The locatation is also an asset to this property as it it centrally located on the strip (behind the Flamingo Hilton) and has a monorail stop on the property if you do not have a rental car. We certainly look forward to a return visit!	
Feb 14 2009 	Enjoyable convenient location	Spent 5 nights with my family at a two bedroom suite at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Flamingo. The two bedroom suite is really a one bedroom and a studio with a combined entry way. The staff was helpful - including the pn-site concierge who got us some good deals for shows. The property is &quot;off the strip&quot; and shares the pool area with the Flamingo. The weather was junk while we were there - cold but the HGVC pool and hot tub were heated and open, while the Flamingo pool was closed. Valet parking is $9 a day but there is free parking in a parking garage shared with O'shea's and the Imperial Palace. We self parked and had no problems finding space. The property does not have a casino which is a nice respite from some of the casino hotels. There is a small but well stocked canteen but there were groceries nearby (~3 miles) if you planned to cook. The kitchen in the one bedroom was well fixed - full size stove and refrigerator, plus a microwave. We cooked breakfasts to keep the costs down. We'd go back.	
Jan 9 2009 	Good Stay at this Non-Casino Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for a business convention for 3 nights.Had a very nice corner 1 bedroom suite on the 8th floor facing the east and the airport.Check-in was very efficient and felt very secure when you have to enter your key 24 hours a day to get to your floor.Pros:During the winter months, the Flamingo Pool is Closed, but this hotel has its own pool and hottub that is open from 6am-10pm daily.The hotel has its own entrance so you don't have to mess with the Flamingo Hotel traffic.The proximity to the monorail is great right in front of hotel.Room was very comfortable and had a whirlpool tub as well as a walk-in shower .The front desk and lobby area are very big and they have a motorized piano playing nice music.The hotel has a small grocery type store and sandwich making place as well.Cons:Upon checking in i was told i could show my white charge card and charge things to my room,but after going to numerous restaurant and shops at the Flamingo that was indeed not the case (nor had it for over a month)Brought it to the attention of the front desk and was told that they would look into it.Note:I would stay here again though since the hotel is mid-strip and close to a lot of things and restaurants.The	
Nov 25 2008	splendid	Just returned 23/11/2008  My wife and I have stayed in a few hotels in Vegas over the years including Golden Nugget, Ceasers Palace M G M  and this R C I exchange was the best thing we could have done. It was better than any hotel we have stayed in and the staff were  excellent.	
Nov 4 2008 	A Grand Time at the Hilton Grand @ Flamingo	Overall experience: This property, if a little dated, is well-appointed, has a terrific location, is very quiet (save for the construction noise during the day) and the staff is friendly and efficient. Our experience using this property as our home for 6 days was very positive. Following is a categorized breakdown of my opinion. Since we had it booked for 7 days (on an RCI points trade), we didn’t have to checkout until time to head to the airport for our evening flight.Décor: Well, the first words that popped into my head as we stepped through the doors of the condo were “Miami Vice”. The rose hues are definitely 80’s. Good to know the property is slowly being renovated. Appliances a little old but everything worked. TV in every room in case DH missed watching his stocks nosedive on the Business Channel.Roominess: This place had tons of room - even had a front entrance. Bigger than my first house. Main suite had master suite, full kitchen with banquet seating (for 6) and living room. Girls’ bedroom (separate unit) was huge as well with jetted tub in bathroom. Beds were kingsize “honey, are you there?” but a little firmer than the pillowtop I’m used to.Amenities/Facilities: A store on the main level for basic condo necessities (frozen pizza, ice cream, nachos, alka seltzer) as well as some pizzas, salads and sandwiches made on site. Prices reasonable and very convenient. Valet parking friendly and efficient - no hunting through a parkade trying to remember where you parked. Use of Flamingo swimming pool (popular on sunny days so get there early) and big hot tubs. Monorail station is steps from back (or is it front?) door but we never heard it. Owner’s lounge on main floor has scheduled activities (Halloween wine &amp; cheese contest while we were there). Concierge desk (never used), workout room (again, never used but lots of neat equipment).Staff: From the Managers to the Housekeeping staff, everyone was pleasant, helpful and friendly. Made us feel they wanted us there. Even the security guard who kicked DH &amp; I out of hot tub after midnight was pleasant.Location: You know what they say in real estate – location is everything. If you want centre-Strip living with at-home amenities, this is it. During the day we could walk through the Flamingo pool area, past the grounds with cute little duckies, humongous goldfish and, of course, flamingos and into the back door of Flamingo. Actually, from the back there are 4 doors leading into the Flamingo. What I didn’t understand is how people can sit outside Flamingo around the birds and fish and sip on their latte with the poopy smell – yuck!Economy/Value: We all know that eating out in Las Vegas can be pricey. Bear in mind that I have 2 kids who, whenever they are home have their heads stuck in the fridge. This was a great chance to take advantage of a fridge/stove/microwave/coffeemaker/toaster and buy a few groceries. Breakfast was mainly in the condo, sometimes a sandwich for lunch. Munchies and booze rounded out the shopping list (our grocery stores don’t have liquor). Feeling a little peckish around midnight? Make yourself a grilled cheese with a glass of milk. Since this was an RCI exchange, we didn’t pay much out-of-pocket for the unit so it was an absolute steal.I have been to Las Vegas 15 times. This is the first time for our kids. I would say that staying in a condo was the best choice for us. We had plenty of room (remember, 3 tvs), saved a bit on food expenses and were close to the action. Can’t wait to go back to Vegas (my 2nd home) and would love to stay again at HGV @ Flamingo – this time in a renovated suite.	
Sep 30 2008 	Excellent Location Location Location	This was an RCI trade. I had never stayed in Las Vegas before for vacation so I was not sure what to expect.We checked in late Sunday evening and it went very smooth. We had rented a car and the valet was great. Cheap money for the week, about $40 and easy access. Also since HGVC at Flamingo is behind the Flamingo, street access is simple. You do not need to drive down the strip.We were the first ones in a newly renovated 2 bedroom suite. 42&quot; flat screen tvs in the living room and studio and a smaller flat screen on the wall of the master bedroom.All upgraded granite counters. New furniture. Everything was great.Both rooms had jacuzzi tubs and separate showers. The new shower heads had no pressure adjustments and stung when you used them. If they had a way of turning down the water pressure or using an adjustable head, I think it would have been better.The only other thing that I would prefer they changed is the old 1970 hotel style heating and cooling. The temperature gauge went from cool to heat. Then there is the switch for low, medium and high fan and another switch for low, medium and off. I would prefer a thermostat with a temperature setting that allows the fan to turn off, but otherwise it functioned fine. You have complete access to the Flamingo pool, but since we were there the end of September, the pool closed at 4pm because it is &quot;OFF SEASON&quot;...although it was 96 degrees out.. Strange....HGVC also has their own pool next to the Flamingo pool. It is fenced off and only accessible to guests of HGVC. It is smaller with a hot tub, small bar for drinks and a nice pool. It is much quieter and open until 10pm. This was great.The people at the HGVC were excellent. Always smiling, always saying hello and very helpful. Any issues we had were addressed almost immediately.My brother in law was in a wheel chair and we were able to rent an electric scooter type chair in the lobby. The bellman, Jesus, helped us get a good discount off the original listed price and we appreciated his help. There is a a deli that has good food and is reasonably priced. Overall, I would stay there without question. The place, the people and the location is fantastic.	
Sep 2 2008 	Vegas without the crowds and noise	The major complaint about Vegas hotels is the crowds and casinos one must deal with when simply trying to get to your room. Hilton GVC eliminates all that. The hotel is attached to the Flamingo, so you share all the Flamingo's amenities, like their great pool, zoo and casinos. Even better, the hotel is right on the monorail stop.But best of all, the hotel has its own entrance, no casino and terrific rooms. The hotel is a suite hotel. Upgrade to the one-bedrrom and get a sepearate kitchen (a huge one at that), sitting area, bedroom, free wi-fi, private pool, sundry shop with affordable prices, and friendly staff. Check-in was a breeze, the room was clean and quiet, and I could be in the Flamingo or on the Strip in two minutes.Vegas is about the shows and gambling, but the Hilton GVC proves you can still enjoy a quiet, sopisticated room while enjoying Vegas.	
Aug 17 2008 	Can't go wrong with this hotel!!	We are Hilton Grand Vacations Club members and LOVE this property! We planned a wedding for our daughter who is in her 30's and didn't want a big ceremony - Vegas came up as a fun destination where she could be married without a lot of formality - What a great time we had. We had a small wedding at one of the local chapels, then returned to the Hilton for the reception, where we had food platters catered to the poolside - Mr. Tom Hickman and the staff there were so nice and handled it all!! They kept the pool bar open for us and it was all PERFECT. They handled everything via phone and fax and I could not have been more pleased- the location is the best part of this property - short walk to the Flamingo casino, monorail stop or anywhere else you want to go. Sure, some of the rooms are dated, but who's in the room!! The staff is super at this property and everything is always clean and well maintained. We've had nothing but good service and wonderful times every time we visit. We have not stayed at the other two Hilton timeshare properties due to the convenience of staying at this one! We never rent a car when we go to Vegas. If we're going somewhere too far to walk, we take the bus or a cab . Always great fun!	
Aug 9 2008 	Hot week in Las Vegas	We spent the week at the Hilton Grand Vacation at the Flamingo during the week of 7/27-8/2. The average temperature for the week was 105 degrees.Check-in was smooth; we stayed in the North tower, on the fifth floor. Attached are some pictures from our room.The room was clean and spacious. There was a Jacuzzi bath tub for two next to the queen size bed. There was his and hers sinks. The maid service came once on Wednesday, it was complementary.We paid to have the car valet for the week. It cost $40; I think it was worth the fee. I believe the parking garage is a ways away from the Hilton.We had full use of the Flamingo's pool. It opened everyday at 8 AM. By 8:30 the Flaming pool would be near capacity. The pool at the Hilton was nice as well. They have a bar located by the poolside, as well as cabanas with misters. They also have a gas grill that you can use; we chose not to use the grill. We ate out during our trip.The Flamingo casino was about a 7-10 minute walk from our room. Caesars casino was about a 10 minute walk as well. There is a side street behind the Hilton which takes you to center strip.I've been to Vegas many times, and for a timeshare, this is by far the best location because of the proximity to the strip.The Hilton also has store which is reasonably priced.	
Jun 17 2008 	Good location but desperately needs a renovation	Convenient location to the strip, very helpful &amp; friendly staff, and spacious rooms however, the rooms are directly out of the Miami-Vice TV show and not my taste level at all. I had a 2 bedroom suite overlooking the pool which was nice but the lime green and magenta color palette was a bit (hmm) ugly. Management says they are in the process of renovating the rooms but I wasn't able to view one. Hopefully, they will be updated nicely. Thanks to the location and the staff, I had a great time overall.	
May 29 2008 	RUDE - Filthy - SLOW	While staying at the Hiliton Grand vacations club at the Flamingo in Las Vegas I surprised to find my shoe stuck in a pile of human feces while walking down the hall from my elevator to my room.The management took 45 minutes to clean it up, would not clean or replace my shoes and repeatedly accused me of being the one deficating on the floor.The other members of my bachelor party were with me when we were returning from the casino at 8am and can certainly vouch that the crap was left by someone other than me. I have video proof I will be posting when I find the place to upload.	
May 8 2008 	Great location great city	We bought a time share at the grand vacations club and I was very very impressed. Let me tell you one thing that may change your minds about this hotel. It does not have a casino, nightclub, or any of that jazz. The hotel is classy, with big rooms and a nice location. The hotel has a shared property with the Flamingo, so you are free to use their pool (incredible I may add), casino, and all of their features. The location is superb. The monorail is right outside your door, and although you are not &quot;on&quot; the strip, the flamingo is right next to caesar's palace, Bellagio, Bally's and many others. Great hotel great location, no complaints.	
May 5 2008	Thermastat Nighmare	We stayed at the Flamingo Hilton fron April 27 through May 1, 2008. Check in process was excellent. We were given a room upgrade by booking on Expedia. The upgraded room were rooms above the 8th floor which were recently renovated. It was a gorgeous room with a large flat-screen HD TV, large walk-in shower, new bed and furnishings. The only MAJOR problem with the room was the thermastat. They were motion-generated thermostats, which means that the air-conditioner only came on when there was motion in the room. For instance, if you left the room and there was no motion, upon your return, your room temperature would go back up to 80. There was also no air conditioning when you were sleeping. It got so hot in our room at night, that I had to waive my hand in front of the scensor every ten minutes to activate it. When I called for maintenance, they told me that there was no way to turn off the scensor. If you do decide to go to the Flamingo Hilton, make sure you ask for one of the old rooms with the normal thermastats. Good luck.	
Apr 24 2008 	Great room and location	We stayed for a week during April 13 -19 2008. Check in process was excellent and after refusing a 2nd floor suite we were upgraded to 7th floor at no charge. One bedroom suite was just what we wanted and had a great view of the pool area's of HGVC and Flamigo. Access to Flamigo's pools was great. Non casino environment and distance from the strip was a plus at night. Proximity to strip was a plus during the day. Short walk through or around Flamingo and you were in the heart of the strip. Used the free parking just off the hotel and was not a problem at all and saved $8 per day on valet. There was always a space in garage reserved for HGVC guests. Hotel staff was just fabulous, and friendly. Deli in hotel was small but had great food and coffee (starbucks). Kept the coffee cup as refills were much less expensive. Rented a car and had easy access to the main roads in each direction. ie..30 min to Hoover, 4.5 hours to South rim, 35 min. to Red Rock Canyon...etc.. Did not use the monorail as it seemed quite pricey and walking the strip was very easy as long as you have good sneakers. Saw Spamalot and Ka and walked both ways to each show. Would recommend both but get twofers at Travelzoo or someplace else. Was at HGVC with two teenage boys and they both enjoyed the place also. Played tennis and enjoyed the pools on off travel days. I think they are closing around July 1 for renovations but we loved our room with the full kitchen, washer/dryer, BLENDER, etc.....would highly recommend this hotel for anyone...price was right also.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great place to stay	We have just returned from a 10 night stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club. We were very impressed from the moment we arrived by the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. We stayed in a one bedroom suit which we found very clean and furnished to a high standard. There was a large Jacuzzi, which we enjoyed after a long day of gambling. The kitchen had everything you needed. It is ideally situated behind the Flamingo which is located in centre of the strip. Grand Vacations is very peaceful and quite. There is a Deli on site which is basic but reasonable and also Valet parking with a charge of approx £16 per week, this is well worth doing.We are seasoned visitors to Vegas and have stayed at several strip hotels and we both agreed this vacation was the best yet.We hired a car for 8 days which I would recommend as it gives you the opportunity to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip now and again. There is so much to see that is not too far to drive, like the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and many more places. There are some very nice hotels that are worth visiting that are not on the strip, The Green Valley Ranch, South Coast, The Orleans. These hotels offer lots of activities other than gambling. Like multiplex Cinemas and bowling alleys. They are also less crowded and less Smokey. All restaurants in Las Vegas are now non smoking. We are looking forward to returning and staying at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club again.	
Feb 23 2008 	Close to Everything and Good for Your Money	This is a wonderful place to stay at. This is just what i wanted. It had warm water to take a shower, comfortable bed, and close to everything. To me thats most important when your only spending 10 hours in it.	
Jan 23 2008 	HGVC - great property close to the strip	My husband being active duty Army, we took advantage of Hilton's &quot;Vactions for Veterans&quot; program and stayed 3 nights at the HGVC - Flamingo for free. Hard to beat. I thought they would put us in an older room. But we arrived at noon, well in advance of check-in and not only was our room ready but it was newly redecorated with a great view of the pool area and the Strip. Full kitchen, king bed, great view--You couldn't ask for more. Every staff member went out of their way to be kind to us (especially the valet and the front desk) and the conceirge made reservations for me at the Flamingo spa no problem. The room was clean, neat, and well-appointed. Jacuzzi tub for 2!The only issue is parking. Self park is a good 10 minute walk from the room and accessibly only from the outside. That would be terrible in summer. Pay the $6/day rate for valet and come and go as you like. No restaurant on the property but the Flamingo is within walking distance.	
Oct 13 2007 	The rooms...ugh! But everything else is pretty good!	Negatives: Rooms - The rooms are very dated and way below Hilton standards...don't be swayed by the Hilton name! It is much more similiar to a Comfort Inn. Plus, really noisy doors when you stay in the studio rooms! Positives: Location - You just need to walk through The Flamingo to be on The Strip. Pool - You have access to the Flamingo's pool with the &quot;resorty&quot; poolside waitress service and waterfall,etc...nice enough but it is crowded and smokey with loud music. The Hilton's pool is small but nice and less noisey. The pool bar is GREAT. Frozen drinks were $4.50 vs. $10 at the Flamingo and $12 at the Wynn! Deli - The on-site deli was great and a nice break from the Vegas-over-the-top-prices!	
Aug 26 2007 	Great location - okay property	This is one of the timeshare properties for Hilton Grand Vacations Club (HGVC). I was told this is one of their original properties, purchased around 1994. It is on the grounds of the Flamingo Las Vegas. However, we discovered that they are no longer affiliated in any way.Hilton has a much newer, nicer property at the north end of the strip, but you can't beat this one's location. It is on the strip behind the Flamingo which is next to Bally's and Paris and across the street from Caeser's and Bellagio. Check-in was good, however the parking for HGVC is actually about a five to ten minute walk to the Flamingo's employee garage which has NO ELEVATOR'S, and guests can only park on level three or higher (because this is the employee garage for the Flamingo). It would have been nice to have been told this by the check-in desk. Do yourself a favor and drop you bags off at your room first if you're parking a car. And be careful because the walk is behind the Flamingo on an access road that doesn't always have a sidewalk. Imagine walking in the street in Vegas with luggage while delivery trucks and taxi's speed by. It is the most ridiculous parking situation I've ever seen -- but it's free!The HGVC has it's own pool/jacuzzi area which is separate from the Flamingo. This is a good thing as the Flamingo pool area was always extremely crowded with hundreds of people and lots of kids (as well as really murky, cloudy water).The HGVC has a deli/market open until 10pm with a pretty extensive variety of items. Think of it as a cross between a small convenience store and Starbucks. It also serves breakfast sandwiches, wraps, subs, and pizza. And if you're an owner you get a 10% discount on all purchases.Our unit was a one bedroom apartment. On the plus side, it was a good size and was extremely clean. On the negative side, the decor was obviously inspired by the Flamingo in the early 90's and has a Golden Girls pink/green theme. The stove and microwave in the kitchen were functional, but old. The bathroom was enormous, with an extremely large jacuzzi tub that easily fit two people. However, the sinks and tub were very dated. My biggest complaint was the sofa in the living room was very old and had multiple stains.I have one complaint in terms of service --- the binder in your rooms that explains &quot;owner&quot; benefits include a 10% discount at all restaurants at the adjoining Flamingo Las Vegas as well as any Flamingo Las Vegas logo items from their gift store. As I mentioned earlier, the Flamingo and HGVC are no longer affiliated in any way and the Flamingo did not honor this 10% discount AT ALL. I brought this to the attention of someone at the check-in desk and she shrugged her shoulder's and said, &quot;Yeah, it's real hit or miss. The manager is trying to work something out with them. You can fill out a comment card if you want&quot;. I told her it was not the fact that the Flamingo wasn't honoring it, it was the fact that the binder in my room says they are! Change the binders if you no longer have an agreement! I realize this is not a huge issue, but it irked me.Overall, this property is for you if you are interested in a central location on the strip. It's clean and spacious and the staff were (overall) extremely friendly and helpful. However, the property itself is not up to HGVC standards and could use an update.	
Aug 8 2007 	Location or Accommodations?	As a new HGV Club member in 2007, I have managed to stay in only a few HGV resorts. However, I have either stayed at or had a tour through all 3 of the Vegas properties. Overall, I would rank this one ahead of the HGV at the Las Vegas Hilton but behind the new HGV on the Las Vegas Strip (north part of Strip, near the Sahara). While the staff were very nice and the accommodations were everything I needed (although dated), the location of this HGV property is the biggest benefit vs. the others for those who want to be in the middle of the action on the Strip. It's a very short walk to the Flamingo hotel/casino and once you're there, you're right across the street from Caesar's.I am sure I will stay at the new HGV at the north end of the Strip as it is more opulent and comfortable at some point, but when you're meeting friends or just want to be in the action, the HGV at the Flamingo is the place to be.	
Jul 29 2007 	Hotel was just what I expected	Stayed here for 4 nights and it was great. Definitely use the valet as its saves you walking to the garage. The guys were so helpful and fast. No lines here and the pool was never crowded. We tried the Flamingo Pool one day and you had to get a chair by 8am or forget it. The Flamingo had what looked like a million people in their pool by noon. So we came back to Hilton pool and there were chairs and about 7 people in the pool. The rooms here are soooo big and clean. 1 bedroom with kitchen and liv/din and a huge jacuzzi. I would recommend this to all and come back to this Hilton. Its close to the strip. Wear sneakers as you walk everywhere.	
Jul 16 2007 	Just an OK stay	Stayed at the Flamingo - HGVC - from 7-8 thru 7-15-07. 104 to 114 degrees that week.We stayed here for a week through an RCI exchange. This was just an OK experience. Stayed at other 'resorts' and had better times - Loved past stay at the Mandalay Bay on the Strip! Arrived in Las Vegas and rented a car since we planned to go out and about to sight see (Hoover Dam - Lake Mead - etc). Self parking is free - valet parking for the week is $30 - plus your wait time. The property is located behind the Flamingo Casino (Hilton Flamingo... Hilton GVC...). Walking distance to Bally's, Harrah's, Bellagio etc. If you want to go along the Strip and see the various casino's - purchase a 24-hour monorail ticket ($9) since there is a station connected at the Flamingo. Monorail runs from MGM to the Sahara. There is a separate monorail that runs from the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay. Reserved a 2 bedroom unit which turned out to be a 'Master Unit Room' and general 'hotel room' attached. This composed of two bedrooms (king beds) with TVs, w/a DVD or VCR and a sleeper sofa, two hot tubs (a single and double), two shower stalls, small kitchen, dining table, sleeper sofa and living room area with a TV. Beds were super firm, basic 'hotel' type bedding - nothing dreamy or super fluffy about them. Couch had minor stains from leftovers. Walls were dirty with handprints and food stains in the kitchen. Dishwasher, coffee makes, toaster, etc. Sub par cleaning performed or at least to my personal cleaning standards. Room overlooked the pool and faced Bally's. Towels in unit are basic hotel towels - nothing fluffy or luxury about them. Elevator had foul order. Washer dryer in the unit is super small efficiency type. Two shirts, two shorts and maybe a pair of undergarments was pushing it's capacity.HGVC provides dish soap, single use laundry soap box, 2 -1oz coffee packets, 2 dishwasher packets, bathroom soaps and shampoo/conditioners, 1 paper towel roll. Nice touch.The staff were very nice. Registration Desk - Welcome Desk - Concierge - bellhops - pool bar staff - etc - everyone was very very nice.The picture of the resort is shot looking from the Flamingo Casino looking though landscaped trees into the Hotel court yard - pool area. You register behind all this off the drive up entrance to the Flamingo next to an alleyway. The HGVC has it's own pool (only 4 feet deep), a 15 person hot tub outside and a 8 person indoor tub. Small hotel size workout facility. Guest also have the usage of the Flamingo pool and grounds. The Flaming has a very large pool (3.5 - 4 feet deep only), life guards, has a kids slide at one end, a separate European sunbathing area - adults only &amp; a pair of tennis courts. About the pool area - When we were there, adults would go down to the HGVC pool starting around 6am to reserve Cabana's (there is a total of 5 available - they have fans and water-misters) and chairs. Very annoying since it was the same families time after time. I complained to the pool staff and had their items removed from the Cabana since the family left for the other Flamingo pool for over 2 hours while leaving their item within the cabana. A lot of kids, a lot of teenagers and young adults. Loud music plays at both pools. Heavy smoking going on around the pools too.. since the HGVC is non-smoking inside. 2nd hand smoke all around the pool. Parents at times put their kids - in diapers - into the pool - GROSS! When we were their - a child (4/5) swallowed too much pool water and puked his lunch into the pool. Hence it was shut down and needed to be cleaned for the day... There is a small deli on site - good food at a nice price. There is a pool bar, $5 for weak drinks though. Nice bar tenders.	
Jul 11 2007 	Would go back any day	Our first time in Vegas, and can't say enough about a GREAT place to great stay ! Middle of the strip (had a rented van, but never used it during our 4 days there) with PEACEFUL gardens &amp; spacious room to relax . Hotel shares tropical garden &amp; pools &amp; water slides / falls with the Flamingo; alot happening there, but nice to come back to the peace of this hotel. Great staff, clean rooms, easy access to room, workout room, small deli with good breakfast sandwhiches. Went with our 3 kids (ages 14 - 22) to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary, and everyone loved being able to spread out in the room, even my reluctant outdoorman husband.From here headed to Grand Canyon, Sedona, Mesa Verde and S. Utah national parks after; Vegas is a great start and stop point.	
Jun 24 2007 	Ok if you like some time off the strip and still be there in a minute	This is an ok hotel close to all the action and still nice and quiet. The hilton Hotel staff was nice and courtesy, however I found the cleaning not good and was amazed to find bottles from customers before me! The room comes with jacuzzi, nice kitchen area as well as a soft and comfortable bed. Idue to cleanliness I don't give them top ratings!	
Jun 21 2007 	Great location Great staff Great place	My wife and I stayed here for a week recently. This was one of the best experiences I have ever had. We flew to Las Vegas and took a limo to the property. The lack of a car was not a problem for a few reasons. First, the property is located right on the strip behind the Flamingo hotel. You are within comfortable walking distance of Paris, Bally's, Caeser's Palace and Harrah's. It is also a short walk to the Mirage, the Venetian and Treasure Island. There is a monorail station directly behind the Grand Vacations Club. You do have to enter through the Flamingo. But being so close to a station is a major convenience. It is so easy to hop on go to the MGM Grand, the Las Vegas Hilton or Sahara.The room we had was a two bedroom. It came complete with two hot tubs, a full size kitchen and dining and living areas. The beds and all furnitue were comfortable. Because all rooms face the strip, all rooms have terrific views. We were on the top floor. From our room we had a perfect view of the fountain show at the Bellagio.The staff of the hotel was flawless. Whether it was checking in and out, getting a cab, tickets to a show or a dinner reservation. The staff were so willing to help. Top notch.Last and certainly not least was the grounds of the property. The Grand Vacations Club shares space with the Flamingo. This includes the pool, tennis courts and the gardens. The Flamingo gardens are gorgeous. There are penguins, turtles and of course, flamingos. Very romantic spot for an evening stroll.	
Jun 8 2007 	Very nice timeshare centrally located	This is a very nice timeshare that is also rented out on a daily basis. We had a 2 bedroom suite which was very spacious and comfortable with full kitchen and laundry facilities, 2 jacuzzis, living and dining area. Location is excellent, just behind the Flamingo (which is in the midst of all the action) and is easily accessible via the Flamingo's sprawling pool area (also open to HGVC guests). There is also a smaller pool exclusively for guests. There is a small deli on site and 2 internet computers on the ground floor, with a small charge. Decor is a little dated though, with shades of floral pink throughout. The HGVC is a very good option for those who prefer a more homely and family friendly environment rather than the busy and noisy atmosphere of a casino hotel. The half-price ticket booths (there's one at the Fashion Show Mall and another at the Coke Bottle building) are good value -- we saw Mamma Mia, among many others, for half price and it was excellent! The $5 a day deuce bus is also good value for traveling to the South or North Strip.	
Jun 1 2007	Brilliant destination...Loads to do!!	I spent 2 weeks in Vegas last June, it was brilliant. We stayed in the Flamingo Hilton which was very reasonable..decided to stay here because it was one of the first hotels in Vegas...the original flamingo was built by Bugsy Segall.When we got there we had been allocated a terrible room, so I complained and got a free up-grade with fantastic views over the strip and opposite Ceasers palace. Thing I reccomend to do:Loads to do..We did the helicopter tip to the Canyon...well worth it!! Went on all the rollercoasters the Manhatten Express was fastastic and Stratosphere tower the rides are crazy!!! We saw many shows I can reccomend Jubilee, Ka (was amazing a must see) Blue Man group and mystere.Take as much money as you can cause there is soooo much to do. Go and see the sound and light show downtown at the old part of vegas it's cheaper to eat and drink there too.Shopping is fantastic...go to fashion show mall near Treasure Island.We hired a car and drove to death Vally and stopped off at the very eeerie junction, beautifl landscapes at furnace creek. We also went LA which was pretty cool. Go to Calico which is a little ghost town it's a bit touristy but quite good!Oh and go to the Hoover Dam visitor centre it's very interesting!!!I would definatly go back to Vegas but maybe for a week next time!	
May 20 2007 	Highly recommended.	Excellent in all respects. We had a one bedroom suite which was spacious, clean and very comfortable. The location is perfect for the strip. Pool area very pleasant, access is restricted to residents only and hence is quieter and much more relaxing than the Flamingo pool, which you also have use of. Hotel also has an indoor and outdoor hot tub, sauna and small gym. There is a deli on sight which is not expensive to buy provisions. Above all the staff were always so friendly and helpful, with nothing being too much trouble.	
Apr 24 2007	A Good Alternative When Room Rates Soar	We stayed at this place for two nights in April, 2007, because casino hotel prices on the Strip were sky high.It is a pleasant place, delivering what it promises. We had a big room with sitting area, small kitchen, and spa bathtub. Our room was quiet and had a pleasing view of the Flamingo pool area and Strip.We found the best deal for parking is to use the valets at the Flamingo Hotel. They gave excellent service.	
Apr 2 2007 	Perfect Strip location lovely grounds	We traded a week through RCI for this timeshare rental. We had two adjoining units. A one bedroom studio (king bed, couch, table 2 chairs, shower, toilet, big tub, kitchennette) and it adjoined with a common entrance area to a 1 bedroom suite which had (king bed, jacuzzi, shower, toilet/vanity area,) and a kitchen/living room/dining area. The unit was clean and had a nice view of the pool and we could even see the fountains at the Bellagio between two buildings. I didn't use the pools because we had a few very cool days but there were people that were enjoying them. It's just a short walk to the Flamingo Casino. There's a small onsite deli for your convenience. I really enjoyed the stay. We parked for the week and were out in the car often because our mother couldn't walk very far. The valet service was great and very fast.	
Jan 19 2007	A Great Week in Vegas	My husband and I, and my parents, stayed here for a week during the CES show. The rooms were beautiful and had every thing we could want. We had a two bedroom lockout unit which gave us (and Mom and Dad!) plenty of privacy while still being in the same suite. Our coffeemaker broke the first day and someone was there within ten minutes with a replacement and complimentary coffee. Everyone was more than nice, and helpful! I requested a high floor with a SW view of the Bellagio fountains if possible and I was thrilled when we got it! The location was the best for everything we wanted to do. We rented a car to visit friends outside the city and parking was free. We walked everywhere, and the monorail was right outside for my husband to take to the show. We will DEFINATELY stay here again next year!	
Jan 1 2007 	A little dated but great location!	My husband and I normally stay at the new &quot;Las Vegas Strip&quot; property up the road and off the main strip, but couldn't get reservations. The room itself was a bit dated and probably could use a little remodeling; however, everything was clean and the one-bedroom unit was very spacious. The bed was comfortable and the jacuzzi tub was quite large. Two sinks made getting ready to go out very convenient. We also like having the convenience of the washer/dryer and kitchen/eating area. More than anything we really liked the location. It was nice to be able to walk through the beautiful grounds over to the Flamingo Hotel next door, which had everything from stores, bars, casino and restaurants. We went to the Sunday brunch buffet at the Flamingo, which was quite reasonable and included all-you-can-drink champagne!! The biggest drawback was the valet service. They refused to put more than one valet on per shift and we waited a minimum of 20 minutes each time to have our car brought out to us. That got to be especially annoying as it almost made us miss dinner reservations and threatened to make us late on the morning we were leaving to catch our flight. At this busy time of the year, HILTON...put on an extra valet!! Otherwise, we had a great time....	
Nov 28 2006	Consistency at the Flamingp Hilton	The Flamingo Hilton right on the strip is always my hotel of choice whenever I am in Vegas. The location is right on the money and the service across the board is consistant all the time. I choose to stay in the &quot;Lindy Towers rooms&quot; as they are very quiet and I always get a room away from the elevator and ice machine and the general mayhem of a casino hotel...the grounds are breathtaking and beautifully maintained as well as the pool area, although at holidays they are very crowded. The casino is just the right size for an amateur like myself and I never feel overwhelmed. With access to the strip right outside the front doors you can walk to all the other major hotels and just sightsee all day....Good location, great service, good food, in a friendly atmosphere what more do you need. And you can get a good nights sleep as well. Have fun MsCBJ	
Nov 27 2006 	The Great and Average	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights. Our room was beautiful!!! Our bathroom was BEAUTIFUL!!! We had a nice small kitchenette area. Our room was very spacious. We had a huge open 2 person hottub to the left of our bed which was really nice. Our bed....was like sleeping on a brick. It was by far the most uncomfortable thing I've ever slept on. It was so hard, it actually made my back and neck hurt when I did get up when I did manage to fall asleep. My guess is they use these kind of beds so people won't sleep so they can be in the casinos! Lol! It was bad! The room was great though. The pool looked wonderful, it was huge, with waterslides running into it. There were people everywhere, sunbathers everywhere. We never swam the whole time. My husband attempted to go in once and said the water was like ice. But there were others in the pool. They had 2 nice hottubs we used that were nice. Pool area was spacious and nice layout. Front desk did not go out of their way to be friendly if you had questions etc.... We did use the Valet parking daily..I forget the fee but it was fine and they were always nice. In the main Flamingo hotel there is a resturant in the back right that has an AMAZING breakfast buffet!!!! I think we paid between 18-23 pp. but it was definatley worth it! We had breakfast there every morning and loved it! If you sit by the lower windows you can watch the penguins and flamingos outside. All in all we had a very fun trip and would definatley stay here again, but I will inquire about the beds first to see if there's been a change!	
Oct 20 2006	Location location location!!	As a seasoned yearly visitor to Las Vegas, we've stayed at numerous timeshares and hotels on the strip. Finally we were able to get in at the HGVC Flamingo from 9/16 to 9/23/06. The location on the strip couldn't be better and being located behind the Hilton affords you peace and quiet just minutes from the noise. We had a top floor, two BR unit that was very comfortable for 4 of us. Being in Vegas can be exhausting and we felt both king size beds were very comfortable and the area was so quiet and peaceful. Security was excellent, ammenities were many and the only complaint I had was trying to snag a chaise at any of the pools. What a beautiful tropical environment, yet if you didn't get a chair by 9 am, you probably would not get one until the shade moves over the pool from the Flamingo. I would stay there again in a heart beat !	
Sep 25 2006 	Wonderful experience	We had a week at the Flamingo Hilton Condos in Vegas. It was convenient, comfortable, and beautiful. Across the pool and you were in the Flamingo Hilton hotel with many restaurants and casino action. We had a 2 bedroom, 2 bath (2 units together) with the most wonderful relaxing jacuzzi tubs in the world.Service was impeccable. Staff was friendly. I would definately stay there again.	
Aug 1 2006 	Couldn't have been better!!!!	Just got back from a 4 day stay at the HGVC Flamingo. Could not have been better. We were in the South Tower, which was close to the Flamingo's side enterance. That was very convenient because we went out our back door to their back door. Room was great for 3 adults. I was with my mom and my sister, 2 adults in a private room and a pullout couch for the third person. One bedroom with full kitchen. The Flamingo had a pool party every night that appeared to be geared to the 20 - 30 plus crowd. The music was great as I could hear it outside of my window!The location couldn't have been better! In the middle of the strip in walking distance to the other hotels. The 24 hour grocery store was not even 10 minutes away (driving) and we had a nice amount of snacks to cook and in the fridge to save $$ on food.There was a time share presentation, but it was not real high pressured...it worked for us okay. We found out the day before we left that there was a trash and linen shoot to take out dirty laundry, etc. Because it is condo-style, don't expect a maid every day. Hey, it was just fun to leave the room topsy turnsy just 'cause we could!!The Flamingo spa was at our back door, and we enjoyed a pedicure / manicure / massage / work out / jacuzzi just a hop, skip, jump away!! Room comes with VCR, just call downstairs for DVD player and your'e all good. CD player by the bed came in handy when the sound of the TV got on your nerves.Would defineitly book and stay there again.....plan on going with 2 other couples in January. Great room, location, and extras!	
Jul 30 2006	HGVC Flamingo and Flamingo Hilton: Not the SAME	My wife and I purchased a timeshare here one year before it was built and have no complaints; especially considering it's a timeshare! You may want to consider looking into the low-pressure sales talk, etc...if you enjoy world wide travel. We've never regretted this.Anyway, the previous reviewer complained about the escalators, etc...Sorry, but you were at the wrong place. HGVC Flaming is behind the Hilton, you were at the Hilton Flamingo. Your cabbie was new. Anyway, we're checking in tomorrow and will be walking to dinner at Batista's Hole in the Wall, which is one of the best Italian restaurants in Vegas (200 yards away). Just wanted to make sure you know there's a big difference between the Hotel-Casino property and the HGVC....two different owners, names and standards.	
Jun 19 2006	Nice but noisy!	Everything about this condo was nice except the noise from the pool party next door at the Flamingo every afternoon between 4 P.M. and 8 P.M. The booming bass from the music was unbearable and the DJ yelling out over his mike about contests and beer specials and free alcohol was totally annoying. Inside our 2 bedroom condo on the 14th floor, all we could hear and FEEL was the booming vibrating bass! It was horrible.There's no way you can relax and take a nap before evening activities. Please don't get me wrong....I love party music but this was painful. The stage is closer to the Grand Vacations than the Flamingo. As soon as the music starts, folks move away from the stage. Can't they take a hint and turn it down. It's soooo loud, the music is even distorted. Not quality. But.....if you like to pole dance and watch people get drunk and spill red drinks all over the place go for it.	
May 11 2006 	Excellent Location and Pool	Hilton Grand Vacation Club at the Flamingo is among the best located properties on the Strip. Just across the street is the Bellagio and Caesars Palace, and a short 10 minute walk is the Paris Hotel and the Eiffel Tower.The HGVC Flamingo is on the east side of the Flamingo Hotel property. The HGVC can be used as a timeshare or can be rented out by the night just like a regular Hilton hotel. We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite (which included a kitchen and jacuzzi) at the HGVC and actually paid less for our room than the going rate for a small bedroom at the Flamingo hotel. Our room was clean, bright, and all the utensils were provided in the kitchen. The room even included a washer/dryer. You won't find a better deal on the center strip than this !What really makes the HGVC a special place is the enormous pool area. The HGVC has its own private pool for HGVC guests only, but HGVC guests are free to use the Flamingo pools as well. At last count, I saw 4 different pools on the lovely grounds. The live Flamingos roaming the grounds add a special feel to the place.At the HGVC you won't have to deal with smokey casinos as there is no casino inside the HGVC. But don't worry, if you want to gamble, just walk 5 minutes across the pool grounds and you will be inside the Flamingo hotel casino, along with shops, restaurants, and the Flamingo buffet. I've stayed at many of the Las Vegas hotels and the HGVC is the most relaxing of all.	
Apr 7 2006	A nice timeshare property	Since I had stayed at Hilton hotel last year, I got a phone solicitation from Hilton to come down to Vegas for a timeshare presentation. After the cash and food comps, the room cost me about $40 for a 2 night stay.The one bedroom suite was spacious and clean. It was also very quiet but that may have been because we had the room at the far south end of the 6th floor. We didn't share an entry way with a studio room like some of the other one bedroom suites did. The only problem with the room was the corner of the wallpaper by the shower was peeling up slightly. The maid service was great. They even did the dishes for us every day.And the timeshare presentation we got was very low pressure. But that may just have been our salesguy &quot;Big Jim&quot;. Just telling him that we couldn't afford the 10% down seemed to be enough.	
Mar 8 2006	Quiet - but beware of timeshare pitch!	My husband surprised me with a trip to Las Vegas for my birthday. Because I'm a Diamond Hilton member, he booked this place - not knowing it was a timeshare project. We were not upgraded upon check-in, but did receive deli coupons (for overpriced, inedible breakfat selections). The one-bedroom was great with an enormous, jetted tub. However, we were constantly awakened by our neighbors going in and out of their room. There is one central double door for two rooms - then another door once inside the central area. Be warned that this is not a regular hotel. The only maid service was changing of the towels and our bed being made. There is no other cleaning beyond that. There are no restaurants on property - only a deli with nasty, overpriced food. The staff was not informed on the restaurants or shows of the area. And the main activity of the place is selling timeshares. Be aware that if you refuse their first offer of &quot;cash or chips&quot; for 90 minutes of your time, they may up the ante (after all, this is Las Vegas)!	
Mar 4 2006	Another nice stay at the HGVC at the Flamingo	Stayed here Jan.13th(Friday) thru Jan.16th(Monday). Had another nice stay here (first time was Aug 2002), we chose to return here mostly because I thought it was the most reasonable rate for a room with a jacuzzi. The location is excellent, you are a short walk to the Flamingo which I would say is about right in the middle of the strip. The monorail has a stop at the Flamingo(the monorail is pretty much in the parking lot of the HGVC) this was a surprise since it was not here in 2002. We did not ride the monorail since some friends of ours stayed here at the HGVC also, so it was cheaper just to take a quick cab ride. Both times we have stayed here we have never been bothered by the HGVC trying to sell us a timeshare, I wish I could say that for everywhere else we walked, it seems Vegas has discovered the timeshare in a big way. This time we did not have our children with us and had a studio instead of a 1 bedroom. Overall the 1 bedroom was better(duh) but still the studio was quite nice. Overall the stay was excellent and would easily stay here again.	
Feb 26 2006 	Disappointed	I was really disappointed with this Hilton. We stayed in a studio room (I am a Hilton gold but was not upgraded at check-in). The timeshare part of this hotel was on the verge of harassing, as they would call us in our room a few times a day leaving us message after message. The few times we were in the room and answered the phone, the gal wanted to know how many of us there were, was I there with my husband, etc. and she was very disappointed when finding out I was not interested in the timeshare part. Still, that did not stop the phone calls from continuing! Finally, after 4 days of this, I went down to the desk and asked to speak with the manager. She was very nice, understanding, and put an end to the phone calls for the rest of our trip. It's ironic that this hotel would push the timeshare here anyway as the towels are very thin (even had a few with substanital holes in them), the floor of our shower had part of the tile missing, and our bed was really hard,uncomfortable, and on two different days was made up with stained sheets! Definitely not up to par with the other Hiltons I have stayed in. The tub and the kitchenette were nice but didin't make up for the negatives. There are so many better hotels in Vegas. I won't be staying at this one again.	
Feb 22 2006 	Good Alternative	This property is a timeshare, not a regular Hilton Hotel. There are some advantages, and some disadvantages to this.The property is just behind the Flamingo hotel, off the Strip. You'll want to explain this carefully to the cab driver, or you'll end up either at the Flamingo (and have to drag your luggage through the pool area) or at a completely different Hilton.As a Hilton Gold, I received a free upgrade to a one bedroom suite, which has a kitchen, dining area, sleeper couch, king-sized bed, and enormous jacuzzi. There is no restaurant, so I received a $10/day credit for the small deli just off the lobby.Thare is a two-part check-in: first you get your key at the front desk, then go to another desk for your deli credit/welcome packet. I found the questions at the second desk intrusive - the receptionist wanted to know if I was married and if my husband was accompanying me. Although I know this is part of a &quot;qualification&quot; for the timeshare sales pitch, I found it off-putting and potentially dangerous as a woman travelling alone (the questions were asked in a very loud voice in a very public area).The hotel does offer free wireless internet, but I found connectivity very slow and erratic.I thought the best feature of the room was the small washer/dryer - this allowed me to return home with a suitcase full of clean clothes. The pool also looked very nice, but was closed during my stay for maintenance.	
Feb 21 2006	Family Comfort	My family and I went to Las Vegas to attend my brother's wedding in the Flamingo Hilton Chapel. We got a room at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club just across the pool area of the Flamingo Hilton. We absolutely loved it. We had everything a family with children could want a secure room and refrigerator, VCR, jacuzzi in the room, microwave and coffee machine and a fabulous deli downstairs. Best place for the price. You can cathch the monorail just behind the hotel. Quickest check-in and check out service I have ever experienced considering it was President's weekend and packed.	
Jan 23 2006	A disappointment to me probably ok for families	I've stayed at a variety of hotels in Vegas in the past and this is the least favorite of them all. My husband and I stayed for 3 nights. I was very disappointed with the quality of the room in comparison with other Hiltons and with the other hotels on the strip. The bed was very hard, low thread-count sheets, lumpy old polyester pillows, and thin towels. The in-room jacuzzi tub is rather dated and didn't work very well - plus there was a film on the water.If you have a family, then this would probably be a great place since they have a kitchen and in-room washer/dryer. The room was clean and housekeeping came in daily.If you are a couple wanting a romantic weekend or are used to a higher standard of hotel, I'd recommend that you stay at one of the nicer hotels on the Strip. Unless you want to cook meals while you are in Vegas, I don't see any point to staying at this resort.	
Jan 2 2006	Best on the Strip	The Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Flamingo – Las Vegas is the best deal on the strip. We have stayed at many of the other resorts on the strip, and now have found our “home”. The rooms were awesome! We had the mini suite which came with a refrigerator with icemaker, microwave, kitchen sink, garbage disposal, dishes, silverware, coffee maker, in-room safe, Jacuzzi, tv with VCR, and high speed internet. There is a shop and deli downstairs, so you can easily stock your mini kitchen. (The prices are very reasonable). Try it out – you won’t be disappointed.	
Dec 30 2005	good value	Stayed at the Flamingo 12/19 and 20. Booked thru Travelocity for $45 per nite, with &quot;Free tickets to Wayne Newton&quot;. Called hotel (box office) way ahead of time re show tickets, and was told to see box office at time of check-in, that no reservations could be made. Called Travelocity way ahead of time and was told the same thing. Went to box office at time of check-in to get my tickets, and the lady looked at me like I was from Mars. She told me that it was sold out for both nites. Relayed this to front desk, who was quite apologetic, and offered $60 credit at one of the hotel restaurants (Italian) as compensation. This meal was pretty good, altho I would have rather seen Wayne, dankeshane(sp ?). Hotel room was large and very nice, especially for the price. Hotel overall was very nice and well located. Excellent value. Would recommend. See the penguins, etc.	
Nov 8 2005	Just what we needed.	My girlfriend and I stayed here using a weekly timeshare from Sept. 25 - Oct 2. She was not really interested in going to Las Vegas but we also had a flight voucher we did not want to waste. Since she was not excited about Vegas I made plans for us to drive to Sedona, Arizona for 2 days. As soon as we arrived at the Flamingo we went for a walk to survey the grounds and we were very impressed with the large pool areas, gardens and even Wedding Chapel. On the Flamingo Hotel side there were penguins and other exotic birds, including...Flamingos of course. The bright sunshine and mild breeze enhanced the beauty of this area. The room was immaculate in our eyes and in good condition. A 2 person jacuzzi tub in the bedroom and a very nice living and dining area. Our view was over the pool area. Not a spectacular view but nice still. After spending 3 days traveling through Arizona, we couldn't wait to get back to Vegas. Although we loved Arizona too, the accomodations at HGVC were just so homey. My girlfriend ended up loving Las Vegas and now wants to visit every year, because there were so many things to do. We bought bubble bath and used the jacuzzi tub about 3 times. If we get to return to Hilton Grand Vacations at the Flamingo again we will spend the entire week enjoying the accomodations and relaxing more. No hassling to buy timeshare. They asked once when we checked in and that was it. We have no complaints. We were close to all of the most popular casinos...be prepared to do a lot of walking so bring comfortable shoes. Would definitely recommend, for families too!	
Aug 17 2005	the heart of Vegas	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Grand for a week over 4th of July and found it to be a great place as it was just off the strip but close enough to walk to the Forum and all the other casinos that are &quot;in&quot;. Flamingo,Ballys, Bellagio and Aladdin are within walking distance. The pool was wonderful with cool water with the Flamingo adjoining the Hilton Grand. Several restaurants nearby including the world class Spice Market buffet at Aladdin and all the food you can dream up at Forum shops. Dollar drinks next door at the Barbary Coast, Jimmy Buffet's Margartitaville and dance clubs for the hip are there for people watching. Shopping is high class. It was the best trip to vegas yet! The cabbies were strange and a little reckless....Don't miss Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill in Harrah's for the best southern cooking and large portions. we skipped the Monorail when we found out it takes up to 4 hours to do the Strip due to 10-20 minute stops but it would be a cool ride for sightseeing. Mandalay Bay has House of Blues and Hard Rock Casino which are good for sighting famous stars. Have a real Nathan's hot dog upstairs at New York, New York. The list of things to do just goes on....we went to comedy shows on this trip and loved George Wallace using our comps at Flamingo to get free tickets. When we got totally worn down, the quiet room at the Hilton was just what we needed to refresh and get ready to go again! The whirlpool tub was soothing for sore feet, beds were comfortable, and ice box handy for drinks and snacks from the Deli store. Highly recommend the stay here, even has a washer and dryer in the suite so no dirty laundry to haul home.	
Jul 21 2005	Love this place	We stayed here June 5-8th, having stayed at most of the other hotles on the strip and at the risk of people finding out about this place, it was the best hotel I've stayed at. The room was great, the only two small complaints were the VCR-come on people these went away awhile back and the hard/firm bed, but the jacuzzi, the kitchen, the location is unbeatable. My wife has bad knees, this place is so convenient, you just go downstairs and you are at the pool, there is a second quiet pool area, that has free cababannas available on a first come basis, they have plugs for a blender or whatever, the Flamingo pool really faces this time share, you get to see the beautiful waterfall area, also the handicap parking is right outside, the valet here is like $8 a day, skip it, you can park in the genral parking garage of Flamingo its just a few feet away, or if there is a handicap spot its literally feet outside, also they loan free wheel chairs, another lifesaver, I would return to this place in a heartbeat, this place has such easy access compared to the Flamingo, its a three mile hike from the regular Flamingo hotel back to get into the pool, I would gladly pay the $200 or so that it costs per night, the place has serious value for the money and if you want to cook you could save a fortune in food costs, we just had coffee and pastries we brought for breakfast, still save a considerable amount of $$ on food because coffee at the Flamingo gift shop is like $2.00. If you love the Flamingo and I do you will reaaaaallllyy love the HGCV Flamingo, its like being a VIP, from the jacuzzi in the room, to the doorbell and the entryway, everyone should see LV this way...BB	
Jun 17 2005	Vegas + GV Flamingo = good times	I was impressed with the hotel! We stayed there for a week, and enjoyed the fact that we were not in the middle of the hustle and bustle of casinos. We regularly went to the strip and enjoyed Vegas life, however when we wanted to relax we could. :) The view from the room (top floor, pools) was very nice, and the room was very accomodating! Pullout was pretty crappy, but the one bedroom bed was nice. Jacuzzi was great to get into after walking around all day and night. Loved the 2 bathroom sinks, with two couples it was almost like having separate accomodations. Kitchen was well kept. The apt could have had more garbages and more clean up detail, as that would be nice. Bellboys were fantastic. Deli is average, watch the prices. The only thing that would have been nice is if the tour buses could pick you up at the GV, instead you have to walk to the Flamingo. A little scary at 6am on our way to the Grand Canyon! No complaints about the room, Vegas is awesome, can't wait to go back!	
May 18 2005	Lack of attention to detail	This was the second time I stayed at the Flamingo Hilton. The first time was great. I was on the top floor for a week and had no problems.There were several problems on my second stay. The bed was as hard as a rock. I got little sleep the first night. When I got up to make coffee, I found the old grounds still in the coffee maker. On the way out the second night, I complained that the bed was too hard. On my return, I found a rolled up piece of foam rubber. I guess I was to install it myself. That night was no better. The next morning I asked for another piece of foam. Once again, it was left on the floor of the bedroom.Be careful of the whirlpool. I had to rinse the whirlpool out for the first four days. There was a nasty film floating on top of the water. I will admit that when I called for service, the maintenance and housekeeping staff responded quickly.A few days after I returned home I received an email comment questionaire. I filled it out with the information above and mentioned some smaller problems I had. After waiting three weeks for a response, I emailed them again. Still no response. I guess they do not want me back again.Being a time share owner, I am limited to the places that I can stay at, while in Vegas. Thank goodness they now have two more Hilton Vacation Clubs in Vegas.I will not be staying in the Flamingo anymore. Very disappointed.	
May 6 2005	Great Location only complaint food was average	Just back from 8 nights at Flamingo Hilton, 22 April 2005 - 31 April 2005, had a fantastic time, it's right in the middle of party central. You've got Margaritaville in the hotel and Carnaval Court at Hurrahs, right there 5 minutes away. Two great places to go, atmosphere is perfect and its just a blast. The prices for the room varied each nite, but worked out at about £800 for our stay. The hotel's location gets its rating, the rooms are good and the pool area lovely, the food not so good, would definately eat elsewhere, apart from Margaritaville, Volcano of Nachos is a must, plus the other food looked great, but couldnt manage to fit in anymore!!. Just on the doorstep is Paris, Venetian, Bellagio and Ballys, and new hotel Wynn's is just down the road, think its 1 or 2 bus stops. Can't wait to get back again. Last thing is Big Elvis, next door in Barbary Coat, plays Tues-Friday i think, great entertainment, plus 2 4 1 vouchers for drinks always on the go. Do yourself a favour and get urself overthere.	
Mar 28 2005	The Good the bad and the ugly	We just returned from a Wednesday/Saturday stay at the Flamingo. We have stayed here numerous times over the past several years;we do so for the price of the rooms and the location on the strip.We flew ATA for the first time so we could not check in at the airport--we were in Terminal 2; but had no trouble checking in at the hotel at 9pm. We asked for something high, overlooking at least part of the strip. That request was granted but our room was as far from the elevator as it possibly could be--but quiet. We don't go to Vegas to be in our rooms--but we do want a clean, decent room, which this was--one of the recently renovated ones.The two biggest complaints I have with the Flamigo anymore deal with their comp situation and the Tropical Breeze. First you stand in line to get your comps, and then if you want to apply them to your room, you have to go stand in line for the checkout. Since they have done away with late checkout ( unless you want to pay a fee--we were quoted $99 for anything past noon), everyone is in line doing both. It couldn't be that difficult to simply punch in some info on the computer and have the comps simply transferred to your room balance. I know they will tell you that the casino and hotel are &quot;separate&quot;, but I am sure it can be done. Somehow I doubt that the really high rollers stand in line to do this.The Tropical Breeze was not good. We ate at Lindy's many times, but our late breakfast here was terrible--two overcooked Belgian waffles and well done pancakes. We debated between Tropical Breeze and Harrah's late night buffet--we made the wrong choice.We had a great time and the weather certainly beat Ohio's during that time. Mix together NCAA, spring break, and Easter and it was busy. We had luck at a $1 pinball machine at the Bellagio on Thursday and returned to the same machine on Friday and took another $500 from it. Four educators from Ohio enjoyed the sun and fun. We were once again reminded of what a small world it is when we returned our rental car--the car in front of us had five women just driving in from LA--one of whom was the computer tech from our school district!! None of us had any idea the other was there.	
Feb 18 2005	Nice place for families	We have stayed here a couple of times (Summer 2003 and Summer 2004) and I have liked it very much. This time our families got the adjoining suites and the kids had a jacuzzi party going back and forth between the two huge jetted tubs. I have never heard a neighbor here and the annoying helicopter tours I have heard from other hotels I haven't heard here either. The people have never tried to sell me a timeshare and they have always been very nice. I don't even think we would look anywhere else. This has a great kitchen, a washer and dryer in the room, and all rooms, I think, have a view of the Flamingo Pool. Other than trying to cross the street from the parking garage with the kamikazee taxi drivers aiming for you, I felt very safe here also.	
Dec 14 2004	Greatly disappointed	We have visited Las Vegas from England 25 times and have always been very happy with the various places we have stayed until this year. We have visited The Hilton Flamingo on a regular basis but never stayed there before. Whilst the public areas are very good the accommodation is not what one would expect of a Hilton hotel. We did not have a fridge in our roon nor any tea or coffee making facilities. The block of lifts closest to our room was out of order for the upper floors which meant that getting to our room took forever. After a week we found out that they were working but someone had forgotten to remove the out-of-order sign. Our room was not cleaned for three days and when we rang housekeeping for clean towels the chambermaid came and dumped 29 towels and a plastic bag full of shampoos and body lotions etc. on my bed and left. Room still not cleaned. There was an outbreak of Noro in the hotel and people were ill after eating salads. We ate in the Italian restaurant and were served with a cold raw pizza. We returned it and it came back so well done that it was hardly eatable.Never again will we stay there. However I can recommend The Tropicana.	
Nov 6 2004	Fantastic Time	We stayed at the Flamingo for five days during the week of Oct 11, 2004. Had a great time. It was our first time in Vegas and going back next year. Really nice hotel. We were on the 19th floor facing the Bellagio. Saw the water show right from the room. Going back next year for a week this time and definitely staying at the Flamingo. We ate at a few of the restaurants there and the food was good. I booked in American Airlines web site under vacation packages and had excellent rates between air and hotel.	
Oct 13 2004	A Great Place	Stayed here 9/04 with wife &amp; 3 kids. What a great place to stay and save money on eating. Unit had a hot tub, jacuzzi tub, wash/dryer and all the amenities one could ask for. It is right behind the Flamingo and could use either pool. The pool area at the Flamingo is unbelievable! A short walk will get you in the Flamingo and gambling or whatever. We (family) highly recommend this place. Would stay here again no doubt!	
Oct 4 2004	Nice		
Sep 19 2004	my 2 cents		
Jul 25 2004	no slot machines		
Jul 18 2004	Flamingo was Fine!		
May 2 2004	Excellent		
Apr 7 2004	Great Deal if you're on timeshare		
Feb 26 2004	Sleeper Property take a look at the Flamingo		
Aug 29 2003	Vegas loses.		
Aug 5 2003	Great location 		
Nov 10 2002	Loved the heat		
Nov 10 2002	????????		
Nov 6 2009	Superbes vacances		
Aug 30 2009 	?????????		
Jul 30 2009 	??????		
Jul 21 2009 	Mitten im Kuchen		
Jul 13 2009 	???????		
Mar 3 2009 	??????		
Jan 13 2009 	??????????????		
Dec 18 2008 	???????????????		
