Jul 4 2009 	Not too bad	Not horrible and 1 bedroom was big with rotating tv for living room and then bedroom use. No roaches. Vaulted ceilings and quite except for 4th of July weekend. Internet was not lightning fast, and pool was ok- but I just wanted privacy and security. Air conditioner ran extremely cold and the shadow box windows kept it dark when you need it. Only thing is dumpsters were absolutely filthy and security doors were all out of commission. Front desk folks were very very professional and pleasant. Had a 3 week stay and much much better than Budget Suites.	
Jun 14 2009 	Horrendous.	This place is absolutely terrible. During the summer, everything on the first floor is covered in cockroaches and grasshoppers, and if you are without a screen on your windows, they will invade your home regularly.The internet service they advertise is free for a reason. It's never working. It seems to go out at least once a day, and constant short disconnects when it is on are frequent. If anybody in your family even remotely requires internet access, avoid this place like the plague. One of the reviewers stated that when you asked the front desk about the internet, they say the Internet Guy will be over the next day. They actually do say that, but he usually shows up at least 3 days after it has been out. And it's true he doesn't work weekends. I actually met him, though. All I can say is, he either tried to blow me off with made-up excuses, or he actually has no idea what he is talking about. The manager buys the crap-excuses he gives, too.When you can actually connect to the internet, it's slow as hell. The latency is extreme and uploading anything isn't even possible. Trying to upload a video to youtube results in a 3kb/s transfer rate, but it will disconnect before it finishes anyway. If anybody in your family plays online games, the internet here will haunt you for your entire stay.The desk workers are actually friendly, though. I've never had a problem with any staff member, other than the Internet Guy and the manager(s). This place changes managers often. My neighbors had stayed here for a couple years, and they told us that this place has seen at least 6 managers since they've been here. My guess is, the managers can't stand it here either.	
Feb 25 2009 	Absolutely	As a small business owner and trying to stay close to the strip in order to meet with clients, I chose Manor Suites because of the price for the lengthy stay. The entire time I was there, the internet that they advertise as having, wasn't working. When I asked the front desk about it, they kept reponding to me with, &quot;the internet guy will be out tomorrow to fix it.&quot; They don't have a name for him, and I never saw him. Then after almost 5 days of not having any internet access, I called down on a friday afternoon and asked if they planned on fixing it, and I was told that the, &quot;Internet Guy,&quot; doesn't work on the weekend, so he would be out on Monday. I checked out the following Thursday and still had no internet. I had to drive to other places around town just to get any internet service. It was NOT worth the stay if you plan on ever checking your email while in Las Vegas. The worst service ever. I wish that when I showed up they would have told me that for the next few weeks I wouldn't have any way to do business over a computer. But then they wouldn't have my money.	
Jul 27 2008 	beware ..cockroaches!!!	I booked for a week stay at manor suites. I only lasted 5 hours. When i first stepped into the room, there were two dead cockroaches (one in the tub and other in a corner). I made my husband look through every nook and the biggest cockroach came running out! I mean big!!! We went down to the front desk to check out immediately.... it was late and the person at the front desk couldn't refund our money until the manager came in the morning. They moved us to the other side of a different building. In the morning , the manager fully refunded our weeks stay! i was expecting to at least pay for the 5 hours i stayed awake on the couch : ) ..Staff was friendly and professional. If i wasn't with my husband i would have not felt safe in the neighborhood.	
Feb 11 2008 	Don't Stay Here	We were quoted a price for weekly stay with maid service. When we got there they jacked up the price and when we showed the girl the literature with the price right on it on the desk, she said they hadn't gotten around to having new ones printed. After paying $70 extra for maid service, we finally tracked down a maid on our 5th day there and got some clean towels, the bed changed and the bathroom sink cleaned. Never saw them again and we left after one week. The stove has one burner without a drip pan and two burners that don't lie flat on the stove. Food scraps left in the cupboards, cat hair embedded in the filthy couch and floors dirty. Carpet under the bed looked as if it hadn't been cleaned in months. If you don't mind inflated prices and filth, this is for you.	
Sep 29 2007	Internet is Awful	The place had friendly staff and good service, but if internet is what you are looking for, do not come here, it is so slow, and it cuts out all the time.	
Sep 5 2007	I think they're going to stiff me on my security deposit	Stayed for a bit over two months pending a move to a permanent place. Gave them cash for the pet deposit.On check out, the manager walked through and said everything was fine, that the entire deposit would be credited to the credit card on file. We pointed out that we paid the deposit in cash and wanted it refunded the same way. She refused, we insisted. Suddenly she says that only $50 is refundable.What the....??Walked out, cursing and swearing.I should say there are those on staff who do everything they can for the guests.But what kind of behaviour is that from a manager?	
Dec 9 2006	Don't Do It!! Don't Stay Here!!!	I'm not a picky person to begin with, so for me to say a place is terrible--It's REALLY terrible!! We stayed only one night in a 2-bedroom suite. Sure, the lobby looks okay, but the room itself was just plain nasty! The sofa, carpet, kitchen floor, bathroom floor, were either stained or in a state of disrepair. The room smelled like cigarette smoke so badly it stuck to our clothes. I was really disgusted sleeping in the bed (also stained), but I had no choice (it was too cold to sleep in the car!). We chose this place last minute to accomodate a relative who was staying with me and my husband and we wanted 2 separate rooms. It was way too expensive for what we got, and if they offered me a room there for free, I still wouldn't stay there. Please beware of this place and stick to a well-known chain, OR a place that has more than just one good review (I made the mistake of going by what one other reviewer stated and regretted it)!	
Nov 27 2005	Best Extended Stay Hotel I've Ever Lived	I HIGHLY recommend the Manor Suites located at 7230 Las Vegas Blvd South (----) for any traveler wishing to stay at least a week to several months (this includes business travelers). The property is only 3 years old so the REAL tile and carpeting within the rooms seem like new. The single bedroom suites are close to 600 sq ft (about 200 more than the numerous Budget Suites singles located throughout the valley) and contain full size couches, televisions and refrigerators. The beds are Serta KING size mattresses and the rooms have something I have never seen at an extended stay: blackout box windows where the room is in complete darkness (if you choose)! The staff was excellent and allowed payments up to midnight of the day you stay without late fees (and only $5 per day thereafter- unheard of). The community is gated with electronic keys and the hotel is just far enough away from the strip to keep the riff-raff out. However, buses are available right in front of the property, or a short walk to the Las Vegas Outlet Mall (about 1/5th mile). Excellent! HIGHLY recommend it.	
