Nov 22 2009 	Utter Disaster	What a shame. The Meridian seems like it could make for a really great stay in Vegas, with its convenient location, 2 gorgeous pools and lovely plantings on the grounds, the suites themselves tastefully turned out with nice furnishings. But the beauty of the property was matched by the total disaster that was our booking broker, Travel Link. This organization cannot possibly be legitimate, because no legit operation would cause the single worst experience I ever hope to have while traveling. My company booked 9 apartments (the Meridian is a mix of actual homes and condo's for rent) during April 2009 to accommodate our group, two people to each apartment. We booked a YEAR in advance. Travel Link only came up with 7 apartments for us in the end, breaking the contractual promise. Luckily we had one no-show in our group, and someone else stayed in a different place last minute. It was a major battle to obtain the keys..the KEYS to the rooms...a major battle fraught with many phone calls...yes, simple room keys should be a no brainer. It only got worse from there. Some rooms had no power, some had no water, some had no cable. One of the apartments, the rightful owners walked in on us, expecting to stay there themselves for the week, seems Travel Link had somehow given us an apartment that was already occupied? Awkward! Two of the seven apartments literally got seized by the bank DURING our stay. Imagine being on a business trip, coming back to your room from your daytime conference to find a foreclosure notice and your door bolted shut. The police had to be called because my colleagues were unable to get back inside to rescue their belongings! It turned out that in the year since we booked, the Meridian had lost its hotel license and wasn't supposed to be leased, which explained the lack of any normal amenity such as keys, room service, a front desk or concierge, maintenance, Internet, cable or actual access to the place -- we had been promised the gate house for meetings, and poolside breakfast, both of which were denied because of the whole licensing issue. Lack of all those amenities was twice as disappointing, because we had conscientiously sent an advance scout in October, from Boston to Vegas, specifically to confirm all of these details. Who is that careful? We are. But it didn't help, it was all smoke and mirrors. Talk about a bait and switch. From keys to lack of wifi to strangers barging in, so many things went wrong that week that several of us quite literally ended up in tears. And it's not over, Travel Link is still wreaking havoc -- when our credit card bill arrived, it showed that they had charged us not for 7 rooms, but for 18! Shocking. We're still dealing with that fiasco with our credit card fraud division. The only way I would ever recommend the Meridian is if a) you confirm with the city of Las Vegas that they have their hotel license back and b)you do NOT book via Travel Link. I must take a moment to say that the guards patrolling the property and manning the front gate are very courteous, and sympathetic, seems they're all aware of the situation at this place and do their best to at least be kind to the poor walking wounded unlucky enough to have booked a stay. Never again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Travel Link - Beware of Booking Through Them	Beware of booking at the Meridian through Travel Link. We have to hire a lawyer to get our money back for our week long stay.There were a number of issues with our trip. One they put us in rooms that were owned by the bank (we actually came back to the room and it was bolted shut). Some of the rooms we rented were never delivered (we ended up taking hotel rooms). The ones that were able to deliver were unacceptable (meaning no hot water, no cable, filthy etc..).To say it was an utter disaster is an understatement. The people we dealt with - Konstantino Kouris and Alex Wong. They are not a legitimate business. Check with the local police department for complaints. Also check with the condo association for the ongoing law suit and issues with this company before you book.	
Feb 11 2009 	home sweet home:)	it was amazing... vegas was amazing.. meridian means luxury.. meridian means your home at vegas.. i really loved it we stay 3 days at Meridian and ? sware ? could cry while leaving...?t was may vegas home and ? really want to stay there again,again,again :)	
Oct 13 2008 	Very Noisy	Loud Wedding Music and DJ on Saturdays in the middle of the property. Tell them to turn the announcer mike down.. and music... and anyway who is profiting from the weddings. shouldn't us owners share the fees the mgmt is collecting?Every 5 minutes night and day Low Roaring Jets taking off and landing right over the property...Fire station down the street blaring sirens all night long. Pool is not heated.. Very cold even in the daytime. Only one hot tube is working. Air and Heater noise constantly going on day and night even when you have completely turned yours off.	
Sep 24 2008 	Well and truly let down by the Meridian!!	We were due to stay at the Meridian Luxury Suites for our Honeymoon (7th to 22nd September 2008). A day and a half before we were due to travel we discovered (via a review on this website) that the hotel had been closed down!!!The Meridian did not have the decency to contact the travel agent to advise they were closed, and we can only assume that had we not checked ourselves, we would have arrived to find the Meridian closed. What a great start to our Honeymoon this would have been!!We feel incredibly let down and suprised by this appaling lack of communication. We chose the Meridian following excellent reviews on this website, and its location only 2 blocks from the strip. Fortunately, our travel agent were able to find alternative accomodation for us at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club (HGVC) nextdoor to the Hilton. This was after spending 1 1/2 hours on the phone the night before the wedding - I resent the Meridian for ruining what was supposed to be a special time for me and my bridesmaid.On a positive note, the HGVC more than made up for the Meridians shortfall. Their customer service is first class!If you are due to stay at the Meridian, we would urge you to double check your booking. Don't speak to the night time staff - they said 'don't worry, we are still open' !!! What????Apologies for all the !!!! marks folks, we are still feeling pretty raw about our mistreatment by the Meridian.	
Aug 5 2008	Fabulous!	Fantastic Resort!!I stayed July 1st through July 7th for my Fourth of July Wedding Celebration. I booked a total of 10 rooms for me and my 40 guests. All I can say is Luxury!!! When we arrived we were greated by security, who then smiled and opened the gates to the resort. We then checked into our room. Wow!! The rooms are exactly like the pictures and then some. We each had stainless steel kitchens with viking gas ranges, and sub zero refridgerators. The suites have unmentioned high end options such as push button comode with a built in badae... the commode even has a dryer to dry your tushie when your done...The maid service came, while we watched TV, and washed our DISHES, and then refused a tip. We had to basically force her to take the tip, which she split with the other worker.... Nice... My brother’s room had pillars, inlayed tile overlay, on marble flooring, and a full sized washer and dryer... Out of the 10 rooms I booked many were at least 1200 square feet. The largest being 1500 square feet. Over and over agian, each of our guests made comments like- &quot;This suite is like MTV cribs&quot; and &quot;I feel like life styles of the rich and famous&quot;. One guest enjoyed her suite so much, she teared up, explaining this is the best resort she’s ever seen. Hands down, our friends and family were extremely impressed. The resort is the best part of our Vegas stay!! First Class all the way...Traveler's tip on getting the most out of your stayMake absolutely sure you are in a &quot;Platinum&quot; designer suite. The Platinum suites are the only ones that come with high end furnishings and finishes.. 2 bdr 2 bath w/den, can be pretty plain, unless you specify Platinum designer suite!! Also, make sure to get the gate codes to the pool. Trust me this property is high security.	
Jul 25 2008	Glad to hear it is closed	I am not surprised that the Meridian closed down. It was the most poorly run hotel I have ever stayed in. We had 6 rooms for a family reunion and all of them had problems ranging from no air conditioning to no hot water to no electricity whatsoever. They kept moving us around to different rooms that were not any better saying they &quot;could not fix the problems&quot;. The staff was friendly, but not helpful, check-in took forever, housekeeping service was all but extinct, none of the 3 gate keys we had to use ever worked, etc. Kudos to the city of Vegas for closing them down!!	
Jul 16 2008 	Meridian closed	I also received a messasge on my phone the night before I was flying from Anchorage to Vegas that the Meridian was closed due to a code problem or something. I was also offered the same rate at the Westin for one room. I had booked a two bedroom suite for 5 people so one room would not work. I called the Meridian but it was late and no one answered. The next morning I received a call from Meridian and they were very sorry but said the county made them close and they would not be reopening for a while. I was told I would receive a refund for the night I had paid for. Have not checked the credit card to see if it's there yet. Last minute booked two rooms at Planet Hollywood. Drove by Meridian while I was in Vegas and it was dark. Was very disappointed but still had a great time in Vegas.	
Jul 15 2008	Careful booking right now - not accepting short term reservations	Just a quick FYI that we were booked into the Meridian for July 22-26 and received a call on the 13th to advise that they no longer have their 'hotel' license...and are not able to accomodate anyone who has booked in with them for anything shorter than 30 days. They had transferred our reservation to the Platinum (another condo hotel) across the street - and had told us our rate and nights would be honoured. We were told that they are hoping to be up and running within 90 days after they fix whatever small details were required to get their license back. We booked based on the many phenomenal reviews here at TripAdvisor, and to be honest, if and when they get their license we'd likely try it! We were pretty disappointed, and pretty panicked, as well. They did try and accommodate as best they could. The new booking at the Platinum, however, did not go terribly smoothly and while that hotel can now accomodate us for the dates we need (couldn't at first) we have made arrangements elsewhere.Just a note if you are planning to travel there anytime soon!	
Jul 13 2008 	Meridian didn't deliver	To celebrate a friend's milestone birthday, I booked a condo at the Meridian for three female friends and myself for the night of July 11. I booked months in advance. Passing thru Vegas in April, I had gone to the property to make sure it was nice, clean, safe, etc. It looked great and we looked forward to staying there. On July 10 at 6:30 p.m., I received a phone call at home from Expedia advising me that the Meridian is not accepting guests at this time. Since we were driving to Las Vegas the following morning, I was in a real jam to try to find adequate accomodations with such little notice. The reps at Expedia had to try to placate any guests who had booked through them. One of the reps who helped me called the Meridian twice and spoke with Tim, a manager there, who insisted that the best they could do was to give us a room at the Westin (a neighboring hotel). One small room, two beds, for four adult women - not what we had planned. I requested that they at least provide two rooms, but Tim refused. I never did get a full explanation of why this happened, but they could have at least given more notice - if I had cancelled at the last minute, I'd have probably been penalized. I was really glad to have booked through Expedia. Their reps intervened and made sure we had terrific accomodations, matching the great deal we'd gotten at the Meridian. The management at the Meridian, on the other hand, was uncommunicative, unresponsive and exhibited some of the worst customer service I've ever experienced.	
Jul 11 2008 	Will never stay anywhere else in Vegas	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised with Meridian. My brother and I checked in after 11 pm with no problems. Walked into the room and was almost inclined to stay in for the night as opposed to visiting the strip. Very clean, nicely decorated, flat screen TVs in the living area and both bedrooms, private baths off both bedrooms, fully equipped kitchen, the works! It was like home away from home. Granted, we didn't spend a lot of time in the room, since we were in Vegas for obvious reasons, it was great that we were a 5-10 minute walk from the strip. After a good night of drinking, we were able to wear off the alcohol with a great workout in the gym and keep the &quot;jump shot&quot; up to par in the indoor basketball court. Even though I'm not a big fan of swimming, the 2 pools were very enticing. Keycard access to the property made it very secure. I would recommend this resort to anyone, whether is a singles trip, family trip, couples trip, whatever, this is the place to stay. The only non-positive thing I can say is that no matter how much you gamble, you'll never get a free stay. Other than that, All Good!	
Jul 9 2008 	meridian is definitely luxury!	I just recently stayed at the Meridian Suites for 4th of July weekend and it was great! my friends and I got the two bedroom, two bathroom suite and it looked just the way it does in the pictures. full kitchen, modern -stylish furniture, and grreatt beddings! This location is definitely good for families, or for those who want to be away from the vegas crowd, because its much more peaceful. The two main things that sucked about our stay was we didnt have a car rental, so we had a challenge getting a taxi. Since our suite was in separate building far from the front desk, we ended up walking across the street to The Westin to catch a taxi. and lastly each room gets one set of keys to open /close the gates and doors to get inside ...so if you're in a big group and split up, and arrive at the hotel at different times...especially at night, someone has to come down each time with the key to let them in....which i had to do several times! But overall, this hotel is a great, definitely affordable, and i would stay here again..but this time ill make sure to have a car!	
Jul 6 2008 	All Things Considered	If you long for respite from the overgrown old and the overdone young of the Vegas Strip, this is the place for you. No casino. No pulsing music or frenzied lights. The resort has thought of every little detail, and provides a beautiful, peaceful, comfortable home away from home. There is a fully equipped kitchen-so save some dough and eat in.Beware: the resort is not located a block off the strip, as several web sites (and the front desk staff) claim. I decided to walk over based on this information. I live in Boston and am used to my feet being my sole form of transportation most of the time. Once you get even a few feet off the strip the scene changes very rapidly into no man’s land, and though I passed vibrant hotels and businesses, there was a distinct element of seediness. Men who had nothing better to do than slouch on the sidewalk called out to me. One guy in a hotel parking lot hollered at me and when he determined I was ignoring him (I was on the phone with my husband-who had taken our bags over to the Meridian earlier-to ask him where the heck this place was) he began to curse and scream at me. I literally dove into a cab right as he was running at me. I told the front desk about my experience and that they should not be falsely advertising their location. They claimed the area is safe, but then why all the high walls and closely guarded gates? My husband later told me he mentioned where we were staying to a local who advised him to be “very careful”. For optimal safety, plan to use cabs (as we did) to get to and from the strip, or rent a car.	
Jul 4 2008 	Loved it!!	It was the best stay ever!!The rooms are beautiful and very clean. It was nice and quiet by the pool and we loved the pool furniture, very elegant. Walking distance to the strip, which was great. We recommend it highly!(Already book 4 nights for the 4th of July holiday.)	
Jun 29 2008 	an enjoyable stay..	I found a two night stay for a 2 bedroom suite for $371.00 on travel zoo. It worked well for us, 2 adults with 16 and 20 year old kids with us. Clean, comfortable, plenty of room for all. Kitchen was well equipped, and the 3 televisions were nice. Underground parking was easy and the walk to Bellagio was not too bad in the heat of the evening. Check in and out was simple and fast, and the gym was nice and clean. Cant recommend this for young adults as there were little kids at the pool and I cant imagine them tolerating much &quot;marco polo&quot;. The pool area was very nice, lounge chairs comfortable and plenty of towels. For a family traveling to Las Vegas it sure beats cramming into a small hotel room on the 20th floor of a high rise. It is very family friendly!	
Jun 25 2008 	luxury resort feeling right off the strip	I stayed at this resort the first week of June with my family. We stayed in a 2 bedroom unit. From the second we arrived I was reassured that we had found the best place to stay in Las Vegas. The property is very secure, clean and very well kept. the staff are very helpful and friendly. We were very surprised when we walked into our unit and it actually looked just like the website picutres. The counters were marble, the look and feel was very modern, and it was very spacious. The units are fully furnished, including washing machines and dryers, and all the appliances you could need in the kitchen.The pool area was amazing. Laying by the pool, it was very easy to forget I was in Las Vegas. It felt like I was at a top resort, and then when we went out for the strip was only a few blocks away. I will definetly stay at the Meridian again and recommend it to anyone else who is looking for a get away in Las Vegas.	
Jun 24 2008 	Thrilled to find the Meridian!	Compared to other upscale resorts we've enjoyed, the Meridian is truly the best for overall value and accomodations. The staff was wonderful and the security is excellent. The two bedroom suite was gorgeous, immaculate and it exceeded our expectations. The grounds are beautiful and we loved the 24 hour pool. We'll definitely stay again.	
Jun 19 2008 	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay	As a family of 5 with teenagers, we were thrilled to find a place where we could stay and spread out a little. We were just a block or two off the strip - in a prime location - right in the middle. We rented a car at the airport so we could do some side trips, so we didn't actually walk to the strip. Most of the hotels have free parking, so we didn't incur any additional parking costs.Our condo was fabulous behind gates with a guard, and underground parking with a remote for the gates. The condo was totally redone with travertine floors, granite in the kitchen as well as stainless appliances, modern furnishings and very comfortable beds. With three TV's, there was plenty of opportunties for different TV shows and quiet naps at the same time. We never got a chance to spend time at the pool, but it was lovely.We will definately stay here again - it was fabulous, and away from the madness of the strip.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great Las Vegas Value	This hotel was a very pleasant surprise. After finding a great price on Expedia we found this hotel to be above and beyond what we expected. The furnishings in the rooms were contemporary and absolutely stunning. The rooms were very spacious and the recreational amenities including the pool were top notch. The hotel also had a great location with it being just a few blocks from the Strip. The staff was very pleasant and accomodating even when we had to change rooms due to a piece of furniture breaking in our room. Overall this hotel offered a great value and we thouroughly enjoyed our stay!!	
Jun 9 2008 	Fabulous Oasis amid the mayhem that is Las Vegas	We have just returned from a wonderful stay at The Meridian Luxury Suites on East Flamingo, Las Vegas. My good friend and colleague and I had been in Las Vegas at a business conference and had three extra days available as free time. We were looking for a tranquil haven away from the bright lights and noise of the Las Vegas strip and we found a peaceful oasis in The Meridian. The rooms were fabulous, we had a two bedroomed suite, which consisted of 1 king sized bed in one room with en-suite bathroom and walk-in closet with french windows onto the balcony. The second bedroom was also very large - queen-sized with separate bathroom, each with its own loo so you can be completely self contained and not need to enter into each others space. The kitchen was fully equipped with full sized american side by side fridge freezer dispensing ice and water. There was a large combi microwave plus cooker and oven and full-sized dishwasher. The floors are marble in the main lounge and kitchen and worktops are granite. Bedroom floors are plush carpet, which is lovely underfoot. The living space is well proportioned and very well decorated in a contemporary way with leather furniture and a huge plasma tv, plus plasmas in both bedrooms (which we didn't use). There is a coffee machine with coffee supplies for guests to use, plus all other self catering equipment. The rooms are fully air conditioned and ours had a washing machine and dryer, iron and board and everything else you might need.The only maintenance issue in the room was my shower door didn't run smoothly and came off the runners on one occasion but these small issues are immediately rectified by Rebekah Desmet the Hotel Manager, who is completely charming and really cares about the guests' well being and ultimate satisfaction. Rebekah went that extra mile to ensure we had the best experience possible during our stay and even bringing the guests out some bottled water to the pool one afternoon.The pool area itself is sublime, with crystal clear water and tropical gardens surrounding the paved area. The gardens are tended well so everything is lush and flourishing - I even caught sight of my very first humming bird just by the poolside which made my trip! The sunbeds are the most luxurious I have ever seen and there were plenty for everyone so no towels on the beds early here! I would thoroughly recommend The Meridian to anyone who wants a calm oasis amid the mayhem that is Las Vegas, you will not be disappointed.	
Jun 7 2008 	Horrible Manager	Stayed at the Meridian and was expecting a quite stay. It was totally opposite of what I expected. The night that I checked in my internet did not work. I reported it on the day that I checked in and The maintenance man came in the next day to try and fix it and he told me that there was a billing issue. My toilette was clogged and it took them 2 hours to get it fixed and I was expecting visitors that night. So I told my friends not to use the tiolette until it was fixed. I called 3 times before they got somebody up there. The alarms went off very early in the morning, it was a rude awakening, that was fine. We are tolerable to these circumstances and understand that these things happen in any bussines. We called to know what i going on and it was a false alarm. I asked the frontdesk the name of the manager and told them my situation. I gave my information and asked the frontdesk to tell the manager to contact me. The Manager's name was Mary Hervy. I never got a phone call. I was not expecting any compensation or anything just an appology. I feel she thinks that she's to important to talk to us. I called back and asked if I can be transferred to mary and the frontdesk agent told me that they donot transfer calls to that office. What!!!!? still I left my info and for 2 weeks now still no response. That is so professional. This is the 4th time I stayed here and the 1st three stays that I ecountered was exellent and the frontdesk staff was pleasant. I did have some problems before but I was always awknoledge by male manager and I was pleased, but the last time was the worst experience I have ever encountered and to my surprise no respone from them. I will not return here ever again. The hotel is beautiful but the manager/s, service and follow up is horrible.	
Jun 2 2008 	Never again will I stay here	I have never written a review before but after my experience at this hotel I felt that something needed to be done. My husband and I go to Las Vegas at least once every year and this year was the first time that we decided to stay at a non-casino hotel. Let me begin by saying it is a beautiful room....and thats it. The pool water looked dirty there was hair floating in it and leaves and this was on a Sunday at 7am. But let me go even further into it by saying that after a long Friday my husband and I returned to our room around midnight and went to bed at around 3am we were awakened by rude party goers 1 floor below and we tried to ignore it but after about 20 minutes I called the front desk to see if they could ask them to quiet down. Well it was nearly 4am when I finally got back to sleep. Around 5:56am I woke up since it was quite bright from the beautiful sun when all of a sudden the fire alarm rang! My husband shot up out of bed and my ears where in pain I called the front desk and they said there was no fire and they could not explain why the alarm was going off but did say they were working to stop the alarm......well after about 20 minutes of that scorching alarm we decided to get dressed and out of there and for someone who takes about 2hours to get ready I was out the door at 7:30 and the fire alarm was still ringing! It was horrible! We returned in the afternoon and thankfully the alarm was off but there was no explanation as to what had happened no acknowledgement that anything had gone wrong. I agree with one of the other reviews that mentioned the staff was non existent, we called to have our television fixed and they said maintenence would be over and they never arrived. So when we checked out on Sunday the young man at the front desk did not have an answer for us regarding how they were going to handle waking us up at 6am!!!!on a Saturday morning!! We were not the only ones complaining there were several people who were just as upset, some families had infant children who were awakened and even traumatized by the loud rude awakening. Mary Harvey was supposedly the manager on duty that Sunday and she was unable to be found due to what the young man called &quot;a real fire&quot; that she was called to take care of in another building.So bottom line do not stay in a place where there is absolutely no communcation and no one was willing to take responsability for the inconvenience that we and many other people had to endure. Stay somewhere else!	
May 28 2008 	Off Strip Beauty	I recently stayed at the Meridian Luxury Suites in Las Vegas. I've done strip hotels, downtown hotels, and stayed off strip, but this is the best off strip experience I've had.The Meridian is easy to find, just a couple of blocks off center strip on E. Flamingo. The grounds are luxurious. The pool and jacuzzi open 24 hours as well as the fitness center. While the pool is smaller by Vegas standards, it is lovely and nowhere near as crowded as the big hotels. You will also find BBQ grills for your use during your stay all around the pool area.I was upgraded to a 2 bedroom unit upon arrival, and no, I didn't use the $20 trick. Actually, I didn't even ask for an upgrade. As I was traveling alone I didn't need the 2nd bedroom, but an upgrade is an upgrade!WOW! The photos you'll see at their website are really, truly what the rooms look like. Marble floors in the entryway, kitchen and living room. Huge leather couch, flatscreen tvs, DVD player, marble countertops in the kitchen, all the pots, pans and table ware you need, topped off with beautiful china and stainless steel appliances. Even though the bathrooms aren't huge, they are big and include the rainshower heads. Amenities are not top of the line, but they aren't Super 8 quality either, and I was very happy with them.And the beds? Oh my! Satin stripe linen. Plenty of pillows. Very, very comfortable sleep. The furniture is all high-gloss and dark, but the color scheme of the entire bedroom is comforting and warm.I stayed over Memorial Day weekend, which is generally a high-cost weekend, but my stay at the Meridian was just under $400. To me, considering the property itself, the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff and the ease of getting to and from the strip, it was well worth the minimal cost.As a side note, this would be a wonderful place for a honeymoon or for a couple to reconnect. The grounds at night are softly lit and absolutely gorgeous.As for security, I felt absolutely safe at the Meridian. There is a guard at the front gate. You're given a remote for the outer gate, inner gate and the parking garage upon check-in, all of which are very easy to use.	
May 28 2008 	Meridian is the place to stay!	Would highly recommend staying at the MeridianJust got back from 3 night stay. Upgraded from studio to 2 bedroom suite when we arrived. Provided early check-in (11am) and late check-out (3pm). Rooms were huge, clean, and comfortably decorated. Highly recommend requesting building 1 which has its own pool. Having the gates to the hotel and keys to specific buildings was really nice. Hotel was quiet and not having to walk thru a smokey casino was great! Had an issue with hot water heater when we arrived. Someone was there and fixed it within 15 minutes (power-outage had shut off the hot water heater). Great concierge and front desk. Everything we asked for was accomodated. Even had the option of having them bring in groceries. I wouldn’t stay anywhere else in Las Vegas!	
May 28 2008 	BORING	We stayed at the Meridian for my husband's 35th birthday. All I can say about this place is that it was so boring. If you're looking for the fun and glamour of Las Vegas, stay somewhere else. The property looks like it was a timeshare with multiple buildings and converted one building to a hotel. The rooms were nice, but getting to them felt so isolated and weird, with your rolling suitcases echoing through the desolate parking lot. Normally, when I arrive in Las Vegas, I'm excited for a great time, and arriving to your hotel with a big lobby and beautiful decor always adds to that excitement. My excitement fizzled when I arrived tiny check-in with florescent lights and messy workstations. My distasteful initial reaction actually affected the rest of my trip. The pool accomodations were limited, with no place to buy refreshments, I felt like I was hanging out at my Grandparent's retirement community. Getting a cab was also horrendous, as we discovered from speaking to our cab driver later, that a lot of companies won't go there anymore because the employees have angered them with ordering a cab, then hailing one from the street and leaving the called cab with no fare.This would be a good place for retired couples who want some quiet or people with families who aren't interested in the fun of Vegas and need a quiet vacation. Don't go here if you're looking for a good time.	
May 27 2008 	Different than the usual	This appears to be a decent place for an extended stay but it was a bad fit for my short business trip. My first clue shouldve been the TREK across the grounds with my 2 bags in 106 degree heat. (This was after I lugged the bags up and down the stairs leading to the office - no ramp.) Yes, the properties are spread out but you would think that they could take guests with baggage to their rooms via golfcart. Instead they just hand you a map. In the suites there are no books explaining services or local attractions. There IS one laminated piece of paper that states the rules and a room service menu. The menu had an 800#. When I called, I was connected with a 3rd party operator who connected me to the front desk. I ordered a small pizza and was told that I could pay with a credit card. When the pizza showed up 45 minutes later (from a local business - not the hotel) it was cash only. I also had a really hard time finding the ironing board, etc. It was just a &quot;miss&quot; for me - I mean, there was no sugar for coffee yet they had every spice imaginable in the spice rack...too much of a hassle.	
May 25 2008 	Positive aspects but nagging problems	As many of the reviews indicate, this is a very quiet -- yet close to the Strip -- hotel with huge accommodations. We had a two-bedroom, two-bath suite. It was clean when we arrived and was cleaned by housekeeping after the first night. As also reported, the kitchen is spectacular. The fitness facility is terrific. However, service is non-existent. When you check in, they don't know whether you have paid in advance (via Hotwire or hotels.com, for example) and thus give you a rate which makes no sense. Second, expect no service from the front desk. In our unit, there was no internet modem. While there were several possible wireless connections, none were connected with the hotel so they were useless. We asked the first night about the lack of a modem and were told maintenance would bring it over. The next morning at 10 I asked again as we left for the day. When we returned at 3, no modem -- but &quot;maintenance will be right over.&quot; At 5, still nothing and no word. After another visit to the front desk, they confessed that maintenance had ordered a modem but it &quot;hadn't arrived.&quot; That's very lame. When I checked out, they offered a $20 credit -- but reneged on that when they realized I had paid in advance. When I asked for the name of the general manager so I could write a note about this, the front-desk clerk didn't know her last name. Very frustrating for such a promising property.	
May 17 2008 	Not as nice as expected...	The pictures on the hotel website are misleading. This is basically a &quot;remodeled&quot; apartment complex. The outside of the buildings are very dated--unattractive, thick stucco. The insides could be nice but they fell short and cut corners. Apparently the shower head used to be on the opposite end of the tub. The new fixtures were installed at the other end but they failed to remove the old plumbing so there is an ugly old pipe sticking out of the wall. Also they installed a cheap fiberglass tub enclusure over the existing tub which looks really bad. I don't understand why they spent money on granite countertops and floors and then skimped in other areas. Both pools were dirty and the lounge chairs were filthy and stained. I was very disappointed because I was hoping for a nice place to relax but couldn't bring myself to sit down on any of the chairs. I will never stay here again.	
May 17 2008 	Stay Marred By Annoying Problems	We stayed in a 2 bedroom, 2 bath condo from 4/30-5/4. We paid a reduced rate ($206/night including tax) using a Travelzoo promotion. The condo was as pictured on the website and was clean and comfortable. We did have maid service every day during our stay. Everything would have been fine except for a few problems that were quite annoying. First, when we arrived at our building, the electronic door opener to the underground garage didn't work. Second, when we went to use the telephone in the room, it didn't work. We reported this problem on the first night of our stay (Wednesday). The next day we were left keys for another room. When we checked the telephone in this room, it didn't work either. Although we were told that they would send someone over with keys to another room, they didn't. The third problem we experienced was the thermostat for the air conditioning unit didn't work. If you turned it on, it never shut off. The first morning we woke up to a room that was 57 degrees. Finally, the elevator was broke from Friday evening until we left on Sunday morning. Since we were on the third floor, this was a major inconvnience.	
May 15 2008 	Possibly Best Hotel EVER!	We arrived at the Meridian on May 8, 2008 and we were pleasantly surprised to see that it is more like a luxury condo complex. A gate and guard to enter the complex made us feel very safe and like we were at a really exclusive place. We checked in around 11am which is early since most hotels are 2-3pm and they didn't bat an eye...got us right into a top floor room.So, we walk in and are stunned to see this posh place decked out in leather, marble and granite looking like Ethan Allen came in and furnished the whole place! There was a full kitchen with stainless steel appliances (water/ice maker in fridge door!), really cool square dishes and a full spice rack among other things. Dining room, living room with an awesome flat panel TV and free wireless internet access! Bathroom had tons of space and the bedroom (also had flat panel TV) was beautiful and had a huge closet the length of one whole wall and the doors were all mirrors. There's a coat closet and another closet holding a washer and dryer with detergent already there! The only issue we encountered was that the bathroom faucet was missing the screen so water splashed everywhere...well I briefly mentioned it to the concierge on our way out and we come home a few hours later...voila! Screen on bathroom faucet! There are two gorgeous pools and beautiful lounge chairs that are like big couches...very chic! There are other great amenities that we didn't even get to...like tennis courts, sauna, and more stuff that I can't even remember.The concierge was very helpful with all of our questions, making plans and she recommended some great towns to see and restaurants to eat at. I also found out that this place will stock your fridge before your arrival with anything you want! I think they have a grocery list that they email you. The last day I was concerned because we flew Southwest, we had to check in exactly 24 hours before to get a decent place in &quot;line&quot;, so I stopped at the front desk to ask if the kiosk they had there would print out my boarding pass and the she said it would but insisted on doing it for me! They were so helpful! Housekeeping did an excellent job every day. It was very quiet...we barely ran into anyone. I really liked that you could go to the Strip for all the action and come back to a nice quiet relaxing place to sleep off all the partying ;) I can not say enough good things about this place. The Meridian is just off of the Strip on E. Flamingo. You could walk to the Strip, but in summer heat I'd rather drive...especially since there's free parking at every casino!! For the location, accomodations and price, this place is UNBEATABLE!	
May 14 2008 	Not very clean	I just returned from a weekend stay at the Meridian. I was wary about staying off the strip at this development as one of the reviews stated in was &quot;filthy&quot;. The funny thing is that I just read a review of another person disputing this.Well, here is my take. The location is very good and the rooms are very well appointed. However, outside of the rooms, yes the place is not very clean. The spacious pool area is amazing. However, the pool cushions are really dirty. (You must lay towels down on the cushions to avoid sitting on dirt) The pool decking is really dirty and did not want to walk barefoot on it. The bbq's at the pool are just plain disgusting and would never in a million years cook on them.The other thing that was real disturbing was that I stayed on the 4th floor and the flooring is just unsightly. All the paint is peeling and coming up and it looks like the floor has not been swept in years. Just plain unacceptable. (The same garbage was on the floor for the 3 days I was there and was never picked up)Another comment prior said it perfectly......If they can straighten out the cleanliness issues on the property, this place would really be a hidden treasure as no other property near the strip can duplicate the spacious feel of the property.	
May 13 2008 	It's like having an apartment in Vegas	We booked a two-bedroom, two-bath suite at the Meridian through a deal found on Hotwire (Promotional code PROM1 on Meridian's reservations page). After checking in, driving to our end of the complex, and lugging our bags upstairs from the garage, we discovered that our keys did not work. We called the front desk and were told they would send a bellman over with new keys. Thirty minutes later we called again and were told that it would be faster to walk over and grab new keys ourselves. Service at the Meridian is next to non-existent. Housekeeping didn't clean our suite while we were out. You're basically renting an apartment with full-amenities and then you're on your own. Don't expect to be treated like you would at a casino/resort.Staying off-Strip has its advantages (it's quiet) and disadvantages (no cabs!). On Saturday, we called the front desk and asked for help calling two cabs. We waited for 30 minutes and never saw one. We ended up trying to hail a cab from the Koval gate of the complex and were able to hail just one. The Strip is walking distance but if you must take a cab, you're better off walking over to the Westin Casuarina's taxi stand across the street.The suites were fully equipped with a washer/dryer and all kitchen utensils and appliances (including a blender!). Beware, however, of dishes in the cabinet. We pulled out a couple of dishes with food still stuck to them! The Meridian website claims that the 2 bed/2 bath suite has &quot;private baths for each bedroom&quot; but we found that only the master bath is private. The second bathroom is a guest bath located just outside the second bedroom. Floorplans and layout vary from suite to suite. The decor is nice, the beds are comfy, the towels are plush, and showers are the BIG, rain-type. Lighting, however, is a problem. The suites are dark and have little artificial lighting. Our 2 bed/2 bath did not have a desk. The pool was not heated. And by the way, the continental breakfast is not free. It's $1 per item. You're better off driving to the Albertson's down the street.	
May 12 2008 	An Amazing Bargain!	This is an excellent place to stay if you don't want the craziness of the strip but want to be close to the strip. I just stayed here at the beginning of May (2008) for 3 nights. We had booked a studio apartment for $109/night (a special I found on the internet) and they upgraded us to a 1 bedroom apartment. Wow!!! What a deal. Compared to the standard hotel room, this place is definetly luxurious with a cute little dining/living area, fully equipped and very attractive kitchen, plush furnishings (the bed was sooo comfortable!), flat screen TVs, ipod docking station, AND a balcony (we ate breakfast there every morning). Where else can you get a deal like this close to the strip??! A recent reviewer called it dirty!!?? I am dumbfounded by this accusation. This is something I always pay close attention to anywhere I go. Admittedly the pool lounges could use some updated cushions but other than that the pool area was a nice little haven. I sat in the jacuzzi and did not feel like it was dirty at all. The pool was heated and well maintained. There was beautiful landscaping around the pool. As far as the hallways and common areas, they were also very well-maintained (NOT dirty!). I am into being CLEAN and staying in a CLEAN and well-maintained facility. Our apartment was thoroughly cleaned every day and any employee I saw was always working hard to keep the place looking great. I would rate this complex as Above Average (I would have given it Excellent ratings if the pool lounge cushions were updated and better maintained). But ya know, for the price, this place really can't be beat and I don't know how anybody could complain!Underground/covered parking is a wonderful plus! Easy access to main roads and we felt very secrue as its a gated complex. Location was good for us but we never walked to the strip. Honestly, I was a little bit surprised at the distance...its definately in walking distance but keep in mind its 2-3 gigantic blocks from the strip with several alleys and side roads in between the complex and the Blvd. Depending on where your accomodations are, it might take several minutes to just get to the main road outside the complex. I would say closer to a 15 minute walk to the strip. We always drove up to Imperial Palace (our friends were staying there) and used the valet. You already end up doing so much walking when you are on the strip and valet parking is free (just tip $1-2 when your car is returned), it just seemed more convenient.	
May 7 2008 	Top Notch and Great Value	My wife and I just returned from Las Vegas after staying at the Meridian Luxury Suites. What a wonderful place. It's quiet and well kept. The rooms are absolutely fabulous! The room has a modern kitchen with all of the amenities. In also had designer furniture, flat screen TV's in the living and bedroom. Marble countertops and tile floors. Even coordinated couch pillows!They truly give you the 'luxury' in Luxury Suites. The pool area was very nice. They have a couple of tennis courts. The whole 'community' is security gated. Just a 5 to 10 minute walk from the Strip. Underground parking. I can't say enough about the venue. The staff was extremely nice and helpful. Once again, it's quiet!! No gambling machines, etc.. on the premises. If you want to pay high prices and be part of the herd on the strip .. then don't stay here. If you want to relax and then go out to the tourist spots when you have the urge .. definitely stay here! Will stay here again and again! Thank you Meridian!	
May 7 2008 	Meridian Top Hotel	I stayed at the Meridian in Las Vegas with my wife and kids and we loved it. The amenities were top notch, the kids loved the pool, I enjoyed the workout room. Our unit looked newly decorated and furnished and it was very clean. It's so close to the strip and the Meridian suites are perfect for families. The service was excellent as well. We would love to go back and stay there again next year.	
May 1 2008 	Fantastic	I stayed at the Meridian while attending the NAB in April 2008. I was traveling with 2 colleagues, and all of us are non-smokers, and non-gamblers so the Meridian was perfect for us.Perhaps we are more &quot;low-maintenance&quot; guests than some of the other writers, but we didn't have to have our rooms cleaned every day (although they were). The bathroom cabinet is stocked with at least half a dozen towels, so that's all we really needed.We were more impressed with the spaciousness and attractiveness of the rooms, and the secure parking, than having someone at our every beck and call. After spending an entire day bumping into thousands of people at the NAB, the beauty and quietness of the Meridian was a nice change. Since we had a rental car, transportation was not a problem and we were able to find a grocery store just a few blocks away. One of my colleagues stated that he did not have hot water on one of the nights. He went to the front desk the next morning, and by the time we returned to our rooms that evening, the problem had been fixed. Also, the first night, the remote control for our garage didn't work. We stopped by the front desk and they fixed it instantly.I honestly don't think the Meridian is for everyone. If you are looking for a hotel that will wait on you hand and foot, this is not that place, and honestly, you should probably be prepared to spend hundreds of dollars more to stay at a place like that. However, if your expectation is to stay at an upscale, gated hotel for an outrageously low price, and you're prepared to deal with maybe one or two inconveniences, then this is the place for you.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Room	We stayed four nights in this place in early February. We got a $99 per night promotion rate for a studio apartment from Travelzoo. Upon check in, we were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite for free. The suite we stayed was newly renovated, very modern and beautiful. I think that it is prettier and bigger than the same category room at Marriott Grand Chateau Las Vegas. However, the latter has perfect location, great views from the rooms. Jessie who led us to our room and helped with the luggage is very nice and helpful. Right after we checked in, we discovered that the window curtains in the living room was not installed and the cable didn’t get connected to the TVs in both rooms. We called the front desk and they told us that they would send someone to fix them. But it didn’t happen during our entire stay. Anyhow, it didn’t bother us much since we didn’t spend much time in our room. By the way, they claim that the place is only two blocks from the Strip, however, it is a long, boring walk. I don’t recommend walking to/from the Strip especially after dark. Since we had a rental car, it was very convenient for us to get on the Strip.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful rooms and staff!	From check-in to check-out our stay here was fabulous! I did not have any of the issues that others have listed. Housekeeping was timely and thorough, staff was courteous and helpful. We had a little trouble with the internet but a front desk person came up immediately and got it working and it worked fine for our entire stay.I called the property directly and got an amazing rate for the 2 bedroom with den. The unit itself is absolutely gorgeous. The floors are marble and the kitchen is granite, marble and all stainless steel appliances. Gas range was a Wolf and refrigerator was a Sub Zero! I have never seen this in a suite. It was well stocked and we were very happy. The living room and den all had leather furnishings and the dining room is very upscale. The living room even had a wet bar with wine cooler. The bedrooms are beautiful with excellent beds - better than my own - and flat screen TV's. The master bedroom has a walk-in closet to die for with rich wood built-ins, mirrors, cabinets, plush carpet - it is truly beautiful.The grounds are beautiful and they welcome dogs. We brought our two and they have great places to walk them complete with mutt mits. We enjoyed both pools and hot tubs. One thing I look for in any hotel is the pool furniture. Even some nicer properties have strap lounges. These are all cushioned and there are umbrellas and gas BBQ's all around with great patio tables and chairs.The location is like an oasis. It is only a little over a block to Bellagio and Paris and the best part of the strip and yet when you get back to property it is like a quiet haven.The only thing I would like to see here would be the addition of a small convenience store. The one that is there is more of a convenience &quot;closet&quot; and there really isn't much to purchase.We will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 25 2008 	Nice Quiet and Peaceful	My husband and I stayed at Meridian this past weekend (April 19th - 22nd). We really enjoyed the place, it was very quiet and peaceful. I was a little bit hesistant about staying there after reading the mixed reviews, but I thought at the price it wouldn't hurt to give it a try. This was our first time going to Las Vegas, so I thought this would be a good place to stay at the price to find out how we really liked Vegas. When our taxi dropped us off, there was no one to there to get our bags so my husband had to get the cart himself and load our things. However, once we were in the office for check in someone came to take them to our room. We arrived early and was able to check in without any problems. Once we arrived at our room we were very pleased with the setup and decor. It was just like being at home. Everytime we went somewhere we would ask the front desk or the guard to call us a taxi and in no time one would arrive. However, after taking about 20 cabs during our stay, I do think that maybe the hotel should offer a shuttle service. I liked that there was a guard at the gate at all times and would check everyone before they came in. The only problems I found with the Meridian is that our refrigerator would never get cold. Since it kept the food and drinks at an okay temperature, I didn't bother to call and complain plus I wasn't sure how long it would take to fix or if we would have to move rooms. The stopper in the bathtub didn't work, so if I even wanted to take a hot bath, that wasn't happening. When the maid service came to clean our rooms they took all the dirty towels but didn't leave any small face towels. When we called the front desk they said they were out and didn't know when they would have any. My thought was if she knew she couldn't replace them she should have left them and I could've washed them in the machine. So for the duration of our trip we never received anymore face towels. I also noticed after the 2nd night when the room was cleaned, the dish towels were gone and not replaced. I'm not sure what this was all about. Don't take the towels if you aren't going to replace them, thats what they have a washing machine for. There were times when we would go to the front desk and they moved rather slow in getting with you. If they were on the phone or doing something else in the computer, they never acknowledged you. Overall, I liked the place for the price and I probably would stay here again. During the day we would go on the busy strip and at night we would come back to our quiet and peaceful room.	
Apr 23 2008 	Beautiful Accommodations!	We spent 2 nights at this beautiful non-gaming hotel that has been converted from condo units into suites. We had booked a studio suite special of $99. We arrived earlier than expected and our room was not ready and we were told to come back to the desk in a half hour, but in the meantime we were welcome to visit the pool area. I returned in the time allotted and we were assigned a quiet lower level room per my request. What a surprise when we entered - we were upgraded to a one-bedroom for the same $99! Marble floors, awesome kitchen (even though we did not cook), king size bed, washer/dryer - which enabled us to do all our laundry at the end of a 11 day vacation.This hotel is very secure with gated entry &amp; gated parking garage; beautiful pool area with flowers, palm trees, &amp; plenty of shaded seating if that is your desire. An easy walk to the craziness of Vegas - which we have visited many times, but Vegas itself turned us off this time and I don't expect we will ever return. Very high restaurant prices and you could not walk down the strip without being harassed by timeshare hawkers who would not leave you alone. We are not gamblers, but did notice that the casinos were quiet and news reporting some layoffs. Vegas has certainly changed, and not for the better.We did find reasonable prices in the cafe located directly across the street at the Tuscany Suites &amp; Casino, but stay away from meals on the strip! We bought a hot dog with fries &amp; a drink at Ceasars,sharing it at lunch and it came to over $12.50 and wasn't all that good!Also, if you are looking for a fun dining experience check out the Bahama Breeze located a short walk from the Meridian going east on Flamingo. There are a number of restaurants, but this one took our eye. Great food &amp; fun, try the fruit flavored mojitos!	
Apr 23 2008 	fantastic meridian room 7-231	the dogs nuts for $99 per night 11th - 15th of april for an studio apartment can not moan the apartment had everything cable for the english footy, dish washer, microwave,washing machine and dryer and every piece of cutlery and kitchen utensil you can think of.clean pool and the front desk was fantastic with everything i asked for early checkin 10am no sweat could'nt do enought a 15 minute walk to strip and ellis island across the street for food $3.99 breakfast special 10* sirlon with 2 eggs,sauteed potatoes and 2 toast just one off the great deals they do.will be back soon	
Apr 21 2008 	Great room... not much else	I was coming to Vegas to attend NAB for a few days, then my wife and 11 month old daughter were to join me for a little mini vacation. I picked the Meridian because a.) the price I found on Travelzoo, b.) the reviews I had read online, and c.) the fact that it had a kitchen, which was important to me because of my daughter.Overall, I thought the Meridian was nice, although I encountered some significant issues with the hotel that would most likely keep me from staying there again.The Pluses: The rooms are very nice. It's obvious they had been remodeled recently. The marble floors, the granite counters, the stainless steel appliances, the 2 lcd TV's were great. The 1 bedroom suite that I got was clean, tidy, and spacious.The room had a nice leather sofa and chair, the kitchen was stocked with plates, glasses, silverware, cooking utensils, and a coffee maker. The washer/dryer was a fantastic convenience, as I was able to to laundry whenever I needed.The Minuses: My first complaint is the location. It's not so much where it is, but the fact that it's hard to get anywhere from the hotel. While attending NAB, I walked to the Flamingo each morning to take the monorail to the convention center. This walk is not trivial, as you have to pass under the monorail, go into the Flamingo, then walk BACK on the walkway to the station. From hotel room to monorail platform is a minimum of 12 minutes. Now, you do this twice a day, walk all around a convention center, and you have sore feet by the end of day 3.Also, there is NO grocery store within walking distance. One day I stopped at one of the gas stations/quickie marts on the way and could only find a handful of provisions that I would eat. Further down on Flamingo there is an Albertson's, but you would have to drive to get there. My wife and I took a cab one night to the CVS next door to get a prescription and it cost $20....Speaking of cabs, it seems difficult to get one at the Meridian. Sunday morning my wife and I had a 7:10am flight out of McCarran. We called the front desk at 5am to get a cab. They said it would take 5 to 10 minutes. By the time we walked to the front gate 10 mins later.... no cab. I went to the front desk to check, and they said they would call again. 10 mins later... no cab. Needless to say, I was getting perturbed. At 5:35am I finally went to the street and hailed one driving by. Ridiculous.......If the hotel is reading this, I would strongly suggest having a shuttle that runs at the very least to the strip every half hour or so. That would make life SO much easier for guests. Also, work out the cab issue. Any other hotel on the strip has a queue of taxi's waiting at a moment's notice......Another thing I wasn't crazy about was the housekeeping service. 2 days in row we had no service. One of the days we called the front desk and they did come to clean our room while we were at dinner.... the next night we came back from a long day out and nothing had been touched. It was frustrating to come back to a dirty room with a pile of dirty towels and sheets..... that reminds me..... I'm not sure they change the bedsheets. One day my daughter spilled something on the sheets.... after housekeeping came, we noticed they had just made the bed back up, stains and all.My next issue is internet service. Although they have cable modems in each room, I could NOT get it to work. I have worked in IT for 12 years now, so I think I can troubleshoot something as simple as a network connection. For reference, my father, who stayed down the hall from us, could not get his to work either. The only internet available was in the business center (you have to pay to use the computer) or WiFi by the pool. So, I basically had to walk down the pool every morning to check my email. Ok, I know it's not torture or anything, but it sure would have been nice to be able to do that from my room.....Speaking of the pool, I will say that it is pretty nice. The pool is in good condition, lots of chairs and tables... even grills that you could use for a poolside cookout. My complaint is that many/most of the chair cushions are badly stained, have cigarette burns in them, or both.I have stayed at several places in Vegas.... the Palms, the Venetian, the Bellagio, the Hyatt at Lake Las Vegas (Now Loew's) and the Ritz Carlton. That being said, I think the room at the Meridian ranked right in the mix with quality of those other hotels, with the added perks of the kitchen and washer/dryer. What the hotel is really lacking is the service those other hotels provide. If you want to get people to come to your hotel, you MUST focus on that.... In conclusion.... while I got a great rate on my room, I go to Vegas for the experience. I will pay more in the future for a better location and better customer service. For me it's worth it to add a few hundred dollars to my vacation to have someone say, &quot;Welcome back, Mr. Martin&quot; when I walk back into my hotel. For that reason, I will most likely not stay at the Meridian again.	
Apr 21 2008 	what a pleasant surprise!!!	i must say that this hotel was alot better than i thought it would be. i received a promotion rate email from hotwire.com about the meridan. i was going to las vegas, on business and it was a last minute trip.(by the way, this hotel always have some kind or promotional discount rate. just call them directly and they will hook up you up).it is an all suite hotel and gated. the thing is they have a few actual residents that live in a few of the suites. there vision is for half the resort to be occupied by residents and the other half the hotel. they offer studio, 1, and 2 bedroom suites. they also have a 2bdrm w/den, but i didnt look at that one. the rooms are beautifully decorated w/leather furniture, california king-sized beds, full kitchens w/stainless steel appl, and every room has a balcony. they offer free wi-fi and the cable provider is cox communications. this hotel has 2 swimming pools, full fitness center(24hr), raquetball court, bball court, and a dry sauna. the pics of the website look exact like the rooms. you know how you look at pics of the rooms and it looks like they take pics of every angle of their suites, then make it seem like all the rooms look like those pics? not the case here.the only knocks i have on the hotel are as follows: at the time that i arrived, there wasnt a bellmen on staff. so i had to carry all of my bags myself and there was alot of walking and stairs. the hotel is separated by building(1-7). once you get inside the gate of your building, its fine because you can take an elevator to get to you room. also, you cant order movies. this isnt your typical hotel where you can press a button and order a movie. lastly(i dont see this as a knock, but others might), the hotel is located a couple blocks off the strip. there is a walk involved. the good thing is when you get to the corner of flamingo and las vegas blvd, you bump right into casears palace and ballys.overall, this place this freakin great. i would certainly recommend this apartment style living hotel to anyone. i hope this helps. again, dont forget to call about promotional discount rates. regular price, the hotel can be on the expensive side. the discount rates are well worth it.	
Apr 15 2008 	Nice facility - Unimpressive service	I recently had a very unimpressive and disappointing stay at the Meridian Las Vegas.First of all, I booked my room several weeks in advance on the hotel website, presumably maintained by Warwick International Hotels. On the booking engine, I was able to mark a box notifying the hotel that I needed a baby &quot;crib&quot; for the room. I marked the box for the crib and booked the room without a problem. No other information in that regard was requested.When I checked in, however, not only was I informed that my crib request had not been noted by the staff (even though the clerk acknowledged it was on the computer reservation system), but also that there was a service charge of $35 for the first day and $25 for each additional day because an outside contractor had to come in and &quot;build it&quot; in the room. I was not so much bothered by the price (because I got a good room rate when I booked the room) but by the fact that I was not notified of the additional charge prior to my stay. I have stayed in many hotels and, in my experience, there is never an extra charge for a baby crib. Never once has a hotel charged me for a crib. What really bothered me was that I was treated extremely rudely by the &quot;concierge&quot;, a middle-aged lady stationed next to the check-in counter. The clerk who checked me in was very apologetic and polite, but the concierge was flat inconsiderate and even hostile.When I indicated my surprise at the extra charge, the concierge, who was obviously overwhelmed at the time with performing work for other guests, said, &quot;Did you not see the pricing chart for the crib?&quot; I said, &quot;No, it was not on the website. I just checked the box for the crib.&quot; She then grilled me on the website I used, informed me that &quot;every hotel&quot; charges extra for a crib, and proceeded to hand me a two-page, legal contract with some outside vendor that I had to read and sign to acquire a crib for my child. When I said most hotels do not charge for a crib, she asked me &quot;Which hotels? Where have you stayed where they don't charge for a crib?&quot; I responded, &quot;Marriott, Hampton Inn, MGM Signature, Green Valley Ranch, and every other hotel I have stayed in with a child.&quot; I was just flabbergasted that a hotel employee would debate a guest in front of a crowd of other guests checking in on such a simple mix-up. The appropriate response would have been to apologize and compensate me for at least half or part the crib charge (which is apparently going to be billed to me by an outside source). I would have accepted a reasonable explanation and response but the concierge's belligerence is unacceptable. Mercifully, the crib was &quot;built&quot; in our room by approximately 9:00 that night. I never heard from the concierge again.Following this debacle, I will note that our one bedroom suite was lovely for the most part. The accommodations are nice. However, during our stay, our kitchen sink collapsed the day before we checked out. We had filled our sink with water to clean out some of our baby's bottles and to give our infant child a bath and, all of a sudden, the whole sink collapsed into the cabinet and onto the base of the cabinet. (I propped the sink up with a roll of paper towels for the remainder of the stay.) Thankfully, no one was injured. (Had our baby been seated in the sink, taking a bath, for instance, when the sink collapsed, who knows what would have happened.) The sink apparently became unglued. We called maintenance, who arrived promptly. Two gentlemen arrived and one said, &quot;Oh man, not again!&quot; He indicated that the same thing occurred in another unit within a couple of days prior. All kidding aside, let me assure you that this could have been a plaintiffs' attorney's dream case. The maintenance staff offered to move us to another room, but, by that time, it was more of an inconvenience to move than endure a lack of a kitchen sink since we were checking out the next morning.Finally, I stood in line holding onto my child for at least twenty minutes the following morning trying to check out of my room. The line went out the door of the lobby. Not only did the hotel clerk upon check out fail to apologize for the delay but he also even failed to ask how my stay at the hotel was. Yet another staffing snafu.On the whole, the facility has potential. The suites are nicely furnished and spacious. The staffing issues are not to par, however. I have stayed at many hotels, and it is this humble traveler's opinion that this hotel would have difficulty achieving even a AAA three diamond certification. Sorry, but it is not even close.	
Apr 11 2008 	Luxurious and Hidden	This property is a luxury resort with the convenience of condo living. This does not feel like a hotel at all. More like an upscale condo resort with gated manned security, underground parking, fully furnished suites (with everything you could ask for), and an absolutely lovely tropical pool/spa area. The security guard at the gate was wearing a tux and white gloves when we arrived. The check-in area is a small office and very personal service is given ( not the lines like in the big casinos). The suites are very large with tall ceilings. We stayed in the two bedroom unit which had a washer and dryer in it. Stainless steel appliances, leather sofas, upscale bedroom furnishings, granite, private entrance, private deck, two bathrooms, elegant chandelier, large plasma TV, and more. I have stayed at almost every large Casino on the Strip and although this property is one block off, it is the ONLY place I will stay in future.	
Apr 10 2008	Beware!	First suite was trashed. There was a tar-like sticky substance in quite a few spots on the kitchen floor. The window blinds were broken; one set was open on a long narrow window next to the front door, and I had to close them manually for safety purposes. The window curtains as well as the shower curtain were pulled off the hooks. The living room area rug was filthy--many patches of ground-in dirt. The living room leather furniture had something sticky dried on it. And the one that I found most unacceptable: One of the bathroom toilet seats was cracked in half. They moved me to a place that was intact. The first night was no charge, but I had to make the suggestion myself. The buildings are set up like catacombs with many nooks and crannies and walls; therefore, it's not a place for anyone traveling alone. I was extremely uncomfortable going back to my room at night.	
Apr 7 2008 	Loved the Meridian a must stay!	We stayed at the Meridian for three nights in a one bedroom suite at a great price of $129/nt. from a Hotwire Travel Zoo offer that booked directly with the hotel. I thought I should write this review as I am extremely picky about accommodations. This is a large complex so request rooms close to what you want entrances ,pools etc. and you will enjoy your stay more.  You really can't beat the price for Vegas for what you get. We had considered the larger strip hotels but where so thankful we chose the Meridian instead. The larger hotels were extremely crowded, and noisy and it takes forever to get to their pools ,or your room, or through the casinos, due to their size. We took a limo from the airport because the taxi lines are so long, The concierge Debbie did a great job. You can send her a customized grocery list prior to your arrival for a minimal fee., $10.00 and your kitchen will be stocked prior to your arrival. Check out their online concierge service , it was well worth it . The hotel provides coffee, laundry and bath amenities.  Our condo location was perfect, right next to the pool. with balcony overlooking it . The room was very clean ( not immaculate). Furnishings were top of the line -kitchen appliances sub zero fridge, viking/wolf gas stove ,bedding high quality linen, bath travertine and granite and toilet self flushing and heated, plasma TV's in both rooms, nice leather furniture and teak dining table. Walk in closet. Washer and dryer. Nice carpet and paint. No problem with the drapes/sunlight. Daily maid service. Our room must had been recently updated. Please note the plumbing was just the reverse of normal hot for cold and cold for hot in both the kitchen sink and the tub. The Meridian has 2 pools -the one near the club house is the nicer.  Perfect location! It is only a 7-8 min walk to the monorail stations at either Ballys or the Flamingo and just a few more minutes to the strip to Caesars and Bellagio.. A cab is not needed; Liquor store on the same street as you walk towards the strip. Ellis Island within one block- $6.99 steak special. . Other restaurants Lawrys and Bahama Breeze within 2 blocks or 10 min walk. We would recommend eating at Marrekech if you like Morrocan and belly dancing-but take a cab. No concern about safety as the community is gated with security guards and entrance cards required. If you have guests arriving just notify the front desk. Nice grounds and very quiet.. We took a cab back to the airport. the front desk can get you one. It arrived within 3 min and we were at the airport in 10 min -$12.50. We would definitely stay at the Meridian again. Nice for couples and families, but not students on spring break.	
Apr 4 2008 	We were delighted.	I found the Meridian via Travelzoo and booked a one bedroom for five nights for my husband and myself at $129/night. Having stayed on the strip on previous trips to Las Vegas, I had a few concerns with being off the beaten path but upon our arrival we were thrilled with our decision. Because of an early morning flight into Las Vegas, we arrived at the Meridan at 11am thinking we would have to wait to check in but were informed that our &quot;room&quot; was ready and that we were upgraded to a 2br unit. Although we never used the second bedroom, we were delighted to have so much room. The second bathroom certainly came in handy. The gal who brought us to our unit infomed us that the complex had been built 12 years ago as residential condos and within the past 2 years had gone through updating of each unit to convert them to rental units. Our unit looked pretty much like the photos on line, what you see is what you get. Other reviews mentioned issues with cleanliness and I cannot say it was a problem for us. Keep in mind these units were built 12 years ago so not all is brand new and the furnishings are not top of the line quality and there were a few chips in the paint where suitcases most likely were the culprit. If your the type that wants nothing less than 5 star you may not be totally satisfied but overall I think it might be one of the best values in town. We had very little interaction with the front desk, only at check in and check out. The work out facility was above average. The pool area was a relaxing retreat from the business of the city. We sort of felt like this was two vacations in one. I was hoping to make better use of the kitchen but there is no supermarket in the area. Just several small gas station/mini markets in the area where we picked up a few items. If you have room in your luggage, pack a few food items, you'll be glad you did. The walk to the strip was not a big issue, stop at Bill's when you get to the strip for a 98cent margarita! I will say it again, overall we were delighted with our stay at the Meridian. At $129 per night it was great. We'll definitely be back. Hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Value and great place for families. . .with minor issues	We found a special for this place via travelzoo. The price was great for a 2 bed/2 bath. And the condo was even nicer. Very well equiped and furnished. Fully equiped kitchen. TV in each room. The only issue is the floors are a bit dirty. It's as if they didn't mop for a few weeks. This is the only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star rating.If you want a place on the strip. . .this would not be the place, but if want a great place that is only about a 10min walk from the strip, this would be it.	
Mar 31 2008 	Good Value	The Meridian was an excellent value. We got a great rate through a radio advertisement. The suite was well appointed. The full kitchen was outstanding and made eating meals much easier then going to a hotel resturant. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was big enough for my wife and me. Don't expect all of the luxuries that a big resort on the strip is going to have. There is no spa, or, on site dining. That being said, it is quiet, a little off the beaten path and really close to the strip (anybody that says it is too far to walk needs to mix in a salad or two). A few small complaints.- The phone system is set up the system in a condo so if you are trying to reach the front desk, it can be challenging.- There were a few small housekeeping issues. Being a maid in this hotel must be much tougher then most other hotels because of the full kitchen. One of our glasses had a lipstick smear on it and the door to washer and dryer was broken.- The curtains in the bedroom were too thin and the sunlight was pretty annoying in the morning.Overall, it was still a very nice stay.	
Mar 27 2008 	Everything we wanted very pleasant stay	Stayed 6 nights in March 08 at The Meridian. We wanted an affordable place on or near the strip with a kitchen so we could provide some of our own meals. This hotel, which I stumbled upon on Travelzoo.com, was one of the nicest I've had in Vegas, and I've stayed at many LV hotels. We had a few smallish issues, but I consider these minor &quot;nits,&quot; noted here only to help your decision.LOCATION / LAYOUT: On Flamingo, about 10-12 minutes from the room to Bally's, The Meridian is truly walkable to the strip. There is no dining on site, but it is adjacent to Lawry's, and within 2-3 minutes of several restaurants on Flamingo. It's directly across from a small local casino (I forget the name). Overall, this is a very convenient location, and close to the airport.There are 7 (?) condo complexes, each 4 stories plus underground garage. You get assigned parking - a HUGE plus if you have a car - and secure entrance (gated entry to complex and garage). If you are having visitors, make sure the gate security is aware, otherwise they may not get in (just ask my mom :-)POOL / GROUNDS: Well maintained grounds. The pool was very nice, but modest in comparison to the gi-normous pools of hotels like Mirage or Bellagio. Lots of comfortable seating and a very large (15' diameter) hot tub. The complex was relatively quiet, a kind of oasis close to the Strip.-- NIT - they advertise the pool as heated to 79 degrees. It felt cooler than that, perhaps closer to 70, so it was a bit cool for my taste.ROOM - A 1BR condo (they also have 2 BR and studios), this well appointed, clean, up to date room was very comfortable. The bedroom had a comfortable king bed, very large closet space and bureau. The living room / dining area had leather sofas, and both the LR and BR had cable flat screens. The deck was standard apartment size, enough for a small table and 2 chairs, which worked well. We had a view of a few of the hotels on the strip. -- NIT: One of the sofas was in front of the deck entrance, making entry and exit to the deck a nuisance. The shades in the BR were not well fit, and thus let in a good amount of light; I prefer darker window treatments. The clock radio in the MBR was a pain. I understand all manner of electronics, and could not figure out how to turn the radio off.KITCHEN - exactly what we needed, this kitchen, smallish but functional, had a full size refrigerator/freezer, gas stove / oven, d/w and enough dishware, glassware, storage and such for our purposes. We had breakfast and lunch here most days and, as a result, saved a lot of money. The hotel had a grocery service, very convenient and relatively reasonably priced. -- NIT: I'd add a few more plates and perhaps a quality frying pan .OTHER ROOM THINGS: It was very convenient having a washer/dryer in the room - great plus! Housekeeping provided laundry detergent upon request. The TV had problems, but a call to the front desk had it repaired within the hour. I loved hanging out on the deck. The bathroom had a rainshower (large) showerhead; this was OK but underwhelming. The rooms were all well kept, clean, modern and very comfortable.SERVICE - generally attentive. I had the sense that the front desk staff was not particularly experienced (they were a bit hesitant on a few things), but they were certainly pleasant and focused on customer satisfaction.-- NIT - The desk told us they could not tell which rooms had sofabeds and which did not. As someone with a hotel background, I found this odd. We compensated by bringing a $30 air mattress, but would've preferred to confirm a sofa bed. Also, be sure to ask for the entrance code to the secure gates throughout the complex; the desk only gives the pool code upon check-in.OVERALL - The Meridian met or exceeded all the expectations of my family and I (wife and daughter shared the room). It's a great place if you want more space for rates at or below the major hotels. That said, the major hotels generally have more activity, casinos, on-site entertainment and dining, and in some cases more of a WOW-factor for their pools. I highly recommend The Meridian if you want to be close to, but not actually on top of, the strip and it's activities.	
Mar 17 2008 	Very Nice!	Spent a Friday night with the boys at the Meridian. There were 6 of us and we piled into a 2 bedroom suite that was spacious, luxurious, and very modern. The decor was exceptional and the furnishings were extremely comfortable. Semi-Walking distance to the strip, you can be at Bally's/Bills/O'Sheas/Ceasars within 15min or so. Security is great, with a guarded gate and multiple card required entry points. The only negative of the Meridian is the amenities concerning vending and ice. Since this was a guys trip, we planned on making beverages in the room, and to our dismay, the ice maker in the refrigerator was not stocked and the metal bar was in the up position indicating &quot;Off&quot;. No ice machine to be found in our building (Although a quick call to the desk would have probably solved the problem, ice should be available in close proximity to the units) Overall, this is a great place for extended stays, children, or groups.	
Mar 9 2008 	nice stay	Best place to stay!! 10 min walk to the strip. quite and relaxing.great service!t hats all I can say.	
Mar 5 2008 	Ehhhh just okay	Accomodations at Meridian are sufficiently satisfying. As other reviews state, the fully stocked kitchens, flat screen TVs, large couches and spacious beds make for a luxurious stay. The pool area is has ambience, and the outdoor grills are a cool touch, even if there rarely was anyone by the pool.Unfortunately, our room had no hot water, which wasn't discovered until the next morning The front desk didn't seem suprised by this when contacted about it. They simply moved us next door. We asked for a late check-out the next in return for the inconvenience, but were told no rooms were available. They moved us to an empty room next door on a Friday night, but were going to be too booked to allow a 4 p.m. check-out the next night?After my return from the stay, I discovered that Meridian had over charged me. Upon booking they charged 50% as a deposit. Upon checkout they charged the entire cost to my credit. So I was charged 150% what I should have been, and was relieved I caught the mistake, because Meridian certainly wouldn't have. I contacted them via e-mail, and recieved a &quot;we're sorry&quot; and my card was credited back the overcharge.	
Feb 26 2008 	Luxury for Less	Travelzoo.com was advertising a special rate of $149.00 (one bedroom suite) for the Meridian Suites Las Vegas. I went online to the hotel website, then contacted the property directly to book. The location is great, next to the Hughes Center on Flamingo Rd., only a couple of blocks off of the strip. It is also in walking distance of several restaurants (Bahama Breeze and McCormick and Schmick are my personal favorites). The Meridian is a controlled access property that is very similar in appearance to a condomimium complex. The units are currently being updated with neutral warm tones, plasma tvs, and stainless steel appliances in the kitchen. All of this does make it look and feel luxurious. I think that most of the suites also have a balcony and a fireplace. We found it to be very quiet and our balcony afforded fairly good views of the surrounding areas. There is a nice clubhouse with indoor raquetball and basketball courts, and exercise equipment; the outside ammenities include a heated pool and jacuzzi and outdoor grills for cooking. Free internet access is provided in the rooms and in certain common areas, you can also get wireless internet access. In addition, the room rate includes free parking in a secured covered garage and there were no extra fees for using any of the ammenities.The management and staff were very friendly and helpful. Although they accidentally assigned us to a one bedroom suite that had not been cleaned, they redeemed themselves by upgrading us to a two bedroom suite on the top floor. I personally prefer this property to any other hotel I have stayed in while in Las Vegas. We come to Vegas three times a year on business, and I would recommend this property to anyone who is staying more than 2 nights.	
Feb 25 2008 	Loved the Meridian	The Meridian is a very nice hotel. It has all the latest updates, affordable, spacious and down right gorgeous. This hotel is within walking distance to strip. I would book at the Meridian again. Pictures on website exactly like hotel. Celebrated my birthday weekend there. Outstanding landscaping as well. You will enjoy.	
Feb 22 2008 	Great place...so quiet!	I've just come back from a wonderful week at the Meridian. I must say that some of the reviews made me worry a little but none of those negatives really affected my stay in any way.I arrived at 11:30 PM with a rental vehicle. My reservation was ready to go at the front desk (which has service 24hrs a day). They gave me a list of grocery items they could aquire for me (with a fee of course).After parking my vehicle in the covered and locked parking lot under the building I was assigned to, we arrived in our hotel room (which to be honest is more of a condo than anything else). The kitchen was great with full size appliances and everything needed to create meals. The bedrooms we're a very nice size. The master has it's own washroom and a large walk-in. The secondary room has a washroom attached but not within the same room.Pros...Gorgeous room.Wired internet (wireless available at pool only).Very quiet and safe neighbourhood.Staff that go out of their way to help you.Cons...Walls are very thin. (I must say this only affected me twice during my stay...the first night...some partiers got back late and let everyone know...the last night...work being done in the unit above us at 7 AM)Didn't get much info about Las Vegas from concierge. Most info we got was from going to other hotels and getting their concierge to provide the info needed or getting info online.I enjoyed my stay. I will most likely return to this location should I return to Las Vegas. Don't let some of the negative reviews scare you. You are renting a condo for the duration of your stay with all the luxuries expected.	
Feb 20 2008 	RE: good for families	We (2 parents and 2 kids) stayed in a 2 bdrm 2 bath 1 parking (for our rental car) at the Meridian (rm 7333) from 2/14/08 to 2/18/08 while attending a family wedding. We booked the unit through Travel Link, which manages more than one unit on the property.The good: 1) it was spacious; 2) it was clean (no smoke smell); 3) the maintenance people were nice (when we arrived the toilet in the master bath didn't work and there was a queen bed instead of 2 twin beds in the second bdrm). The maintenance man fixed the toilet and brought up a rollaway (and charged for it); 4) its within walking distance of the strip; 5) its quiet; 6) its secure; 7) it has a washer/dryer stack in the unit; 8) There is a HD tv in the living room and in each bedroom; 9) Travel Link was very easy to work with: 1/2 deposit (which includes a cleaning fee) on booking and the other 1/2 a month before your stay.The bad: 1) there are no long distance calls from the room; 2) there is no printer in the business center; 3) there are no black out curtains and so the light comes in from the street; 4) the business center closes at 6 pm and so if you are out and about during the day, you can't pick up email when you return; 5) there are no restaurants/room service on the property and there is no grocery store nearby (we drove to albertsons and then used the refrigerator and microwave a lot); 6) maid service came only once during our 5 day stay; 7) the bathtub in the second bathroom had a drip that was irritating (but that could happen at any hotel).Summary: The cost is reasonable and its good for families but not if you have any business to conduct during your stay.	
Feb 12 2008 	Luxury Great Rates Near The Strip	Wow! I was pleased with this condo complex turned hotel. It felt like we had the whole place to ourselves. This hotel was completely remodeled in 2007 and the results are great! The decor is modern, hip and comfortable. Having a full kitchen, dining, and separate living room is great. Also has a washer/dryer in the room. We got our room for 4 days on a special we found on the internet and booked it on the Meridian website. The hotel is only 2 blocks off the strip and is completely secured with full time attendants at each entrance. The fitness center, pool, business facilities are great. They also offer DVD rentals. Free wifi in the rooms - which is hard to find on the strip - usually there is a daily fee. The only 2 things I didn't like was that 1) the front desk is only open until 11pm...not that we needed the front desk after 11pm...there is an answering service on call from 11pm to 7am. 2). The window coverings in the kitchen and bedroom were a type of bamboo shade - completely see through. They looked great but I ended up covering the one in the bedroom at night to give a little more privacy and to block some of the light outside. Other than those 2 minor things, our stay was perfect. We will definitely recommend this hotel to others...and stay there ourselves.	
Jan 27 2008 	Fifth time in Vegas best time in Vegas thanks to the Meridian	Not sure what types of hotels the people who gave this place a bad review usually stay in, but as a frequent traveller all over the world, I would have to say this was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. We got an incredible rate thanks to the weekly Travelzoo Top 20 email earlier in the month, which beat anything the strip could have offered us for the same time period. Let's see...daily service, which isn't always the case in similar apartment hotel chains, FREE in-room internet (I challenge any hotel on the strip to match that), flat-screen tv, secure parking and grounds, fully equipped kitchen that helped us save on over-priced bad breakfasts, even a washer and dryer. Only beef was getting a Queen-sized bed instead of a King. We went with the studio suite, which was more than enough room for 2 people, and at $99/night...come on, what can you possibly find to complain about? Some reviewers have said this is the best kept secret in Vegas, and it's only a matter of time before word gets out. Maybe that's the reason for the poor reviews, to try to deter people from finding out about it? I hope when we go back in another year or two we can still get this same sort of deal, but I have a feeling we'll be out of luck.	
Jan 5 2008 	discusting filthy place	We spent New Year's at the Meridian, paying almost 600.00 a night for 2 nights in a Valancia suite. We booked in August so this was not a last minute booking. We were given a lesser accomodation, unbeknownst to us until we got to our room after lugging all our luggage through the confusing maise of hallways. When we returned to the front desk to get the room we paid for, they were very sceptical and said I had not booked the Valencia suite. I had to show them all my confirmation emails from them, they relented and apologised, but the suite was dirty and had to be cleaned.We waited over an hour for the bellman to help us relocate our luggage, he didn't show so we moved it ourselves from one building to another.The Valentia suite, while nicely decorated was very dirty. The tile floors had smeared stuff all over them from the previous guests, even in the toilet area. It was really gross. Don't take your shoes off in that place. The pull out chesterfield had the previous guests sheets still on them and there was still garbage in the containers. The shower enclosures were ancient, unlike the rest of the place, it was wierd.There was a smell of mold and carpet deodoriser coming from the carpet in the master bedroom, it made me sick that night, and a week later I'm still sick. My daughter had an allergic reaction and is still sick. Since it was the day before New Year's eve we couldn't find another accommodation. There is something not quite right about this place, the window dressing is there, but there is no service. We said it was like a Super 8 Resort . Don't bother staying here unless you bring copious amounts of your own cleaning supplies and don't stay here if you have allergies.	
Dec 10 2007 	WHAT A HOTEL-never stay in a regular LV hotel again	Great Decor- 2 bedroom- 2 bath- master closet- kitchen with all major appliances and necessities- living room -dining room balconry. It was like Pier one or Restoration Hardware exploded- flat screens in bedrooms and living room. 2 pools-nice because there wasnt a million people- very private- nice for us 40 somethings! It is 2 long city blocks down from the Flamingo. It was great because what we spent on the room we saved huge relaxing with friends for wine and food- that we had in the large living room-we saved so much snacking and drinking at our 2nd home! We still went out but it was great having EVERYTHING we needed right there! Very nice	
Nov 30 2007 	Wow!	WOW! My girlfriend and I just returned from a week in Las Vegas. We reserved a two bedroom suite at The Meridian Luxury Suites and the place was so large we invited our friends from LA to drive up and spend the week with us. We each had private bedrooms with their own baths! The staffed did our grocery shopping for us so we always had snacks and beverages when hanging out together in the living room, kitchen or balcony. Too bad I dont cook- the kitchen was amazing!All this and a 4 minute walk to the strip! I cant wait to return.	
Nov 23 2007	Pleasantly surprised!	My family of 5 recently stayed for 2 nights in a 2 bedroom suite. I had my doubts after reading some of the reviews, but everything was wonderful! Check in was quick and they even met us in the parking garage and helped us find the unit. The place is large and a little confusing to find our way around, but they were very helpful.The unit was goreous and had everything we could have needed except the food. It was professionally decorated and we had beautiful blackout curtains. The beds were amazingly comfortable. 3 tvs, fully stocked kitchen, washer/dryer.The pool and workout areas were fabulous! The weather was warm and we spent our mornings lounging in the comfortable chairs and playing basketball and swimming in the 80 degree pools/hot tubs. It is like a caribbean resort with the palm trees.This place suited us well. It gave us the space we needed, it was clean, everyone was friendly, and it was secure. We were there for a family vacation with the kids so a casino environment was not what we were after. Plus, it was close enough to walk and you end up at the center at the Bellagio. You are also near the monorail.So if you are into a relaxing, upscale, spacious place to stay without the gaming, and are up to a short walk- this is your place.	
Nov 20 2007 	Undiscovered Gem!	I cannot believe this hidden treasure that is just a short stroll away from the strip! Before arriving I was extremely hesitant as I knew nothing about this new resort. I saw the pictures online, but as we all know this is no guarantee that is what you get upon arriving. Let me tell you, it was better than advertised! The rooms are spacious, the finishes are exquisite and the furnishings are first class. The front desk was helpful, the security is friendly and the atmosphere was very laid back. I honestly wondered rather or not I should do such a positive review as I want to keep this place a secret only to myself! The only drawback I would say is there is no food on site. They do have an &quot;in room&quot; dining menu which is delivered to your door, but not quite the same as room service. I was told by the front desk that this feature is coming in the near future. Needless to say I will be coming back again and again to this undiscovered gem in the heart of Las Vegas!	
Nov 19 2007 	The Meridian has potential but is not quite there yet	We stayed at the Meridian Luxury Suites for four days in November. We paid 132$/night through Expedia. For that price, we were overall pleased with the accommodations. However, had we paid the hotel’s advertised rates of up to $300/night, we would have been very disappointed. Here is my (very long) review:Check-in: We arrived on a Thursday evening at 11:30pm. The front desk was closed (open 7am-11pm) so the security guard at the gate took care of check-in. He gave us the keys to our room, and the gates surrounding the resort. This only took about 5 minutes. The grounds are big and can be a bit confusing but the map that they gave us was helpful.Room: Here’s where our troubles began. We had booked a one-bedroom suite (#2-319). At first sight, we were impressed: the suite is large and very nicely appointed. But upon closer inspection, we were not so impressed. For one, the bathtub was pretty much disgusting- totally grimy. It looked like it hadn’t been cleaned in a while. Both TVs (in the living room and the bedroom) did not work. The lights in the bedroom didn’t work either (there must have been a blown fuse or something). Since it was late, we decided we’d take care of it in the morning and just went to bed. We had difficulty sleeping because apparently, the air conditioning was not working either and it was about 83F in the room. Outside traffic noise was also a problem but luckily I had brought earplugs. The next morning, prior to calling the front desk about out room problems, I hopped in the shower. After about 5 minutes, the water turned ice cold. No more hot water! We called the front desk and they told us they would send someone to fix everything. When we asked when this person would come by, they said they had no idea. I might add, they didn’t seem at all surprised by the number of problems we had encountered with our room (nor were they apologetic). Finally, they offered to change our room. So a bellboy came to our suite and helped us bring our luggage to a 2-bedroom suite (#2-225). The upgrade was a nice touch. This room was better: air conditioning worked, TVs worked, etc. The suite was also quieter (less street noise). Unfortunately, the bathtubs were still grimy (the maid did not wash the tub once during our stay). Over the next couple of days, we experienced a few problems. The bathtub and sink in the en-suite did not drain properly, the curtains in the bedroom are not really blackout drapes (so if you like a really dark room, give this hotel a pass), one of the toilets kept clogging for no apparent reason, etc. The kitchen was very nice and mostly well equipped (pots and pans are of very low quality, but the rest of the plates/cutlery are fine). Since we spent most of our time outside of the room we decided that we could live with these inconveniences.Location: The strip is a 10-minute walk away. I liked the location. In a previous stay in Las Vegas, we had stayed at the NYNY Hotel and Casino. Although that hotel is this right on the strip, it was still a good 15-20 minute walk from Centre strip (Bellagio, Caesars Palace, etc.) The Meridian is literally 10 minutes from these hotels. We rented a car, which we thought was very practical. There’s a grocery store about 2 miles east from the hotel on Flamingo called Albertson’s. It is open late and we stocked up on breakfast food. We felt relatively safe walking to the hotel late at night, although there were a few suspect characters on Flamingo, so if such things bother you, you might want to stay on the Strip. We weren’t too concerned about this- there’s always a lot of traffic on Flamingo and a fair number of people walking around. The Meridian itself is extremely safe (gated, lots of security). Pool and grounds: This was a highlight of our stay. The pool area is very nice and was only busy during the afternoon (but still not that busy). We went a couple of times in the evening and had the whole area to ourselves. Spa and pool appeared to be very clean. We didn’t use the gym but it looked great (very large). The hotel also has a business centre where you can use the computer and printer.Construction work: As other reviewers mentioned, there’s a lot of construction work going on. We weren’t too bothered by it except for our last morning. We awoke at 8am to the sound of hammers, heavy stomping and drills- seems they were working in the apartment above us. Excessive noise is not my idea of fun after I’ve been out late on the strip. We just wanted to sleep in but that clearly wasn’t going to happen.Summary: Would I stay here again? Maybe, if I could get a good rate. This hotel is especially practical for families or groups of friends who want a quiet place to hang out away from the strip. We did enjoy taking a break now and then from the casinos and relax in our living room or by the pool. Some kinks really need to be worked out though before I can give this hotel a five star.PS: In case you haven’t noticed, there are two different listings for this hotel on Tripadvisor. The hotel is listed as both The Meridian Luxury Suites and as The Meridian at Hughes Centre. Check them both out.	
Nov 19 2007	Best Hotel Ever Stayed In	The Meridian Luxury Suites is an excellent way to escape the Strip without being to far away. The suites were very large and accommodating to a weeks stay. We spent a majority of the time at the pool relaxing and enjoying the peaceful scenery. We also enjoyed the exercise facility and tennis courts. This hotel will be on our list to return in the Spring.	
Nov 15 2007	Best kept secret!	Needed two rooms or a suite for Vegas and happened upon the Meridian Luxury Suites. Loved the price for the two bedroom/two bath unit. Should be renamed Meridian luxury condos!! Great location. Walk about ten minutes to the center of the strip (Bellagio). Loved that we missed all the noise from the strip and not smokey like the casinos. Our unit was beautiful. Flat screen tvs, vcr/dvd combo, cable, full kitchen with new stainless steel appliances and coffee maker with coffee provided, laundry facilities in our unit with soap provided!! The pool was 24 hours and heated and we had it all to ourselves. There was a great business center where you can print out your boarding passes! Plus there's tennis courts, sauna, and a great gym!Check in was a little rough. Like the other reviews, we had a little mix up with our room. Booked a two bedroom, but were sent to a one bedroom. However, one phone call and someone brought us up new keys and walked us over to our proper unit. Also the elevator was down on our side so we had to walk all the way over to the other elevator with no signs to guide us.Over all, the experience was great and I will be staying there from now on!	
Nov 9 2007 	Bad customer service	I stayed there a week ago and let me just say their customer service was horroible. The check in took about an hour to do which to me is ridiculous. The room I stayed in had light bulbs that didn't work, some of the sheets had stains on them. The last day I was there the cable went out for several hours and nobody notified me. I would not recommend this place to anyone.	
Nov 7 2007	Not a resort hotel but a rental unit	This is not a resort hotel but a complex of rental units about 15 years old currently being renovated. We tried to check in at the front desk and were handed back to security who had a package from one of 4 companies managing the units. There is no room service, no restaurants, no housekeeping, etc. If you like to ride elevators with construction workers, this is the place. If you like getting telemarketing calls in your unit 6-7 times a day, this is the place. If you like washing your own towels, this is the place. If you like noise and firetrucks going regularily by this is the place. The internet did not work and it took two days to get someone out to fix it. Yes the furniture was nice, the pool nice, etc. but I did not expect this when I booked with orbitz. $300/night for a rental unit 15 minutes off the strip is not good value.	
Nov 6 2007 	Please...just a little "piece" of quiet! Otherwise great location.	This is a property with a catch and for me that catch is critical because I'm not very good if I can't sleep.The room is gorgeous. Flat screen TV, Cable Internet, DVD/VCR, top quality furniture, tasteful design. Excellent bedding, lighting and fully equipped kitchen;washer and dryer in a separate closet.What's missing are curtains that stop light. Las Vegas isn't known forclouds, so you can expect full light to rouse you at the crack of dawnbecause the curtains are translucent.If the light doesn't do the job then, maybe the neighbor's plumbing will. Any time the water is turned on, a very loud rushing water soundcomes right through the wall next to the bed's headboard.Then there are the row of air conditioning fans just outside your window. There's eight of them and they go on and off all night long.But wait! There's more. The loading and unloading of trucks with theirlyrical bleating backup tones joined in harmony by the backup beeps from tractors working nearby. It's a symphony of insommnia!Front desk staff: impeccable. Property security: Ditto. Location: Excellent. The key to this property is getting a room that's both quiet and has curtains unless you're not light sensitive. If you have quiet then this place is pretty suite.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great Customer Service	I booked a great rate at the Meridian on Orbitz. Surprisingly, the units were exactly as it looked online. We originally booked the one bedroom which was comfortable, but the people above us were stomping around upstairs all hours of the night. We thought we would nap during the day, but workers were renovating the room next door. After 2 nights of no sleep, I went to the front desk and they upgraded us to a 2 bedroom on the top floor. The 2 bedroom was much nicer than the 1 bedroom and we were very happy that no one was above us. The entire property is gated which made us feel very safe. The pool is beautiful and very relaxing. I'm really glad we stayed at a non-gaming resort. We were looking for a relaxing vacation and we got it at the Meridian. The only thing I would suggest as an improvement would be to add a restaurant or some kind of food service on site. There were places within walking distance, but it took us a day or two to get our bearings and to stock the kitchen with snacks. it would've been nice to have some place on site. They did have a menu for a delivery place in the suite, and we did use them the first night, but they never showed with our food. In addition, the prices were outrageous ($15 for cheesesteak, $6 for 2 liter soda)Instead, we feel asleep waiting for them. Minor point, but worth noting.I would highly recommend this resort to anyone staying more than 5 days in LV and looking for some rest and relaxation.	
Oct 21 2007	Excellent	Stayed in a 2 bed condo. Everything brand new, excellent &quot;classic modern&quot; design of browns, great appliances. Excellent location right off the mid-strip near the Flamingo.	
Oct 13 2007	Great Deal	Had a beautiful 2 bedroom condo with our son and his family. This was over Labor Day Weekend and it was peaceful there away from the crowds on the strip. It's a good 20 minute walk to the strip. The pool was lovely.They are renovating the whole place so it's a little confusing to the new staff. But all in all, the condo was great...with a very expensive kitchen appliances, although we didn't do any cooking.	
Oct 10 2007	Superior Experience	We just returned from a wonderful stay at the Meridian Luxury Suites in Las Vegas. Superior value!! The hotel room (actualy they were fully furnished upscale apartments) was just as advertised. Total luxury (we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite) with about 900 sq. ft. of living space. Full kitchen complete with everything you could possibily need along with a washer/dryer (nice surprise). The hotel was non-gaming facility. Just across the main entrance was a hotel/restaurant/casino and the main strip was just a half mile away. Since this was a gated community, there wasn't a taxi stand (across the street if your in a hurry) but the hotel would happily call for one to meet you at the main entrance. The main pool area was terrific and never crowded. The hotel staff and employees were very helpful and friendly. We will definetly recommend this beautiful location to all we know, and stay here again on our next trip to Las Vegas!	
Oct 8 2007 	Lovely apartment	This was by far the most luxurious and the cheapest accomodation we had stayed in throughout our holiday/vacation. We booked a 2 bed Platinum Suite for 3 adults and it was swish!! Leather sofas, plasma TVs, mirrored walls in lounge, huge fridge/freezer and cooker. You could easily cater for yourself here on the odd night. I made use off the washer and dryer as we were halfway though our vacation. They even left us small packets of soap powder. However, it was dusty and our balcony furniture was particularly dusty but we wiped it over ourselves even though reception offered to send someone.For me I hate elevators and high rise, so this was PERFECT! It was a good 20 minute walk to the Strip but I liked the fact we were off strip and it was a secure, gated community. I used the pool - not crowded at all, plenty of loungers. The Staff were happy to phone for taxis and when we were stood up by a taxi driver on the one night we had show tickets, the Manager even offered to drop us off to the Mirage himself. When I offered a tip to the desk guys - they refused! They certainly have plans for this place and I would definately go back without hesitation.	
Oct 4 2007 	Nice condo but too much construction	We recently stayed 4 nights in condo #7113. When we arrived, the regerstration desk had no info on our reservation. Luckily we booked the room on their website, and had the confirmation email. Regerstration clerk was nice, but there is a lot of confusion. They did not seem to know which condos were vacant or occupied, it took 20 minutes to find a room for us. We ended up getting a 2 bedroom, instead of the 1 bedroom we booked because no 1 bedrooms were available. Beware, when checking in they give condo key cards and a front gate/ garage remote control, but if you lose either, there is $150 charge, which seemed awful steep for a plastic room key.On a walk to our condo, we were surprised at how much construction was going on. There seemed to be no real security during the day because the complex was overrun with construction workers.When we got to our condo, we we impressed, rooms look just like the pictures on their website, but none have good views of the strip. Our patio over looked at parking lot.During the two mornings of our stay, the condo next to us was being renovated, (very few units are finished, with some appearing to be still leased out as apartments). The construction started promptly at 8am. There was lots of pounding on the adjoining wall. I think they were installing the crown molding, and installing floor tile. I tried to call the desk to complain, but the phone number on our check-in paper work was for the reservation center located somewhere else, and when they tried to transfer me, the phone just rang. I did not really want to deal with the regerstration desk confusion again, so we just put up with it.All in all, I would recommend staying here but wait until all the construction is complete.	
Sep 28 2007 	What a mess!!	If you love dirt, noise, broken down elevators, confusion, lack of security and a 15 minute walk to the strip while paying strip prices, then this place is for you. Difficult to tell (no one there can or will) when the major costruction will end. Ultimately this might be a good place to stay but today it is a disaster.	
Sep 25 2007 	Lots of Construction Work	There is a ton of construction going on at this place. Every morning at 7 am we were awakened by drilling, sawing, and yelling construction workers next door. It was annoying, and we tried contacting the front desk, but they told us they couldn't do anything about it.	
Aug 18 2007 	Great Stay Great Location!		
Aug 15 2007 	Luxury at a Great Price		
Jul 15 2007	Awsome Place to stay.		
May 26 2007 	Excellent!		
May 13 2007 	best place to stay		
Jan 4 2005	Dirty		
Apr 4 2004	The best home in town		
Oct 30 2003	Home Away From Home		
Jun 7 2003	Great and Relaxing		
Jan 19 2003	staying near The Strip in quiet and safe temporary apartment		
Sep 18 2008 	Fabuleux		
