Oct 28 2009	Great stay - Great Staff	Let me start by saying, two things. One, I have worked in hotels for 18 years and know a thing or two about them. Two, if you're traveling with a dog, this is one of the best I've been in...for the price! Yes, they ask for a cleaning deposit and if you are only staying one night, it it a bit high but if you choose this hotel for a getaway or long term stay, you won't be dissapointed. First off, it's a fairly new hotel and it is non-smoking! The rooms are super clean and spacious. They have a fully equipped kitchen and they also have a really nice comp breakfast. Traveling with a 14 year old dog, we had a lot of requests and the staff (Desse, David and Brooke) couldn't have been more accomadating. My belief is that it starts at the top and their manager Terra was terrific. We stayed for 17 days and could'nt be happier. They also offer a free shuttle to the MGM and Mandalay Bay...a nice touch. Pool and spa are really nice...gym a bit small but doable. Now, depending on why you are in Vegas and with who, will determine where you stay. We could have stayed at any of the really nice hotels on the strip for less money but few of them take pets and the ones that do are a fortune. If you don't like the strip but want to be close...if you're traveling with pets....if you like the extra room....THIS IS THE PLACE!	
Oct 19 2009 	very comfortable	We have stayed here several times and everything is clean and we enjoy the breakfast buffet. It's quiet, and close enough to get to the strip in 5 minutes.	
Oct 8 2009 	outdated room	outdated room, major reduction in free food for the evening	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent choice for off the strip stay	We had a 2 bedroom 2 bath suite that was very large, comfortable, clean and had a kitchen. Hotel offers a good breakfast, evening snacks on weekdays, and a shuttle to the strip from 7am to midnight. Staff is excellent and very helpful. A great place to stay that is quiet and also convenient to the strip. Is also non smoking. Safe area and we found it easy to get places by using Dean Martin Drive which parallels I 15 and has little traffic. Hotel has received exceptional cleanliness awards from Marriott and the reviewer who claimed to have had bed bugs did so out of spite and it was never true.	
Sep 18 2009 	Cool And Nice	Stayed here 4 nights in the 2 bedroom suite,nice hotel,clean and respectful.Food was good,located near the airport,but didn't really hear the airplanes.If you rent a car its a 5 minute drive to the strip,or if you dont,you can ride the shuttle bus,and it will drop you off and pick you up at the MGM Hotel.Will stay again next time i come to Las Vegas.	
Aug 17 2009 	Too Long IN Sin City	Trip was a blast!!!! What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, hopefully. Be sure you take you Visa card, because your American Express has no limit. You will need some form of control, if only in your mind.	
Aug 2 2009 	Convenient location nice pool pet deposit too expensive	Stayed with family &amp; small kids. The hotel is pet friendly, but the pet deposit was $100 which was very expensive. It is very pet friendly, lots of places to walk the pooch and handy refuse bags near all open areas. Decor was very nice and clean. Staff was efficient (we checked-in behind 4 other parties and they had extra hands at the registration desk when needed...I was impressed). Besides the inflated pet deposit, the only other downfall is that the place is right next to the I-15 and the in-bound flight path for the airport, so don't expect a lot of quiet time. It is a great alternative to the normal casino-scene stuff, great for kids. Pool area is better than most, has a nice waterfall, changing rooms and restrooms inside the pool area. We will stay again, but not with our pooch in tow.	
Jul 28 2009 	Positives and Negatives - Judge For Yourself	We stayed here from July 25-27.Positive aspects of this hotel:1. Far enough away from the Strip, that there are not swarms of tourists around.2. Good, decent breakfast every morning (eggs, potatoes, toast, meat, pastries, cereals and more)3. Excellent staff. Very attentive and helpful.4. Clean rooms, as most Residence Inns have.5. Free parking and Internet.Negative aspects of this hotel:1. It is right next to the freeway, and if you end up getting a room facing that side (which we did), it is quite noisy all through the night.2. Lots of families with small children stay here (children screamed loudly for hours in the room next to ours). Note: this is not the fault of the hotel.3. You need a car to get anywhere near the Strip (unless you take the free shuttle, which only runs at certain times of the day). 4. Swimming pool is quite small.	
Jul 15 2009 	Good hotel outside the Strip	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. We had a two bedroom suite and it's nice when you have three children. Breakfast was good but not great. It's not close to any store or restaurants , it's about a mile to Mandalay Bay . Free high speed internet.	
Jun 4 2009	Left After First Night	We were scheduled to stay at this Residence Inn for two nights. We checked out early in the morning after our first night and moved to the Residence Inn Green Valley, which was a huge improvement.When we checked into our room at Residence Inn South, we found a note on the counter from the housekeeping service, to a prior guest, stating the room was not made up due to the &quot;privacy&quot; sign on the door. Obviously someone had made up the room, because the bed was made etc., but they had not cleaned well (as evidence by the housekeeping note still being on the counter) and the carpet had not been thoroughly vaccumed.When we went into the bathroom, their was hair on the tub and the floor. Yikes. I hate a dirty bathroom! It turns my stomach to check into a room with an unclean bathroom.We called the front desk and the staff person apologized and immediately moved us to another and larger room, which was appreciated. However, we still found the room in general to look worn and give an appearance of not being very clean (due to the worn nature of the carpet , tile around the tub etc.)I was then waiting iniside the building door where our room was located, for my daughter to come from her car into the building. A group of four people (two couples) who were guests, entered the door with their key, looked at me and called me a &quot;dumb [--].&quot; I had not spoken to them and was simply standing in the entry way. I reported the incident and requested security take some extra strolls through our building. The staff person whom I spoke with told me he would inform the manager but we never had a responsive call from the manager.We shortly realized that this hotel was located in an area where we could not walk around to restaurants or shops. The nearest grocery store, per the front desk, was an 8 minute drive. There were no restaurants or shops around. The hotel is located on what was previously known as &quot;Industrial Drive&quot; and it definitely is in a more industrial location, even though you can see the strip from the hotel.The breakfast area is very small, about half the size of the normal Residence Inn. It made it very &quot;tight&quot; seating in the morning.We also inquired of the front desk if they had a cork screw to open a bottle of wine we had purchased. The staff person was very polite and informed us there was not one anywhere in the hotel but he could call the Court Yard hotel next door and have one brought over but it would take 20 minutes. After 30 minutes we called again and were told the Court Yard hadn't yet responded. We gave up.We found this just wasn't the right place for what we were looking for. We moved over to the Residence Inn Green Valley and loved it.The staff at Residence Inn South were all polite and friendly, but the location and housekeeping in the hotel were poor.	
Feb 4 2009 	Don't leave anything behind	While the stay here was okay, be sure you don't leave anything behind because you'll probably never see it again. I left a jacket and sweater in the front closet of the room and notified the property as soon as I returned home. The items could not be located. How can a jacket and sweater disappear?? I won't be going back!	
Jan 21 2009 	Good but over-ranked on tripadvisor	I stay at a lot of Marriott properties all over the world (platinum rewards member). I like Marriott because there is always a minimum level of comfort I've come to expect no matter where I stay. This location was decent but overall I don't think it deserves the &quot;top 20&quot; ranking it has in Las Vegas.PROS: The property is very new, and the grounds are well kept. The location is not on the Strip, but is convenient to get there by car or the hotel shuttle. The room I had was a standard Residence Inn studio king, in fact it was an exact replica of the layout I've seen at other Residence Inns and it was nice. The front desk staff were nice and the hotel breakfast was above average for a Residence Inn (eggs, potatoes, do-it-yourself breakfast burritos, and the usual fruit and breads). The area was quiet at night, and there is no casino on site so the hotel really does &quot;sleep&quot; late at night.CONS: The room I had was not as clean as it should have been. Hairs scattered around the bathroom floor and tub, and the toilet seat was...not shiny. The bed was much firmer than I expected, I didn't sleep well.Overall I would recommend it for a family with multi-bedroom needs or someone on an extended stay in Las Vegas. For the money though there are other Marriott properties (Renaissance Las Vegas maybe) that I would try first.	
Jan 4 2009 	Top Marks	I was amazed to read the review posted a couple of days ago. I am in Las Vegas on vacation with my husband staying at the Residence South for the first time. We stay around 100 nights a year in everything from log cabins to smart hotels and I can say that my impression of this hotel, from the upgrade at reception to the excellent appearance of the place as we went to our suite to the amazing cleanliness of our rooms was one of the best I have had.Everything, everywhere seems spotless. Even my kitchen sink shone! Bathrooms gleamed. The kitchen and everything in it was pristine. One wonders where the reviewer stayed before and what she brought to Vegas in their luggage.Me, I'll definitely stay here again.	
Jan 2 2009 	BITTEN BY BED BUGS!	I have stayed at many Residence Inns over the years. But this was the stay from HELL!I was driving my 91 year old mother from Boise, ID to San Diego to visit family for Christmas.We had a two room suite. At about 10 pm I got into bed. A few minutes later I saw a small black bug on my pillow. Thinking it might be a spider I just flicked it away. A few minutes later I felt a bite on my shoulder and brushed by hand across the spot. A larger black bug hit the sheet next to be, burst open and left a spatter of my blood on the sheet. As I was jumping out of bed a second bite happened and I did the same thing with the same result, another bug and a blood spot on the sheet.. Once I was out of bed I was able to see many of these vile creatures on the white sheets.Because of their size I thought they were ticks and only learned that they were not when I had them inspected by a lab in Boise on my return. They confirmed that they were in fact bed bugs and that they did exist in that size.The only good news was that I was not exposed to any disease.That night, I called the office and told them to find me another suite. I had to wake my sleeping mother and move all of our stuff to another room and even after taking a shower still felt itchy. I inspected the sheets in the new room and found nothing but I remained itchy for several days, in spite of showering twice a day.I find it amazing that a hotel of this supposed quality would have bed bugs! I have never experienced this before, anywhere!It was a really gross experience and needless to say, I would not stay at this hotel again.I was told by the inspecting lab here in Boise that the only way to get rid of them was to do a massive extermination, and I don't know if this was done after I left. My massive, they meant the entire hotel, not just the room. I was also told to check my luggage, and bedding at home, very carefully, because I may have brought them home with me. Fortunately thid did not happen, but I could have been exposed to these bugs and worse, my mother may have brought them back to her retirement home and infected that whole place.This is inexcusable. I will never get into bed in a hotel without first checking the bedding VERY, VERY carefully.It ruined the entire trip.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Experience. Would definitely stay here again!!!	Went to LV over Memorial Day Weekend. We stayed one night at the Residence Inn. I booked a 2 Bedroom/2Bath. Went with another couple AND our 2 very clean small Dogs!! I stress clean because you would be surprised how grossed out non pet owners are when they find out that a hotel actually accepts pets. At any rate, this particular Residence Inn is fairly new and very modern and clean. The 2 Bedroom is like an apartment with a big kitchen and T.V's in both bedrooms along with the livingroom. The free buffet breakfast was great. I highly recommend this place to anyone. It was quiet and clean. I do have to agree with a previous reviewer regarding the shuttle. The shuttle does drop you off at Mandalay Bay and I believe the MGM. However, it stops at 11:00PM, but you can always take a taxi back to the hotel. It is a great perk but I am not a shuttle person. I am too independant and don't like to wait. If you aren't planning on drinking heavily than take your own car. ALL the major hotels on the strip have FREE parking gargages in the back of each hotel. You DON'T have to Valet and pay if you don't want.	
Nov 14 2008 	Quiet clean smoke free hotel close to the LV Strip	I had read almost all the reviews of the top 40 hotels. Many were good and I was tempted to choose several other hotels first before coming around to the Residence Inn. I'm very glad I chose this hotel over all the others. I will expand on the other reviews I had read based on my new direct experience with the hotel. We got a suite with 2 bedrooms and central area with fridge + stove + dish washer + fireplace + microwave oven + 3 tvs. Benefits: (1) 'Building B' looked brand new and spotless, (2) totally smoke free hotel, (3) as a computer person, the free highspeed was indeed 'high speed' except around 10pm each night when it became too slow to use for an hour or so, (4) cost was the same or cheaper than the hotels on the strip or anywhere else nearby, (5) highway and 'Las Vegas Strip' car access is just excellent once you know the back-entrace method, (6) lots of ample parking, (7) good room service, (8) free breakfast with eggs + waffles &amp; milk/juice/coffee, (9) fairly quiet except one afternoon of airplanes landing further south of the hotel and 2 car alarms going off, (10) small fitness center + basketball area, (11) pool + smaller spa pool + waterfall - only the spa pool was heated - no one was in either one all week so the pool area was quiet for all to use. If you prefer peace and quiet then this is the place to go, but it does not have the hussle and bussle of any LV strip hotel (nor the smoke!).I had picked up a lot of good advice on this forum in reading the reviews from the other 40 hotels, so let me offer some of my own advice: (1) Being in LV before, having a car is an excellent and cost savings way to get around town and to get groceries, (2) We went to 3 buffets: Stratosphere Courtyard, Desert Rose and Sam's Town - everyone said to go to Sam's Town but it was the most disappointing in selection and price ($60 for 2 people and one child at night); Stratosphere had the best selection of the 3 and the lowest price - however, all 3 didn't come close to the average buffets I go to each week in Toronto, (3) 'Town Center' is a new-style shopping complex close to the hotel by car - go east on Russel Road, Las Vegas Blvd South and it is on your right side about 3min down the strip, close to Hwy 215/15 interchange - has Fry's Electronics, food store, etc. (4) here is some golden advice for car access to the hotel: access the hotel from 'Russel Road' - go west from Las Vegas Blvd (south of Mandalay Bay) or get off at the Russell Road I15 exit, go over the bridge (west) and immediately turn left (south) _after_ the traffic lights in a little opening in the road median, go 200' south and the Residence Inn's back door will be on your left before the end of this street. The front of the hotel sits on Dean Martin Drive which parallels I15 all the way north to the Stratosphere where it turns into Industrial Road. Don't drive on the slow Las Vegas Blvd before 11pm - use Dean Martin Drive, Frank Sinatra Drive or just get on/off I15 at Tropicana/Flamingo/Sahara exits to quickly access any part of the strip without waiting at lots of slow traffic lights, (5) my wife took the shuttle many times over to Mandalay Bay or further on to Town Center shopping mall, which runs every 30mins. You could probably walk over to Mandalay Bay via the 'back road' of the hotel + Russel Street brige in 15mins or so.I had also made an extensive list of things to do with my family during our one week. Here's the recommended ones: (1) For sure, go to the 'Red Rock Canyon' which is at the west-most rim of the mountains near Las Vegas - at look-out point # 1 we journeyed down to the orange canyon walls where were formed by shifting sand dunes 160mil years ago, (2) Boulder Dam + Boulder City = one day tour and we did the more expensive tour right inside the dam walls, (3) one of the nicest hotels to visit since my last trip 12 years ago is Caesar's Palace, (4) The Freemont Street Experience was worth seeing (make sure you see both shows), (5) there is a downtown art show the first Friday evening of each month, (6) Friday and Saturday nights have a planetarium show at CCSN, (7) the LUXOR's entertainment floor is disappointing compared to what it was like 10-12 years ago.	
Oct 24 2008 	perfect	Now this is what a room should be. Separate bedroom so I can sleep while my mate can watch Tv, computer, cook....very quiet. We stayed here twice. Once a separate bedroom then four days later a suite with two bedrooms so my sister could be with us before she went to airport the next morning. My husband slept through the night and so did I....WOW	
Oct 3 2008 	Best place to stay with your family	Because we have 3 teenagers, the Residence Inns come in handy. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. Worth the price compared to getting 2 separate rooms. The pool was very nice and cool on hot August night. The shuttle to Mandalay Bay is awesome, used it every night. The breakfast in the morning was good, the coffee was even better. I found the hotel to be very clean and the security in the parking lot is nice. Same complex as a Holiday Inn Express and a Courtyard. Always a nice stay at the Residence Inn. Also, free Internet service in the rooms.	
Sep 4 2008 	Fantastic Residence Inn except for Managers Reception	We stayed here for 3 nights in August.My husband and I loved the quiet ambience of this hotel after having spent hours at or nearby the Strip. The 2-bedroom-suite was great, as almost always with the Residence Inns. Nice, clean, comfortable. We had asked for a quiet room not facing the I 15, which was a good decision. No noise at all. The nearby airport was no problem to us. During daytime we could see the planes starting and passing the hotel nearby, it was quite interesting to watch them. And during nighttime there was no noice at all.Our kids - teens - of course would have preferred a hotel at the Strip. But still they also liked the comfort and beautifuness of this hotel. Especially the gardenarea with the pool is just brilliant. It is wonderful to stay there and have a relaxing time in and around the pool. It was very very hot during our stay (around 110 degree) so it was great to find the pool being really fresh and very very clean!!!We did use the shuttle-service to and from the MGM-hotel, also to the Mandalay. From there we used taxis several times, f.ex. to get to the Hard Rock Cafe, which really is too far away from the Strip to walk. From the strip its around 15-25 USD by taxi back to the hotel.During our vacation we noticed that the Residence Inns do not have Mon-Thursday-Managers Receptions any more. They've cut that service to Mon/Wed/Thursday-Receptions, at some places even less, just twice a week. OK. If one knows that, no problem. But if they offer a reception, they really should offer one. That really was the only bad thing we found at this Residence Inn. For the Monday we stayed there they had announced a reception but when we got there (and would have liked to have had a glass of wine or beer before using the shuttle to the MGM) we really were surprised to find almost nothing. Nothing to eat except for some fruit salat and just a few undefinable juices? No wine, no beer??? Hey, this was Las Vegas??? The management should better abstain from a reception like that. Because that wasn't one!Apart from this the Residence Inn Las Vegas South was the best and most beautiful Residence Inn we have ever stayed at.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great place to stay	This hotel is south of Mandalay Bay, but not at all walkable to it as maps might suggest. Shuttle runs there every 30 min, which was fine for me, but not my mother. The shuttle takes you to the convention center. It's convenient in and out for the vehicle, but it's a 20 minute walk to the monorail. We did not take the MGM shuttle which runs once per hour. That may be a better bet.The hotel is clean with large, comfortable rooms. We had a 2 br suite, as we had four people. Pool area is nice. Breakfast was adequate. I'd recommend the hotel to anyone wanting an affordable stay slightly away (but not too far) from all the noise of &quot;the strip&quot;.	
Jun 4 2008 	A Fantastic Property	We were here for a trade show at Mandalay Bay for 5 days. I wanted a clean, reasonably priced hotel and we got it here. We had a two-bedroom suite and it was nice to have two bathrooms for 3 people. I love that all the Marriott properties are completely non-smoking. There is something for everyone on the extensive breakfast buffet, which included eggs, waffles, fruit, cereal, oatmeal, bagels, donuts, fruit, yogurt and more. We used the hot tub to rejuvenate our weary feet each day after the show.I saw other travelers noted highway or airport noise; we didn't hear any of that as our room was in the building farthest away from that overlooking the pool.Everyone was incredibly nice and helpful. Special props to Brooke. I am extremely picky about my hotels and this place exceeded my expectations!	
May 8 2008 	Loved the Residence Inn	My wife, daughter, and I stayed there in April '08.When we arrived at the hotel on Tuesday, the clerk immediately gave us a free upgrade. Sweet! It was a 2 BR, 2 full bathrooms,kitchenette, living room, with 3 TV's.We knew we were going to love this place.Full breakfast each morning including hot oatmeal and raisins (the traveller's friend).Each evening, except weekends, the manager had a social with free food such as spaghetti with garlic bread, or nacho chips with salad. So we didn't have to buy much food except if we wanted to eat out.Later, they added a free lunch at the Courtyard by Marriott next door, but we didn't go there.The hotel has a shuttle to and from Mandalay Bay every few hrs., so we didn't have to rent a car. Very busy traffic in town.The hotel was spotless, staff were friendly, weather was beautiful, great pool.Once you're at Mandalay Bay, the city bus, the Deuce, stops just across the street, then you can tour up and down the Strip by bus. Very handy.Would we stay there again? Absolutely!The bigger hotels don't offer as much as this Residence Inn with free breakfast, shuttle, etc.	
Apr 11 2008 	Very Nice	There were 5 of us total with two rooms. Space was not a problem with the pull out couch. Tthe hotel was very clean and spacious. The breakfast was more than I expected and the food was good. The only problem we had was the interstate was close and we could hear the traffic. However, in Vegas, sleeping was just an option. The shuttle service was nice because, 2 of us decided to drive to the Hoover Damn and the rest went on the shuttle for a day in Vegas. One of them even took the bus to Dowtown Freemont afte rtaking the shuttle to MGM. No one had any problems getting back. Cab service to the hotel was available. I would diffently stay there again.	
Feb 25 2008 	It's unanamous....very good hotel	One the of nicest Residence Inns that I have stayed at.Staff could not be nicer! Great rooms, nice little poolarea, big breakfast. Great value in Las Vegas.Getting around was not a big problem...just take the free shuttle to MGM and hop the monorail. The onlydownside I saw was that the shuttle ends at 1100pm.	
Jan 24 2008 	what a New Year's!!!	We had a great time staying at the Residence Inn. We booked it for the long New Year's week-end and were very pleased. We were with family so booked the two bedroom unit. There were a few minor things wrong. No dish towels, no sink strainer and the dish washer didn't work quite right but we survived. The hotel is located not too far from the strip. We could have used the shuttle but decided to drive. We parked in New York, New York. Parking is free. We didn't notice the planes landing or the traffic noice. We are from Chicago so city noises don't bother us. We did not hear any noises from the people next to us. The best part of the week-end was the fact that our room faced the strip and we had excellent views of the fireworks. We could see them, hear them and feel them while we stayed warm and our grandson slept. The breakfast buffet was good-lots of food. They do try to close it down on time. I would definitely recommend this Inn to all my friends.	
Nov 27 2007 	Very Nice Place!	I stayed here over Thanksgiving week from 11/17-11/24. Very nice hotel. This was a visit to my brother who lives in Vegas. We decided to stay here instead of all cramming into their place which we had done before, which made for some very tight accomodations. We booked a 2 bedroom suite on the 3rd floor. Very nice and very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful even down to the cleaning staff. The breakfast was more than we expected. Scrambled eggs, sausage, home fries, and waffles you make from batter and more! We were very happy with the breakfast. They have a very nice pool area and hot tub, though it got cool later in the week and I wasn't brave enough to try it then. Only issue we had was the noise from the airplanes. Not that it was excessive, but it can be heard, especially at 6am in the morning when they really seem to get going. It's just the location of the hotel in this case. Speaking of location, it's nice they have the complimentary shuttle, though we rented a car. (Use Frank Sinatra Drive!!! It's a great timesaver that runs behind Mandalay Bay , all the way up the strip!) So, will I do it again? Definetly!	
Nov 25 2007 	Just an okay stay.	We are rewards members and stay almost exclusively at Mariott hotels so I feel we are a good judge of the properties. We were a group of 5 adults (2 couples and one single). We chose the Residence Inn because you cannot beat having 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a sleeper sofa and a full kitchen. The value for the money was fantastic compared to staying on strip where we would have had to have 2-3 rooms, no free breakfast, and no ability to cook some of our meals to save money.  Make no mistake about it - the hotel is definitely off strip. Due to all the recent, and seemingly never-ending, construction in this city we found the location not at all easy to find from the airport. It is in an area not yet finished. Perhaps when it is done it will be more inviting and easier to get to but for now it was a bit of a headache (and I have been to Vegas about 50 times!). We were just here in June and cannot believe the changes since then! The staff was very friendly and the rooms very clean but, and I apologize to Marriott, it appeared to be one of the cheapest and haphazzardly built hotels built that I have ever stayed at. I did not go in expecting a 5 star luxury suite but the furnishings (especially the kitchen cabinets) looked like they had been salvaged from an older property. I have definitely stayed in more sound proofed rooms on the strip. Luckily our neighbors above us and to the sides of us awoke around the same time as us each day and they were not excessively noisy but had I wanted to sleep late it would have been difficult. We heard every little noise.  I understand they offer free internet in the rooms but we do not like to travel with our computer. For this reason we always make use of Marriotts business centers at their hotels. This property lacked one so when we needed to get online we had to go to an internet cafe.  I know it sounds like we asolutely hated the hotel but actually we did not. It had its faults but if you are looking to stay off strip in an affordable room for a family then this IS the place. We appreciated the lack of hard partying guests. It is near a lot of &quot;non-touristy&quot; stores which we prefer to shop at and had easy access to the freeway which we utilized daily for trips to Death Valley, Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and Red Rock Canyon. We would stay here again if our needs called for this type of hotel.	
Oct 24 2007 	Nice but far from the strip	We stayed here for a vegas getaway with my family. We had a senior and a child traveling with us and wanted to be somewhere without a casino and tons of smoke. This is a great property. We had a 2 bedroom suite on the 3rd floor 340 I believe was the number. It was very spacious, plenty of room for 4 people. Breakfast was ok...Fruit, yogurt, milk, juice, eggs, sausage, make your own waffles. They also had a nacho/salad buffett on Thursday evening. The staff was very nice and helpful with directions and area advice. The pool are was nice and quiet. The room was a blah neutral decor but VERY clean. There was only one drawback at the property.....you are in the flight path for McCarren airport and there is a lot of plane traffic day and night. If you are a light sleeper this may be a problem. I was so exhausted when we hit the room I could have fallen asleep next to a freight train. This is a great place if you do not mind being away from the strip and the hustle and bustle of the casinos. Would we stay here again? Most likely no, but not because of ANYthing to do with the property or staff...they were the best. But it was to far from the strip for us. So if you do not mind being a little way away this is the place for you.	
Aug 24 2007 	great hotel - wonderful front desk help	Great location right off the interstate with quick easy access to the strip hotels. I'm handicapped and arrived alone.The help at the front desk were simply wonderful and helped me into my room with the wheelchair and luggage. They couldn't have been nicer. Two bedroom was very nice (I do wish Residence Inns would have one bdrm with two beds when you book a 2 bedrm as sharing a queen is not always comfortable but this is all Residence Inns and nothing against this property).	
May 8 2007 	This place is great	My family ( three small children 3,7,9) stayed here the last week of April while I attended a conference . This place was excellent with very clean rooms , a great breakfast and wonderful pool area that my family enjoyed while I was away. The location is very close to the strip ( only a 3-5 minute drive) and was close to shopping , groceries etc.. and was very reasonably priced .I would recommend this spot to anyone .	
Feb 17 2007 	A Great Palce To Stay	Hade A Nice Stay Here, We Were All Working A Production At The Mandalay Bay Witch Is A Very Short Drive From The Arena Less Than 5 Min Just Across The I-15, No Problem Checking In And The Rooms Were Larger Than Expected Witch Was Nice And Vary Clean, Lots Of Parking And Seem To Be Very Quite, Breakfast Is Complementary And So Is Internet In The Room, Beds Are O.K. And If You Get A Double Room Suite Each Room Has It Own Bathroom Witch Made The Crew Guys A Lot Happier, It’s the Little Things.	
Oct 23 2006 	Mixed Review; Not great but not bad either	Well maintained new property with nice outdoor areas (swimming pool, sports court, etc.). We also liked the front desk staff who were very accomodating.We had a two bedroom, two bath suite. These rooms are not as big as some of the older Residence Inns. They are functional but not spacious.The complimentary high speed Internet was uneven and slow at times with pages hanging. We mentioned this to the front desk and were referred to the Service Provider. The issue was never resolved.We like to cook and were disappointed to find that the largest burner on the stove was not operational. The timing was bad because we were in the middle of cooking. We called the front desk and a new burner was installed that day.Beware of the refrigerator. The door has a low clearance and injured my partner's foot when he went to open the door.Our dishwasher was either broken or was run twice each day(once by us and once by housekeeping). We started it each morning and found it still running when we returned 8 hours later.Newspapers are limited and only available at the front desk (no door delivery). By 8:30am they were gone. There were no papers for sale so we had to go elsewhere to purchase.We were on the top floor. There was an incredibly bright gas light outside our bedroom window at night. It bathed the room with artificial light. These high powered gas lights were outside many top floor units.We also found that the walls between units were thin and not sound proofed. From our bedroom we could hear into the next unit. In spite of the problems, the rooms were nicely decorated and the location was convenient for us. We liked the fact that there was no casino on property yet very close to the Strip. A nice break from the action.We received a 30 percent discount with AAA. It was still expensive at $215 per night. On the other hand, we liked the fact that our family could all be together in the suite.	
Oct 2 2006	WONDERFUL!!!!! CLEAN!!!n FRIENDLY!!! GOOD FOOD!!!!	I was with 10 other women for a short vacation and we all loved the Inn. Our first impression was great....beautiful building, great lobby and the front desk employees were friendly and very helpful.The rooms are large and very clean....we all felt very comfortable and offered privacy when needed.The continental breakfast was awesome....a whole variety of warm and cold selections. Great for families.The staff were all very friendly and helpful.Can't wait to stay there again.	
Sep 29 2006 	Wonderful accomadations	Our group of eleven women stayed at the Residence Inn andwe couldn't have enjoyed ourselves more.What wonderful accomodations. The staff was all just wonderfuland very helpful. Very friendly and willing to go the extra mileto make our stay an enjoyable expierence which it was.Couldn't give this a high enough recommendation thaneleven woman all agreeing that this was a wonderful placeto stay.KayNorth Dakota	
Sep 27 2006	Loved The Residence Inn!	Eleven friends (most of whom turned FIFTY this year) stayed last weekend at the Residence Inn, [--], in Las Vegas. We were VERY PLEASED with the beautiful accomodations, the spacious suites, the wonderful continental breakfasts, and the super friendly staff. Although this property is not located right on the &quot;strip,&quot; it is close and there was complimentary shuttle service to &quot;Mandalay Bay&quot; every half hour. We had a GREAT time there and will definitely stay there again!!! A special THANKS to Stephanie and Jeni !!!!	
Aug 21 2006	excellent base for las vegas	using marriott point, stayed only one night, next day go to grand canyon south rim entrance 5 hours away.While in Las vegas, the hotol is fine for family.My wife and i and 10 years old son all enjoy using the swimming pool and easy access to the strip.	
Aug 14 2006 	Great Residence Inn		
Jul 8 2006	Nice little resort		
Jun 21 2006	Suited us perfectly		
May 20 2006	Worst Marriott Service Ever!!!		
Mar 10 2006	Clean Newer Non-casino Place		
Aug 30 2005	well worth checking out		
Jul 27 2005	Nice place with 1 major problem		
Jul 3 2005	Great value!		
Sep 21 2004	Loved this hotel!		
Jun 30 2004	Great room-terrible breakfasts and socials!		
Sep 21 2007 	Excelente Servicio y Magnifico Hospedaje		
