Oct 25 2009 	What is the connection between Hawaii Las Vegas and California?	After attending a private matter in CA, my family and I decided to spend a weekend in Las Vegas where we stayed at the California Hotel. This hotel is located in Downtown Las Vegas, which is far from the Strip, but next to the Fremont Experience. Downtown Las Vegas is very calm and provide a more nostalgic feeling you get of 20th Century Vegas.The California Hotel has an interesting history with its connection to Hawaii. I always wondered why everyone in Las Vegas knows this hotel as a place where all Hawaiian stayed. My understanding was the original owner Mr. Boyd has a love for Hawaii and started a charter flight for Hawaiian's to visit Las Vegas and stay at the California Hotel.After coming back from a trip to Hawaii in May, coming to the California Hotel in July provided me some of the things I missed about Hawaii, the food. I was so glad to find a restaurant there that served not only Loco Moco, but Spam Musubi. The hotel is next to the Freemont Experience and also has a bridge to connect it to the Main Street Hotel. One thing I love about staying downtown is how loose the slots are and the casinos are not too crowded. Hence, if you want to learn how to play crapse, roulette, and poker, there is alot empty tables you can learn. The room at the California Hotel is very comfortable and clean. However, the hallways are very long so if your room is at the end, it feels like a mile just walking to the room. The casino is nice and actually won big. However, if you want to play crapse with others you will have to go to Main Street where it is more busier. The crapse table in California lack any patrons since most of them were playing the slots or poker.Downtown Las Vegas is close to the main bus depot so you can actually catch the bus to go to the strip. However, I would recommend a cab if you don't have a car. But make sure you let the driver know where you are going since an incident with my family last year ended up with an $80 cab fare.I would reccomend the California Hotel if you want to experience Hawaii cuisine and people. Most of the people at California hotel are guest from chartered flights from Hawaii to Vegas. Downtown Las Vegas offers a more relax environment to gamble and also seem to pay out more with less minimum bet. Good Luck and Bon Voyage!	
Oct 22 2009 	Great value Great food near great shopping near free way	A family member booked me in a compd room. *hint* sign up for their players club and quickly get great hotel offers. The room:The decor was way better than expected similar to Boyd gaming's Atlantic city hotel. The bed was comfortable as well and with my back injury it was a blessing! Request a non-smoking room family members room was just unbearable as they did not request a non-smoking. Make sure you are on a high floor mine was the 21st floor facing main street I could barely hear anything outside, but theirs, 19th floor, you could hear lots. Yes the TV is outdated, but we hardly were in the room it didn't matter. There is a small fridge which is a plus. The safe was big enough to fit my macbook in and a few other small things. There is ample room for suitcases and room to stretch. One lamp didn't work and the bathroom sink drained slow. Weekend housekeeping was not as good as the regulars, but if you gave a call the situation was fixed immediately. They really do care about the people that stay there. The compd room came with free meal tickets that could be used between mainstreet and the california. If you use the breakfast, lunch, and dinner respectively then you pay nothing. The compd room also came with $75.00 in slot money. There is no free internet it is 9.99 a night or 5.99 an hour. If you forgot your lap top they have a computer available but for a fee. Neg: you could hear everything in the hallway.Restaurants:The california caters to their hawaii guests. Great hawaii local food at reasonable prices. The eateries on the second floor do not take the coupon, but their saimin was awesome! and there is Lapperts ice-cream which opens at 6 am and closes at 11pm weekday and 1am weekends. The chili with rice that the main restaurant served was awesome so was their french toast and oxtail soup. The brunch buffet (weekends) at main street was a great deal. Just for the food alone I'd stay there. Casino: My family members always have luck here, but for me I wanted to play baccarat and they don't have it there. It is rather smokey and in certain locations I couldn't breathe. The limits are lower than on the strip which is nice.Surrounding area:A short walk to the fremont experience which was awesome. There is bingo at the Plaza which is too quite for me. I got to see the traditional vegas that I had hoped to see on the strip. Chelsea premium outlet mall is less than 1 mile away. pick up a coupon booklet it's worth it, free for AAA and military. Check out their website. Freeway access is easy and a short drive to any location on the strip. Took me less than 10 minutes to get from the bellagio to the california. The other outlet mall is near the airport on las vegas blvd. Nellis airforce base is about 15 min away a must for military so you can get inside info on military discounts. If you love bass pro go and see their store off the 33 exit. Pick up water and snacks at a grocery store so that you are not paying an arm and leg when you visit the strip hotels. check out tix4tonight at 4queens in the freemont experience and print a coupon on their website.	
Oct 2 2009	IN NEED OF AIR FILTER SYSTEM AND THOROUGH CLEANING	My husband and I have stayed here many times in previous years for just a few days.Each time we commented on the same things hoping for improvements. We don't like staying at the California Hotel anymore, it's gotten worse than before. It stinks really bad (smoky) and it comes through the vents and carpets. They offer to spray the room, but it only makes it worse. We had to leave the window (2 inches)open during our whole stay to keep it breathable. The hallways are the worst, the minute you step outside it has astrong moldy stinch. My husband got bitten on his feet by fleas either in bed or from the carpet. There were maybe 3 tissue papers in the dispenser, and no extra roll of toilet paper, although the half roll was neatly folded. It's time to move on, the cheap price was not worth the unhealthy quality of air in the casino, hallway and rooms. The air was so dry, my nose bled every morning, and our throat pinched and was raspy in the morning. My eyes were blood shot red, and gritty and my nose was running through out the two days. The old hotels don't have air filtering system, so it circulates the same stale air throughout the hotel. The size of the room was fine and the bathroom toilet was verynoisy to flush. The bedcover had brown spots on the side, (disgusting) and it wascovered over by a top sheet. I kid you not, a cheap rate is not worth having to go throughthese kind of experiences. This hotel is in bad need of a major cleaning, fumigation and installation of an air filtering system. Until then, we honestly cannot recommend. However, if you are a smoker and had a few drinks you may enjoy this place. The homeless walk around the premises, but they stay to themselves.	
Sep 13 2009 	Good Experience at The Cal	Spent a three night stay at The Cal with my girlfriend. The room was complimentary through B Connected. I generally stay (and play) at The Fremont but got the offer from The Cal so decided to give it a try. Overall, I was pretty happy with The California and would consider it for a future visit, although probably only if the room was comped.Room was well done and very much in-line with the rooms at The Fremont. Nice, new bedding with white linens, new carpeting, shutters instead of flowery drapes. All the furniture looks nice and new. Bathrooms are small but very functional. TV is pretty sad - small with only a handful of channels. The rooms include a safe, although it is key locked, instead of code controlled. Just one more thing to keep track of...The Cal has a nice little pool setup. Nothing fancy, but handful of chairs, lots of towels and not very crowded at all. In fact, it was virtually empty each time we visited.Gaming is good and consistent with downtown in general. Video poker is generally poor, especially at the bars, where it was 8-5 on Jacks or Better. Blackjack was plentiful, with lots of double deck hand dealt games with 3-2 payouts on blackjack. Played a fair amount of slots with the GF and she was pretty happy with the selection and denominations across the board. Drinks were served quickly whenever we were at the blackjack tables. Dealers were consistently friendly and fun.Ate at the coffee shop restaurant one morning and had the buffet. Pretty good selection and quality for a modest price. Not cutting edge by any means, but wholly satisfactory. Also ate at the grill restaurant and had a good experience.The biggest downside I experienced was the location and the lack of dining/drinking options. There is no coffee/pastry option for the morning The ice cream/coffee shop opens at 10am!!! No bars other than casino bars. In addition, they closed the coffee shop restaurant twice durning our three days. If they were on Fremont St, this wouldn’t be an issue as you could bounce to a number of other casinos. However, given the location of The Cal, this was a big negative. I had to haul over to the Dunkin’ Donuts at The Fremont each morning just to get a cup of coffee.Overall, we enjoyed our visit, despite a few negatives. I definitely prefer The Fremont to The Cal, but if they want to offer me a free room, I wouldn’t hesitate to stay at The Cal again.	
Aug 1 2009 	Lovely Affordable And Aloha Spirit Hotel	I read so many reviews of this hotel before I went on my recent trip. I personally did not pick this hotel. I was attending a family reunion and it was being hosted at this hotel. Don't even believe the bad reviews of this hotel. It is all about Hawaii - low key with some bling here and there. If you lived on the islands, you'd appreciate this very affordable hotel. I lived on the islands for 10 yrs, so this hotel was just perfect. If you're looking for lots of bling, then stay on the strip! I don't have anything bad at all to say about this hotel. I had read enough reviews to know what and what not to expect which I highly recommend everyone do to learn more about where they are staying. I'm not going to repeat all the amenities the Cal has or doesn't have.All I can say is that I had a lovely stay at the Cal and if I ever go back to Vegas, I will be a quest again at the Cal!	
Jul 7 2009 	Our new Hotel of Choice "on" Fremont Street.	Ok, so California Hotel and Casino isn't &quot;on&quot; Fremont Street. But it is definately worth the 1 block walk to get to it. The room was spacious, clean an QUIET! Very nice Hawaiian decor (not tacky at all), comfortable bed. Our only issue was our AC wasn't quiet as cold as we like it, but we like it C-O-L-D!! The staff was very friendly and helpful. There are several restaurants and snack bars, but we didn't eat there. On the 2nd floor there is a retail bridge with a great ice cream shop (Lamberts, yum) a Hawaiian Specialties shop, souvenir shop and a &quot;everything you meant to bring but forgot to pack&quot; store that's open 24 hours. There is also an arcade, but we didn't venture into it. The bridge goes over the street to the sister casino, Main Street Station, where the gambling is great fun and friendly and there is a very good brew pub (great beer). We've stayed numerous places downtown, and this will always be our first choice from now on!	
Jul 5 2009 	Don't eat the fish	The hotel is great, staff very friendly, very clean room, has many restaurants. The first night we ate in the cafe, I ordered the fish (big mistake), It was white fish (very fishy taste, not cooked all the way.) I ended up with food poison. I haven't told the hotel yet, I will. Other than that every thing else was great... would recommend.	
Jun 16 2009 	Save Your Money!	My room came with a TV, refrigerator, bed, iron, ironing board and decorated with wall paper. The TV was an old tube tv (no flat screen here), my room a/c was colder than the refrigerator, the mattress was lumpy, the iron was only capable of pressing one shirt before breaking, and the wall paper was peeling.The hotel has a cafe' restaurant, which has to have the toughest steak I've ever had. The casino staff was generally rude, especially a particular female pit boss at the craps table.Save your hard earned money and stay on the strip.	
Jun 15 2009 	Absolutely perfect for our needs	The California is a modest, smaller hotel and a gem. It's a couple of blocks away from Fremont Street but you can either cut through the Las Vegas Club or Binions and land right at Fremont Street should you prefer to stay inside. It is NOT a huge, glitzy Vegas showplace. It's a smaller, quiet, clean hotel and was absolutely perfect in our eyes. We wanted clean, inexpensive and safe and it delivered perfectly. The room was very clean, the bed was very comfortable and the AC was perfectly capable keeping the room VERY cool with no problems. The bathroom did lack a tub but did have a huge walk in shower and plenty of hot water was never an issue. Everyone we dealt with was friendly and helpful and the Market Street Cafe was both reasonably priced and had friendly service with great food. There were not many cable channels but we spent little time in the room! We will absolutely stay here again next time we are in Vegas. We ended up paying 40 bucks per night when all was said and done. My only complaint was that it ended up costing 20 bucks to access their terminal to print out our boarding passes but that is a very small issue compared to the rest of our positive experience.	
Jan 25 2009	Welcome to Mainland Hawaii	I met my parents out here right after Christmas and stayed until New Year's eve. Contrary to what you may think about Las Vegas, during the winter it is cold. One day was 38, the next 39, two days later, 52 degrees...and it's a lot warmer at 52.The room was decent. Two beds a writing table with chairs and an armoire with a tv inside. The bathroom could use some updating, but it was a decent size. There was a small refrigerator in the hall closet space. I heard they just remodeled the other tower, so that is the side to stay on next. The tower we stayed in use to be the nicer of the two. I'd probably give it a higher rating if I was staying in the nicer tower.The hotel caters to Hawaiians. During dinner downstairs, I turned to my dad and said,&quot;No wonder there's a blackout on Oahu...the guy who flips the switch is probably here with the rest of the island.&quot;I love the breakfast buffet in the Market Street Cafe. Where else can you get all you can eat portuguese sausage? But my favorite restaurant is the Pasta Pirate. They have this mixed seafood grill pasta with lemon basil sauce. I also like the plate lunches at Aloha Specialties. Seriously, it's like being in Hawaii.The only thing I don't like is all the smoking, but other than that, I feel at home with my peeps.	
Dec 31 2008 	The Cal Rocks!	Great Hotel! Great Staff! Great Value! Much better than staying out on The Boulevard.	
Dec 30 2008 	Excellent value for the price.	Got a mailer regarding specials at the Californian.I always make it a point to visit the coffee shop at least twice every visit.I've introduced the coffee shop to many of my local friends and guests and even tourists asking for suggestions.It has a wonderful menu of variety.Gotta order the oxtail soup after 11pm.And of course the bananas for dessert.You can't pass off the the Steak special as well the other specials.You'll notice a overabundance of asian american customers especially hawaiians.They make you feel at home even though they're not on the islands.The service is incredible.And i never had an empty cup.The rooms have been upgraded with flat screen tv's.The room was cool which means that the AC worked well.They even have an upstairs shopping and gift areas.I could purchase my favorite Ethel M's chocolate there too! Overall its not in the glitzy strip area but,you forget that the strip exists with the Fremont Street experience.With the imploding of casinos on the strip.It is comforting to know that you can still visit a piece of history in Las Vegas by visiting the Californian and the surrounding casinos. Bring yourself to the Californian and be surprised how much your visit to Sin City will feel rewarding winning or losing at the games. by the way i've noticed more winnerss there too! If you go there you will know what i mean!	
Dec 29 2008 	Comfortable Casual and Inexpensive	I got room here for a couple of days after Christmas, and the room rate was $40 a night, not bad. For being in downtown, not a bad place to stay. It's not the Nugget, but not bad. I like the walkway that connects the California Hotel to Main Street Hotel &amp; Casino. I usually play at Main Street, cuz I have better luck at the craps table, and can play for hours at the bars poker machine and get free beers (Porter, Black Chip) and watch the Sports on the TV's. When your luck has turn bad, there is a great 2 cent machine that pays if you got the time. Its all for fun. Now for the food. If you like Hawaiian food, try Aloha Specialties for Loco Moco, Chicken with gravy, Spam musubi, Saimin, Teriyaki plates, etc... At the 24 hour Market Street Cafe, the breakfast buffet is pretty good. I love the late night Oxtail soup, which is served from 11pm to around 9am, or when they run out. Market Street Cafe has a regular menu, but the line last night for the oxtail was amazing. people from teens to seniors were in line for it. If you like walking around in shorts, tee shirt, slippas, then this is the place for you. So relax here, and the $5 tables are great too. Fremont Street is good entertainment for their light show at night, and you can dart in and out of all the other Casinos. If you want to go to the strip, it's only a $20 cab ride to the Venetian. Only caution I have for you is, if you hate the smell of cigarette smoke, do not gamble here from mid afternoon til three in the morning, well that's when I go to bed. Early morning to noon is good.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great hotel!	I've stayed at this hotel countless times over the years and it's probably one of the most under-rated hotels in Downtown! So many people here rave about the Nugget and a few others in Downtown, but the Cal is definitely worth mentioning. Great place to stay!	
Jul 22 2008 	Surprised by the Cal	I took advantage of an offer I received for two free nights at the California and was pleasantly surprised by all aspects of the property. The room was comfortable and nicely decorated; all of the furniture seemed fairly new and well-maintained.Most of the personnel I had contact with were friendly and helpful; there was one person working at the slot club booth who needed to work on her people skills, but otherwise I was pleased with all interactions I had. i cannot comment on the restaurants because I ate most meals at Main Street Station, a short, enclosed walk by bridge from the California.My gaming experiences were better than average. I enjoy playing video poker, and was able to find some full-pay machines, and the blackjack tables were always fun. The dealers seemed to enjoy their jobs, and the other customers were generally ready to have a good time with each other. In fact, I have never stayed at a place that had more customers who helped make gambling fun.This was my first stay at the California, and in fact downtown, but I plan on staying there on my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Jun 27 2008 	look elsewhere if you want to avoid headaches	i specifically asked for a non-smoking room and when i got there they put me in a smoking room saying they didn't have anything else available. make sure to double lock your door because housekeeping just barges in without knocking. don't believe the front desk people when they say they are taking some unjustified charges off your account. those charges are bound to appear on you credit card anyway so get their word in writing.called customer service/accounting about the charges and they weren't very helpful either.	
Apr 29 2008 	Bedbugs?????	My girlfriend's son had to go to the emergency room in Vegas because of infections from bedbug bites while staying at the California last year. And now the Cal is being sued for the second time in two years for bedbug bites. Look REAL good around your sheets and crevises around the headboard in ANY hotel before jumping in. Good hotel and nice staff (mostly) at the Cal, but they got to get a grip on this or I'm not going near the place. Hopefully, the Cal can do this without turning the place into a carcinogenic toxic waste dump.	
Mar 20 2008 	Loved the Cal	Great Stay. Very friendly staff. The hotel was clean with nice linens, room was good size. Great prime rib dinner, complete with dessert $7.99. Only paid $50.00 for weekdays on hotels website. Great Deal, Would definitly stay again.	
Mar 17 2008 	OK but wireless is poor	OK room-- clean, good bed and pillows, enough space, reasonable service. I doubt that many come to do some work here, but if you happen to want to use the internet while enjoying the comforts of this hotel, you will be disappointed. There is the option of signing up for wireless service at $10/day. The service is so slow that I think they are using a modem. It's not worth it. Far better to go to the Main Street casino (near the gift shop) and get free and faster wireless service.	
Oct 22 2007 	Much more than expected	After reading some of the reviews on this site before my trip I was apprehensive about staying at the California Hotel. We usually stay at the Golden Nugget but they won't let you check in on a Saturday so we ended up at the California. Our connecting flight out of Seattle was canceled so we didn't get to the hotel till midnight. They only had single beds available in the standard rooms that were left so the lady at the desk upgraded us to a suit. Without us asking! It was a nice, well appointed, clean room with a very comfortable king bed. After a long day of traveling we wanted a drink so headed downstairs. The gal working the bar was very cordial, informative and quick with a drink. The poker machines were rather generous to me as well. I highly recommend the California Hotel. I will be back.Walt LarsonAnchorage Alaska	
Jun 26 2007	great comps nice place to stay and play	Some good food specials very good drink service while playing. This is the place to play for great comps and free hotel stays. Will be staying in september. 4 nights with weekend comped + $100.00 slot play. All staff that I had dealings with were nice and very professional. Room was clean and maid service was very good. Room was a little on the small side, but most hotels d/t are on the small side.	
Jan 22 2007 	a clean decent place to stay	I used a travelzoo special to book this room. they allowed me to make 2 back to back bookings since they only allowed up to 6 or 7 days for one booking. I booked for 6 nights and 3 nights on the other booking. Later when I called to confirm the bookings with the hotel (a week before staying there) I was told that I couldn't have back to back bookings and the reservations person rudely cancelled my second booking, no if's and's or but's about it. I grumbled how could the cal web site (travelzoo directed me to their site with the special code) and cal people allow me to make back to back bookings (I made the bookings one after the other) if the policy is no back to back bookings. I had to scurry to find another hotel with only a week away and the conventions there. luckily I found the las vegas club (see review there) but I wasn't happy that I found about the policy so late. My trip would have been a total bummers if I didn't confirm and didn't have a place to stay my last 3 nights there.  There was no written policy upon booking about back to back bookings and no fine print warning about no back to back bookings so beware. others have told me to read the fine print to make sure you aren't screwed, they had similar &quot;incidents&quot; with the hotel buyer beware!!!	
Jan 16 2007 	Employees have bad attitude!	I just came back from my 5th Vegas trip...stayed at the Cal for the 2nd time. I work in the hospitality indsutry myself so I tend to watch employees' attitude. I was so surprised!1) When I called before to confirm my room, both the operator and front desk were not very pleasant.2) Bellman were watching a basketball game on TV at their desk while working!3) Another time when I approached the bell desk to ask a question, he looked so bored, had his head on the desk while playing with his cell phone.4) My friend was using a cell phone in a &quot;no cell phone area,&quot; NOT SEEING THE SIGN. A simple, &quot;Please refrain from using your phone&quot; would have ended it, but even after my friend apologized and hung up the phone, the security went on to turn the sign towards him, and told him something like, &quot;We all went to college, now, can't you read?&quot; How rude! What the heck was his problem? I couldn't believe the silly things that was coming out of his mouth. My friend made a complaint to the manager but I doubt anything will be done.Being in Vegas, maybe these things are minor to most people, but to me, I think their slogan of, &quot;Aloha spoken here&quot; should not be used.I will not stay here again.Oh, the rooms are nice!	
Dec 28 2006 	American-Irish Welcome	I was somewhat uncertain after reading the reviews that you needed to be either Hawaiian or Asian to stay here; however, this was my best trip to Las Vegas (go 3 times yearly). I'm clearly neither (red hair, green eyes). I loved this hotel, the staff, restaurants and the people I talked with there. It's a fun, very clean place to stay and the atmosphere is terrific at both casinos (Main Street). I especially loved the ice cream shop in the walkthru. I'm planning on staying there everytime I go to Vegas if I can get a room The price is right even if you don't get a comp room. Delighted in Dallas	
Dec 11 2006 	Such friendly people	Clearly, this hotel has not 1/100th of the glamour of even a lower end Strip hotel, but the vibe is pleasant and it has almost everything one could ask for (excellent onsite restaurants, such as Redwood Grille and Pasta Pirate for about 33% less than you'd pay for a comparable meal uptown), good gaming, and very good location if you like downtown. Besides gaming and the Fremont St. Experience, there's really not much in the way of entertainment though. The rooms are not very pleasant in space, design, furnishings, size (I suspected this in advance, so I can't really penalize them for this). However, it is clean and functional - with a bit of a mountain view. Then again, it was only $60 for a same-day Saturday arrival. There was a particular standout during this short jaunt that's worth mentioning. I went to the bar at the Redwod Grille (actually it's a shared bar with Pasta Pirate). I was disappointed to find out that I could not eat at the bar, as I was by myself and not really wanting to do the &quot;table for one&quot; thing. So, I chilled at the bar, listening to some pretty decent live piano music, pondering what to do about dinner. A hotel employee had just brought sandwiches back from Subway for herself and some coworkers on break. She heard my lament and offered to let me have a little of each one with her colleagues if I was shy about eating alone. Not the fanciest option, but definitely one of the most friendly and kind gestures I've ever encountered. Therein lies the reason why some people prefer downtown Las Vegas - not the fanciest, but way friendly.	
Dec 5 2006	Hotel with an Attitude	I really wanted to like this hotel because of the &quot;aloha&quot; reputation. What I received was attitude from the employess which spoiled my vacation. A bartender berated me for asking him to turn up the volume on the TV that was showing a game I was interested in. During the game, I caught the bartender glaring at me while I tried to enjoy my drink and the game. I received the same attitude from dealers and pit bosses who were rude, obnoxious, and short tempered. i would recommend this hotel only if you enjoy spending your hard earned money at an establishment that does not offer a minimum of customer service. Other wise take my advise and STAY AWAY. There are other hotels and casinos that are much better in customer service and appreciate the customers they have by making comps easier to earn.	
Oct 22 2006 	Loved the Cal!!	This is my 3rd time staying at the Cal, I'm from Hawaii and everyone asks me why go all the way to Vegas just to be in Hawaii. Well I feel safe at the California Hotel because most of the people you see around, is the ones that came off the plane and the atmosphere is great. The houskeeping kept the room very tidy though we didn't use the room as much maybe for a little nap and they also greet you everytime they see you in the hallway. The food at the Market Street Cafe was awesome, and the Seafood Night at the Main Street was well worth it and because we have meal tickets with our trip, we didn't spend a whole lot on food. The slots paid good, I played at the other casinos it seems that the Cal paid off better. Will definately stay at the Cal on my next trip.	
Jul 26 2006	Rooms quite scary	We stayed in the east tower at California Hotel and Casino Las Vegas. We have stayed in this hotel in the west tower, about four years ago and the rooms were clean. We are always meeting our Hawaiian relatives that the hotel caters to, as well as does the adjoining Main Street Hotel and Casino. That is the main reason why we stay downtown. We prefer The Main Street a lot more, but they were booked for the weekend we were there. So we booked The California Hotel and Casino. This time around, our room was ghetto. Dirty carpet, dirty tile and grout in the bathroom, mildew around the faucet on the sink, the shower curtain smelled of mildew as well. We were there for the weekend for a family party at one of the Main Street's ballroom's, so we had the kids with us. We didn't want the kids touching anything! The room was filthy. The remote control and telephone looked like they had never been cleaned. We were scared to touch the light switches without using a tissue. It was disgusting. My parents room, and my sister's room were filthy as well so it wasn't just ours. Although the casino paid off great for us, we will only stop by there to gamble if we're ever downtown again, but never to stay. If you prefer to stay downtown, pay a few more dollars and stay at The Golden Nugget. Very nice hotel. Main Street is satisfactory as well, and the rooms are clean. All of the workers and people were nice at The California, but if you stay in a hotel, you have to be comfortable sleeping in the room. If the room is dirty, I don't sleep well!! The buffet at the Marketplace Cafe in the California is only five dollars, but not that great of a buffet. Go to Main Street's buffet for only $7.99 and it was on of the best buffets downtown. California and Main Street Hotel are connected to each other. You don't even have to step foot outside to get to one or the other. If you are from Hawaii and getting in on a Hawaiian package, stay at Main Street, not California, you will have a nice and better room for your money. Main Street's casino is also much nicer than the California's. Aloha!!	
Jun 30 2006	Very Noisy Stay	We stayed downtown for one night at the California. I was impressed by the cleanliness of the casino and its bathroom. However, they gave us a room that was above the ac generators ot the casino, After we check in, we left the room to gamble until 1am so we didn't know eXactly how noisy the generators were until we were trying to sleep. It was so loud, I didn't sleep a wink, since it was only one night, we didn't bother complaining to the front desk. Be warn that many rooms at the California overlook the ac generators. Always ask for a room that's far away from them. The rooms looked decent except one of the beds had dirty sheets and the bathrooms were real tiny but clean enough. Also the bellman tries to make tips by bringing you to your room even if you don't need it or have no lugguage with you. The hotel staff is not mean, but they are friendlier to hawaiians than the average american.	
Jun 29 2006	Great vibe at the Cal!	I did not stay here, but I spent the better part of Saturday 6/24 a the Cal. Got there about 9pm and stayed until 5:30am Sunday and had a fantastic time. First off, let me preface this by saying we actually stayed at Paris but after this time at the Cal, I was ready to move here. Totally great vibe! As soon as I walked in I felt the pressure of playing on the strip lifted off of me and right away felt better. Small casino, but laid out very well. No smoke to speak of and all of the staff I encountered were extremley nice. Way nicer than Paris whose workers tend to be surly... There was an abundance of Blackjack tables with $5 limits wide open and they had an excellent $1 slot selection of which I won $300. The clientele is pretty much all Hawaiian or Filipino and the vibe was very laid back. We played blackjack, slots, walked over to Main Street Station (also very nice) and then ate at the 24 hour market Street cafe. I had Spahgetti for $5.95 at 2am and it was just what I needed to soak up all the alcohol..my next trip to Vegas will be at the Cal.	
Jun 7 2006	Found The Cal to be perfectly acceptable	I normally stay at the Hilton, but this last trip, the Hilton wanted $600 for the two nights I was going to be there. I decided to look elsewhere. I've always wanted to try the Fremont Street hotels because I wanted to see what the downtown experience was like, so I booked a room at The Cal for two nights for $120 total.I found The Cal to be perfectly acceptable. Sure, it's not real fancy, but the room was as nice as say, a good Hampton Inn. It was clean and quiet. The casino was kind of interesting. There's a different clientele downtown, and The Cal is full of Asian-Americans from Hawaii which made it an interesting place. I chatted up a number of people. I recently turned down a job offer in Hawaii and that was always a good way to start up a conversation with someone from the state. Met some interesting people this way.If you're concerned about safety downtown, I wouldn't be, at least not while you're in the casino and hotel. I saw several security guards patrolling every time I walked thru the casino, and once passed one as he wandered the halls of the hotel. If you're a clothes horse, you wouldn't have been happy with the closet in my room. It was very small and didn't have a door. It was just like a space in the wall with a rod and hangers. Didn't bother me, but if you have a lot of clothes to hang up, it might bother you.There's a small taxi line right outside the hotel, so getting a taxi was never a problem. Once I had to wait maybe two minutes before one pulled up. Every other time, there were several waiting.I ate dinner at the steak restaurant in The Cal and found it to be quite nice. Very quiet; a dark, romantic kind of place. The prime rib I had was delicious and HUGE (and it was the small one). I had breakfast at the buffet at the Main Street Station across the street (which is affiliated with The Cal and connected by a foot bridge). It was much, much better than the buffet at the Hilton, and it cost half as much. There was a large selection of asian dishes, obviously for The Cal guests.I have only two complaints and neither of them is important. One is that they must have messed up my reservation because instead of a non-smoking King, I got a smoking double. The spare bed turned to be handy because I had a lot of stuff and could spread out things on it. The hallway had a smoky smell, but the room didn't, so I didn't ask to change. Next time I'll be sure to mention that I want a non-smoking room when I check in. The other complaint has nothing to do with the hotel. I wish the monorail would come down to Fremont Street. I'd rather not have to shell out $25 to $30 for each round trip taxi ride between The Cal and the Hilton. On the other hand, I got to chat up some pretty interesting cabbies, one from Bosnia and one from East Africa.I will definitely consider The Cal again in the future when there's a big difference in price between it and the Hilton. Even with the cab fare, it was a big financial savings for this trip and the hotel was fully acceptable.	
Apr 27 2006	Racial Profiling	I am a 54 y.o. African American male legal professional from Los Angeles, CA. I have never been arrested for anything in my life and do not have a criminal record of any kind. I've been coming to L.V. for the past 30+ years which includes patronizing the California Hotel. Last Fall 2005 on my visit to the CA Hotel, I had been in the casino for approximately 5 minutes when I was approached by two white security officers who loudly demanded to see my identification. When I asked why, I was loudly told that securitiy received a complaint from a guest that I was walking through the casino begging other patrons for money. When the officers realized their mistake, as quickly as they had appeared, they disappeared. No apology or anything. In April 2006 again I had been in the casino for approximately 3 minutes when I was virtually accosted by three security officers who demanded to see my identification. This time security claimed to have received complaints from guests that I was walking through the casino attempting to sell jewelry. The security officer read my name, address and date of birth into his shoulder CB unit [presumably entering my name into the hotel's list of undesirables?]. Then, in the absence of any evidence that I was selling jewelry or engaged in any other misbehavior, I was summarily ordered to immediately leave the premises. I was told that I was not welcome to return... ever! One officer even followed me to the valet where I had checked my car! These two incidents lead me to believe that the hotel security has adopted, with managemement's blessing, and is actively enforcing a policy and practice of unlawful racial profiling in an effort to discourage black males from patronizing its facilities. In fact I suspect that in both instances, the purported &quot;guest complaint&quot; was pretextual, designed primarily as a ruse to get my identification information into the central security computer database. I believe that whichever security personnel monitors the security cameras most likely alerts the floor officers whenever any black male enters the casino. Over the years I have never had a problem with any other patrons of the California Club. For no reason at all I am apparently permanently banned from patronizing the club. I wonder how many other black males have been similarly falsely accused of unsubstantiated misconduct by anonymous guests, embarassed, humiliated, summarily ejected and banned.	
Apr 20 2006	The Good and The Bad - With Photos	THE FACTS: Stayed 3 nights Fri-Sun. 8th floor non-smoking. Forgot the name of the tower we were in, but it's the one next to the lobby/check in. No view to speak of.THE GOOD: 1) Friendly staff, easy check in. There was never a line. 2) Very reasonable priced, especially for a weekend $45/70 wkd/wknd.3) Clean and relatively new hallways and room.4) Very strong water pressure in the shower. Not for the faint of heart!5) Easy in/out of parking lot. Felt safe even at night. 6) Aloha Specialties restaurant and Market Street Cafe were great. 7) Location is only a block off Fremont.THE BAD: 1) Rooms are on the smaller side.2) Bathrooms are small, but typical of older hotels..3) Line at all hours of the night for the Market Street Cafe, but food was good. 4) In room safe was locked by previous occupants. An outside company were suppose to come unlock it, but never did during our 3 night stay. CONCLUSION: My wife and I enjoyed our stay very much. In the future, we will definitely stay here if we stay off the strip. Definitely caters to Hawaiians. 90% of the people we saw were Hawaiian/Asian. My wife if from Hawaii so it made her feel right at home. Booked thru their website but beware the price fluctuates wildly from day to day. May even be different when you call vs. booking online. Check out the photos.	
Mar 4 2006	Smoking at the Hotel California	I went to The Cal for 4 nights over Presidents Day Weekend, 2/15-2/20, with my girlfriend and her Chinese parents. We picked The Cal because we were paying for the parents' room too and this place had quite reasonable rates for that weekend (prices were high at all the hotels that weekend). We paid $290 per room for 4 nights. Also, I heard that this place is Asian friendly (actually more Hawaiian friendly, but close enough). The parents loved the Aloha Specialties restaurant at the hotel. Lots of Asian dishes at reasonable prices. We all loved the breakfast buffet at the next door Main Street Casino (connected to the Cal by an over the street walkway, so you don't have to go outside). The buffet had good food, is in a beautiful room, and is very well priced on weekdays, at $6/person. The staff at the Cal were very nice, friendly, and helpful. I was very happy with them. What I didnt' like was that our nonsmoking room on a nonsmoking floor, still had a smoking room smell. When I got back to DC, shirts that I had not worn, smelled of smoke from just sitting in our room. I opened the window to air out the room occasionally, but our room, 625, looked over the top of the casino and there was some mechanical system that made a LOT of noise. Even with the window closed you could still hear the racket. The room seemed to be clean. The bathroom was a little decrepit, but everything worked. I am tall and thought that the shower head was a bit low on the wall. If you don't have a computer with you and want to get on the internet, there is ONE terminal available at the Main Street Station Lobby, right next to the bellhop desk. (69 cents a minute, w/ $3 minimum) I almost consider Main STreet STation and the Cal to be one hotel. They are owned by the same company and connected by the covered bridge. There are no terminals inside the Cal itself. Of course you aren't on the Strip. We had a rental car and so it was easy to get to the strip anytime we wanted. Valet parking at the Cal is pretty smooth (free, but I always tipped them a dollar or two).	
Jan 17 2006	Won won won	We stayed at the hotel, the food was wonderful, everthing one local can ask for......onolicious. The rooms were okay, didn't have coffee :( but das okay, the shops downstairs provided well.Mahalo Nui Loa, will return again!Aloha from Maui	
Nov 19 2005 	good place to stay	stayed at california hotel on 11/2-11/6hotel was sold out during our stayroom was good size &amp; clean with a hair dryer in bathroom + all the regular amenetiesfriendly, courteous staff very comfortable bed..we stayed in the newer tower...(west tower) and requested early check-in &amp; close to elevators..got to hotel at 8:30am to check-in, rooms were not ready, but when we went back at 3pm, all 7 rooms were ready for our group and got rooms all close to elevator as requested.premium outlet shopping center was close by..had some great shopping there!did the breakfast buffet every morning at the cal's 24 hour cafe (7:am-7:30am) and one night, an early dinner at the pasta pirate restaurant 5:30pm-no long lines. both restaurants had good food and good meal servicewent to main street for an early dinner buffet (before 6pm)..didn't have to wait too long to get a table for 4 people-enjoyed the dinner buffet	
Nov 13 2005	Good stay at the California Hotel	I stayed at the California Hotel two nights--November 6&amp; 7, 2005. The room was clean and had everything I needed. I am not looking for a lavish place to stay when in LV, but a clean and comfortable room.The staff were friendly and helpful. I like the Downtown area so the location was great--close to Fremont Street.I would certainly stay again at the California Hotel.	
Apr 15 2005	Very Clean and Comfortable	Attending our annual family reunion, my sister and mother's lodging from the tour package was at the Cal. Since many other family members were staying there, I thought it'd be fun to stay there, too, this year. I was pleased with how the hotel willingly put me in a room on the same floor as my mother. The Kamaaina Package included tax and meals. We were placed in the new tower and the room was very clean and quiet. I would definitely stay at the Cal again.	
Sep 28 2004	best hotel for learning black jack	althought we did not stay at this hotel we did play there we took our son and his wife( married in vegas) while we were there. All I can say is the dealers at the black jack tables were great !!! all of us were new to the game and they really had patience and taught us a lot ! You would never find this on the strip!!! been there and know! so thankyou Califorina for a great time playing black jack and your hospitality ,everyone was so great we are thinking of staying there next trip in.	
Sep 26 2004	Practices Discrimination	This hotel/casino does not care for anyone who does not come from Hawaii. This was made clear to me time and time again. Stay away from this place as there are plenty of other, friendlier places to visit in this city.	
Aug 4 2004	What a great hotel and everyone should speak aloha!	Just returned from my second stay at this &quot;Gem&quot; of a hotel. They are in the process of renovating the rooms and was fortunate enough to get one. Clean, stylish and comfortable. The casino is not as big as the strip casinos, but I never had to wait for a drink and the waitress' remembered what I ordered and just brought me one when we may eye contact. All the staff from the Front Desk to the Change Staff were amazing and so friendly, if you have been to the major casinos you know this only happens unless you are a high roller. They have a walk way to the Main Street Hotel and Casino. A big two thumbs up for this property. I come to Las Vegas 2-3 times a year for a about a 10 day period each stay, from now on it is going to be at the CAL.	
Jul 25 2004	Loved the Pound of Alaskan King Crab	California Hotel --clean, safe, and most convenient!The restaurants within the hotel were A+. The connecting Main Street restaurants and hotel was convenient . Walking to Freemont, Golden Nugget, was a few blocks away. The main bus depot, which was a block or so away--you could catch a bus get to the Strip for $2.00 or a bus pass for $5.00 that was good for 24 hrs. It was way cheaper to get around the city during the day and @ night to the STRIP. You could also catch a bus for a buck to the Las Vegas Premium Outlet.Rooms were clean and housekeepers were good. All the Hawaii people stay here and it was great to come across family and friends by surprise... and I'd visit this hotel again. It was my first trip to Vegas in 15 years and the whole experience was awesome!	
Jul 21 2004	Black Jack at the Cal	Steve Otake may be right about the Cal' s dealers ...but part of the game is to sit at a table were the house is sucking in the cash from ignorant players...when the house is rolling in the money...the dealer might not be so pressed to try to shift the odds on one player who knows the gamealoha	
Jul 8 2004	The Cal is Da Best!	We just returned from a 7 night stay in Las Vegas. We had comped rooms at Rio and Harrahs for the week as well as comped rooms at The Cal for the week. We stayed at The Rio for the first 3 days, but we played at The Cal. (The slots at Rio stunk; didn't see anyone winning anywhere.) We had a great time playing at The Cal. When we finally moved our bags over to The Cal, we had a very pleasant stay. (We decided to forgo the Harrah's portion of the trip as they have gotten rid of our favorite machines; we liked the older ones they did away with, so they've lost our business.) It's been a couple of years since we stayed at the Cal. The room we were in was recently redone. There was newer furnishings and the beds seemed brand new -- better and firmer than my bed at home! A vast improvement over the last time we stayed at the Cal. The tub drained properly, we had good water pressure and lots of hot water. It looked like the bathroom was recently retiled. The only thing I noticed that could use improvement was that the carpeting looked like the same carpet from our last stay. Hopefully they'll change it out soon. Oh yeah, and they could use better pillows. A couple of pillows were lumpy, but thanks to the newer firm beds, this was a non-issue. They did leave a notice for us that they are in the middle of renovating the hotel and we did hear some construction noise, but not a lot and only from 7am-4pm. Hopefully the rooms will be even better next time we stay there. The slots were very kind to us, as usual. My husband and I decided that we are very comfortable at The Cal and we will definitely be returning there. It's a place where low rollers like us are treated like high rollers -- they appreciate our play and they show it by comping us RFB. One last thing -- I have taken multiple trips to Vegas in the last several years and this is the first time in years that I DID NOT come home sick. There is nothing to fear as far as the noro virus is concerned. Everything was clean. The air even seemed cleaner than the last time I was there in December, and I am asthmatic so I really notice these things.	
Mar 30 2004	Don't believe everything you hear or read.	With all of the stories in the papers of Hawaii people getting sick from staying at the &quot;Cal&quot; we were concerned at first. When we got there, the place was so clean! The front desk was friendly and helpful, the housekeeping staff (Lucy you are the best) was excellent. The restaurants were neat and clean and you could tell, gloved hands, bottled water (never shared, opened then left at your table), everyone was doing their part to ensure confidence that things were being done to prevent and to assure that you were there to have fun and enjoy. I am glad we did NOT cancel our reservations and stayed at the &quot;Cal&quot;.	
Jan 7 2004	Cheap and a great place to stay	This hotel isn't on the main strip. However, to us this was a relief from the bright lights of Vegas! By UK standards (okay, I know they are very low), this was luxorious. Staff were helpful and very friendly. Breakfast room service staff were a bit on the young side, and very embarrassed to see two people in PJs! But this is a little quibble. I'd recommend this hotel for the budget traveller.	
Dec 13 2002	Dealing Blackjack Policy	When the house is winning, the deck is dealt down.When the house is losing, the deck is reshuffledimmediately.I understand that it's the Dealers's perogative, butI feel that is unfair.I have spoken to a pit boss on my last trip and he said that it's the Dealer's perogative.The Cal is a great hotel as i have stayed there every year since 1975.I enjoy playing craps and slots but will never play Blackjack there again. My objective is to win ( with fair play ) like everyone else.Aloha,Steve Otake	
Apr 3 2008 	visa tarjeta peligrosa en este hotel		
