Nov 14 2009	A loyal Marriott follower was not disappointed	I decided to take my daughter to Vegas for her 21st birthday prior to a work trip to LA. I read a number of reviews and had very little surprises. Let me start with the thing that I would have changed with my trip. I would not take the Monorail. We choose the 3 day pass for 30.00 each and would have been better saving the money for cabs. Even if its .2 miles away it was not convenient, fine for the day and sneaks but if you are all dressed up with heels, and at night the street was a bit scary. We arrived early but our room was available in less than an hour. Gold membership allowed for breakfast (big reason I paid for my stay) figuring that a $20-30 saving on breakfast took the cost of the room down to $70-80. We were allowed to choose off the regular menu plus the buffet made it very nice. Didn't need a suite although it made it a bit roomier. Pool was satisfactory for me but my daughter needed a resort feel so we cabbed it the JW Resort about 15 minutes away...WOW what a beautiful place. When we explained why we were there one of the Marriott hosts actually bought us our first round of drinks. What a nice touch. Overall I was pleased with the Marriott Suites, The JW Marriott day trip and the whole Vegas experience. We loved the NewYork NewYork Casino.	
Oct 14 2009 	Nice hotel off the Vegas strip	Hotel was very nice and clean. The pool is rather small and does not offer a view.  If you want to be close to the convention center then this is a perfect option. It is about 3 blocks from the Vegas strip closest to the Wynn/Encore hotels. Close by (5 minutes) is a Wallmart if you need to purchase snacks/sodas. Marriott Gold and Platinum members get a free breakfast buffet at ths hotel - excellent buffet. Marriott Springfield Suites is opening up in mid October which we could see from our hotel and appears to be really nice with what I believe pool is located on the roof..	
Oct 13 2009 	BEST HOTEL IN LAS VEGAS!!!!	I just returned from staying at this hotel and continue to think this is the best hotel in all of Las Vegas. I stay here several times a year and love the fact that there is no casino, no smoking and the rooms are in fabulous condition, not to mention the service is awesome and genuine (unlike gaming hotels). If you are looking for a comfortable, quiet and safe hotel, this is it. I dislike the &quot;big box&quot; hotels because they are difficult to navigate, stink of smoke, are noisy (especially when the drunks return to their rooms at 3am) and are far too expensive. This is the best hotel!	
Oct 7 2009 	Great stay away from the casinos	Stayed here for the convenience to the Las Vegas Convention Center. Easy trip from the airport (about 15 min). Liked the layout of the room, very spacious. Pool is very small, but clean. Rooms were spotless. Beds are the best (love Mariott beds). Right across the street from the monorail. Easy to get anywhere in Las Vegas. Internet was too expensive, so I used the business center, 3 computers, printers, and very secluded for conducting business. All in all a good stay.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great place close to the Strip excellent value for money	We stayed at the Marriott for 2 nights and were extremely satisfied. We got a deal for 87 USD per night (including parking but not breakfast). The room was absolutely superb, very large with a separate sitting room, 2 TVs, very big bathroom and very comfortable bed. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The hotel is located next to the LV convention center, close to the Strip (about 5-10 minutes walk) but far enough from the noise and lights (which was great for us!). Breakfast is somewhat pricy (around 20 USD per person), but offers a good variety of food/drinks. We'd certainly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to stay close to but not on the Strip.	
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent for the price...	I stayed from May 28th through June 2nd, I visited Las Vegas for business, I wanted to stay away from the strip, I didn't want to be bothered with the crows nor the gambling, I was able to find it in this hotel, the room are spacious, very clean, staff was very courteous as well.If the above mentioned is what you are looking for this is the place for you, since the hotel is a little away from the strip, he rates are great.	
Jul 27 2009 	Not so great	It is off the Strip and is a little old. The restaurant has limited items and the waitress who served us was bordering on rude, but the food was very good. While most of the breakfast was good, when I reached for a doughnut I found fruit flies climbing in or out of it. While the layout of the room was great, the tile in the shower was cracked and broken in one place. As a platinum member, I was asked if I wanted the space of a lower floor suite or a suite with a view on a higher floor. I chose the view and ended up with a suite that faced away from the Strip. For what I paid, I was expecting much more. Just a little disappointed I guess. I think this would be a great place to stay in if you are visiting Vegas on business.	
Jul 12 2009 	Nice quiet hotel just off the strip - no gambling	Perfect business hotel for not being distracted by the gaming industry of Vegas. About a half mile off the North strip. Rooms are nice and clean, hotel is walking distance to the Wynn, Hilton and Riviera, convention center and monorail. Parking is free and you can walk to the Denny's in about 10 minutes if you don't want an overpriced hotel meal (only real complaint -why hotels, like movie theatres, feel the need to overprice the food). No gaming machines in the lobby and the pool was nice too.	
Jul 6 2009 	Best Event Staff Ever"	We had our convention at the las vegas marriott suites. Unlike most hotels their convention center is on the top floor, so that you have a great view of all of las vegas from the meeting room. It is like having a convention in a penthouse suite. It is the perfect size for your under 100 people convention because everything you need is right there on the top floor, and it is small enough so that you take over the hotel and really make it your home.The best part of this hotel is the staff. Just the highest level of service I have ever seen...Rudy Robles is in charge of events and he went way beyond the call of duty to make sure everything went as smoothly as possible.Gary (i don't know his last name) did a great job with the catering, as did Blanca and the other staff.We were here for 10 days and I literally don't have a single complaint.I recommend this to hotel to everyone....	
May 23 2009 	Great deal 	Staying here this weekend - booked my room through Marriott.com &amp; got a hell of a rate (I was here about a year ago as well &amp; I think I paid about 50 bucks more last year). We returned to the hotel again this year because the large rooms &amp; great staff. Location is right around the corner from the Wynn/Encore where we we like to play. Pros: Large Rooms, really friendly staff (from restuarnt to front desk), non-smoking hotel, free internet in the business center - didn't need to bring my laptopCons: no airport shuttle	
May 3 2009 	Best Choice for Convention Center Business	This hotel is a great choice for any kind of convention center business. The rooms are enormous and quiet; there's no casino, bar or really restaurant; and you can walk to the convention center. All of the rooms are quite large, many with door separating the bed room and the living area. I found the bed very, very comfortable, with a good selection of pillows. The bathrooms are also spacious and quite nice. The internet is only $12/day (Though I think it should be an included utility like water or A/C, this is not as much of a rip off as many other hotels). Parking is free.The downside is that there's no real restaurant, casino or bar and it's way off strip, so it's a terrible choice for a wild time or even mild mannered tourists. The showers are also midget height, which a small annoyance that feels magnified when you are trying to get yourself going for a full day of work after a full night of Vegas.	
Apr 7 2009 	Average location = Average Stay	Stayed at this location for one night. Nothing fancy, your average &quot;airport&quot; type hotel.I wouldn't recommend staying here if you are looking to visit the strip, too far to walk... but it is close enough to the Convention Center that if that is the only reason you are there, well I guess it's not a bad place to stay.	
Mar 25 2009 	Super cleanvery nice staff	Very clean hotel, such a nice staff. Not only to me but to everyone who came ot the front desk or restaurant. Helpful with local touring. Renaissance, located one block away, could have cared less about my scheduled stay with them even though I am Platinum Level Marriott Rewards. Renaissance was quite rude. Marriott Suites were just super! Will stay again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great location for Convention Center; good hotel	This hotel is not on &quot;the strip&quot; -- which is NOT a bad thing! It offers nice suites at a reasonable cost and is easily accessible to the LV convention center and transportation. The hotel is well maintained and the staff was exceptionally helpful. While not inexpensive, the breakfast buffet was one of the best I've seen anywhere...it was always fresh, clean, and well supported, and offered fresh cooked eggs to order. It does not offer a casino, which means it's quiet and business-friendly. Nice bar, and the suites are very comfortable with lots of room for a business person to spread out!	
Jan 23 2009	Great rooms!!!!	My wife and I loved this place for a couple of reasons. First, the rooms were awesome - a small 'living room' and bedroom separated by french doors. Even though the total square footage wasn't much bigger than a standard Marriott room, the setup made it feel more spacious and comfortable. The hotel has been renovated somewhat recently, as the furnishings, carpet, etc. were all quite nice. In-room refrigerator was a nice touch.We also loved that it is close to the strip, but not on it. We went to Vegas to see a couple of Cirque du Soleil shows, not experience the Vegas strip and it's noise. We felt that the hotel was very quiet (for a city) because of its location. If you wish to use the monorail, it's only 1 block away.Downsides: no restaurant in the hotel. The pool area is small and less-than-attractive. The shower water pressure is, well, rather strong. No way to reduce is. It can be quite brisk, and it seemed ridiculous to use that much water in the desert.Overall, we'd happily stay there again, if we could ever talk ourselves into returning to Vegas.	
Nov 18 2008 	Ordinary	Great for Priceline. There are many pluses and minuses of this property. PLUSES:1. Location: Behind the Wynn and across the street from the Las Vegas Hilton makes it an easy walk towards the north end of the strip.2. All suites: These are all suites and very comfortable but also tiny in size. They each have two televisions (not flat screen, so out-dated) and french doors that separate the living room from bedroom. The doors only have lace curtains, so if you are booking this to have privacy, forget that idea!Minuses:1. Location is difficult to get to airport after stay (they do not have a shuttle to strip either). Cab fare is about $18.00 one way. If you are bidding on Priceline, you may want to spend a little more and try to get a hotel on the strip if you are looking into this property. Find out what hotels you may end up with at www.biddingfortravel.com.2. The suites are a bit small and do not have flat-screen televisions. 3. Fitness Center is really limited4. Lobby and all is small. It feels more like a 3 star hotel, rather than 3.5 star.Overall, I had a couple of problems with the stay but the staff was decet about it. I would recommend this property if you get a deal, otherwise, stay at the strip. If you are debating this over the Hilton across the street, I would go with this one. It is nicer and smaller (less hectic). I paid $62 + tax on Priceline for a 3.5 star hotel by the way. It was selling online for $199 + tax (which is rather crazy high I think for this type of hotel). Overall, it was fun though and the hotel was decent.	
Nov 11 2008 	oved the Suite Space	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights spanning Halloween. I booked an attractive price for air and hotel @ Hotels.com. Staff were gracious; our room was as shown with superior bedding. It even offered a compact refrigerator beyond the cooler/ stocked bar. If you are motivated, it is only about 2 blocks from the newer monrail at the Convention Center stop so you can travel the Strip without a cab. We had a car. The hotel features sufficient parking, most behind a security bar. Next door, we had a quite good formal dinner at Piero's--much like the remnants of the Rat Pack days with a strong Italian vein and superior wait service. If you're looking for an oversized pool, book elsewhere. For us, it was more family and friends catch up time elsewhere, so fun in the sun was not an issue and the smaller, quiet pool was satisfactory for a couple hours.The hotel has an early check in link with our Alaska flight, complete with printed boarding passes. Ask about other air carriers if of interest. Also, there's a business center on site.I recommend that unless you know your way around well, that you bring printed directions from Mapquest or simlar source from the Rent a Car center which is not at the Airport. It added extra time relying on Hotels.com directions. Bottom line: If you are not a Party Hard type and want something of a break from that vibe, Marriott Suites will get you a very decent room and pleasant stay.	
Oct 25 2008 	Nice quiet and spacious hotel	The hotel is about three blocks from Las Vegas Blvd. (keep in mind one Vegas block is really more like 2). It's nicely decorated, clean and roomy. You have a separate living room space which is nice. I got a great rate because I was there with a convention. From the hotel, it's just a quick walk to the convention center. We ate breakfast in the hotel one morning - it was a bit pricey. The next morning we went to the L.V. Hilton across the street where the buffet was MUCH better and MUCH cheaper. If you stay here I highly recommend doing that.	
Jul 22 2008 	Internet is a rip-off but otherwise very nice	I would rate them 5 stars (at the convention rate I received) if internet were free, but they wanted $10 per day (noon to noon) and the building is not within range of an open WAP. With business class Internet well under $200 / month, their cost per room night is probably under 5 cents. $10 is an annoying chisel which I refused to pay. I might concede a dollar or two per day, but would still be annoyed.The rooms are well appointed and have a circular flow pattern (living room, bedroom, sink, shower + toilet, and back) which is a welcome change from the usual shoebox configuration. The mattress was very comfortable and the pillows were pretty good, just slightly too firm for me. The combination of a thin sheet and heavy comforter left me feeling hot-cold; yes, I could have run the room temperature down to say 60 F with the very capable AC but that felt like a huge waste of energy.There are no slot machines in the hotel which I consider an advantage. The pool is a bit small for a serious swim but fine for cooling off or for kids.	
Jun 4 2008 	Nice staying	I've got a really good deal through Priceline. I am not a gamble nor a smoker so this was the perfect hotel for me. Room was spacious with separate bedroom and living room. Very clean and fresh. Just one block from the Monorail station makes it very easy to get around. Loved the stay and would definitely go back again!!	
May 6 2008 	Another Great Stay!	I stayed here April 22-25 for my fourth stay. I was attending a multiple day sporting event at the nearby Las Vegas Convention Center. I was assigned to room 1406 - one of the room that does not have a wall separating the living room from the bedroom. As a result, there was only one television and very limited storage. Without the french doors, the sounds from the hallways were very apparent. I am a late sleeper and was very aware of all the early risers, who allowed their doors to slam shut at 6 am. The televisions have not been updated to the newer flat screen models, but everything else in the room was very satisfactory. Love those Marriott beds! I will stay here again.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	We booked this hotel via Priceline bidding. I was very happy with this choice. I couldn't have picked it better. The room was great. It is big. It had a room with a bed and TV with french doors that closed. It had a small living room with a TV. The bathroom was in two parts, with the toilet and shower/bathroom in one room, then the next room had a vanity, so it was great for putting on makeup. The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on. We gave our maid a tip each day and the room was perfect every night, with little extra shampoos, lotions, etc....(it was from bath and body works, yeah). We didn't eat at the restaurant so I can't comment on that. The parking was easy, it was only a few steps to the elevators to the rooms. We did use the monorail at the Convention Center, we walked over there at night and it was not a long walk, maybe 5 minutes, the crosswalk is right up the block, cross over and walk up to station and hop on monorail. The area was safe, never felt uncomforatable walking around in the evening. I will stay here again. Loved it!	
Dec 28 2007 	Marriott Suites - an island of sanity in Las Vegas	I'm not a big casino fan (not a gambler or smoker), so I wanted to avoid staying at one when I had to be in Las Vegas for a convention. I've almost always been happy with Marriotts, and this one was no exception - a typical business-like, clean, and comfortable Marriott. As a woman traveling alone, I usually find Marriotts are good hotels for me.The rooms are all compact suites, with separate very small living rooms. Small refrigerator, sink, coffee maker setup, and nice desk in the living room. Comfy bed with too many pillows and a big comforter (to use in the air conditioning?) - better than too few pillows, though.Good points:* Easy walk to the main convention center (although if that's why you're staying there, the Marriott Courtyard is much closer).* Easy walk to the Monorail so you can get to the casinos and other attractions easily.* Quiet, not smoky, no slot machines (etc.), and not really a &quot;Vegas, Baby!&quot; kind of place* ATM in the lobby when you need cash (small fee, of course)* Small bar and restaurant in the lobby.Small disappointments:* Extra charge for Internet connection * VERY short ethernet cable for the Internet connection (found hanging in a small bag in the closet), required that you stay seated at the desk. As long as I was paying anyway, wireless would have been preferable so I could have been sitting on the couch if I felt like it.* No in-room safe.* No airport shuttle. (the cab was $15 w/tip)* No concierge.* No cabs on site (the cabs work for the casinos i Vegas), but the door man didn't seem to have trouble flagging one down when a guest needed one (but the weather was good and none of the giant conventions was happening during my visit).* Bathroom towel bars not in logical locations for someone using the showerI met friends for breakfast at the MGM Grand every day, taking the Monorail to meet them at 7 a.m. NO ONE was in the Monorail stations or on the train itself as I traveled to the MGM Grand. Apparently no one in the city starts work that early. Boston, NYC, etc. would have been hopping at 7 a.m. A little weird...Not glitzy, not glamorous, etc. But, if I go to another convention at the Convention Center, I'll stay here if I can.	
Dec 4 2007 	We loved the Marriott	We stayed 3 nights because we got married in Las Vegas. Great room, king size bed, clean. Shower problems at first (In Portugal, shower system is different). Staff very friendly. Loved Vegas, Loved the Hotel... of course... We married Vegas!	
Nov 26 2007 	Wonderful Marriott Stay	This is the second time my husband and I have stayed at the Marriott Suites Las Vegas on Convention Center Drive. We continue to be very pleased with this hotel. Although we generally stay at a luxurious casino for our wedding anniversary each year, this time we opted to try the Marriott. We were not disappointed. They were able to meet all our expectations and fulfill our special requests. In addition (and unlike the Venetian where we stayed last year), they made our anniversary very special with champagne and a terrific card from the staff wishing us a Happy Anniversary! Nice touch!!The room, as always, was nicely appointed and very clean. Staff and all service continues to be top notch. The food in the restaurant/bar is good and the pricing fair.What more can I say ... Marriott will continue to be our preferred hotel accommodation in Las Vegas despite its off-the-Strip location.	
Oct 22 2007 	Pleasantly Suprised!	This location, a short walk from the Las Vegas Convention Center and a Monorail stop, is not near the Strip. The suite rooms are all non-smoking and ours was quite comfortable and clean. A nice touch is the french doors between the bedroom and sitting room. We used the outdoor hot tub and pool; both were clean and towels were provided. We did not eat in the hotel, but at a very good Greek restaurant in the next door hotel for both dinner (because of a late evening arrival) and breakfast (because the evening meal was real Greek food and wanted to try the morning meal). We usually stay on the Strip, but this time was on business with a group, and were concerned, but this Marriott we can now recommend.	
Oct 4 2007 	Excellant hotel/great service	We stayed for 2 nights in late September. The hotel is non-smoking with no gaming. The rooms were extremely clean, good amenities, great bathrooms, very comfortable. Great bed. The staff was excellant and tried to meet our every need. The front desk staff was friendly, outgoing and always smiling. No long lines at check in or check out. We enjoyed coming back at night to a quiet environment and being able to get away from the smoke filled casinos. The only problem was that the breakfast restauarnt on Saturday morning was very crowded and the hotel did not have sufficient staff to handle the customers. Our waitress was still pleasant and did her best. We have a child who just moved to this area. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 22 2007 	Good Value	This was our second hotel in our 4 day Vegas trip. It was a great value considering we used a buy one night get the second night free coupon. Check in was swift and we had a nice suite facing the strip. One thing I must say is that it was a small suite, it was like they were building the hotel and then they decided they would make it a suite hotel. The bed was great and it was nice to have a seperate sitting area. They had recently did a soft rehab with the new marriott colors. One thing I would suggest is that they get LCD tvs and take those tv armoirs out, it would give the room so much more space. WIth all that said the service was great, they comped our internet access and sent up our Platinum welcome amenity at the time we requested.	
Aug 7 2007 	Pleasent stay overall	Stayed here for a 6 day conference in a different hotel and was pleased overall. There were a few negatives. If you are up late, the early risers will wake you up with just the closing of the doors, never-mind noise in the adjacent rooms. Room quality is different, even though the front desk staff claim that each room is the same, ours did not have a wall divider between the bed area and the living area, even though I had asked for that before arriving at the hotel and again at check in. The room a few doors down did have the wall divider. The pool was very small, but probably what should be expected for an off strip hotel.The positives are the house keeping was incredible. They cleaned the room every morning while we had breakfast, without appearing to be waiting for us to leave the room. Housekeeping did a great job in the quality of their cleaning as well. The rooms are big and the furniture is relatively new. The beds are the incredible Marriott standard, and the bathrooms is nicely appointed. Far better than many of the hotels on the strips at the same cost. The breakfast was top shelf. As an elite member, the buffet was free, but I would have paid for it at the cost of $12.99. The selection was great at the buffet and they would make food made to order like omelets, waffles, french toast, or pancakes.I will be staying here again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Stay here. You'll be glad you did.	My *only* objection to this hotel is that internet access is a $9.95 charge per day, and it's a wired connection. I like wireless.That said...The room was beautiful.The location was convenient.The pool was small, but clean and quiet.The bed was comfortable.The details were well taken care of (nice bathroom toiletries, soft fluffy towels, etc.).I have rarely enjoyed a hotel as much as this one. I'm looking forward to my next stay there. It's non-smoking, by the way, for anyone who gets tired of breathing the second-hand stuff everywhere else in Vegas.	
Jul 5 2007 	Very Very nice non-casino hotel	If you want a non-casino hotel, in a quiet, but convienient location, with an excellent friendly staff, and awesome rooms, then this is the hotel for you! This hotel is close to all the Las Vegas strip attractions, but worlds away! I have never been disappointed in a Marriott, and this was no exception. It was wonderful. And a nice added touch is when you go to the elevator, there is a huge water tank filled with water, ice, and lemon rings, with cups next to it. I couldn't help but get a cup of ice water with lemons each time I passed by. It was really refreshing. Also the monorail is steps outside, making it convienient to the strip.. I would highly recommend this hotel for those like myself who like non-casino hotels!	
Jun 4 2007 	never stay here	We have just arrived from las Vegas.If you are travelling for visit never stay here. First it is really like 4 blocks from the strip. Street is lonely, near low category hotels and many solicitors. I have stayed in many marriotts (fort laud. aruba, cancun, miami, orlando etc.) This is the worth.We stayed for 7 nights and our room was not clean up three times. The first time I called they said the privacy card was outside, (not true) We went out about 11:30 am. The second time it was very late, I called the manager. He was so rude. So next day I called customer service at marriott and they talked with the manager who call us to talk with us. We explain this lady what happened. You wont believe it that night when we came back (our last night) the didnt clean the room. AMAZING!!!!!The pool is really smalll, we never use it. At night when the dinning room was close.It is near the elevators it really smells bad like food or grease.Only one person at reception,No bell manThis hotel really was a disaster for us!!!!!	
Apr 30 2007 	Very good value	Stayed three nights at the Marriott Suites in Las Vegas. Clean, nice and very convenient. We had a lovely suite on a high floor. Parking was a breeze. The staff was really nice.The food isn't very good there, but the service was excellent. We didn't want to be on the strip and this served our purpose well.The little refrigerator (not the minibar) was nice to have. The sofa was comfy.No complaints. Very good value.	
Apr 22 2007 	Loved the Marriott suites but location could be better	Excellent quiet hotel near the vegas strip but must take taxi to any sites. Taxi rates aren't bad and they will flag the taxis for you. No slot machines in the hotel and it is near the convention center. If you like to escape the noise at night, this is the place for you. If you want to be constantly in the action choose a place on the strip. Check in and out is a breeze and the rooms are very nice.	
Apr 10 2007	Very Pleased with Marriott Suites	I'd rate this more of a 4.5 if we had the option. Room was excellent- extremely comfortable bed, shower had a great spray/pressure. Bath and Body works soap/shampoo - very nice. In room coffee maker and fridge extremely convenient for &quot;frugal&quot; folks like me who like to buy their snacks/drinks off-site. Location very good- just a quick turn off Las Vegas Blvd at convention center drive, and you pull right into property- can be in room in a minute from garage. So nice to not have sore feet just from walking in your own resort! Summary- a great pick of you want a quiet spot to rest/relax and you have a rental car.	
Jan 8 2007 	SEMA Stay	I stayed for 7 nights at the Marriott Suites for work during the SEMA show. I was very impressed with this hotel. This hotel is not your typical glitzy Las Vegas hotel (no casino, no sequins drapes), but the decor is very classy and upscale. I was especially impressed with the room. The bed was incredibly comfortable (probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in...even better than the Westin Heavenly Beds). The hotel was nice and quiet, which was definitely appreciated after a long day of work.I did have problems with the drainage in the shower, but the hotel was very quick to have it repaired.I found myself having to resort to eating at the lobby bar several nights, and was quite impressed with the quality of the food and service. Their menu could be a little more extensive (the menu is the same for the bar and restaurant), but other than that, the food was very good.I would definitely stay here again in the future.	
Dec 27 2006 	Very Good Value	Stayed for 4 nights for a convention - couldn't ask for a more convenient location. It's a very easy walk to the Convention Center (about a block).My room was a handicap accessible room and had more windows than the standard room and doors to completely separate the bedroom from the living room (some other rooms didn't have this). Room was very nice -a good way to relax after the convention and prior to heading out to the casinos.The staff were all GREAT! Very Friendly!Only downfalls were no free internet (have to pay $10.00 a day) and no free mini-breakfast. Their breakfast buffet is nice but costs $$ and is sometimes more than I wanted.I'm planning on staying again as it was a very good value.	
Dec 21 2006 	Recommend for Business Travel to Vegas	Highly recommend this hotel as an alternative to a casino hotel or a hotel on the strip - especially for events at the convention center.Clean, well-furnished rooms - very typical of Marriott. No fantastic views, but it's Vegas - how much time do you spend in the room anyway?In room hi-speed internet was an extra $9.95/day - and for some reason slowed down considerably on the 2nd day of my stay.One block walk to Convention Center. The Strip is a ways from the hotel - it was a $15 (with tip) cab ride - or you can take the monorail for $5/ride. It leaves from the Convention center, about a 5 minute walk from the hotel.Most importantly, this hotel is NON-SMOKING and smoke-free. Unlike other places I've stayed in Vegas, it didn't give me the feeling that &quot;what happened in vegas&quot; happened in my hotel room.	
Nov 22 2006 	Stay Somewhere Else	I stayed here for business and my first impression was this was the worst hotel that I've stayed at given it was a Marriott. The rooms small, cheaply made things in them, poor view, and poor parking. The beds were fine but everything else left little to be desired. The checkin people weren't too sharp either. Room service (no onsite resturant) got my order wrong, but I was hungry so ate it anyways. I usually love Marriott hotels but this one I would skip again. Don't get me wrong, if it was between this and some no name hotel I would choose this one. But with all of the other choices in Vegas, try something else. The Flamingo Hilton, JW Marriott, Paris, Rio are all nice hotels, I've stayed at them.	
Jul 21 2006 	Too isolated	If you are a business traveller going to the Las Vegas Convention Center, this is the place to stay. However, if you want to see some of the sights, go elsewhere. The hotel is located on Convention Center Drive about a half mile east of Las Vegas Boulevard (The Strip). And that gets to be a pretty good walk when Vegas turns toasty. The Stardust is the only major casino on the strip near Convention Center Drive. It is about a mile from the larger, newer casinos.When we stayed there, there was no activity at the Convention Center, so there was no taxi trafic past the hotel. The hotel had no means of calling by telephone for taxis, so we had to wait as much as 20 minutes for a cab to be summoned by whistle by the bell staff. We tried to get some &quot;concierge&quot; assistance for the front desk staff, two of whom were doing nothing at the time. One of the clerks turned around to avoid helping us. He left it to his counterpart, who did her best to be of assistance in booking a show. Also while we were there, they were rigging and draping a large sign outside and covering the whole hotel. It obscured the view (such as it was, of the convention center parking lot). The suite was clean and spacious with a separate room with a fold-out sofa.	
Jul 17 2006 	Good Business Hotel in Las Vegas	The rooms are clean, comfortable and roomy. Nice furnishings - though nothing opulent in the living area. The beds at this hotel are quite comfortable.One of the first things I noticed was how quiet it is in and around this hotel.No street noise, no traffic at all in front of the hotel. You'll hardly notice that you're just a few blocks off the strip. Very relaxing.As you've probably read by now, there is no casino in this hotel. No slot machines, no gaming of any kind. I think this is an added bonus after a long day the convention center and/or other hotel/casinos.The pool area is small but okay for this hotel. If you're looking for a Vegas &quot;pool scene&quot; - this isn't it. It's a standard hotel pool at a business hotel.About the area - the hotel is somewhat isolated. The monorail is about two blocks away; the convention center is behind it. The immediate area is limited in what it offers in the way of shopping and stores. Walgreens is three + blocks on the strip inside of a small strip of stores. If you don't have a car and don't like walking, I would not recommend this hotel for those with trouble getting around.Also - walking toward the strip from the hotel at night may scare some. (The convention center is the opposite direction.) Between the strip and this Marriott are a few &quot;shady&quot; spots: low-rent motel, construction site and parking lots. I walked back and forth over the course of a week at different hours of the day and night and would never allow my daughter to walk that street alone at night. I did see one or two suspicious characters lurking about. Please be careful.	
Jul 2 2006	Great location!	The motel is located at the corner of Paradise Road and Desert Inn and is right across the Convention Center and a Monorail station.For $15.00 you can ride the monorail as much as you like during a period of 24 hours which goes into effect as soon as you enter the station for your first ride. The monorail gets close enough to most major casions on the Strip. The motel has nice, attractive and clean rooms which feature a coffee maker and a refrigerator. All light bulbs are environmentally friendly fluorescent ones which I thought was a nice touch! The lovely courtyard features a nice pool, hot tub and lush landscaping. Pool side towels are provided.The service was polite, but not very &quot;warm&quot;. For the money I would have expected to have some breakfast included, but it was not and that's a bit disappointing.	
Jun 30 2006 	A Suite Stay in Las Vegas	June 26, 2006 – I spent one night at the Marriott Suites Las Vegas on business. This was my first stay in several years at this hotel.Not wanting to be accused of exaggerating, I timed check-in. From the moment that I walked up to the reception desk until I had my key was 54 seconds: fast and efficient. The associate that checked me in was welcoming and very friendly.My reservation was for a king non-smoking room which I received. I also prefer a high floor and my suite was 1021 on the tenth floor. The room rate was $149.00 which I thought reasonable considering the Roofing Convention was in town.The rooms have been completely re-done since my last visit. All of the furnishings are new and there are beautiful black and white photos on the wall. Lighting is excellent from the modern looking lamps. Most have outlets on the base making it easy to plug your electronic stuff in. The hotel is an all suite property. The suite consists of a living room with a work area and wet bar. The couch is a queen-size sofa bed and there is a comfortable arm chair and coffee table. The work area is near the window with a good size desk and a comfortable office-style chair. High speed internet service is by I-bahn (STSN) and costs $9.95 per day. This includes unlimited domestic long distance also.The bedroom is through French doors and has one of the new Marriott Revive beds! It looks terrific and is ultra comfortable. Besides the decorator pillows there were three nice feather pillows; the kind that I preferBoth the living room and bedroom have remote control TV’s with cable channels and pay-per-view movies. Most movies are $12.99 and a few “Art House” films were listed at $14.99.The bathroom is fairly large with a combination tub and shower. There are doors to the bathroom from both the living room and the bedroom vanity area. The towels were very thick and the bath amenities are by Bath and Body Works.I ordered room service for dinner. My order arrived in less than 30 minutes. The Marriott Burger was $11.00 and was very good. Total including a soda, tax, and tip (service charge) was about $18.00. All of the sandwiches were the same price. The other entrees ranged from about $15.00 (Chicken Teriyaki) to $36.00 (Porterhouse steak). This is one of the few Marriott hotels that does not offer pizza on the room service menu.The hotel has a small pool. If you come to enjoy the pool area, you might be disappointed. There are plenty of lounges and towels, but little ambiance.Parking at the hotel is complimentary for guests. Your room key card gives access to the covered parking lot. The “back” entrance to the hotel connects to the parking lot. It seemed safe and secure.The hotel has a lobby bar and restaurant. For breakfast you can choose between a couple of buffet options or a pretty full breakfast menu. I chose an omelet with hash browns and toast and it was excellent. The cost with coffee and a glass of milk including tax was about $14.00. Service was good even though the restaurant was full.Several times during my stay I would up coming in contact with different hotel associates. Not only were they friendly, but each asked if they could do anything for me. I felt that the service was excellent.Something that might be considered a drawback is a non-gaming property and is off the strip. Traveling on business this was perfect for me. I appreciated being out of the crowds on the strip and did not want the distraction of a casino.The hotel is located about 200 yards from the Convention Center station of the Las Vegas Monorail. Both the monorail and convention center are less than a five-minute walk from the hotel.The Marriott Suites Las Vegas is a really nice hotel. The suites are great and the service excellent. I can recommend it highly.	
Apr 7 2006	Loved the comfort and quiet	My husband and I stayed at the LV Marriott Suites for 5 days and loved how quiet and comfortable it was. The bed was very comfortable and cozy, the layout of the suite was good, the shower had great water pressure! The staff were friendly, the food was reasonably priced and good.It was far away enough from the Strip to provide some quiet and sanity away from the mad casino action and the drunken tourists.. but still close enough that we could walk to it if we wanted to. The fact that there is no casino downstairs can be a pro and a con at the same time. But we certainly appreciated a quiet getaway while we were there.This hotel is also perfect for anyone attending something at the Convention Center - it's right across the road from it. As if, of course, the address doesn't already give it away!	
Apr 2 2006	Great Alternative to Strip Casino Hotels	We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of March. This was our first stay at this hotel and our first time in Vegas NOT staying at a Strip Casino Hotel.First off, not all suites are &quot;suites&quot;. Most rooms do not have a door/wall to separate the bedroom from the sitting area. We had requested and got our &quot;true suite&quot; with the bedroom separated by french doors. If you really need this feature, be sure to make this request. However, they cannot guarantee availability. Two TVs in suite, 1 in the bedroom and 1 in the sitting area.I booked through ---. About a week before our arrival, --- sent me an email that invited me to use their &quot;virtual concierge&quot;. The email sent me a link to their website and I could request specific items that we would to be in our suite before we checked in. We requested bath robes, foam pillows, refrigerator and late check in. You can request food, beverages, and other items at a cost. When we arrived at 11 pm, all the items we had requested were in the room. The robes, frig, and foam pillows were in place (we are allergic to feather).The Marriott Suites is located about 1 block away from the Monorail. The monorail can take you to most of the casinos down the strip. At the monorail station is the Wynn shuttle. The shuttle takes you from the monorail station to the Wynn. This was really convienent. The Courtyard and Residence Inn are closer to the monorail station and the Wynne shuttle.The room was clean and comfortable. We had a view of the Wynn. Cleanliness was up to Marriot standards. Housekeeping did a wonderful job of cleaning the rooms during our stay. Bed was really comfortable. The bed was the Marriot signature &quot;Revive&quot; bed. There is a wet bar and mini bar in room.We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant and we thought it was good. You can order from the menu or get the buffet. We thought it was a nice and relaxing alternative to the casino buffets were you are herded like cattle. The service was personable and very friendly. Not the best deal but it was nice not being rushed while eating.We had lunch in Las Vegas Chinatown. For authentic Chinese, try Sam Woo BBQ. Beware, they take cash only. Try the BBQ Pork, Salted Pork Chops, and the Beef Chow Fun. Dont expect great service which is typical for typical authentic Chinese food. Go in with a open mind and expect GREAT chinese food.Another day, we had lunch at &quot;Sugar &amp; Ice&quot; at the Wynn. They have a great selection of sandwiches. Shrimp Ceasar salad was also good. Coleslaw is also good. Price is about $10 per person.The Marriott Suites Las Vegas is was nice alternative to the casino hotels. We dont gamble much so it bother us that the hotel did not have gambling. The hotel was close enough to the Wynn when we needed to get some gambling in. We would definetely stay here again.	
Mar 28 2006	Much Better than the Casino		
Mar 23 2006	Good stay		
Jan 4 2006	Great Hotel!		
Dec 31 2005	Nice Hotel		
Nov 28 2005	Being renovated until Dec 15th 05		
Jun 3 2005	Great Quiet Hotel - Away From Strip's Hubba Bubba		
Apr 19 2005	Much better than a casino hotel		
Mar 26 2005 	A great experience		
May 1 2004	Quiet alternative for business travelers		
Feb 2 2004	Great hotel location but...		
