	North Tower	We always stay at this hotel when we visit Vegas because we get a comp room, but every time we notice bits and pieces of snacks are left behind in a room. For example, between the night stands, under the table and chairs, corner of the room, under the TV armoir.. We found cheerios and pretzels there this time... Apparently, the maid might have been in a rush to clean the room, she didn't leave a roll of toilet paper and laundry bags... We called to have someone to bring them up to the room, but it didn't happen for a long time... Besides those things, we always enjoy staying at Bally's because the rooms are big, and it's in a good location. We ordered room service for breakfast, and it came in timely manner, and the portion was okay.We would recommend Bally's for anyone who is looking for a good size room and location.	
	Great Location	If you are going to Vegas to stay in a ritzy hotel, this is not the place for you. Yes this place is run down and there are chips on the furniture and there are snags on the rugs, but the bed had fresh sheets and the bathroom was clean. For the price this place is hard to beat. You are a hop skip and a jump away from everything and we even had a partial view of the Bellagio from the 20th floor. Now I am a germaphobe and a clean freak and yes I wore my socks when walking across the floor, but I would and will stay here again the next time I'm in town.	
	Pictures say it all	Stayed in room 7008 in the south tower. The room had the dirtiest, raggedy chairs and old chipped and shabby furniture. I took photos and then requested a new room which I got with no problems. True the rooms were very inexpensive for a strip hotel but this was disgusting.	
	Great Loaction good price!	My partner and I stayed here with friends at the beginning of November for 3 nights and we requested to be near each other and were put on 3 seperate floors, But we spoke to them and the next day we were moved no hassle. The staff at check in and out were fine. didnt really have anything to do with the rest of the staf at the hotel so cant comment. The first room we were in was massive you could have had a party in there. The second room was still big but not as huge. The beds were ok, not the best I had stayed in but clean. I saw what people meant about the windows being dirty, but on the second day we were there they cleaned them and you really noticed it, so much better. The spa at Ballys was amazing, attention to detail was good and they tendered to all our needs, no questions asked.Overall I would say that the hotel was good. Your not in vegas to be in your room your there to explore and party/gamble. The loaction was great right in the middle of everything. I would stay there again if on a budget.	
	Best deal friendliest people clean we will be back to Ballys !	We have been to Vegas over 15 times , and this was our second time this year. We have stayed at &quot;low star&quot; hotels right up to the 4 star MGM. Ballys was the best deal ever. We booked through Westjet Vacations for Nov 14-21, and got return flight, hotel and taxes for $1200 for both my wife and I , AND a $400 credit with Westjet. So we actually paid $800 for a 7 night stay with airfare and taxes from Regina , Sk. Canada. We knew Ballys was older , but were we surprized. Right from the time we arrived at Valet parking ( We always rent a car) the Valet was cheerful , happy , and helpful . Asking a Bellman to take the bags and store them untill we called from our room to deliver. Delivery of our bags took less than 5 minutes . Checkin was a breeze. 10 minutes max. We went to look at our room and it wasn't ready yet.(7pm) That was unusual , but when we saw the room that we were about to get , we said &quot;we'd wait&quot;. hahahaha . We came back in an hr and WOW... It was VERY large , clean and a great view from the 25th floor. 2nd only to the room we had at MGM a few years ago.  PROS: *Everyone was pleasant, cheerful , smiling , helpful , it was like we were royalty. We have never experienced such a comfortable greeting and helpful people at a hotel before in Vegas. Large room , clean , GREAT location . Right smack dab in the middle of the strip. *Cost . *Connected to Paris . *Great eating everywhere. Food is great. * Our room was super quiet.* Floor to ceiling and wall to wall windows. What a view.CONS:*No coffee maker , (we knew that and always bring our own coffee maker and Tim Hortons coffee as coffee in the casino shops is expensive and I like to have my early coffee in my pajamas hehehe) Internet is expensive in the rooms , but there are kiosks everywhere you can use for $5.00 for 15 minutes if you must . Who goes to Vegas to surf the web? Some people put hundreds of dollars in a slot machine or at a blackjack table then complain about internet cost...sheeshWe would recommend Ballys. J.Knox	
Nov 25 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I really did not know what to expect when i read some of the bad reviews for Bally's. We stayed 4 nights in the North Tower. The room was large and clean. The furniture appeared relatively new even if the wallpaper and some of the paint around the room was not. We had a large flat screen TV, a very comfortable bed and a clean bathroom. The location as others have mentioned is perfect - right in the middle of the strip with a short walk to Bellagio's and Caesar's. You can certainly tell that Bally's is ageing relative to some of its neighbours. We never tried eating in the hotel but being in Vegas there is an abundence of high quality restaurants within short walking distance.If you are looking for somewhere that has good location and is relatively inexpensive then i would certainly recommend here.	
Nov 24 2009 	Good all round budget hotel in perfect centre strip location	We were very impressed with Bally's. After arriving around midday when their check in was 3pm we requested to get in our room early. The first room they offered us straight away which was good, but when I checked if it had a room and they said it didnt we opted to wait an hour for the next room. The receptionist then offered us another room on onlt the 4th floor but with strip view, amazingly when she saw the id suddenly another room had become available!! (she noticed my partner was a doctor - fine by us!). This room was available in an hour from then and was on a top floor with a view and non smokign which we requested so we were happy to take it.Oh my goodness when we got up did we get a fantastic surprise, the view was amazing, of the effiel tower at paris opposite, you could see the Bellagio fountains and right down the strip all the way to Luxor. You would normally pay a lot for a view like that, we paid £26 GBP a night!!Ok so the room was abit dated but the beds were comfy and this was just a standard room. It was huge with big bathroom and everything worked fine. No mini bar which was a good thing!!The room was easy to find which is always a plus point in Vegas hotels and not too far from the lifts.Housekeeping kept the rooms spotless and the bellboys helpful at the desk although some did not say anything at all when moving your bags but still expecting tipping.Its not worth eating at this hotel but you have the whole strip on your doorstep so thats not a problem. We had breakfast one morning in Sidewalk which was ok, a lot of food but pricey. Go next door to a little cafe in Paris hotel called N'otre I think (something like that) for reasonable crossiants and coffee.We were very happy to stay at Ballys especially because of the view and the bargain.Thurs and Fri nights got a bit rowdy in the corridors outside the room when people got back from clubs etc and you could hear everything in the room, apart from that the hotel was quiet.Would definitely reccommend for a budget Vegas stay as you are never in your room that long anyway! Not worth paying the prices for flashy hotels when this one gives you good service and a great view potentially.	
Nov 23 2009 	Went off without a hitch	Just returned from a 4 night trip to Las Vegas and stayed at the Bally's on the strip. We were greeted by a long line at the check-in but the wait was not very bad at all. Our check-in person was good to work with although he said our room was a non smoking twin right next to the elevator but we could be put on a list to be moved the next day. We pretty much accepted that this was what it was going to be. After going through the motions of checking us in he said he was able to get us a non smoking King in the North tower which was a bonus at no extra cost (+1 there). While in line it was a very busy place in my mind, this was a late Monday night. Room was very nice and the bed was comfortable and had a couch, desk, and a nice view of the North Strip. Bathroom was clean and had plenty of mirrors, nice touch was the hair dryer had a nightlight built in so no bright lights in the middle of the night trips.Location of this hotel is perfect, you're nestled in the heart of the strip and walking both ways was pretty good (if you want to see everything be prepared to WALK, WALK, WALK as everything appears close but it is still quite a bit of walking) The pool was closed for the season but we had access to the Paris pool which we only got a half hour to sit and enjoy. It was not busy there as it was off-season but was very peaceful sitting in the sun. Did not spend much time in the casino (not a gambler), but looked like it stayed pretty busy most of the day if that's any sign to those that gamble often. The walkway from Bally's to the Paris awesome, the conference we attended was at the Paris so we saw this alot.Overall, this hotel was nice and neat and reasonably priced for the package we purchased. Would consider staying with them again if ever in Vegas. Although I found that everything else in Vegas is over priced, but I am pretty cheap :o)	
Nov 22 2009 	Bally's	We got a fantastic rate on our rooms because we frequent Harrah's Casino in Kansas City, but I would recommend Bally's to anyone adults wanting to stay on the Strip in Las Vegas. It's not overwhelmingly kid-friendly, which is good for us. The bed was comfortable and the room was spacious and clean. One feature lacking in the room is a refrigerator, which is available in many of the hotels where we stay. Another shortcoming is the internet charge ($12) which we did not pay.	
Nov 21 2009 	one of the best places to stay on the strip	We stayed at Ballys Nov 15 thru the 19th.We have stayed at Ballys a number of times but this time we were upgraded to a junior suite. This was a nice upgrade, clean and a little more room. This room did not have a great view but that did not matter to us since we have been to Vegas so many times.Now for the down side, none of the slots were paying much. We visited a number of casinos and did not see any real payouts. The best thing to do is take your $40. and move to the next machine. I won some at Paris, which suprised me, that is not a place I usually win at all. Try Monte Carlo, that casino paid more than any others. We ordered room service for Breakfast because the lines for coffee are so long, it is worth the extra $2.50 to have breakfast in your room. There are many places to eat dinner so that is never a problem.Don't take any more money than you are prepared to lose. We have seen a change in the slots, Vegas must need the money because we used to win $800. or more on a dollar slot machine, now most of the machines don't even come down to the win lines.See the shows and stay away from the slots as much as possible.Wait until the economy picks up then try the again.We found the staff to be accomodating to any of our needs. I have read other reviews about rude staff, I'm not sure what some of the people are asking for. This is not a place where you will be pampered, it is neat and clean.	
Nov 19 2009 	Our Stay at Ballys Las Vegas	Absolutely a great casino/hotel. Right in the middle of the strip. Could not have asked for a better hotel for our first visit to Las Vegas. Also if you do stay there make sure you try the $20 trick at the front desk. Got us ( 2 rooms) upgraded from the South Tower to the North Tower(which is much better btw) for all 4 nights. My god was it worth the gamble.	
Nov 18 2009 	Pleasantly Suprised!	I originally booked Ballys because it was a great deal, but after reading all of the bad reviews, I was a bit nervous. We checked in at about 7:30pm and there were no lines...phew. I did my research and asked for an odd numbered room in the north tower. They offered it to me for an additional fee and I declined. I ended up on the 65th floor of the south tower. It was great! The room was very large and clean, plus I had a wonderful view of the strip! I had laughed because everyone had mentioned the dirty windows, and they were, but they were cleaned the very next day! So what if there were a few stains on the rugs and if the furniture was outdated? I probably would have never noticed these things if I hadn't read about them before. I would rather have those minor issues than be anywhere else on the strip. Note: They do not have coffee pots in the rooms! If you are an avid coffee drinker like myself, walk a couple of blocks to Walgreens and buy a $10 pot and a $3 can of coffee. You will be glad you did.Enjoy!	
Nov 18 2009	great location	I thought the location was great and my room was excellent although walls are a bit thin.Only trouble was we were all very very ill when we got home, i have been off work 2 months. I think there must have been some super bug in the AC.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very unimpressive!!!	Rude employees, less than impressive accomodations, always a long line at the front desk with never more than two people working the desk, internet service in room $14.00 per day and was on hold with IT for 30 mins attempting to get it to work - never obtained access and they still charged me. Bottom line, I was at Bally's with 300 collegues for a sales conference, I would never part with any of my own money to stay at this facility.	
Nov 16 2009 	I was Not pleased	This hotel was not worth the money that I paid for it. I could hear my neighbors holding full conversations using their inside voices so you can imagine what I heard later on at night! The walls were very thin! I was also not upset to see how dingy the carpet look on the hall floors. There were stains everywhere. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone who I actually like!	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent value for the money	The hotel is well situated on the strip. We were upgraded to a deluxe room in the north tower. The room was huge, clean but dated. Everyone was pleasant and we thoroughly enjoyed our five day stay.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Location but South Tower rooms old and worn	My 3 friends and I just returned from our trip this morning..We found a good deal on the internet but were misled by the hotel when making reservations. After we made the reservations, we called to ask for adjoining rooms and the reservation desk told us that would be &quot;noted&quot; on our reservation. We also asked for the North Tower after learning it was the nicer of the two towers. We were told that our reservation would &quot;reflect our preference&quot;. Upon arrival, only one room rather than 2 were ready for us in the South Tower. This was 5:30 p.m. If we wished to upgrade to North Tower the next day we would have to pay extra. We declined. There were no adjoining rooms in the South Tower which we were not told when we called. Althought it was not that big a deal to be on seperate floors, we were misled. The rooms were old, dusty and the bedspreads dirty. The shower was hot and powerful and the maids cleaned promptly each day.There was a room service tray sitting outside one room for two days on our floor which was gross to see each time we passed. We did not spend that much time in the room but it was the principle of the matter that bothered us. The view we had was great though-we could see the fountains at Bellagio quite well. Although the pool was closed, we could use the one at the adjacent Paris hotel which was just awesome. Very relaxing . Overall, the location was the best part of this hotel. Don't believe the reservation desk when you call to ask for preferences. You get what they have. We made our reservations 2 months ahead of time.	
Nov 12 2009 	Good Times	Traveled with 2 friends to Vegas and stayed at Bally's. This was my first time to Vegas. We stayed from a Tuesday thru Saturday. Hotel and rooms were very nice and clean. Went to get our Total Rewards cards and were told the Total Rewards center at Bally's had been shut down. We had to go to Paris to get the cards. Just a minor inconvience since we planned to go over there anyway. Bally's and Paris are connected so it's easy to get from one to the other. Once we got the cards we decided to do a little gambling. It was pretty obvious we were there during the recession. Half of the tables in Paris &amp; Bally's weren't being used. A couple nights we had a hard time finding a table. We never played cards at Paris because the $10 tables were always full. Dealers at Bally's were mostly fun. They kept us entertained and were always helpful. Bally's is in a very convenient location. Right on the strip, very easy to get anywhere else you desire to go. Valet was free, which we used the entire time we were there. The attendants were friendly and very helpful. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would stay there again as long as the price was right.	
Nov 12 2009 	Above expectations	I travelled with my sil, and when we arrived we were taken to the grand suite on the 16 floor, 2 bedrooms with adjoining door, wow, jacuzzi, tub for me and his own room, housekeeping was amazing, fresh sheets every day, refills on coffee and hair products. nice view of mountains and part strip, room service was quick and hot and plentiful, employees were very happy and helpful, needed a mobility scooter and it was there on arrival, i encountered no problems at all, casino slots were very tight so I learned to play craps and had a wonderful time and saved a lot of money, dealers were very friendly and helped us learn the game and made it a lot of fun for all at the table, I am returning next April and have done so for the past 18 years, I usually only have a room in the north tower but for some reason as I went through the casino host, I was given a jacuzzi suite, II dont think that will happen again but you never know, I really felt like they were pleased that I was there and treated me with respect and the bar staff was wonderful, they actually remembered my name from last April, the staff has been there a long time and they do seem to enjoy their jobs and the customers who stay there, it makes for a very good time, all the general visitors were very chatty and seemed to be enjoying the fact that the employees remembered their names, I will always stay at Ballly's for the purpose that I feel welcomed and above all, safe as sometimes I travel alone, I will fromnow on use the casino host I think they can make a big difference in the room assignments, I am not a big roller but I am a repeat customer......I love this place if you are not happy with your accommodations just politely ask them to change them and you will be surprised at how accommodating they can be	
Nov 11 2009 	Large room great swimming pool	We stayed in a standard room, large for the price, and comfortable with lots of storage space. You need to check the bathroom - ours was disability access (no bathtub) with a huge shower space and seat. If you need a bathtub, request it at time of reservation. The room was quiet, and the bed clean. Great location - easy walking to the strip and shopping. Bus stop one block away. The swimming pool is large enough for real swimming, with tile bench seats in the water along the edge - great for reading and keeping cool. Lots of clean towels and lounge chairs. A bare bones lobby - most services have relocated to Paris, which is a long walk through the tunnel. The bonus is Ichiban Sushi en route to the pool for the delicious western or Japanese breakfast.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great stay at Ballys	We were in town for the SEMA Show and this was my first stay here at Ballys. I have learned to look past alot of the negative reviews that I read as some people are just too picky. The rooms were huge and very clean, the sports book was my favorite in town and check in and out were quick. What more can you ask for? We only ate here once at Nathans Hot Dog Stand 2 hot dogs and 2 small sodas $17??? Ouch. We ate 2 nights at Ellis Island 1 block behind Ballys. It is the best deal in Vegas an excellent $6.99 steak dinner 24 hours a day! The only thing I didnt like was how smokey the casino got at night. Also my luck here gambling was awful. Will I stay here next time I am in Vegas no but thats not because it wasnt nice its because I like to try different places. At some point I will be back here I promise. To me the Harrahs players club is the best in Las Vegas!	
Nov 11 2009 	Outstanding hotel horrible casino!	I stayed here October 29-November 5, 2009. It was my first trip to Vegas. I used my points on my Harrah's Total Rewards Card (I accumulated the points at Harrah's in North Carolina &amp; Atlantic City, N.J.). The points earned me 5 free night at any Harrah's property in the U.S.A. When I arrived at the check in counter, I tossed the clerk a ten dollar bill and two five dollar bills. I told him that I thought he was doing a wonderful job, and I appreciated his job skills. Well, he thanked me, and gave me a FREE upgrade to a suite in the North Tower. That was the best $20.00 I spent in Vegas! Try it!The bathroom was huge! It had a large mirrored closet in the bathroom's hallway. A full sink in the bathroom's hallway (and a table with chairs), and more mirrors in the bathroom's hallway. Once inside the bathroom, there was another full sink (and more mirrors), and a marble floor. The bathroom was larger than some hotel's rooms!The large, clean, quiet bedroom was more than anyone could ask for! When I was up in the room, I really felt as if I were a thousand miles away from everyone! The room was comfortable and (again) QUIET! Oh, it was on the 12th floor. Great location.The housekeepers were friendly and dependable. They really did a great job! I left money and valuables laying on one of the tables in the room (while I was out). When I returned, the housekeeper had cleaned the room, and the money and valuables were still right where I put them! Extremely honest and reliable housekeepers! I felt comfortable knowing that those ladies were cleaning my room while I was away. I thank them!The hallways were clean, the elevators were clean, the room was OUTSTANDING!I lost a fortune in the casino (my own fault). I suggest, if you play the machines, go across the street to the Flamingo (another Harrah's property). I won some $$$$$ playing the penny machines there. The Flamingo also has, in my opinion, the BEST buffet on the strip. Go to the buffet after 4:00 PM. Lots of seafood, lamb, prime rib, and whatever your hunger desires. It's the Paradise Buffet over across the street at the Flamingo. Check it out!Anyway, I absolutely recommend Bally's! The hotel is better than I ever expected. And, it's about center of the strip, so the location is unbeatable! Yes, I plan on staying there again this spring!E-mail me if you have any questions!	
Nov 9 2009 	Give Bally's a chance!	My wife and I combined our two birthdays and our 10th wedding anniv. gift to each other with a trip to Las Vegas from Nov. 2 - 6. We stayed at Bally's all 4 nites. We'd both read the reviews for Bally's on here and the negative ones, like other reviewers have said, caused us to worry just a little about what we were going to get. Our worries were totally without merit.Our stay was awesome. Bally's, as I've rated, was excellent in every respect. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We stayed in the North Tower because there was nothing available in the South. The SEMA convention was going on that week, so we got a room in the North Tower at no extra charge (usually $20/nite as I've read). I don't understand the fiercely negative reviews on here about Bally's. I suppose Bally's could have had an off day. I rather tend to believe that those particular travelers are just the impossible to please type, know what I mean?Here's the basics:My wife and I prize cleanliness over ALL else. We were not disappointed. The room was spotless every day. New towels and bedding everyday -- a daily $5 tip probably helped.Our room and the whole hotel did seem a bit dated. The color scheme is generally of a gold color, but everything was very clean. The furnishings were just fine and the bathroom, with marble all around, was very nice. I've read a few reviews about low water pressure. We had absolutely no problem. Pressure was excellent, showerhead had good volume and the water could be as hot as you could stand it. The water was rather hard. So, if you're used to soft water like us you've been warned. We stayed on the 12th floor facing Planet Hollywood and the Paris hotel. Not a whole lot to see but the view was still nice. It was also the biggest hotel room I've ever stayed in. Not gigantic but definitely bigger than average.Bally's has a monorail station connected to the hotel. I highly recommend using this. Bally's is definitely in an ideal location. However, the other hotels are farther away than they look. We walked a lot, but for repeat visits to other casinos, we used the monorail.We got a massage in Bally's spa. It was $80 for 50 min., it was nice but overpriced to me. Again, the staff at the spa was outstanding. The casino did, of course, smell of cigarette smoke. ALL of the casinos do because they allow smoking in them. They all seem to have their own individual fragrance when you first walk in. Maybe in an effort to mask the smoke smell. It was so noticeable to us because we're non-smokers, but it wasn't terrible. We ate only two meals at Bally's. A quick bite at Sbarro's and a lunch, a burger, at a restaurant not listed on their site. I forget the name but I think it begins with a &quot;T&quot;. The burger was excellent but a bit pricey... like EVERYTHING in Vegas. We also ate a breakfast and a dinner at Terrible's Casino, about 2 long blocks from Bally's. Good food, good price, again, long walk. Check-in and out was relatively quick. I don't think it matters when you come or go, there will be some sort of a line. We didn't do the quick-checkout because we wanted to see the charges on our bill. They were perfectly correct. (We bought a vacation package... the only charges were for our massages). One other thing: The shuttle from the airport was miserable. The driver took &quot;back&quot; roads and it took at least 20 min. to get to Bally's. We didn't want to risk being late for our flight home so we took a cab to the airport. This I highly recommend.The only real downside I would mention is how much you have to walk. Big hotels/casinos are neat, but... they're BIG!As far as eating, my wife and I highly recommend the buffet at Excalibur. They have an all-you-can-eat, all day for $29.00. You can't beat that anywhere. Plus, the variety of their buffet is superb. American food and a good size Chinese section and a Mexican section. We ate one breakfast at MGM's Grand Buffet. Don't waste your time. It was $16/person and the variety was very limited.My final recommendations: Stay at Bally's for the location and price. We used our hotel room to clean up and sleep. Otherwise, we weren't there. If you want to pay double, triple or more for a room at the Bellagio, Venitian or where ever, that's certainly your choice, but we were extremely satisfied with everything Bally's had to offer and didn't pay an outrageous price. It really depends on what you want and what you value.Next, you have to tip darn near everyone, shuttle bus drivers, cab drivers, doormen, waiters, dealers (if you play or win much... which we didn't). So budget generously for tipping. You can find guides on tipping in Vegas. We followed what the guides said. Waitstaff were tipped as we do anywhere else. Good service got a good tip. Food in Vegas isn't used as a tool to get you into the casino. They make a profit off of it... translation: it's expensive so be prepared.Last, have a great time. Explore everywhere you can. There's a lot to see.P.S. We went through the Luxor. We were not impressed at all. In fact, the &quot;clientle&quot; walking around was much better dressed than any other hotel we were in. The atmosphere at the Luxor was very uppity, snooty and snobish. It was the ONLY hotel where we saw a sign saying &quot;No Photos&quot; inside and with a &quot;Proper Attire Required&quot; sign on one restaurant. ALL other casinos we were in were very relaxed and friendly.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Location!	We traveled on Nov. 5-8 to celebrate a friend's 21st birthday, we arrived at the hotel around 3:00am, Initially we had booked non-smoking 2 beds at the South Tower, and due to our time of arrival and the rooms being booked we were upgraded to the North Tower, 1 king size bed and smoking room. We were hesitant at first, but when we got to our room it wasn't disappointing. The room was spacious had a great view and the restroom was also big, this &quot;smoking room&quot; did not smell like smoke at all, it felt like it was a non-smoking room.The location is a big plus, it’s in the middle of everything that was very convenient for us, and when we did had to go to farther places, we rode the Deuce bus, I would recommend buying an all day pass, it's all well worth it, in addition Harrah's properties offers a free Shuttle from Paris to Rio Hotel, which was also a big plus!We didn't eat at Bally's, but the operator said the food wasn't all that great, she recommended Paris for restaurants which connects with Ballys.All in all we had a great time in Ballys, we didn't have any problems with the service or the employees.	
Nov 5 2009 	Better than expected; good experience.	I have been to Vegas ~15 times in the last 10 years, but this was my first stay at Ballys. Check-in was fast at 8pm. I was offered 2 free nights in the South Tower comped, but because they didn't have a king room available at the time, I got a free upgrade to the North Tower with 2 queen beds. The room was on the 25th floor with a nice view of the North Strip (Harrah's, Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn..). The room was huge, beautiful, clean &amp; comfortable. The halls were quiet so no problems sleeping. I found the staff friendly, the slots looser than the MGM properties, but not as good as the Las Vegas Hilton or downtown. The drink service is not so great, but I found this to be true everywhere on the Strip compared to other visits. Other CONS included: no hair conditioner, no coffee maker in the room (expected), no Starbucks, only one coffee bar in the hotel (long lines in the morning), $25 for a 6 cup pot of coffee via room service with delivery charge plus tip, and a $3 charge per day for the safe. We only ate at a bar in the passage between Bally's &amp; Paris for a quick burger which was fine. If you go out the door near the sports book, it is only a 2 block walk (1 block east, then 1 block south) to Ellis Island where my husband &amp; I had the $6.99 (off menu) steak special with a root beer or microbrew beer which was excellent. Other hotels I have also stayed at include MGM, the Mirage, the Las Vegas Hilton, the Bellagio, the Wynn, the Stratosphere, and Circus Circus. The hotel is not as nice as the Bellagio or the Wynn, but even if the room wasn't comped, the prices are very good for mid center strip &amp; I would stay here again.	
Nov 4 2009 	As expected	First time in Vegas. Booked a combo air and hotel thru Delta and picked Bally's based an reviews and price. Was offered an upgrade at checkin for 20 bucks a night to the north tower and declined. We had just spent the previous night at Caesars (nice hotel by the way) and we were upgraded at no charge. Room was clean with tired furnishings. Partial view of strip thru dirty windows. Very convenient to the Strip. I might stay again depending on other packages.	
Nov 3 2009 	Bally's needs a face lift.	We travel to Vegas 2x per year for a couples get away. Each visit we choose another location to stay on the strip. This past visit we tried Bally's with another couple. This site recommended the north tower as the rooms were upgraded. The didn't mention which decade. The are old and tired. And that was the $20 per night upgrade. I was lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite. Larger but still tired and in dire need of an upgrade. However, that said, the staff were excellent with checking in and out and this hotel isn't the worst place you'll spend a night in vegas for $58 per night. Enjoy.	
Nov 1 2009 	Location. Location. Location	Staff was very pleasant and accomadating. We stayed in the south tower, honestly rooms smelt old, wallpaper was peeling off the wall in the bathroom and the window literally had a film of crime on it BUT the room was clean. The best thing about the hotel was the location. It's right in the middle of the strip and is an EXCELLENT location. I would stay there again, perhaps staying in the north tower for an extra $20 a night. It is hard to believe that they couldn't clean the windows and tape the wallpaper down. REALLY....... The pool area was great also. And one more thing the ventalation was not good in the casino, very smokey. But like I said I would stay there again just because of the location. Have Fun......	
Oct 30 2009 	Don't stay in the south tower!	We've stayed at Bally's several times in the past. This time we were roomed in the south tower...OMG. The room was beyond awful. We had requested a King bed...and because they didn't have one ready (after check-in time btw)... we accepted a queen on the prefice that we get another room the next day. Well...this room had the $500 6 pc set bedroom set...an old style TV on an end table.... the fan in the bathroom vibrated the beds it was so loud. Next morning I went down to request a different room that was up to date. I was told it would be a $20 per nite upgrade to be in the North tower....WHAT? Anyway, after some sweet talking.... we were upgraded to the North tower at no extra charge. This room was way way better.... BUT there was still peeling paint in the bathroom. The toilet ran every 2 minutes.... we kept fixing the chain in the tank...left a note with our daily tip to the cleaning crew, asking for them to fix this. Came back many hours later to the running toilet. My husband finally fixed it so it stopped. I'm sorry...is this what we are suppose to do on vacation...fix toilets? Don't think we'll stay here again till they do a real renovation... not worth the aggravation. SIDE NOTE: The morning I was trying to change our room...there was a guy screaming about finding blood and worse on their sheets when they checked into their room and was demanding a room change. Front desk was NOT being helpful or apologetic to them which I found strange... these people were told to &quot;make a report with security&quot;....ANOTHER SIDE NOTE: Went on the Haunted Vegas Tour - excellent!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Ballys was ok?	we have stayed at Ballys several times and always had a nice room...this time we checked into Ballys for a 4 night stay....we booked through Expedia and had requested a king room....upon checkin the lady informed us that we had booked a queen room or doubles....this was the first disappointment....and she said our rooms would be in the south tower....and she emphasized that if we wanted to upgrade we could for an additional $20 night.....she would not even consider giving us a room in the north tower and a king bed unless we paid the $20...and I feel we had already paid for this type of room thru Expedia......all the times we stayed at Ballys we were always placed in the north tower in a king room and there was no additional fee...the room we were assigned was certainly good size....dirty carpet and next to the elevator...24 hrs a day you heard the elevator going up/down....not a good situation. the tv was all the way across the room and small....I was disappointed with our accomodations this trip and was disappointed that we were given a room in the south tower...there may be good rooms there but certainly did not have one....maid service was fine during our stay...Unfortunately we will look very hard at going back to Ballys in the future...they could have done us better if the lady had only tried....I would still recommend but only north tower accomodations as I know them..	
Oct 29 2009 	Great if its what you want	We Stayed at Bally's from the 13 to 20th of October. Booked the room after lots of deliberation upon where to stay on-line through the Harrah website.Check in was quick, no line only about 2 others in front of me, after a 10.5hour flight it was a lovely sight. Check-in person wasn't very friendly, and I only managed to get the least amount of conversation out of her that was required to check us in. I had requested and paid for a North Tower non smoking room , with preference of a room facing the strip, all that was available she advised me was a smoking room for that night and I could move the next day , fine, We were tired so took it. When we got to the room it was disgusting, the smell hit you coming out of the lifts that it was a smoking floor, and only got worse as we entered the room. I have stayed in smoking rooms before but this room was like nothing else, the curtains where brown, even my friend staying with me, who is a smoker said she couldn't stay in it, and it overlooked a car parking lot to top it ! Back down to reception , there was no way I was paying to stay in a room like that . A different reception person who was just so lovely, she fully understood and searched the system, finding us a non smoking room in the north tower in minutes ? , apologising that it was only on the 12th floor and not higher . This room was perfect , a view across to Ceasars , and the room was spotless.The hotel itself is old, but its friendly , frayed around the edges is how I would describe it , so it all depends on what you are looking for. If its a cheap hotel central location then yes this is the hotel for you, we paid around £480 for 7 nights, you can stay at the MGM for just a little more, and to be honest every time we have visited we have stayed in a different hotel , so the MGM would be the hotel I would stay in next time, it was buzzing.Bally's best feature has to be its location, it is so central , but I wonder really whether thats so important now in Vegas ? A special thank you to our chamber maid, our room was spotless everyday , clean towels and always a pleasant smile, they really work very hard, don't forget to tip them at the end of your stay. and the table dealers, a very friendly group. Food - We had some lovely meals, in some lovely restaurants , but I must recommend you go to Dallies in Planet Hollywood for Brunch, it is so reasonable and the food was wonderful.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Stay	We stayed at Bally's from Oct. 7 to 14th....We had an awesome room in the north tower. Very clean. The view would have been very nice except the windows were filthy. There was a letter in the room stating that the windows were being cleaned so draw the curtains if you did not want to be seen. We did not see any window cleaners anywhere during our stay. The only other downfall was that we requested a late checkout. That is considered to be noon at no charge, the very longest without paying for a full night, is till 4pm, but that is an additional cost of $35.00. Those were the only downfalls, other than that the room was clean, very large and the bed was very comfortable.	
Oct 26 2009 	value 	recently stayed for 7 nites in the north tower 24th floor. Room was big &amp; clean, maid service every day. All people who worked there were very nice and helpful when we had a question. We stayed from th 17 to the 24th of oct. close to evertthing, bus service,tram, and walking to all casinos. We will definitly stay at Ballys again in the near future . linda windsor ont.	
Oct 24 2009 	Nothing special	Big hotel. Really nice room. We were on the 5th level with a great view on the air conditions... but you are in Vegas for the party! Staff is unfriendly and rude. All other amenities are very expensive. No free Internet...	
Oct 23 2009 	I'm just glad to be back home!	This was my first trip to Las Vegas and the primary purpose of the trip was to attend a convention at Bally’s. Since I’ve never been to Las Vegas before, I decided to depart home early and take my wife, a travel agent, to spend a few extra days touring Las Vegas, visiting with my sister from LA and seeing the Hoover Dam, all of which were very nice. My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio hotel / casino a few nights before the convention started at Bally’s and our experience was very enjoyable; the fountain was impressive too!The day before the convention, we moved to Bally’s since the hotel room was included as part of the convention’s registration fee. My expectations of Bally’s were lower than the Bellagio because it’s an older less expensive hotel. Despite my lower expectations, Bally’s still succeeded in disappointing us. We arrived at Bally’s around 2 PM and I was surprised to see the long check-in line. I asked the hotel check-in line attendant if they were going to bring additional staff to help speed up the check-in process since there were six (6) empty hotel check-in attendant stations, and she said the empty stations would be staffed in about 5 minutes. I thought she was serious and was very relieved. As it turned out, she was just joking; the joke being on me and the other folks waiting in line. Thirty minutes later we were heading to our room on the 23rd floor, room 2311 to be specific. During check-in, the attendant stated that the daily $13.99 Internet fee and spa exercise room were included (free) for conference attendees. Not being a gambler, smoker (former) or heavy drinker, I was immediately overcome by the significant amount of cigarette / cigar / pipe smoke in Bally’s casino… my sinus’s clogged up almost immediately and stayed congested during our entire stay despite my best efforts to get relief from nasal spray. I don’t know how one can avoid all the smoke filled air in the Vegas casinos, probably not, but some casinos are definitely much worse than others.Our room was large, clean, and had basic, though somewhat dated, furnishings and accouterments; it was about what I expected. The view out over Vegas from our room was pleasant, looking north over Flamingo Road. What we didn’t know at the time, was that Flamingo Road appears to be a primary route for emergency vehicles and the room had very poor noise insulating characteristic due to the large single pane exterior glass doors and windows. That evening we were awoken several times by road maintenance jack hammers, emergency vehicles and even by people’s voices on the street 23 floors below us.The next morning I contacted the front desk concerning the noise and they stated they would put be us a waiting list for a room change, but couldn’t guarantee the move… Two noisy sleepless nights later, we decided to check-out early and depart the conference and head back home.On check-out, we were advised, to my surprise, that the Internet charges and exercise fees were not included in my conference fee as I was told at check-in. Since I needed to catch a flight I didn’t have time to ask for a manager, or argue with the attendant, I asked for an address to write the hotel management. I’m not confident I’ll receive a reply, however; especially since I didn't deposit thousands of $$ in their casino gambling.SummaryIf you’re a gambler, smoker and like to drink, you’ll just love this hotel, especially if you’re tied to a budget. I did find the prices for food and beverages in Las Vegas to be on the very high side along the strip; and I live in a high cost of living area – Washington, DC. If you decide to stay at Bally’s, be sure to request a room on the south side, away from Flamingo Road, otherwise bring some heavy duty ear plugs (or get totally drunk) if you plan to sleep comfortably at night. BTW - the Jubilee show was a enjoyable and a good value at $35 after a discount coupon. This was my last trip to Las Vegas.	
Oct 22 2009 	Bally's Las Vegas	beautiful, great hotel...the best broadway type show around...great gaming &amp; lessons on blackjack	
Oct 22 2009	Bally's was a bad choice...	My sister and I stayed at Bally's from Oct 9 to the 12th, I have never been so disappointed. We initally were going to stay at the Monte Carlo but I husband said oh you should stay at Bally's they have better reveiws....I never stayed there before so I had no idea so I took his word for it, what a mistake that was. Our room wasn't cleaned, all they did was change the sheets I am sure. The bathroom smelled of urine and there was a beer bottle cap on the bathroom floor in plain sight. Every counter in the room had sticky glass stains on them....We were disgusted, so we complained. They moved us, it appeared to be a bit better. Only for us to notice later that there was a small vomit stain on the carpet. We should of known as soon as we arrived outside the hotel that it was going to be a bad choice. There we street people hanging outside the entrance, drunk and loud. Here we had dreams of a beautiful hotel......NOTWe went to check out the Monte Carlo the next day, what a beautiful place. There will be no confusion next time we go, we will definatly NOT be staying at Bally's.	
Oct 21 2009 	Exellent Location and Value	This hotel was just what we wanted. It is a little older than other Vegas hotels but a lot cheaper. It is so close to all the other hotels, and bars and clubs. Room service was great, room clean, bar service good. Entertainment in hotel was good, live music most nights. If you want a value hotel in the heart of the strip this is it. I am not really a gambler so cant comment on the casino other than it was fun for a few minutes of video poker at the bar. The only thing that let it down slightly...some food was left outside people's doors for over 24 hours. But the room service we had was good.Also FYI...we visited friends at the MGM grand...much pricier...their room was much smaller than ours at Bally's...	
Oct 20 2009 	Dated but good value	We stayed here April of 2009 and had a good stay. We were on the 15th floor, which had low ceilings, and shows of a bit of wear- this was in the renovated area as well. The rooms were good size and decent amenities. $20 for the front desk clerk upgraded our room from the south tower to the north tower. There was almost always long lines to check in, I checked in around 8pm on a Thursday and it was ok but Friday morning the lines were huge, probally took an hour to check in so FYI. The pool is a bit of a walk but actually pretty nice. For those living in luxury they have drink girls coming around all the time and cabanas for rent. Oh yeah there is a guy that runs the evenging electronic roullete that is a blast!	
Oct 20 2009 	Very Nice Stay	Just back from three nights at Bally's. We were given the South wing and didn't want to pay an extra $20/night for the north wing. The room was huge and we had a view of the Strip and Bellogio Fountains. Windows were dirty, but the rest of the room was clean and servered our needs just fine. We had no complaints at all about the staff and the facility. An intersting note, when we arrived at our room, there were two empty glasses in the hall. After three days, they were both still there. Several room service dishes had been picked up thoughout our stay, but for some reason, glasses stayed in the hall. All in all we were very satisfied with our stay at Bally's.	
Oct 19 2009 	Nothing special.	I arrived at 1PM, room not ready, told to come back at 4PM. I came back at 5PM, to be on the safe-side, room still not ready. They said they had a room next to my original room that was ready, fine. I stayed in the South Tower, Room 5527, for $62 per night. It was a standard room, two queen beds, basic furnishings, nothing special; the room was clean. I had a nice view of the Paris Eiffel Tower, and the room was surprisingly very quiet, I never heard any other guests. There was absolutely nothing special about this hotel, just basic accommodations, which was fine since I didn't plan to spend much time in the room. I was annoyed that there was no coffee-maker in the room, and a basic cup of coffee downstairs was $3! And on my last day I was annoyed to find out they wanted to charge me $4 to print a boarding pass, without telling me there was a fee before they printed it and held it in front of me - I left her there holding it. Customer service-wise I had a negative start and a negative finish, and there was nothing special about the middle to make me forget those two incidents, so probably wouldn't go back.	
Oct 18 2009 	Nothing fancy affordable and fun!	Out of all the hotels we walked through and visited, Bally's was one of the shabbiest. However, it was very affordable, and connected to Paris, which had better eating, shopping, and swimming. We walked and played all day, and used our room to crash, so we were exceedingly happy! However, if you're looking for something fancier, Caesar's or Mandelay Bay were my favorites.	
Oct 14 2009	Las Vegas - A trip for all	Over the years I have seen Las Vegas expand and become a multi - faceted stop for one &amp; all. Aside from the gambling; everyone in the family can marvey at the sights &amp; sounds. Bally's is a hotel that fits this new image!	
Oct 13 2009	South Tower - Peachy Keen	I needed a room for one night. I was a offered a comp room, but only in the South Tower. I was reluctant based on negative reviews. It was fine. Yea, there are some things that make it less than a perfect room; the dresser was chipped, the headboard is from the 70's, and the last time the windows were washed is when Clinton was in office. But having said that, it is a great room. It is very, very spacious, including the bathroom. The beds are comfortable. The carpet appeared to be new. And the room was spotlessly clean. We were on the 18th floor and the views looking south were spectular. The last time I paid extra for a room with a view in the North Tower. The only view we had was of the South Tower, which has the real views. The value and location cannot be beat.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great value and location!	This is a dated hotel but for the cost and the location on the strip it is great. The room was large and clean. Highly recommend if you can get a good deal.	
Oct 13 2009 	Perfect location clean spacious affordable.	Stayed here for a quickie weekend trip. Right on the strip, next to Paris, and with one of the cheapest rooms in the South Tower we could still see the fountain show at the Bellagio across the street. If they offer you an &quot;upgraded&quot; more modern room for $20 per night I wouldn't take it - we didn't, and our room was just fine! Huge for just the two of us. The pool was a little dated, but the sun in Vegas is the same everywhere, so no complaints. The best thing about Bally's is its location: almost centered on the strip.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good location good value.	We stayed for a week in Sept 2009. Upon check in our booked room was not available so we got put in a suite (with a fridge) for our first night and then we got moved to the other tower for the rest of the week (view of the strip).Both rooms I felt were of a great size, both were very clean and I could of stayed happily in either but to be honest the view of the strip would win over a fridge. Especially when you could get ice from the vending machine in hall. I wouldn't say there was much between the two rooms in either tower to be honest.I read some dodgy reviews beforehand but I wouldnt agree with them at all. Ive stayed in much worse hotels in the UK that were supposed to be 4 star. Maybe in the UK we dont expect too much - especially if you have ever stayed in London shoebox size rooms.The location is good - very central. Nice being connected to Paris too. Overall I thought it was great value.	
Oct 12 2009 	Central	Stayed for three nights in the north tower with five friends. The stay was fine but the hotel is in need of a renovation. That said the room was clean. The moving sidewalk was broken down for four days, we were all healthy but this caused difficulties for handicapped persons. We were charged $20 more per night for an upgrade, I didn't see anything that was upgraded.Great live entertainment in the lounge.	
Oct 12 2009 	Big Hotel Big Problems	Bally's is what it is. That being said, there were a few problems with our stay. The windows are filthy, the pillows non existent, the carpet in my room was wet and the shower has mold. The shower head should just be removed-you'd get a better wash with just a hose. Everything is too expensive ($6 for a diet coke at the pool?!) and we had some random person knock on our door at 1am saying they were housekeeping.The plus side is that the staff is friendly, the rooms are HUGE and the casino pays off.	
Oct 11 2009 	Wonderful	Our room was in the South Tower and was great, very clean and the bathroom was large. Plenty of closet space. Our room faced Paris Hotel &amp; Casino and we could see the water show at Bellagio. I was surprised that the Hotel was built in 1973, I didn't think it was that old. They must of made improvements because a lot of things looked fairly new. The hotel has easy access to the strip. The only thing we didn't like was we arrived at 9:00 am and couldn't get in our room until 3:00 pm. Checked in our luggage went to eat and took a long walk to see the Hard Rock Casino by the time we got back around 2:00 pm we finally could get in our room.	
Oct 11 2009	Always a Great Getaway	From staying at Ballys to gambling the night away we had a great time. We checked out the new &quot;M&quot; and loved it. The buffet was fabulous and the slots were good to us. Enjoy the weather, the drinks and the people watching.	
Oct 9 2009 	Bally's North Tower is the Place to Stay	Bally's North Tower room was fabulous! Very spacious and very clean. Check in line was long but got through it painlessly. Michael was the clerk who checked us in and was very, very kind and accomodating. We appreciate Michael going above and beyond the call of duty to take care of Bally's customers during check in.We read some bad reviews about Bally's, but we had a great time there and enjoyed our stay. The slots did not pay out very well at all, but we just moved on to other Casinos to Gamble. Go to Bill's Gamblin, they seemed to have looser slots.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location on the strip for a great price!	Bally's is not the most luxurious or pretty hotel on the strip, but for 4 guys out to enjoy themselves in Vegas it was the perfect setting. The staff at check in were great, we got rooms facing each other and sped through the whole process.The hotel is clean, rooms are good too, especially considering what we're paying. What really makes Bally's a selling point? Free access to the pool to relax after a long night of partying and the LOCATION. Middle of the strip, who could ask for anything better? You're minutes walk away from the heart of all the action and a quick cab ride gets you to places that are a little too distant to walk. I would definitely stay here again if I'm looking for a good deal. Its not the ritz and glamour of some of the other hotels on the strip...but really, how often are you staying in your room anyway and who cares so long as the beds are comfortable and the sheets are clean?	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location great comps great people 	My wife and I and a friend and his wife stayed at Bally's Sept. 27 thru Oct 2, 2009. We have stayed there several times over the past few years. The pros to our stay were the same as in the past ie., location, comps, maid service and valet personnel. (Sorry to hear that Travistine is retiring!). The cons were being told that a specific room (2168) was being flagged as we had stayed there back in May (it wasn't per Michael at checkin), a charge of $10 plus tax for making our reservation over the phone (it was credited after a lengthy discussion and being told that we were made aware of the charge when making the reservation (WE WERE NOT!), and the up charge of $20/night plus tax for the North Tower. We have stayed in the North Tower many, many times with NO up charge. The road construction noise at night was a bit disturbing, but we were warned this trip and the one in May. Not a big deal....Also,, our view was not the best, but again, not a big deal as we do not spend a lot of time in our room looking out the window. However, we have made a future reservation for May 2-7, 2010 and plan to continue to stay at Bally's when visiting Vegas regardless of these cons. Yes, the checkin lines are a little long, but again, the checkin personnel are very customer oriented and always will ing to answer any questions one has.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location clean and comfortable nothing spectacular.	Excellent price at that time; good central location.Front desk put our 2 couple family just across the hall from each other.Breakfast restaurant had very slow service; not enough wait help to take orders; only O.K. food.Rooms in north tower were big; our room overlooked street, so was some street noise at night.Room service was prompt, as was a request for extra coffee suppies from housekeeping.	
Oct 9 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	This was our 8th trip to LV in 11 years. We've made a successful effort to try every decent hotel on the strip and have yet to stay at the same place twice. After reading several yucky reviews, I was a little apprehensive about staying at Bally's. But our room was comped 3 of a 4 night stay, so it was a no brainer to try it out. Stayed 10/3 - 10/7 and was very satisfied. Check-in was easy and pleasant with our players' award status. We were on the 15th floor of the North Tower. Room was clean, well maintained. Not much of a view, but we weren't bothered by that. Housekeeping was very efficient and we have absolutely no complaints. Very pleased with overall room accomodations. If there is anything negative to say, it would be for the thin walls. A flock of females stayed in the room next to us for one night, got up at the crack of dawn and talked ALL MORNING NONSTOP. If my husband and I weren't so intent on blocking out their conversation and trying to sleep, we could probably reiterate their discussions word for word. That only lasted one day. We never really won anything at the casino either. But that was okay. With the proximity of the other casinos, we could go just about anywhere we wanted. Anyway, for what we paid, we were very pleased and would definitely stay here again. I've found that Harrah's properties are very generous on their room comps and discounted rates for players' club members.	
Oct 9 2009 	great location	I stayed Ballys last year. I booked a standard non smoking room. However all the non-smoking rooms are full when we arrived there. Without we complained, they put us in a great suite room. It has great location and walk distance into everywhere such as Paris, Bellagio, Ceasars, MGM, Rio, Planet Hollywood. Although it is a old hotel when I compared with the other hotels in Las Vegas, it is still in very good condition. I will be staying here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	SAME-O SAME-O	Booked Bally's as our friends who were going with us chose to stay there. It was fine with a great location. Service was friendly except for one crabby telephone operator who barked like Pluto when we called asking for a wake up call. Room was large and clean as was the bathroom, YES, the windows really need to be cleaned! Beware that if you make a &quot;toll free&quot; call they will charge you $1.25 per call even though it's supposed to be free. If you want to use your computer it will cost $13.99 a day, business center computer use across the way at Paris costs an obscene and whopping $5.00 for 5 minutes and over a dollar just to make a copy. Cab drivers told us 'Vegas is nickel and dimeing everyone due to the ongoing recession. We didn't eat at the hotel but the food courts seemed more or less reasonable. All in all I would stay there again if only for the location. Yes, the place needs a redo but for sleeping and stowing your gear it is fine.	
Oct 8 2009 	great value and great location	We stayed here just one night for a conference , and the room was spacious. The location is great , being central to everything. We'd definitely stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Its serves its' purpose	Stayed in North Tower. The Room was big, nice and clean. The pool was okay, rented a Cabana, it was outdated compared to the other hotels. My only problem with this hotel is that the lobby is right next to the Casino. Although Vegas is a smokey place, the lobby reaks of smoke and you cant avoid it. Other than that the location is great in the heart of the Strip!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Place - Great Price	This was our first time staying at Bally's. We chose the hotel based on it's affordable price and the best location on the busiest, or at least most famous intersection in Vegas. We were extremely pleased. The rooms were very spacious and provided an additional seating area away with a view. The rooms were in very clean condition with up to date decor. We stayed in the older tower section. We were easily able to room about the city and cover each end on foot or by bus and could easily find our way around and navigate with no problem back to home base at Bally's. There is a liquor and smoke shop out the side of the buiding and cheap dining in the block behind the building. I see no need to ever look around for hotel options again. My husband and myself were both pleasantly surprised and now recommend this location to anyone inquiring on where to stay. We had stayed several other places in the past, including other strip hotels, off strip hotels and downtown hotels. By far, this was the best value we had encountered yet. You do need to sign up for their e-mail specials to get the best rates. I had called and inquired after our initial booking because I saw a lower fare offered through the internet. I had no problem in obtaining the lower rate in one quick, easy phone call. On the flip side, the only downfall I can fault them for it no pool.	
Oct 8 2009 	Love it here...	Bally's is one of the older sites on the strip, but I LOVE the location! It's so easy to get most anywhere on the strip from there. I have always stayed in the North Tower, so can't say anything about the South Tower. The rooms have been great...extremely large, very clean, etc. I really haven't had any bad experience there so far. I know it's an older hotel, but hey, I'm older too, so it works for me! On my last visit, as soon as I came in the room, I noticed that the glass in one of the pictures on the wall had been shattered by a previous tenant. I immediately called housekeeping and asked them to come take care of it because I didn't want to worry about the rest of the glass falling out, nor did I want to be blamed for the problem at checkout. Someone was there from maintenance in less than 5 minutes and removed the picture and cleaned up around it. I was fairly impressed. Overall, a great value and great location. Will probably always stay at Bally's!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect stay	This hotel is on the strip and the best hotel to stay for a reasonable amount	
Oct 8 2009 	Ballys modest quality on the strip	My recent stay at Ballys a middle of the road experience. The room was large and clean, but we were unable to get a non smoking room and had to settle for a smoking room. The lines for checkin were short, but slow.The best aspect of the hotel is that it is on the strip and you can walk to most of the newer and more interesting hotel casinos.	
Oct 8 2009 	Better than expected!	I know Bally's has been around for awhile, so I didn't expect much when arriving at the room, but I was pleasantly surprised! I believe they've done some recent remodeling, and the room was beautiful. The furniture, decor, and bedding were clean and seemed new. I have nothing negative to say!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good value.	The location and price are great. I agree with the others that the casino is very smokey and there is no way to get to the elevator without walking through the casino. Also the hotel is far in off the street and it takes forever to get inside. Sometimes the moving sidewalk was broken. Our room was also what seemed like a mile away from the elevator. However the room was very quiet and well maintained.	
Oct 8 2009 	Vegas	we had a beautiful room with a view of the Bellagio hotel water work's. A big tub. The service was excellent. The room was clean. I thought that it was really nice of the dealer's to let me sit down at the blackjack tables and watch my husband play as I don't play. I love the Fact that you can smoke in the casino's! It was awesome I can't wait to go again. We went and saw Jay Leno &amp; Carrott top and Elton John. They all were good show's. Elton John let some of us come up on stage and dance well he performed!!!	
Oct 6 2009 	Central Strip for a nice price...	Hi,Last september we visited Vegas for the 3th time and initially booked a room at the Stratosphere.We always want to have a good time but do take a look at the budget.After reading a couple of reviews we decided we wanted a room more to the centre of the Strip. After we found a good promotion we cancelled and book a room at Bally's.We went for a room in the older South tower and arrived at about 1pm at the check-in.The rooms were not ready at the time so we were asked to wait about 30 minutes.Only a room next to the elevator was free and she adviced us to wait for another one.I tried to get a free upgrade to the newer rooms but without luck because there was a convention going on.We returned to the desk 2 times and both times the rooms still were not ready.So we went for some shopping and returned at 5pm.Without even asking the person behind the counter offered us a free upgrade to the newer rooms. Ofcourse we acceptedThe rooms were perfect, spacey, clean and the interior looked new.We had a very nice stay there for 3 nights.We used the buffet at Paris which is next to Ballys.	
Oct 5 2009 	Bally's was a great place to stay on our first trip to Vegas!	I did alot of research before booking our trip.I must say I was a little bit concerned with all the negative reviews I read but decided to book at Bally's because of its location.I am sure glad I did. I had a great stay there. They upgraded us to a jacuzzi suite the first night which was a nice surprise.Beautiful room in the North Tower.The next night they moved us to a King Room just down the hall.It was also a very nice room.All of the staff,from front desk to housekeeping to restaurant, were extremely friendly.The Casino was a little bit smokier than I would like,but if people are aloud to smoke inside then that is what you get.It was a little better at The Paris (which is attached to Bally's) because they have higher ceilings.All in all it was a very pleasant stay.The mid-strip location is also great because several other casinos are within easy walking distance.For the price I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location on the strip and great value	We paid just $88 incl tax, for 2 nights in a deluxe North Tower room at Ballys. The room was excellent, plenty large enough, not much of a view but very nice. Ballys is excellently located in centre strip and also very close to a monorail station. It shares a common area with the Paris hotel where the shops and restaurants are (in a mock Paris setting). We've stayed in a number of Vegas hotels (including the Paris) and Ballys compares very favourably at a much better price. The Paris is more expensive and, there isn't really any advantage in staying at the Paris (they are both Harrah's hotels) - the rooms are no better.We'd definitely stay there again.	
Oct 4 2009	Better Values Available	After reading good and not so good reviews, I really wanted to like Bally's. I do not consider myself overly picky. Unfortunately, I would have to take a pass on staying here again. There are too many other options available. Check-In: Yes, the line was long. Although it did move fast and Vicky who was directing traffic was pleasant and helpful.Room: North Tower given at check-in. Didn't ask for or pay extra. Had visible pieces of paper and bobby pins laying on floor next to bed that was missed from prior occupant. Not terribly upsetting - but starts you to wonder. Found someone elses dirty makeup wedge in the towel shelf. Moved it towards edge and figured they would get the next day. Didn't happen. Ran out of toilet paper one morning, just as we left room. Moved tissue box from sink to back of toilet and figured they would replace TP during cleaning. Didn't happen. But we did get another box of tissue by the sink and another next to the one on the back of the toilet. ???? Had to call to get TP. Charged for safe - can get it free at other places.Cleanliness: Dirty dishes left for days in hallway. Parents down another wing. Mother saw housekeeping supervisor and asked about it. Was told it &quot;wasn't their job&quot;. But she would call room service. 2 days later the dishes were still there.Service: Cocktail waitresses really scarce. This seemed to be the norm on the strip. (Except at Casino Royale) We had excellent service at the places on Fremont. Never waited more than a couple minutes for a CW to pass by.Overall there are too many other options available and will try somewhere else for our next trip.By the way, we saw Mystere and it was great!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Bally's Was Totally Awesome	I just returned from staying at Bally's, spent 3 nights and they were comped. Bally's was going to put me in the South Tower but I upgraded to the North Tower for $20 per night. It was a wise decision on my part. The room was HUGE, new carpeting, lamps, furnishings, etc. The windows were floor to ceiling, plenty of lighting in the room. Bed was firm, good quality linens on the bed including the comforter and pillows. The bathroom was large with a marble vanity, also had a dressing room with another marble vanity with a sink. Room had a coffee maker, safe, iron and ironing board, mirrors were everywhere. When I travel I don't leave items laying around in the room when I leave for the day and I also put any trash in the trash cans. Housekeeping no doubt appreciated my cleanliness as they left triple the amount of coffee &amp; toiletries in the room after cleaning. I had fresh towels &amp; linens every day. Room was immaculate as were the halls in the hotel. The room was so large that by the time I got ready to leave in the morning I was tired from all the walking in the room.I stay away from buffets as they are way overpriced &amp; I can't eat that much food but I decided to try the buffet at Imperial Palace. It has to be the worst buffet in Vegas. Several of the smaller casino cafes have excellent food &amp; it is reasonably priced.I highly recommend Bally's. I read hotel reviews &amp; was hestitant about Bally's but they far exceeded my expectations. So many travelers complain but they should remember to always treat someone as they want to be treated. It doesn't pay to be nasty when dealing with anyone. My next trip to Vegas I will stay at Bally's!!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Cheap but showing its age	I stayed here for three nights with my wife.On the plus side it wasn't expensive, rooms were a reasonable size and clean and it is opposite the Bellagio.On the minus side is the $14/ day for internet access, $3/day for the safe and $1.35 charge to make a phone call, even 800 or a local number. The hotel, casino and pool are looking a little tired The casino is a smoke filled room. Next time I'm in LV I think I'll spend a little more and stay somewhere a little classier.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed at Ballys Sept. 27 to Oct. 1/09 I had a nice room, with a good view. It was clean, and I received regular cleaning every day. The front desk staff were helpful. My only complaint for this hotel and all places to gamble in Vegas was the smoking. I am allergic and couldn't stand to be in the Casino. Otherwise, great location. Enjoyed it alot!	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Experience at Bally's	I spent three days at Bally's and had a great experience. My room was upgraded to a Grand Suite; the marble spa area and large sitting areas were great. I was very impressed with the service on the casino floor and everyone was friendly. You cannot beat the location or the value. The workout room is quite good for a hotel and had a lot of free weights.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good location on the Strip expensive food 	We stayed at Bally's on the Strip. It is fairly close to everything. We were told before we arrived that there would be a coffee maker in our room, but when we checked in, they knew nothing about a coffee maker &amp; said they had been taken out of the rooms some time ago. Therefore, we paid $3 per cup each morning in the lobby. We ate at their &quot;Sidewalk Cafe&quot; one morning &amp; paid $30 for a very basic breakfast.The rooms are quite spacious &amp; clean but the windows are so dirty, you can hardly see out of them.	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent value on the strip	Check in was quick and efficient. Staff were polite and helpful. Be prepared for a lengthy walk from the car park to reception through the Paris hotel. The room was very spacious, clean and had good storage. Air conditioning was good and not too noisy. Despite being on the strip and being warned about roadworks outside the hotel, it was quiet and we weren't disturbed. The room was cleaned daily. The bathroom was a good size and very clean. There was an in room safe but no fridge. The hotel only has a couple of restaurants. You can eat better and more cheaply in other hotels. The spa is very expensive and the gym costs $22 a day! The pool was a good size and clean apart from the odd cigarette butt around. Location of the hotel, mid strip and opposite Bellagio was excellent. We would thoroughly recommend Ballys as a place to stay in Las Vegas. It's not too glamorous but for the price it's great.	
Sep 30 2009 	Center of the strip	It is nice and enough space in a room.I think it is reasonable price for space in Las Vegas hotels.Usually, rooms are small in this area because hotels want us to come out to visit casino, but this hotel has enough space for money.	
Sep 29 2009 	What a great place to stay!	My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay at Bally's - Sept 20th - 24th. On previous trips we have stayed at the Flamingo and Bill's Gambling Hall and even tho we had read some rather bad reviews about Bally's we decided to give it a try. Check in took maybe 15 minutes and the desk clerk was as nice as could be. She did ask if we wanted to upgrade our South Tower room and we said no. We had reserved a king non-smoking room and there weren't any available at that time but she found us a non-smoking room with 2 queen beds and that was fine with us. The elevator to the South Tower is right off the casino floor (not far from the main hotel entrance) and our room was about halfway down the hall after exiting the elevator. We opened the door and I was delighted. The room was the largest we had ever had and the bathroom arrangement was great. The room was neat and clean and didn't smell bad. We had a great view of Bill's Gambling Hall and the strip. Yes, the windows weren't as clean as they could be but we didn't come to Vegas to stand and stare out of them. Water pressure in the shower could have blown you out of the tub and we had shower doors and not a shower curtain.Location of Bally's is just the best you can ask for. You can walk out to the front of the hotel and sit and watch the fountains at Bellagio, take the elevated crosswalks to Ceasars, Bill's etc. The connection to the Paris is an added plus for shopping or dining. There are some cheaper places to eat at Bally's downstairs and also some shops. All in all you couldn't ask for a better location. Bally's will be at the top of our list when we return to Vegas next year.	
Sep 29 2009	Ballys Las Vegas - would stay again	I would definitely stay at this hotel again. It is right in the middle of the strip and the monorail is within this hotel. We had an upgraded room. Beds were extremely comfortable; air conditioning was within our control; big screen TV; bathroom was outstanding - all marble, new fixtures.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good hotel great location	This was our third time staying at Ballys and we've never been disappointed. Of course the central location is the best advantage for the hotel which has been around a few years now, but it seems to be well maintained to my eyes. We got a $40 a night rate in the south tower which really can't be beat for the strip(ouside of the IPee).We arrived at 9:00 pm on a Sunday night and were told that there was no non-smoking rooms available and asked if we wanted a smoking room instead. No thanks. Well she said we can put you up in a suite for tonight. Uh...okay. If we liked it we could pay an extra $50 a night and stay there. The suite(in the north tower on the 15th floor) included a jacuzzi tub and his and her sinks and a bidet! It also faced the strip but really between the south tower and Paris next door the strip view was limited. The room was nice for the night but we couldn't justify paying extra for the next 4 nights. The next afternoon we were moved down the hall on the same floor to a standard room facing north. I guess considering we were booked for the south tower this was considered a free upgrade so that was ok. Having stayed in south tower rooms on previous trips these rooms are a little better but if you really want a strip view stay in the south tower.Beds were a little hard i thought, even in the suite but the rooms themselves are quite large compared to pricier rooms on the strip i've stayed in. Housekeeping was consistent and our room was always cleaned when we returned later in the day. There doesn't seem to be any outstanding restaurant at Ballys so we didn't eat there much except for coffe/muffins and fast food. The coffee shop is NOT 24 hours unlike most in the strip hotels. The moving sidewalks out front were hit and miss as far as working and the time share people out front didn't seem to be as annoying as usual.VP here as in most Harrahs properties is generally terrible so go elsewhere for that. Don't know much about table games since i play VP exclusively. Paris next door has a generally nicer casino to me.All in all I can recommend Ballys for the good rates and location. Don't expect fancy of course.Just one quick note-check your bill before you leave. We were charged for the in-room safe($3 a day) every night even though we didn't use it. It was taken off the bill when we complained.	
Sep 27 2009 	Don't Stay here.	Was the worst experience ever. Staff could not help us with information about anything.If you wanta fridge you have to hire it. no coffee in rooms, Internet is $14 a day Should have stayed in old Vegas EVERYTHING is cheaper. eg. Food everyday goods. stores, everything happens in older area. and people are more helpfull.just a better atmosphere altogether. All staff Know nothing could not answer any Questions about anything ( not sure why they have jobs ) Room service leave trolly in hallway for 24 hrs or longer. ALSO had to wait 3 hrs for room check in.they did up grade room as I could have stayed in Australia and seen a Car park. had Freinds from USA and they are just as upset with this Hotel so it's not just my view. If you stay here don't say you are not per warned.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great location good price	Bally's was well located as it was in the middle of the strip, right in front of Bellagio's. The hotel was also linked to the monorail. What I liked the most was that it was directly linked to Paris which was very, very beautiful. The restaurants and shops were wonderful.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Location -- Great Rooms!!!	One big downside -- I got tired of being accosted by people trying to sell me a timeshare EVERY TIME I GOT NEAR THE FRONT DOOR!!!! Most hotels in Vegas have these people and they are very annoying!!!! Booked this trip (with my mother, sister and brother) through Expedia. We traveled from West Virginia to Las Vegas and arrived about 10:00 a.m. on a Sunday. Check in was smooth, but they couldn't get us four rooms on the same floor at that time of day. We opted for two rooms on one floor and two rooms on another floor (none adjacent). We were given the option of waiting until later in the day to check in, but decided not to do that due to expected crowds -- which there were. I was on the 9th floor in the south towar and from my room, I could see the Eiffel Tower and the fountains of Bellagio (through a VERY DIRTY window). I could also hear the music from the Bellagio and the traffic on the street below. These things didn't really bother me. Room was nice and large. Food is expensive - a pretzel and 20 oz. Diet Coke was almost $10. Slots were stingy. But .... the location is the best -- right across the street from Ceasar's and the Bellagio. No free internet. Internet costs $14 per day. I was able to live without it. We did the speedy checkout. Overall, well worth the money.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great stay for the price	BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: If Wynn, Bellagio and Caesars are considered Five Star then Ballys is a Three Star. For an affordable getaway or extended stay (my case) this place is great. The location was perfect and the service solidly professional, but the facility is undoubtedly dated and it shows. Good value for the money I spent., but NO microwave. Amenities: Fridge (depends on room), coffee maker, iron, ironing board, safe, shampoo, conditioner, and lotion. I would stay again.Purpose of stay: multiple week business trip. PARKING: Very accessible, especially when you get familiar with all the different entrances/exits. However, parking is a long way from the front desk. So don’t overload yourself if you’re just checking in. Grab what you need and come back for the rest later because it’s a hike.ROOM: The room was 3.5-4 stars in my book. It was definitely spacious with a sofa, a round table for four, a bar area with a small refrigerator, a small single basin sink, counter space where the ice bucket, glasses, and coffee maker sat. There was also some storage space beneath the sink for dry goods. The bed was spacious (can’t remember if it was a king or queen) and comfortable after a long day of work, but it was a Murphy bed; the type that can be pushed/folded up into the wall.Opposite the bed was a hutch with a medium size tv and clothes drawers. Next to it was a work desk.The bathroom was also spacious with a lot of room to move around for one person. The small hall leading to the bathroom had a double closet with sliding mirrored doors on one side. Inside was the safe, iron, and ironing board. On the other side that was a vanity area with a counter, lamp and large mirror.Room cons: 1) No microwave. 2) Regarding the bed: because a Murphy bed sits on a platform, I constantly stubbed my toes and hit my ankles on it which was very annoying. 3) Regarding being attached to two other rooms: well, I had doors leading to them. Therefore when neighbors were present I could hear their conversations as well as whatever else they were doing – esp. after midnight (wink, wink).ENTERTAINMENT: There was a variety of evening entertainment available because Ballys and Paris casinos are co-located. The transition area between the two hotels features a piano bar, restaurants, and shops. In the Ballys casino area there is a small music venue that has a band every nite - definitely a decent place to unwind and meet new people. POOL: Located at the lowest level. Pool was a plus. Expansive; it was a great social gathering area particularly on the weekend when DJs were mixing music with contests, etc. The only detracting thing was when show promoters came walking through pushing tickets and show times. FITNESS/SPA: Located at the lowest level. So so. I’m a weight lifter who likes his cardio. The spa is located in the lower level and costs $ (I paid $26 per visit which entitles you to use the gym and spa assets, but not treatments. You are able to go in/out all day for your fee). They opened at 6:30 am (which was too late for me) and they stayed open until 7pm. My best value was the weekends when I could get in an early workout, come back in the afternoon for a later workout then come back in after a day at the pool and take in a sauna, sit in a hot or cold tub (there are 3 – warm, hot, ice cold) and then indulge in using their shaving and toiletries accessories to get ready for dinner. This included complimentary use of bath robe, slippers and towels as well as free beverages and fruit. The staff was very friendly and attentive.FOOD: Located at the lowest level. A number of eateries. There was Sbarro Italian food (chain store) in a cafeteria line format offering anything from pizza to main courses. Nathan’s Hot Dogs was there (chain store) also. There is also an excellent little non chain Japanese restaurant named Ichiban offering sushi and main dishes that are reasonably priced given the location (good value for your money). There are also a few candy and ice cream stores/kiosks as well as numerous tourist shops as well.SERVICE: Five stars. All the staff was courteous, helpful, professional, and friendly. I do not recommend using the quick check out. Although you can view your bill on the TV I still had some issues that took some time to get resolved once I got home to file my business expenses.If you book online, make sure you are charged your online booking fee only once. When I got my bill I had been charged the $10.00 fee for every day of my stay.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great stay at Bally's Las Vegas	I stayed here September 12 - 19th and have absolutely no complaints about Bally's. We checked in around 11 a.m. but the room wasn't ready which we expected, so we put our bags into storage till later in the day. We were staying in the South Tower and I actually liked being there. From the front door, it was close to get to the elevator bank. The room was huge - plenty of room around the 2 queen beds. The bathroom was also extra large and clean. The windows were dirty, but how much do you really look out the window? If you looked out from further back in the room, it made no difference as we had a great view to Ceasars, Bills, Flamingo and Mirage. The bed was very comfortable. The t.v. worked well for as much as we used it, and the chest of drawers, while not brand new, served it's purpose well. The hallways were clean and the cleaning staff always cleaned our room when we were out daily. Be sure to leave a tip for them at the end of your trip - they work hard for you as well! We used Nosh for our coffee in the mornings which was convenient. The pool, while a fair distance from the South Tower, is not that bad of a walk relative to the amount of walking you do in Vegas. The pool set up is nice as I could do some laps in the deep end. I enjoyed not having the loungers right beside each other like it is at Flamingo. Also, the music playing was easy to listen to, not Rap, and was a good variety of rock, soft rock, and country. Although we never ordered any beverages, it looked like they were good. There also are enough areas to get shade if you need it. The sports book looked extremely busy, especially for NFL football. There are a few cafe's close to the sports book too that would be useful, although we never had anything. The casino itself seemed to be busy most of the time, especially in the evenings. All in all, I would DEFINITELY stay there again and have no complaints. It is great value and a great location being the centre of the strip. The garden area in front of the casino is also well maintained and while most people took the moving sidewalks, we enjoyed walking through the garden area. There are beautiful roses, daylillies and geraniums to enjoy in what is mostly a concrete city. Thanks Ballys, we will be back!	
Sep 23 2009 	Bally's never disappoints!	My stay at Bally's (an Harrah's property) was from 9/13/09 to 9/15/09. Another hotel part of the Monorail system; I needed to go to the Convention Center daily and still wanted to be on the Strip. I booked this hotel sometime in April &amp; the rate was awesome! When I arrived at Bally's (10:30am), I was offered an upgrade (for only $20 more a day) to the North Tower Suites. Definitely worth the $! Bally's is directly across from the Bellagio, the Palazzo &amp; Cesar's Palace. Just perfect! My only regret is that I didn't stay at the Bally's my entire trip! Oh well, next time &amp; there will be a next time!	
Sep 23 2009 	Total Rewards Card a Must at all Harrah's Properties!!	I am a moderate level gambler, I mostly play $15 blackjack, sometimes $25, I play a couple hundred dollars a day. I travel to Vegas a lot for work (about 4-5 times a year). One my last trip my Total Rewards Gold card was promoted to a Platinum status. But even before getting the upgrade I would get EXCELLENT room rates when I logged into my account through the Harrah's website. Usually completely free rooms Sunday-Thursday at the lower end of the spectrum of the Harrah's casino's Bally's being one of the lower. This last stay I was able to get 4 nights (including Friday and Saturday) all comped via their online booking system. Upon arrival at the hotel I found there were about 40 people in the check-in line. There was a sign posted that all Diamond and Platinum members could check-in at the Diamond check-in which is behind glass doors next to the Bell desk. There was no one else in there and I was able to check-in right away, I was also upgraded to teh North Tower free of charge without even asking. The room was great, I was especially impressed with the bathroom it was very nice. While gambling I received some other perks for having a Platinum card, on Friday and Saturday nights the line for the cashier cage would be pretty long, they had a special line just for diamond and platinum members which was usually open or just had 1 person in line. They do strictly enforce this line and check for your card. Also I recommend the crepe stand between Bally's and Paris, with every order your receipt has an offer for $5 off the dinner buffet (which is right across from the crepe stand) for upto 4 people, so as much as $20 off for buying a $10 crepe, that's a good deal and the crepes are great too! Remember to use your Total Rewards card at all their restaurants (you earn points for your food purchases) and at the gift shops you receive a discount, 10% for gold, 15% for platinum, etc. It's a great deal!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Stick of dynamite anyone???	Need I say anymore. This place needs to be demolished and built again. Everything is wrong with it. The entrance, the layout, the staff, the reception, the decor. On arrival, following a 5 hour drive, we were met by the grumpiest receptionist I have ever encountered. To be fair to her there was a mariachi band playing literally at the end of the reception area. She was unable to hear me say my name and had to take it from my passport! We were then told that they had no non-smoking rooms left and were being put in a suite for one night, to then have to move the next for the remaining 4 nights. This was not ideal and very inconvenient but I understand these things happen. Getting an upgrade to a suite you would think we would be lucky to see how the opther half live for a night.....WRONG! This was the vilest room I have ever seen. It was not durty but the decor was so outdated, I think it was older than me. Both the TV and the safe had been ripped from the wall, with the sockets hanging out. It was a vast room with the ugliest furniture I have ever seen spread around the walls, mismatched lamps, disgusting armchairs. To top it all, and to add to the 1980's adult movie theme there was a jacuzzi tub sitting at the top of 3 stairs next to the bed leading to the bathroom. So tacky! The bathroom area, again while not being dirty, was just awful. The tiled base to the shower cubicle had seen better days (probably 1981!) as had the towels. If this was a suite I would have hated to see the room they were planing on moving us to the next day. We were booked in to stay 5 nights but stayed less than 14 hours! We checked out and headed out to find a better hotel. We made a terrible mistake by booking this hotel. We thought that the location would make it a good choice. PLEASE dont make the same mistake as us. Pay that little bit extra for somewhere else. Staying here could possibly ruin your holiday to Las Vegas.	
Sep 15 2009 	THE PRICE IS RIGHT!!	This our second year in a row staying at Bally's and again it was great! I went to the Price is Right and had a ball! The room was very clean and always was refreshed. Their was plenty of room at the pool. The cocktail waitresses were much better here compared to other casinos. We will be back!	
Sep 15 2009 	Not fancy but very solid	Stayed here four nights with a buddy of mine for a long weekend to Las Vegas in June. Got a great rate on Orbitz, paid about $210 (with tax) for all four nights and was able to get an upgrade to the much nicer North Tower, where the rooms are much closer to the 3 1/2 star to 4 star rating Bally's Hotel gets. Still its nothing fancy but the rooms (in the North tower) are on par with a Hilton property. North Tower rooms also tend to have better views of the strip.One positive of Bally's is on the shuttles from the Las Vegas Airport they tend to be one of the first stops in that zone, and one of the last places to get picked up because their a bit closer to the airport, so there's not as much waiting involved on the bus and such. Check in lines can be long so be prepared for that, but other than that this is a good spot - location can't be beat across from Bellagio, and while Bally's doesn't have a buffet they give you coupons that can be used at Harrah's, Flamingo (both have excellent buffets), or Imperial Palace (cheap and not so good). Paris is also next door and their buffet is fancy. Plenty of clubs and nice pools within walking distance on the strip, and if you like to jog there is a map with a recommended jogging route in the guest directory which I appreciated.All in all I would stay here again whenever the price was right!	
Sep 14 2009 	Fun in Vegas	Stayed at Bally's over Labor Day week. We arrived at 10am and weren't able to check in until the 4:00 check in time. Even then our room wasn't showing &quot;ready&quot;. We were upgraded at no cost and without our asking. Bally's isn't the most updated hotel/casino on the strip but it is centrally located. They like the rest of Vegas are nickle and diming everyone to death from internet access, to various costs in the hotel. We used the pool every day during our stay and the staff were attentive. We had a great visit and will consider Bally's again for our next visit.	
Sep 12 2009 	Okay at Best	Stayed three nights at Bally’s Las Vegas with my girlfriend. Another couple we were going to Vegas with had a free room and were able to get us a deeply discounted rate. At that rate, I found Bally’s to be acceptable, but certainly not a memorable property.We stayed in the South Tower. Room was large but pretty banged up. Carpet, furniture and mattress were well past their prime and really need to be replaced. Can’t recall the last time I slept on a hotel mattress which sloped to the middle because it was so worn. TV was a mid-size tube variety with a decent selection of channels. Bathroom was fine and equally large.Harrah’s was definitely cutting down service levels at Bally’s to save money. The Sports Book was closed, we had to go to Paris to place bets. Also, the Total Rewards desk at Bally’s was closed. You could get a replacement card at the cashier cage or you had to head back over to Paris for all other transactions. Not exactly a full service hotel experience...The gaming is horrific. 7/5 Video Poker. 6-5 Black Jack. High Minimums. Go downtown or to a locals casino if you want to gamble. Just not worth it at Harrah’s properties.We ate the Bally’s Sterling Brunch on Sunday. It was excellent. All of us raved at the quality of the food and champagne. Its well worth the $85 to treat yourself to the Sterling Brunch. Also, really liked the bartenders at the two casino bars. Consistently friendly and quick with a drink. The Valet and Bell Desks provided fast, efficient and friendly service each time.All in all, our visit to Bally’s was fine. Good location, good rate, However, there are several better properties on the Strip (Monte Carlo, TI) at comparable prices that I prefer and would be unlikely to return to Bally’s.	
Sep 11 2009 	Most horrible experience..ever!!	This hotel was terrible! I would never stay there again!! The rooms were old and dirty with tons of carpet stains!! The first few hours I was there a repair hotel man walked in without knocking and said: I need to replace your air conditioning vent!! I complained to the hotel manager and they thought nothing of it!! I left as soon as I could, I would have been better off at a one star hotel. This place and customer service is awful!! DO NOT STAY AT BALLEYS. ITS is awful!!	
Sep 7 2009	Nice Room but Needs Renovation	We stayed in the South Tower with our room facing the pool and Eiffel Tower at the Paris Hotel next door. Very nice view. Added bonus was that we could see a good portion of the center of the Bellagio Waters and heard the music if the TV was mute. The room and bathroom were very big and the bedding was nice with comforter vs worn blankets. But the room looked like it has seen better days. The carpet needed replacing since it was gapping and very noticeable even in the hallway on the floor we were on. I'm recommending this hotel because of the location on the strip. We also received a booklet of discounts and freebees which we used to go on the Eiffel Tower free for 2, two free drinks at the Rio nightclub on the 51st floor.	
Sep 7 2009 	Vegas is going down hill.	I look over the Hotels on Continental's vac packages &amp; decided that Ball'ys would be the best place to go for our 45th wedding aniversary. They had a package of coupons that came with the room. Based on that we settled on Bally's. We first saw Penn &amp; Teller &amp; then went to the Improv. In both cases we recieved poor seeting while there were meny good seats left. When we went to reserve seats for Legends in Concert we mentioned the poor seating we had received. We were told that by using a coupon we would received class &quot;B&quot; seating. Apparently that means the worst available regardless of how many good seats were left. I was real disappointed that there was not a coffee pot in my room &amp; a small cup of coffee in the lobby was close to $4 a cup. The &quot;nominal&quot; charges for the internet was $16 a day and the &amp; the safe was $5 or $6 a day. Want a bungee cord for your player's card? They are available in the gift shop. (at a nominal fee).The Casino is way too small for the number of rooms that are available. That also applies to the swimming pool.Bally's is part of the Harrah's groop, along with Ceasars, IP, Paris, Flaminngo, &amp; Rio. and one can move freely between them by shuttle or by foot. The Coupan book gave discounts at most of these and your card was good at all of them. What was not good is the slot pay out tickets. As you moved around you wound up with a pocket full of change which no one wanted.My title is &quot;Vegas is going down Hill&quot; I do not believe these problems are confined to Bally's . Most locals (cab, shuttle, &amp; bus drivers, waiters, &amp; locals waiting for the bus all agree Vegas was better when the Mob was in charge. One of the great things going for Bally's is it's proximity to Ellis Island. The best place to eat in Vegas. There are a few things that don't change.	
Sep 7 2009 	25th Anniversery	What a great bargin. Location, location, location. This was my first visit to Vegas and Ballys was super. Rooms were huge and clean the bed was very comfortable and the room for the most part quiet. The casino could use video blackjack for my wife but once again the location made up for that.	
Sep 6 2009 	The Price is Right	Fun show but a scam. If you decide to go don't be too disappointed when the final showcase turns out to be thousands of dollars less than what you would expect.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Location!!!Great Room!!	Before my vacation I was very nervous about my upcoming stay a Ballys after reading all the so-so reviews. I'll have to say I enjoyed my stay at Ballys very much. The check in line was not bad. I reserved a South Tower and got a North Tower on check -in at no additional cost. The room was Great!! very large and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was huge as well and spotless. The Location of Ballys is wonderful... right in the middle of everything. The pool was a very nice size.. I have no complaints. I paid $49 1st night $36 2nd night. . It was the best value I think I've ever had in a hotel room	
Aug 31 2009 	Not themed but good value	We just got back from Bally's Las Vegas. It was my first time i went with 10 family members and 2 of them were family friends. We got rooms all together which was nice because if you didn't call ahead to do this, it would have been difficult to do so. It was nice that all our rooms were newly renovated and non smoking. The veiw was OK of the mountains and Planet Hollywood's new tower. I thought that Bally's was in an excellent location and at a great value. We really wanted somewhere laid back and not too stuffy (bellagio/wynn, nice but too uptight) and i felt like Bally's is a good medium. The pool was great, we never had problems finding chairs, although its nothing special it was prefect for our visit. The best thing is the location, for us, it was close to the Forum shops in Ceasars which was great and we went &quot;O&quot; at Bellagio, and Peep Show at Planet Hollywod too, so our walk wasn't far at all. I would stay here again for the price and location.	
Aug 26 2009 	Would stay again but..	There were more pros than cons. The cons were don't take the room upgrade unless you plan to pay for it. They have the Total Rewards Card, which we used every time we ate, gambled etc. all 5 days and received a grand total of 16.20 rewards at the end, should be called Total Waste of Time instead of Total Rewards. Food all over Vegas is ridiculously overpriced, including Ballys. The room upgrade which we took was great. The room was cleaned every day, no problems at all with towels etc. The room safe worked great, no problems there either. The staff all over Ballys was great. The pool was great, service there for drinks was too. We were not told at check in that our debit card was going to be charged $100 per day for every day of the trip. We had a 4 day trip, so they charged our debit card $400 at check in and were not told that. When I found out about it the day before we left and asked them about it, I was told they did it because we had 'charging privledges' at the hotel. We were on the 25th floor and never waited more than 1 minute for an elevator. The employees in the Keno room were superior, as well as Debbie who was the cocktail waitress at the pool. They let us check in at 10am. We had looked at the Luxor, and New York New York also, same price range as Ballys. However it was trashy down there, a lot of construction going on. We were glad we didn't stay there. The food at the deli was great, but again overpriced. We ordered room service breakfast every day, was there within 20 minutes. Continental breakfast (plate of danish, large juice, pot of coffee) side orders of hash browns and sausage cost $25, plus $5 tip, $30 for breakfast every day. Sbarro downstairs was extremely overpriced, plate of spaghetti and cheese ravioli, 2 pops was $30. The sports book was closed for remodeling which we were never told prior to booking, of course it was reopening the day after we left. No total reward there, just a total inconvenience. The lady at check in gave us the impression that if we used our rewards card we would be comped for the room upgrade which didn't happen. I complained about it and they did comp 2 nites of room upgrades(22.40 per nite) which I thought was fair. All in all we would definately stay at Ballys again.	
Aug 25 2009	One of the Worst Hotels Ever	We stayed at Ballys from 8/18 thru 8/21/2009 and we were very disappointed. Rooms need upgrading. Carpets were dirty, kids running down the hall yelling, people slamming doors! Very noisy hotel. The beds were very uncomfortable, pillows were hard as rocks. We asked for softer foam pillows and we recieved 2 that were like marshmellows. Would not ever stay here again would not reccommend it to anyone. Vegas is a big rip off!! Food outrageously priced and drinks were extremely over priced. I think the cheapest we paid for a mixed drink was $9.00!! Ridiculous.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great value excellent location	I'm glad I didn't read the reviews before I went because I would have worried unnecessarily! The hotel came as part of a package - two one night stops at either end of picking up an RV and touring round the Southwestern states - so we didn't choose it and had no real interest in Las Vegas as a destination in itself so can't comment on casinos or shows because we didn't visit any! However, we were more than satisfied with the hotel itself (and we're very picky!) - the first night we were upgraded from two standard rooms to two suites (we didn't ask for it they just did it) and the suites were amazing! Spotless, enormous, piles of toiletries and fluffy towels, sunken bath, three huge screen televisions one in each separate room and very very quiet. Faultless.For our second night we just had the standard rooms and they were lovely too - clean, quiet, comfy beds, nice toiletries, lots of hot water....The pool was a bit of a walk away and was full of patchily sunburned young people smoking and drinking at one end but big and deep enough to get away from them.The noise in the lobby from the casino was annoying but easy enough to get away from and the check in staff were very helpful and pleasant.We didn't eat at the hotel but went to Harrah's buffet both times which was great and used the hotel's discount booklet to get $20 off each time.I wouldn't go back to Las Vegas now I've been there but I would definitely recommend the hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Bad Choice of Gaining Revenue	Six of us just returned from Bally's in Las Vegas. We were there from 8/20 - 8/23/09. First I would like to mention how much food and liquor in the whole town of Las Vegas went up. It is ridiculous. An omelet breakfast at Ceasar's is $17.99. This is really raping the public. When we checked in the Check In lady was very nicel; however she did talk us into upgrading from the South Building to the North Building for $20/night. She said the rooms are beautiful and and all upgraded compared to the South Building. So long story short, we decided to upgrade our 3 rooms. When we got to our rooms, we were really disappointed, other than the furniture being newer, not great, and a change of curtains, that was it that was upgraded. The carpeting was dirty and worn out,, one of the chairs by the table ws filthy, and it truly did not warrant for the $20/night charge. The next morning when we started with our showers, the bathroom had less amenities than in the past 28 years we had been going there for. We were short of towels, no lotion, shower gel, not shower cap. These are the little things. The bath itself, the cabinet paint was all chipped away, no exhaust fan, which is real bad, no hooks to had wet towels, the showere curtain goes just to the top of the tub, so when you shower the whole marble floor gets wet and is slippery and because there aren't enough towels, it is a struggle rather than a luxury. We were just very disappointed. We went down to complain, but the long lines, everytime we went to the desk and long wait, we kept putting it off and that was our fault. They did remove 2 of the upgrade charges, but the point is, we would not have minded the charge if the would have delivered what the check in lady was pushing.We love Bally's, but not sure if we will stay there again. I would recommend the hotel, but do not upgrade, it is not worth it.	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent large room Great Pool 	The room was massive, high quality funishings and very clean, couldn't of asked for more. The hotel staff were great and did everything they could to make our stay enjoyable.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Strip Location; Not a Great Hotel	The only reason to stay here is location, which is smack in the middle of the strip if that is where you want to be. The casino smells heavily of smoke in comparison to others. The rooms are definitely basic with no extras such as coffee, a refrigerator, etc. The beds and pillows were kind of hard and flat. The shower head worked sporatically. Of course, the carpet looked a bit dirty. No great view, but at least it was quiet in the room. The pool is a long walk and was nothing spectacular; the spa was very cold and apparently not working. There was a large fight in the pool area and I was surprised by the lack of security and long response time to get any staff out there. I felt I paid too much to stay here and the only plus was location. It is connected to the Paris, which we really liked and ended up going to a few times to play and eat. The Tower Experience at Paris is worth it - great views!	
Aug 16 2009 	Excellent location nice clean rooms.	Hadnt stayed in Ballys hotel before but picked it for the location. Best positoned on strip. Stayed in Bellargio before so knew it was opposite it. Enjoyed stay but not as much as the bellargio. No free internet, fridge or bar in room. Ibelieve all hotels on strip charge for net on strip but needed a fridge in room. Ideal position next door to paris hotel to go up the tower. night is good for views &amp; lights. Disappointed in room view. Asked for a strip view &amp; got train track view. I still enjoyed stay here as it is alot cheaper than the bellargio. Lorraine &amp; Paul from U.K would go back, couldnt fault it for £36 room nt.	
Aug 16 2009 	Very nice	My girlfriend and I stayed at Bally's for 5 nights in August. Check in was quick for us but I did see long lines throughout our stay at the reception area. We were upgraded to the north tower without asking and ended up with a room that had a fridge and a coffee maker. The room was clean and spacious. It may have needed updating but it worked for us. I liked the fact Bally's was connected to the Paris hotel as we found ourselves eating at Paris' buffet twice, listening to the music at their piano bar and munching on pizza from their deli shop several times during our stay. Bally's was located centrally to many other hotels which made it easy to hop from one place to another. All in all we had a terrific stay and would return again.	
Aug 15 2009 	Outdated	Overall my stay was disappointing with only one positive thing to say and that is the customer service at the front desk when we checked in. She was very friendly, but that's were the positive feedback stops. There were many negative things and after staying in many other hotels in Las Vegas it comes down to attention to detail. 1) Bathroom wasn't clean with hair in the sink, tub and on the floor;2) Room would be great if this were the 1980's, but it's 30 years later and they need to be updated.3) Bed is flat with no cushion, same with the pillows which were lacking pillow cases4) The TV was balancing on a nightstand and outdated by over 10 years5) It appeared that at one point they purchased bulk furniture from another hotel as items didn't match6) Elevator keys lit up 50% of the time for both the floors and the up/down indicators7) We had a great view of the top of rusty pillars8) The windows in the elevator lobby may have been washed once within the last 10 years9) The pool was terrible. All of the vegetation had dying leaves, one of which fell off and hit my girlfriend while sitting at the pool. The music would be great during the Top Gun movie time period but not today. There were no umbrellas. Gum was stuck to the bottom of the chairs in the life guard stand. 10) Friends toilet didn't work. they were staying in a different room.11) No conditioner or body wash soap.In conclusion I wouldn't stay at the Bally's Las Vegas. Maybe the North tower is better but I don't want to find out. It appears they've spent a lot of money to make Paris look nice, but that is to the detriment of Bally's.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great place to Stay	It's like a step back in time. The staff can't be nicer or do more for you. Harrah's should sent all there people to be trained there. After abad trip in April at Rio and Harrah's Reno I was never going to stay at any Harrah's again but did go back to Bally's and what a great time. Did not win any money but had a great time staying there. Will always stay at Bally's this was 6 th. time and don't know why I did not stay there in April but will never go anywhere else.Stay at Bally's the staff will treat you like a old friend and you will have a great time.	
Aug 11 2009 	very nice stay	we recently stayed at ballys las vegas aug 3-6. i was traveling with my cousin and this was his first time in vegas so we were looking for a good location on the strip. i was a little concerned when i read all the other reviews of the hotel and even considered finding a different hotel. when i come to vegas with my husband we have stayed at he belliagio. ti , ny and the rio. but when we arrived on monday around 5:00 pm there was no line to check, the desk clerk was very nice and made small talk with us both about the flight and if we had been to vegas before. we stayed in room 757 in the north tower. i was very satisfied with our room, very clean, the temp was perfect and even had to turn up the thermostat because the a/c worked great. the room was very spacious with 2 queen beds, 1 desk(work station) and oversized chair. the floor we were on was very quite, was not sure there were anyone else on the floor. the ONLY compliant i would have is the water pressure in the shower was not the best but it worked and the windows could have been a little cleaner, my pictures i took out of it in the day time had spots. the valet staff was VERY helpful every time we left they ask if we needed directions anywhere and usually had a short cut that helped alot. we really didnt eat at any resturants in the hotel ( just the pizza place sbarro and it was very good). the check out line was just as fast as check in no problems at all. i am very glad we stayed here and didnt change hotel. and i would recommend this hotel/casino.	
Aug 11 2009 	This hotel was great for us!	I had my doubts about taking 9 young people to this hotel, as some reviews seem negative. However, the rooms were huge! Clean and the hotel maids were very friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself was very big, like most, yes full of slot machines but hey, its Vegas!Check in was very quick, very helpful staff. The pool was very busy and very nice, great food on offer etc.There was also a suprisingly very good variety of shops at this hotel, particuarly the shoe shop based downstairs! As we were a party of girls we found ourselves in there for hours! and we bought lots of shoes, very good variety and very cool choices! The food quarters were great too. Oh and the business centre also based in the walkway into Paris was very helpful for me to jump on the internet very cheaply!Also, location wise, this hotel was perfect, a 5 minute walk from its walkway out of the hotel to the Miracle Mile Mall! Perfect!	
Aug 10 2009 	Its deff a plus!	I honestly kept reading all these bad reviews about this, but decided to give it a try, and i was seriously AMAZED. I booked my room thru vegas.com and got a great deal. Valet parking is free, and we went thru check in in less than 5 min. we did the express check out which is thru the tv. Staff is nice, but bartender is kinda of rude, but then again he was old. Bathroom was in great condition, no mold, no chipping, and very nice. Bedroom was veryyy BIIIG.( my friends stayed at MGM, and they paid more and room was half the size of ours. surprising ...i know) we had a king bed, and it was very comfortable and so were the pillows. We even bought the pillows and took them home. TV is a bit outdated, but who cares its not like your staying in your room...its VEGAS! who does that ...lol. we ordered in food, which was not that great, so nxt time well skip. We had a great view of the strip, but the windows were a bit dusty...lol. Overall... i would stay here again. Its deff a PLUS! and very in-expensive! :D	
Aug 10 2009 	Not too fancy not too shabby. Just right to relax.	My boyfriend and I will always come here. It's in the middle of the strip and the walk either way doesn't kill you. The check in staff are willing to help you with any questions. The rooms we have had were comfortable and the maids took good care of us. The casino floor keeps us busy for hours on end. I've seen a couple of emergencies and the staff handled them well. Sometimes getting a drink at a slot machine takes awhile, but it's not the servers fault that there have been cutbacks. I have noticed that some of the casual eating places have suffered because of staff cutbacks, but that's the economy. Overall, if you want someplace simple, this is the place to stay.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great location great value great pool average room	We enjoyed our stay at Bally's. The rooms are nothing to write home about, but they are clean enough. Don't get a smoking room unless you are a chimney smoker because they smell like death. We got one and had to be moved.Bally's is old and in need of renovations but with prices this cheap, who cares? Actually, I prefer the older casinos because things are cheaper and they have more charm.The restaurants are fine. The little sandwich shop by the South Tower elevators is really good.The best part is that Bally's is connected to Paris by a shopping mall. That gives you two casinos for the price of one and a bunch of additional restaurants. Burgers Brassiere (or whatever) is really good and so is the dessert place.Most nights we just stayed in Bally's and gambled. A ton of other well known hotels are right nearby if you want to journey out, but why bother? At the great big casinos you are just going to lose all your money as soon as you sit down. At least at Bally's you get plenty of free drinks and can actually play on a $20 at a slot machine for awhile.The pool is great. It is big and warm enough. It has a deep end and there are plenty of chairs and space.	
Aug 6 2009 	Don't stay at this hotel!!!!!!!	I stayed here with my spouse this past week, and my stay at Bally's was terrible. For one thing, they had the water shut off one morning, so my husband and I could not take a shower the first day that we were there! Secondly, they had no king-sized beds available, and we requested one when we did our reservation six months before our trip!! Thirdly, the thermostat did not work well, and the temperature in our room did not get any cooler than a very balmy 75 degrees. When we checked out, the front desk asked us how we liked our stay, and we told him that we weren't happy with our stay, and all he said was &quot;Sorry about that.&quot; He didn't even ask us why we didn't like it there.	
Aug 5 2009 	Would stay again	After reading the reviews i was a little concerned about our reservation for our anniversary. We checked in early and the lines were long but quick. The oversized room in the North Tower was great! Next time i am in Vegas I will definately stay again!!	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent trip	I don't gamble like a high roller - bet the ponies, love texas holdem, and some slots. Received offers for 2 free nights July and Aug so combined the offers for 6 nights. Was comped July 29, 30, paid $29 for 31st and Aug 1, comped Aug 2 and 3rd. Arrived at about 11 am from airport - asked if I could at least register - desk clerk was very polite and assisted me - did tip her $20 (they definitely deserve it - you tip every one else so why not the desk clerks). Found me a room ready in the North Tower - was comped for South so I was able to get to my room immediately. Never met or came into contact with anyone unfriendly. Have stayed at Bally's quite a few times in the past and was very surprised to hear the negatives listed in the reviews. I personally have never had a problem with Bally's. Glad they did away with the bottles of water in the room where I had been charged in past when I never drank any of them - called front desk and had the charges removed. One computer glitch this time was the $11 room reservation charge - it appeared 4x on my bill instead of 1x - but the extra 3x were removed after it was brought to desk clerk attention. Location is perfect, casino not so large you get lost, found a short cut to Paris' sports book - go out front entrance - walk to left past taxi stand - walk thru passage marked visitor parking - there's an entrance to Paris - Sports Book right there next to the bar. It beats walking thru the passage of shops between Bally's and Paris and fighting get past the mass of people. Be glad when they open Bally's sports book again. Thanks to the people in the poker room - told one guy I would mention his name in my review but he requested I not so I'll just (Hey J). Also the drink girl in Paris's sport's book not only very cute but very attentive. After my morning coffee - she would ask if I was now ready for my Heineken. Absolutely great! I will be back!!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Spend a couple extra bucks and stay somewhere way nicer	We went to Bally's for 4 nights in June. We were in town for a wedding and so we decided to stay with the rest of the wedding guests and party at Bally's. Our room was nice - except that it did not have a coffee maker, but we hated the lobby. The line up to check in was terribly long and you had to stand pretty well right in the casino - which seemed especially loud even for a casino. It also took an extreme amount of time just to walk from our room to the street outside (atleast 20 minutes if not 30) which also got pretty irritating.	
Aug 1 2009	very happy with stay	went to vegas with family and freinds and we all stayed in bally's.....we were comped for our stay and they gave us a really cheap upgrade. The rooms were clean and good size and the staff was great in the bar, casino and hotel staff aswell. also the air con worked really well ( thank god lol). there was construction on the strip out fromt but u couldnt even hear anything. I recommend drinks at the tequilla bar, however i dont recommend seeing the jubilee show as much. all in all i was very happy with vegas altho things suffered a bit due to the recession and they arent as quick to give out free things but still was a great trip.	
Jul 31 2009 	Nice Stay	Just returned from a 3 Night Stay at Bally's. Had selected Bally's after reading all reviews and had been to Vegas a few other times and wanted to be on the Strip. Did upgrade to the North Tower and had a HUGE, clean, lovely room. Wasn't overly impressed with Check-In Staff, but the rest of the staff that I spoke to while staying there was pleasant and helpful. Had excellent service from Patrick at the Tours/Show Desk. He set us up on a fabulous Grand Canyon tour and couldn't have been nicer. Even remembered us two days later! Liked the fact that Bally's is connected to Paris and only complaint about pool area is the noise from the Monorail. Otherwise nice stay and will stay there again.	
Jul 31 2009 	Summer in Vegas Location is important	We choose Bally's because of the location to Cirque De Solei &quot;O&quot;. In summer heat it doesn't make sense to walk outside if you don't have to. We took the $20 upgrade to the North Tower, it brought the price up to $99 the first night and $79 the second night. The rooms are clean and cool and roomy enough for 3 of us. You can stay inside and shop at Bally's, connect to Paris and walk their shops. Taking a outside overpass is quick and easy to Bellagio and Caesar's Palace, location and value are a plus.	
Jul 28 2009 	Treated like Royalty	Me and my wife came out there for our 5th wedding anniv and her 30th b-day,we have have never been treated like we did !!! it was a quick check-in less than 10 mins so we took that as a sign for a great trip!!!we ate at al-dente our sever john was one of the best severs we have ever had he was very good at his job the food was cooked to perfection,and then he topped it off with special desert,even with the constuction it was very quite,and still easy to get to the other casinos! now to the room!! we asked for a up grade to our the room which was perfect in every way!size,cleanlyness,the view was beautyfull,me and wife will be staying there till the day it closes down which we hope doesnt ever happens!!!	
Jul 27 2009 	One of the best	Great location, love the choice of restaurants and the pool is amazing, not the best hotel but easily the best value for $$	
Jul 27 2009 	First Time to Vegas.....Bally's Great	Our first time to Vegas and everything went smooth. At first we were concerned when the limo picked us up from the airport he asked, where to and we said Bally's he said, OMG, that place is still open. My husband and I looked at each other like ....WHAT? We checked it late on a Sunday night got right in. We were given our room number with my husband asking if we could upgrade to a suite for our 30th anniversary the clerk was more than helpful putting us in the North Tower. Needless to say, we were blown away the room made us feel like we were celebrities, the view, the tub, and the bed was so comfortable we didn't want to get up, room was clean, easy access to Paris.....two thumbs up! We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Decent.. Few problems but might stay again	First the location is superb! Within Walking distance of everything right in the middle of the strip.My husband and I stayed at Bally's July 4-7th. We had a comp'd south tower room but during check in asked for a North Tower. We had a room on the 25th floor and it was decent. For the most part it was clean, larger than most Vegas rooms and would have was fine for us, a little run down but who can complain for free? The only major complaint or problems was the shower. The shower dripped, did not run and the faucet was about 3 inches out away from the wall. We called to have this fixed, which they fixed the faucet but not the shower head(which really just looked like it needed a good cleaning bc it had so much build up). There also was a horrible mold/mildew smell in the bathroom. The only other issue was every night our DO NOT DISTURB sign would go missing and at 8 am housekeeping would come walking in while we were either sleeping or getting ready. Both our problems were not big enough to keep us from coming back if we have more comp'd rooms.	
Jul 23 2009 	Was surprised that for $49/night it was very nice	Great location, nice room (even though a little outdated but cozy), good service. The only complaint was when I tried to get to sleep, it is across from the Bellagio and the water show with the music was on at night and was loud to get to sleep. Other than that, the employees are nice. The room was clean. In the center of the strip. I walked thru Paris (they are connected) to get to the Miracle Mile shopping mall a block away so it was closer to shopping and other attractions.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location	Bally's is always a great location, but vegas always has long check in lines and Bally's was exception this time. Staff was friendly and service excellent	
Jul 22 2009 	We will stay at Harrah's next time!	We booked the trip at Bally's on Expedia. It was a deal with 2 free Jubilee tickets as well. We were 'upgraded' upon check in ( 1 hour wait). I am sitting in the room as I write and still perplexed as to what upgraded means? There was a broken desk lamp, a dead phone, no coffee pot in the room ( Standard in every other place I have stayed). The safe was $3 a day to store my personal belongings in. The coffee bar down stairs was $14 for two cups of coffee and two bananas. I don't mind folks making a buck or two but I don't think I need to buy the week's groceries. We did find Planet Hollywood had the Miricle mile shops with plenty of options for eating so we only ate once at Bally's. THe food was overpriced and stale at the Tequila Bar and Grill. We won't be back.	
Jul 21 2009 	Brilliant stay!	Stayed at Ballys for 4 nights over 4th July weekend. Couldn't believe my luck when there was no queue to check in, and in the days following we did see HUGE queues, altho' to be fair there were at least 9 or 10 people checking folk in. We took the $20 a night upgrade to North Tower, which I'm glad we did - the room was enormous and spotless, well worth the money. We had a view of the mountains and the airport and at night we slept soundly because it was so quiet - lovely!Location is ACE! Right across is the Bellagio and its fountains, then Caesar's Palace, you don't even have to go outside to get to Paris!  Missed a coffee maker in the room, but there was a Java Coast in the lobby. The noise from all the machines was very loud, and I found it to be really very smoky - who thought Scotland would have been so healthy in comparison??!!!!Ballys left us helpful information sheets each morning, warning of construction work, advising us of ways to check out quickly and offering half price tickets for Jubilee, which we went to see, albeit the early show because we had a 17 year old in tow. I loved it, maybe because I'm a sucker for old style all singing all dancing shows! All acts were fab, it's quite a spectacle.Pool is quite a walk away, but worth it once you get there. However, tennis courts are NOT worth it - $20 to hire court, $10 for each racquet...I don't know how much for tennis balls, because I stopped listening! Found that outrageous - luckily it was 106 degrees and nobody could be bothered playing.We checked out early in the morning, again there were no queues, hurrah! We stayed in four different hotels during our holiday this year, and Ballys is the one which leaves me smiling! I'd recommend Ballys happily, and the location can't be beaten for the money!	
Jul 21 2009 	Review your acount daily	I had reserved two rooms pd with a depit visa for the 4 nghts then went shopping and later found out that I paid for another four nights the next day so I was declined so make sure you keep your eyes opened on your account so you dont experiense of what I did!!then they comp me with 100.00 for inconvience then take it back because I didnt use it!! then ended treating really rude!! I spoke to a Reggie in diamond center VERY RUDE.JOEY Front desk AGAIN VERY RUDE and a MANAGER JOSE again VERY RUDE!!we are there customers not there family as far as customer service I would rate a 1!!!!! Patsy Freeman	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent location and value	Despite reading numerous bad reviews on Bally's, we rented 2 adjoining rooms for the July 4th weekend, traveling with 2 adult sons. Rooms and airfare for that weekend were very pricey, as Las Vegas was quite crowded. After a 5 minute check-in line, we were told our rooms were in the South Tower. I remembered reading that we should only get the North Tower. No rooms were available there, without an upgrade fee. Our 2 South Tower rooms (on the 14th floor) were wonderful.....very clean, spacious, overlooking the Paris pool and a view of the Eiffel Tower and Bellagio fountains. The hallways were always clean, housekeeping was great and we never encountered one rude employee. I'm glad we did not believe all the bad reviews. Our family has stayed at the MGM, Excalibur and Venetian. Bally's is an outstanding location on th Strip, and its connection to the Paris is a wonderful bonus.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great hotel @ a cheap price	I stay at the Ballys with a friend of mine. We were there for a week. We stayed in a deluxe room. I was really worried about it because of the reviews I previously read about it, but it was just about perfect for us. The room is very spacious. Housekeeping was on point. They came to clean at different times everyday. Somehow housekeeping knew when we would leave our room. Even if it was for a short period of time they would come in and clean quickly. I still haven't figured it out. I suspect that cameras were in the room or hallways, because otherwise how would they know we were not in. The rooms were cleaned very well. It would have been great if the rooms had microwaves or refrigerators because the food in Vegas is very EXPENSIVE. If you buy a single bottle of water or soda it is going to cost you over $3 at the hotel. When traveling it is best to travel by The Deuce. It is a city bus that can take you where ever you need to go. You can get a pass for 24hours for only $7. That is great being that a cab will cost you double that price or more depending on where you are going. Catch The Deuce to target which is similar to a super Walmart. You can buy things there that are much cheaper than what the hotel will charge you. Ballys is in a great location. My only complaint is that the check-in time was VERY long. They only had two people at the front desk checking people in. It was really bad. When I toured some of the other hotels their check in process was MUCH quicker. Be careful in Vegas people will try to get your money any way they can. They will lie to you and tell you one thing, but when you get there it is totally not what they said. Most of all have fun. I enjoyed Vegas it was my first time. I probably will go back in a few years.	
Jul 20 2009 	Shabby	Having stayed at other hotels in LV, we thought we'd give Bally's a try. It's centrally located but that's the only thing I'd give it. I booked a room in the north tower. We checked in about noon and since there were no clean rooms, we had to wait until almost 4 pm. No problem, we went out for a long lunch. When we finally got to our allocated room, we opened the door and saw what I assume was a Bally's suite of some sort. Front and center was a Murphy Bed..the room smelled musty and the furniture looked like it came from a scratch and dent sale. The only renovated thing appeared to be the bathroom and since this bathroom was a replica of the next room we were given, I tend to think that renovation meant bathrooms only.We requested another room because the smell was too unpleasant to live with for 4 days - this room was a regular queen and was adequate.We wandered down to the promenade in the hotel and it was a disaster. Paint peeled off the concrete floor, the sports bar out of business and blacked out and shops closed up. Walking through hotels all around Bally's really made you aware of just how much this hotel has deteriorated. There were no restaurants that I'd recommend in the hotel - we ate at the pizza joint and had a nathans hotdog, both places located down on the pool level, but those were just lazy moments when we were tired and couldn't be bothered to go somewhere else to eat.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone because there are better deals around. I think Ballys has made it's mark by it's location and that's it. The place is shabby - as if nobody really cares about it any more. It had no redeeming qualities other than location and the fact that it did not charge a resort fee. We got the room for a 'special' rate of $90 per night but only you can decide if a motel 6 room is worth that plus tax. With all the deals going on around the strip these days, we could have done better.	
Jul 19 2009 	We loved staying here!	Don't be worried about the negative reviews you see...Bally's was great! The room (North Tower) was clean and huge, the bed was comfortable, the price was affordable, and the staff was courteous and prompt. Combined with the great location, Bally's was the perfect hotel for relaxing and exploring the rest of the strip. We play slots, so the only thing I didn't like about Bally's was the selection of slots. We just went elsewhere to gamble...mostly to Paris' casino, an easy walking distance. We will be staying here again!	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Vegas trip for party of 10	Had a group of friends that wanted to be in the middle of everything and Bally's was perfect. Rooms were great in the North tower. They put us all together in the Deluxe type rooms after the $20 (actually $40) sandwich got us the upgrade (for all 5 rooms) and just being nice at check-in. It was great being connected to Paris and we ate most of our meals there (the buffett was great for breakfast). The pool was fine and maid service was wonderful. Also, the shoppes at the Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood were a nice find and close to walk to. Overall. a good mix of customers in Bally's and a much better feel than Harrahs, Imperial Palace, or the Flamingo in types of hotels with similar price.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great value great location	We just had a very quick getaway to Las Vegas and stayed at Bally's (July 15). I couldn't believe how inexpensive the room was through Orbitz ($49), to the point that I was somewhat nervous. I shouldn't have been. None of the issues others had mentioned surfaced for us. Check in was quick and Michael granted our request for a non-smoking King in the North Tower. The room was huge! It wasn't the most modern I'd seen, but wasn't badly dated, either. The bathroom had recently been remodeled with new tile &amp; granite countertops. Plenty of towels and drinking glasses. Yes the windows were filthy, but it was so hot that we didn't want the shades open anyway. The AC thermostat was false (it said 72, it was more like 82), but when we turned it down, the room was perfectly comfortable. The hotel itself is nothing to get too excited about and, yes, the casino smells of cigarette smoke. But the location is what is killer about the hotel - connected to Paris and across the street from the Bellagio. It's a perfect spot on the Strip. Don't like this casino? Just walk through to Paris, go across the street to Bill's or to the Bellagio. It's all right there.We also got a coupon book with $5 off the buffets at all the other Harrah's properties and free admission for two to the Eiffel Tower. That saved us $24. All in all, I was quite satisfied.	
Jul 15 2009 	Decent stay	This was my first trip to vegas. My wife and friends joined me and we all stayed in this hotel for couple of days. The check-in took more than an hour, but once i entered the room, I lost all my frustration. It was clean and was much better than what I expected for the price. Service was good and the rooms were much bigger than the other hotel that I stayed. I am more than happy.	
Jul 15 2009 	excellent location excellent stay!!	I came to Bally's with 2 friends for a 21st birthday and had the greatest time ever in Bally's!! The hotel is very reasonably priced which was convenient as we were on a budget. There were problems checking in (due to problems with the company we had booked with in the UK) but Bally's were great in helping us out - the rooms were huge and we had a great view of the strip including Caesars Palace - I cannot fault the location at all as it was right in the middle of the strip - the food was lovely and reasonably priced - I would definitely come back	
Jul 15 2009 	DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!!!	Hotel needs to be rennovated it is old and smells. When checking in guy didn't even look at me or give me a greeting. Most dealers not very happy to have that job. All in all I would suggest you stay somewhere else even if it costs more. I WILL NEVER STAY OR RECOMMEND BALLYS. Just my opinion-good luck	
Jul 13 2009 	Unpleasant staff -- hotel is in a good location	We stayed at Bally's in Las Vegas for one night and have mixed feelings about the casino/hotel. There was a line when checking in (not enough help) and the check-in person said that the non-smoking king room that I booked months in advance was not available and I would have to take a room with one queen bed for the same price. I thought about it for a minute and realized that the hotel was &quot;down-grading&quot; my room and I asked to speak to the manager. The clerk asked me for my ID again and, checked with the manager and then said that &quot;a room miraculously became available&quot; -- so we were able to stay in the king room. The check-in person was very sarcastic and this experience made me dislike the hotel. The hotel is in a very good location and the rate was good. The casino seemed dated and not too interesting, but our room was nice. It was missing basic amenities such as an extra towel and a coffee pot, but overall it was good. I would stay here again - only if I got an excellent rate -- and then I would take advantage of the good location and hang out at Paris or the Bellagio.	
Jul 13 2009 	No coffee pot	Can't believe that you have to be a diamond card holder to have a coffee pot. Every time we stay the rule changes. In 2008 no; in Winter 09 yes then no again in June. Harrahs needs to just put pot in all rooms. Not having one doesn't get me out of the room any faster.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great deal and great location!!	I stayed at Bally's for 4 nights through a comp with the Harrah's slot club, Total Rewards. At check in I flashed a $20 (known as the $20 trick) and was upgraded from a south tower room to a junior suite in the north tower, which is the remodeled tower. The room and view was awesome! The room was really big and very clean. There was a separate vanity area outside the bathroom, and the bathroom itself had lots of granite and was huge. The bed was soft and comfortable. The elevators were very quick. My only complaint was that the water pressure in the shower was lacking. It seemed about half the water came out of the tub part, even though I had turned on the shower part. Another thing to think about is if you are on the side that faces the Flamingo, you'll hear some street noise as there is a fire station not too far away. I'm a heavy sleeper so it didn't bother me, but if you are a light sleeper, request a high floor.Overall, my stay at Bally's was great! The location is very good, the casino is quiet and calm (compared to some of the more &quot;hip&quot; places around) and I felt safe there, even at 3am. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 12 2009 	What a great time in a great location	We stayed from 6/26-6/30. We arrived around midnight and were upgraded to a suite free of charge. We did have to move to &quot;our room&quot; the next day though, but, it was large, clean and spacious. No complaints at all about the room. Everyone from the desk to housekeeping was very friendly. After the reviews that I read prior to our trip I was very nervous, but, no worries! It was a wonderful stay. The location is excellent. It's central and easy to walk to many places. I'd go again and I'd stay nowhere else!	
Jul 12 2009 	Could not beat the price and value	Stayed over the 4th of July. We were traveling with 2 other couples. Rooms were large and clean. When we checked in they were able to put all of us on the same floor just a few rooms a part. This worked out great for us. Pool was a nice size. We rented a cabina and had very good drink service. Can not beat the location. I would recomend this hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	A great casino hotel	We enjoyed our two night stay at Bally's in June 2009. The Diamond Registration clerk and the Casino Marketing Manager were so pleasant in assisting us. We had several extra requests and they pleasantly involved themselves into our situation and assisted in getting us what we needed.. Housekeeping services were great. We thoroughly enjoyed our meals at The Sidewalk Cafe (which is conveniently located indoors to the rear of the casino area). The room was spacious and very well decorated. The Gaming Staff were very nice. The cocktail waittresses were very friendly and came around often. We enjoyed the use of The Diamond Lounge, which is located over at The Paris Hotel/Casino (sister hotel to Bally's.) Free use of the computer for guests to access the internet was great. We really enjoyed our stay there. This was my second time to stay at Bally's. I'd definately return again on a future trip.	
Jul 10 2009 	Un*******believable!	Checked in on July 3rd and our wait time was short. We upgraded to a large suite( $25.00 extra p/night) with a large steam shower and a separate jacuzzi tub. Great view. Close enough to the strip for action but far enough away for relaxation. Everyone we dealt with, from the valet to the bellman to the waitstaff made us feel welcome. Dinner and service at &quot;al Dente&quot; was awesome! Tequila Bar was good too. Great view to watch the fireworks on the 4th. Would definitely stay there again. Probably the only con is that with the hard water in Vegas, they need to put hair conditioner in the bathroom	
Jul 10 2009 	Convenient 	Our time in Las Vegas was short so this hotel was ideal as it is half way down the strip and central to all the major attractions. There is easy free parking and restaurants on site. Checking in and out is not fast but with the number of guests catered for is not unreasonable. We were in the South tower where the room was quiet, clean and comfortable. The hotel was very quick to inform guests of any forthcoming disturbances such as road works or large numbers of check outs expected so that guests could avoid the busiest times.	
Jul 10 2009 	Wonderful trip for husbands 50th birthday	We where comped 5 nights in the South tower. During check in (which only took about 10 minutes) we where given a room in the North tower, king room, non smoking, no questions ask. I was very surprised because of the &quot;not so good reviews&quot; of having to pay an additional fee for the North Tower. Wonderful staff and the room was very clean and spacious. This was my husbands first trip to Las Vegas and he was thrilled with the accomodiates. Location was great, had an absolutely wonderful stay. Check out was a breeze, checked out in our room via TV menu. Best of all, at check out we had a zero balance. We are not big gamblers, just play the slots but recommend the Total Rewards cards...great benefits and offers! We even got a free meal while we here there. Would definitely stay again. Thanks Bally's for the trip of a lifetime!	
Jul 9 2009 	I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN	This was my worst visit to Vegas. Check in was the worst, I waited one hour in line. The South Tower is dirty the wall are paper thin. The bed was soft and lumpy. Just bad all around.	
Jul 9 2009 	Perfect Wedding Weekend!	Bally's was fantastic - from the excellent, fast, friendly service to some of the best food on the strip. The regular rooms are huge with all the usual amenities. We couldn't have had a better weekend - and the price was definitely right too. Ideal location on the strip as well. Right in the middle of the action.	
Jul 8 2009 	IF YOU WANT FUN-GOOD VALUE - STAY HERE!	My friend and I stayed at Bally's from June 18-22. We are both married moms in our late 30's early 40's just looking to get away, relax and have some fun. Our main concern was a hotel with a fun pool atmosphere (we spent everyday at the pool and didn't hit the strip till dark), a central location and not &quot;over the top&quot; in terms of frills and cost. Ballys was GREAT! Stayed here 8 years ago and loved it then. At check in I mentioned that it was my friend's b'day and the clerk upgraded us from the South Tower to the North Tower. Rooms were large, clean with comfy beds and great airconditioning. The only changes I noticed from the last stay was that there is a daily charge for a refrigerator and use of the in room safe. The location is center strip and close to everything. You can hop on a shuttle at Paris (connected to Bally's) that will take you to the Rio and from there you can take another shuttle to Freemont. (alot of fun!!) The pool is nothing fancy but large with a deep end. A D.J. plays music everyday. If you want a pool where things are fairly loud and can get a bit &quot;rowdy&quot; ie, LOTS of drinking and encouragement of the sport goes on here...then don't stay at Bally's. We loved the activity...the waitresses were friendly, the people were friendly and there was always something going on, ie, hoola hoop competitions etc. Only negatives are the prices of items in the small market located near the lobby ($3.00 for a small bottle of water). Go to the market located 1 block behind the strip between Bally's and Gamblin Bills....good prices there...and it is a bit of a walk thru the small mall to get to the pool but you can stop and crap some fairly inexpensive fast food along the way. Overall, this place is great and a really good value compared to other hotels located near by on the strip. I will be staying there again.....	
Jul 8 2009 	Location - only	The only advantage - location and valet parking. Hotel and rooms are very used and not clean. Bathroom was terrible. Smells awful.	
Jul 7 2009	Worst service ever!	We dicided to rent a cabana because two of the women in our group were a little older and needed shade, but still wanted to be with us. We called at 11:00 am for the reservation, got there at 1:30. The cabana wasn't ready. The table was dirty, there was so much garbage and food behind the tv, there were birds flying back there to eat it. We had to ask for everything. ie: chairs, lounges, ice, beverages, floats (asked the engineer, who was the only person we saw) extra towels, menus. No-one came to clear our empties. After complaining, we were told &quot;I am short staffed &amp; I have 7 cabanas&quot; When we said something to the supervisor, she went to get her employee to explain herself. Made several calls for a manager &amp; never got a phone call back.	
Jul 7 2009 	Thoroughly good	Stayed at this hotel for the first time and as an interior design enthusiast, I said to our lass &quot;I bet Ray Hanna was involved in the decor&quot; While talking to the manager I was delighted that Ray and many other renowned decorators were involved, Robs Lamplough etc.Thoroughly good hotel, great service and excellent colour schemes.	
Jul 6 2009 	great time	We stayed at Bally's over the 4th of July weekend.Check-in on the 3rd was a breeze (arrived at the hotel at 10 am, the room was ready).It is nice to stay in a large, clean room (deluxe king in the North tower).The pool scene was really fun. Not pretentious at all, just a lot of people having a good time.My wife loved the Spa as well.Great stay overall, we will return.2 small things- clean those nasty windows and don't charge $3 per day to use the safe.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great hotel great rooms great location great price!	What can I say about this hotel except wow, massive rooms. When I say massive, my room was probably as big as my first flat, huge. The bed was designed to sleep an entire football squad (American or European, take your pick!), and is big enough for me at 6' 4&quot; to lay in any direction and still be on the mattress.Decor is a little dated, but the sheer space makes up for that. The room is all open plan, with the bath and bathroom all being on a slight mezzanine. The Bath looks out into the room, with the toilet and bidet is a separate little rooms either side of the shower. The room also features two basins and two large wardrobes.My only three complaints about the room are: -1) Cleaning is not done to a high standard2) The shower has the strength of a wet dog shaking excess water onto you3) No wireless Internet and only a tiny Ethernet leadApart from that, the room is comfortable, if a little loud (air con is quite noisy as is the bathroom fan) and comfortably furnished. No issues were experienced with check-in or checkout and a problem with one of the booked rooms (water leak) was handled very well by staff.	
Jul 4 2009 	Avoid Ballys Las Vegas	Ballys was out of the room requested, so we had to pay to upgrade our room to get a king bed. They charged us an additional $25/night. We also had to pay $3/day to use the room safe. We also had to pay $4.50 for an extra drinking glass: $2 for each glass plus $2.50 for &quot;room service.&quot; Internet was an additional approx $15/day.The sheets had holes and were frayed. The washclothes and towels were also frayed and had holes in them. The staff was unfriendly from our check in to check out. Bally's claims to be a 4 star hotel. It is certainly not. We have had nicer experiences at Motel 6. OK for a group of crazy college boys looking to stay cheap and no frills or atmosphere.	
Jul 4 2009 	Awesome Value at the Center of The Strip	We stayed at Bally's for four nights from June 5-8 after getting a steal of a deal through Westjet Vacations. We e-mailed the hotel in advance to request a room in the North Tower which was granted no questions asked. Check in was quick and the clerk was pleasant and was able to answer any questions we had. Our luggage was quickly delivered to our room and the porter gave us two free Eiffel Tower passes as a welcome gift from Bally's. We were pleasantly surprised by how huge the room was......we had a king bed and the room had a dining/sitting area with couches and chairs for close to 10 people! The bathroom was also large and had a makeup table outside. During our stay the room was always clean and we barely heard a sound from the other guests on the floor.Granted Bally's is an older hotel and the facilities are not as luxurious as others such as Bellagio and Wynn, but you can't beat the price (think our two weekday nights were in the neighborhood of $50/night) or the convenient mid-strip location. An added bonus is that Bally's is connected to Paris which is a beautiful hotel/casino. The restaurants in Bally's are good (nothing fancy) and there is plenty of variety - everything from Italian to hot dogs. Nosh (on casino level) serves a great breakfast! The casino is always lively and has all the modern slots, but if you want more variety go to Bellagio or MGM.All in all, we would recommend Bally's and would definitely return. Had a blast!!	
Jun 30 2009 	Lucked Out	After reading the reviews, we realize we totally lucked out on our rooms. We were originally booked in the South Tower, but ended up with a North Tower King bed room. It was the largest hotel room we've ever stayed in apart from our honeymoon. We didn't have a view and the TV was older, but we didn't mind. Tile and marble in the bathroom and makeup area (LOVED the makeup area), retro velvet tufted wall acting as headboard and a comfy armchair. The bed was on the soft side, but we slept well and didn't have any issues with noise. But once again, I think we got lucky. At one point in the evening we heard some people talking in the hallway and we heard the conversation from our room even with the TV on. I can imagine how intolerable it would've been if we had noisy/talkative neighbors.	
Jun 29 2009 	Can't recommend but can't beat the central location	I have stayed at numerous hotels in the Vegas area over the last 15 years and do the research to know what we are getting into before we go. I have never written a review this bad about a hotel but I can honestly not recommend Ballys to anyone. We arrived at Bally's on June 22 and after reading the reviews I fully expected we would not be staying at the Venetian or Wynn. The check in line was about 75-100 people deep with only 2 clerks working!! Check in took over 1 and 1/2 hours but bottled water was distributed throughout the line so that was a bit of a nice touch to the never ending wait. We requested a North Tower room and I can honestly say I would hate to see the South Towers! While our room was fairly clean, the hallways to get there were stained everywhere with what looked like red kool-aid or some other substance. Our windows were absolutely filthy and we didn't even open our curtains the entire stay because of them. Housekeeping was pretty good daily but as other reviewers have stated, glasses, plates and room service trays stayed in the hallways for days. The a/c unit was quiet but had a hard time keeping the room cool when set on 72. One afternoon we just wanted to grab drinks and head to the room so we went to the main bar in the casino. There were 3 bartenders working with only about 10 people sitting around the bar. With money in hand, husband stood there for 20 minutes with the bartenders walking past him numerous times without even looking our way. Even after a polite &quot;excuse me sir&quot;, we got a glance and they walked away to continue to unload a dishwasher behind the bar. Needless to say, we did not visit that bar again. Ordered room service one night and service was average (about 30 minutes) and food was mediocre. We never made it to the pool but after seeing other posters pictures I don't think we missed much. There is only 1 restaurant that was completely full and after looking over the menu posted we decided to skip this one because we never say anyone seated receiving any service from the staff (actually, never saw a waiter/waitress in 10 minutes we stood there). A small snack bar was there but the usual fruit and pastries were the only items that we saw people purchasing. The location of the hotel can't be beat (only positve thing I can find about it). You are right next to Paris and the moving walkway. All in all, if you are needing average rooms, non existant service and so-so amenities, this hotel will be fine for your needs.	
Jun 27 2009 	Terrible South Tower - Good North Tower	Recently stayed in Las Vegas at Bally's June 21-26. We were comped by Harrahs for 5 nites in the South Tower. Took 35 minutes to check in at 7 pm. Our king room not avaiable,but could get 2 queen beds in South Tower, or $25 up grade to king in North Tower. Refused offer. Told to check back in 2 hours for king in South Tower. They assinged room number, but had to come back for room cards. Had to wait in line again to get room cards. We had our luggage in rental car, so took off to go eat at another casino. Why hang around Bally's because they are slow? Which is proably what they want you to do! Got into our king ST around 10 pm. The bad reviews you read here about ST are true. Carpet in hallways dirty, stained, dark, trashy, and smelled. The room wasn't any better. Cigarette burns on mattress and floor. Bedding was ragged.The bed was the worst ever. Wallpaper was peeling off walls. You could hear your neighbors on both sides. I heard the toilet paper rolling next door - while in our bathroom. When you showered,half the water came out the shower head and half out tub fawcett. We were ready to upgrade that night, but the line was long as usual. So we stayed one night in ST. The next morning we got up and moved to NT. There is no line early in the morning. It now cost us $20 a night to move to king in NT. Which is well worth the extra money. The hallways were wide, clean, bright, no trash, well mainted, etc. Even saw people cleaning carpet, windows, dusting, etc. The room so much nicer, too. Only complaint the TV is old and no CNN on cable. Our cleaning lady &quot;LUZ&quot; took good care of our room. It helps to tip them a few $ each day. The ST room was # 5822 And the NT room # was 2441.It is hard to believe the difference in the two towers at Bally's. It ending up costing a little over $1.50 a night for the better room. The casino host made us pay $ 6 &amp; change because we didn't loose much money at Bally's. They don't consider time played! We played more at Paris next door which is nicer. And down the strip at O'Shays, Imperial Palance (check out the dealtainers, from 12 pm on), and Harrahs. All Harrahs Properties! There is a lot of road and hotel construction going on. A rental car is waste of money, unless you want to travel outside of Las Vegas. It is very hard to navigate the strip now. Traffic cones, lanes closed, detours, rude/ drunk drivers, buses, limos, concrete trucks, and lost tourists. I almost forgot about the police cars, ambulances, and the worst - taxis. Our Ford Focus took 2 gallons of gas to fill tank. Don't let the rental car people talk you into buying their full tank of gas at a cheaper rate, unless you plan on using it all up. Paris was giving out 20% off coupons to their Village Buffet good Mon. thru Fri., to players at the table games. We ate there twice. Very good! It is located inside, between them and Bally's. There is usually a line, but it moves fairly fast. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night buffets. A lot of choices and your beverages. The $25 all day buffet at Excaliber was not that good. And if you get the steak and eggs special anywhere, the steak needs to be cooked medium. Other wise the small steaks are tuff to chew. The good ratings at the top are for the Bally's North Tower. Foget the South Tower!	
Jun 26 2009 	Good Value	good price for the central stripclean spacious room in North Tower,( although you can still smell the faint odor of cigarette smoke even in non smoking rooms,) dirty windows, pool area is a bit far from your room and does not have much shade.polite attentive staff,	
Jun 24 2009 	A great View but....	I arrived of an early flight hoping a room would be free, however the desk clerk advised me that the room was still not ready and to come back at 2.30pm. I did this and the next clerk said the room would not be ready until 4pm, when I told her I was told 2.30pm she said I'm sorry we're full but you can have a room now if you want to upgrade for an extra $20 per night. As I was travelling alone I didn't see the need to pay more for a room I wasn't going to spend a lot of time in. A friend had arrived from NYC and he stayed at Excalibur, they didn't try upselling and gave the room early. Everyone in the check in queue at Bally's was aked if they wanted to upgrade. Beware, if you arrive early in Vegas, they will store your bags but there is nowhere to relax while you wait for a room, the only seats are at gaming tables and slot machines. Apart from this, the first check in clerk allocated a very nice room, South Tower, odd number side 7221, overlooking the Eiffel Tower, I'm not sure if I would stay here again, perhaps next time I might stay off the strip as I'm not a gambler I go to Vegas for the shows	
Jun 24 2009 	Bally's is in the heart of the strip with all the right stuff.	We recently stayed at Bally's over Father's Day weekend and we were absolutely thrilled with our accomodations. Bally's upgraded our room to a king size bed and we loved the amount of space we had and the bathroom had a marble tile floor and countertop. We never had to wait for the elevators and we loved the location in the center of the strip. We walked everywhere we went on the strip and Bally's is really close to all the other big hotels for shows and shopping. There is a shuttle to Rio right there as well. The pool had plenty of chairs and the beverage people were friendly and always nearby.	
Jun 23 2009 	Annual visit rates a return next year	Comfortable, nice staff, easy access to strip; I have good luck there &amp; platinum card helps.	
Jun 22 2009 	Decent hotel let down by poor service	Bally's is located mid strip and has pretty much everything you would expect from a mid range Vegas hotel. It is not a particuarly outstanding hotel but for what you pay you get pretty good value. Casino is functional without being special. Rooms are sizeable and clean with good views. And the location is excellent being right in the middle of the action mid strip. Overall hotel amenities/shopping etc are also good. What let down my experience at Ballys though was the extremely poor service I received, particuarly from front desk staff. It didn't start off well when the check in line was over an hour long. This really was unacceptable and by far the worst I had anywhere in the States. It also seems this was not a one off as I observed similar lines for check in every evening. This is not how a hotel should welcome their guests. My advice if you do chose to stay here is don't arrive past 7pm as you will likely get a long check in line.This was then compounded by an astounding lack of care by three check in staff over the next few hours in resolving what ultimately turned out to be a booking error caused by them in regard to my booking (which they claimed had been cancelled only to discover that their system had caused the problem). During this time, absolutely no assistance was given and I was treated extremely rudely by all staff members. Furthermore, when the matter was resolved, no apology was given and neither was there any offers of compensation or upgrade. Further dealings with front desk staff were also not positive as they showed continuous disregard for service or trying to positively assist their guests. Overall, my experience at Bally's was not positive due to the service I received. The hotel and room itself were nice enough and good value for money, but a bad taste was left in my mouth and I would likely not return.	
Jun 21 2009 	nice hotel good location	my fiance and I visited vegas for the first time in may 09 and I have to say that we had a great experience at Bally's; the check in line was horrendous - about 25 minutes with only 2 clerks for about 80 people; our clerk was very nice though and upgraded us to a suite for our entire weekend stay for no extra charge (our friends we travelled with had to change rooms after the first night so I guess we got lucky!); our suite was huge, beautiful and very clean with a beautiful view of the paris eiffel tower; it was located in the north tower; the location is great; right in the middle of the strip and directly across from the bellagio fountains; ask for extra coupons at check - in and you'll get a booklet with discounts for the eiffel tower and paris village buffet - great deals...negatives: the hotel itself is older with a very strong cigarette smoke odor in the casino; there is no 24 hour diner or eatery in the hotel; and the ice machine on two floors were not working....other than that we had a great time and found all the staff very nice...would consider staying there again for the location and value	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Location/Good Value	We stayed at Bally's for my first-ever trip to Las Vegas. I couldn't be more pleased with the location - within easy or reasonable walking distance to many of the sights I wanted to experience. Right in the heart of the Strip. The room was clean, I felt very safe when walking in and around the property, and the price was right. As my sister said, it was a good &quot;base camp&quot; for everything we wanted to do. It's not flashy, but if you're looking for a clean room at a good price, in a very central location, Bally's fits the bill!	
Jun 18 2009 	I was very pleased	Sorry this review is a little late. I stayed at Bally's during my first ever trip to Las Vegas, October 5-10, 08. I must say, I could not have been more pleased with my room. My room was in the South Tower, which I was a little leary about after reading other reviews. I have forgotten my room number but I think it was 6529. Anyway, our room had a magnificent view of the Eifel Tower and I was even able to see the fountains at Bellagio. I did not find that there was any excessive street noise or otherwise. It was a bit of a hike to the elevator but I was OK with that. The room itself was clean, clean, clean! That is number 1 on my list. Yes, it is true, the furniture is a bit outdated and scratched.....but who cares? I don't have to live with it. It's just a place to sleep and keep my stuff while I'm out enjoying myself. I'm sure the sheets were brand new. They were white and crisp. The bathroom was also very clean. I learned a tipping trick when I went to Disney. Rather than wait till the end of my stay to tip, I leave an envelope with $2.00 everyday for the room keeper. One morning my boyfriend had to go back to the room for something and our room keeper was there and she just went on and on about how nice I was to leave her a little card with her tip everyday. Who knows, this may have insured a little extra attention to our room. (I always had plenty of towels.) Check-in was a bit of a line but it went smoothly and timely. While in line there were associates passing us bottled water. No one was rude or out of line. Check out was easy too. I was told I had a phone charge on my bill and I calmly said, &quot;I did not use the phone at all.&quot; She was very polite and said, &quot;No problem, I'll remove that from your bill.&quot; That was it.Also, you can't beat the location. My whole experience was positive. In fact, I'm returning to Vegas in late September and have already booked Bally's for my stay. Do not hesitate to stay at Bally's and don't be fooled into thinking the South Tower is awful, it's not.	
Jun 17 2009 	Don't Stay At This Hotel	Our room was old, but we were in Las Vegas to have a good time. We did not care too much about the room condtion, it was clean and we just needed a place to sleep. The location of the hotel to other strip Casinos is ideal. Here are the complaints. 7 days after we got home I noticed we had a $200 charge on our credit card. When I called the front desk to ask what the charge was for I was told it was for ROOM DAMAGE. They could not give me specific details on what exactly the damage was. I can say this: the safe was broken, the dresser drawers did not open and shut. The furniture in the room appears to be the orginal furniture from the 1970's. Bed was hard and old. There was a hole in the sheetrock near the bathroom. I did not call the front desk I did not think that I needed to report all these items. We go to Vegas 3 times a year and will not stay, eat or gamble at any Harrah's owned property again. We will be moving our business over to the MGM chain. My advice to anyone, is to report all room flaws and don't settle for an inadequate room, demand to be moved. We will now become HIGH MAINTENANCE GUESTS when we stay at any hotel. I have had the run around between finance department and the front desk on this matter. I left a voice message for the Front Desk Manager but did not receive a call back.	
Jun 17 2009 	First time in vegas and hotel was perfect!	Reading previous reviews made me a bit nervous about staying at Bally's but I had nothing to worry about. We arrived about 10pm on monday and stayed for 4 nights. Check in was quick and we were upgraded to a suite for first night free of extra charge. The suite and the other room we stayed in were both very clean and spacious and worth the money! We liked the size of the casino and pool (which has 4 lifeguards at all times, so suitable for children). We ate mainly in the Paris which is close by. Everything was great and would stay there again. We used the self check out and got the shuttle from Bally's to the airport which was only 7 dollars each.	
Jun 15 2009 	Catch 22 from Garden Grove  Califas.	My husband &amp; i stayed at the hotel for a total of 5 days. We booked a total of 4 rooms for our yearly family get together. We come from different states &amp; meet up in Vegas, once a year. Myself, and my 2 brothers and my sister, each with his or her partner.  Checking in - dreadful! it took over an hour ......to check in , although, the front desk clerk Arlene was awesome! She really hooked it up for us. She was so accommodating - i felt great being there! Great PR~ My husband and i checked in a day earlier than the rest of our party. .. So, I guess we got real &quot;Lucky&quot;. We were upgrade to a suite with no additional charge. ( WOW ) because they did not have a room available at the time of our check in - we were pretty late in checking in.....it was about 9:00p.m . ...no rooms available - we got a suite , cool! we actually booked for an extra night for small affordable fee....wow! - now we where even more happier than before, staying an extra night in a suite! yahoo!....We got a deal of the year - i love it......we loved it....Thanks Arlene!!!!!!!!! Now- this year was my turn to do the reservations and book the rooms for our yearly trip. I told the the front desk clerk , that i wanted to take care of the entire bill ( all 4 rooms ) so that way when my family gets here all they have to do is check in and get there keys. sure no problem- it's done....... Next day my family arrives about 6:00p.m - 2 hours after check in......the occupants for the 3 other rooms are being served by one clerk in order to check them all in at once. well, guess what - there are no rooms available! the male clerk told us that they had 3 rooms that would be available in about 2-4 hours........( let's do the math : it apprx 6 pm , 2-4 will be close to 8 or 10:00p.m ) hmmmm? is this acceptable ? well, it is to them . Then they informed us that each room would be on different floors . WHAT!!!!!!!!!! I explained to them that i booked together in order to have our rooms at least on the same floor. They told me that the preference of the rooms were not guaranteed. so if i booked a queen non smoking 3 months in advance - it wouldn't matter because it's based on availability......ain't that a biscuit! Now i asked to speak to the manger, he was worse. The manager said that based on availability nothing is guaranteed. i asked him if he could give them something else, kings if available , the manager said for 20.00 more a night - he would upgrade them , but not for free. the Manager would not budge , accommodate or upgrade for free - even if they didn't have their rooms ready. he knew we wouln't go to another hotel because one of us was already staying there and we all wanted to be in the same hotel. The told us : if we wanted the 3 rooms , (1) we would have to wait 2-4 hours, (2) they would be on different floors (3)refund . ...............Now doesn't that sound awful- refund ..? where in the heck are we going to find a descent room on the same night we are trying to check in on with the rates we paid....! ! ! what monsters! By now my family is so tired, already stressing out, staring at me - shaking their head ........My brother said they would wait........but were not going to pay 20.00 extra to upgrade..............( 20 x 2 nights= 40 per room x3 = 120 ) no way................... Once the rooms were finally ready - OMGosh! they should of paid to upgrade. The rooms in the south tower are ugly, smelly and gloomy! I felt horrible that my family was in that tower. Everything is old! The carpet was worn out , the bed are hard everything was just awful and very outdated. I would never , ever stay in the south tower!!!!!!!!! however i would stay in the north tower - anytime.  Moral ? catch 22 ? Oh ya - before i forget- the grave yard bartender &quot; Mike&quot; is the bomb! served us right, served us all night long and makes the best Bloody Mary and Mai Tai!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!in Vegas:)	
Jun 14 2009 	Best value on the Strip	I have stayed at various places on the Strip in Las Vegas over the last 15+ years. For the money, this is the best value on the Strip. The rooms were very clean, spacious and nicely appointed, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable, the location is perfect, right in the middle of the action. I would recommend this property to anyone, and will not look anywhere else for my next trip to Las Vegas	
Jun 14 2009 	All about location and value	As a college graduate student traveling with friends to Vegas for a week, most of us were on a budget. I would not have been able to afford such a trip if I had to pay $100+ per night for the hotel alone, with all of the shows, gambling and drinking that we had planned. The great rates and excellent location of Bally's helped make my trip a great one.Just make sure that you understand what Bally's offers. It is NOT a flashy hotel by any means. It actually looks pretty nice on the outside, with the cool violet colors and lit up rings encircling the walkways and escalators moving you up to the hotel from the strip. But on the inside, it has more of an outdated and budget feel. The casino and lobby area are definitely among the least impressive on the strip. There is a rather large &quot;mall&quot; below the lobby area, which you must take escalators down to (with the pool at the end of the mall). There are a few nice shops and restaurants, but it's nothing compared to the shops you'll see in Paris, Caesar's, Bellagio, etc. One major plus is that the hotel is connected to Paris, so you can easily walk to and from Paris through the indoor mall there, leading up to the casino of Paris. You almost feel like you're a part of the Paris hotel in this way. There is also convenient shuttle service to and from Rio/Palms. two nice hotels/casinos located pretty far from the strip (would be a long, boring walk otherwise). These shuttles are located just outside Paris, where all the cabs are.The rooms in Bally's are not anything special, but ours were pretty clean and large. We have heard that Bally's has among the largest rooms on the strip, which is a definite plus. You don't feel squeezed and cramped, and the views we had were very nice (facing north).Overall, if you're looking for a decent hotel at a great price and location, you should definitely consider Bally's. The other Harrah's hotels are pretty similar, in that they offer great locations and prices with older hotels that don't have the glitz and glamour of some of the newer, more luxurious ones. But in my opinion, you can experience all of that anyway since you're free to go into all of the casinos anyway. I go to Vegas to enjoy all of the entertainment and to explore all of the great sites. Not to sit around in a luxurious hotel. I would gladly pocket the extra $100+ a night and spend it on show tickets, blackjack tables, or nice dinners. And if that's how you feel, then you should look no further than Bally's.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good hotel with perfect location	Bally's is a 4 star hotel with very nice rooms and excellent location. It's just across the street of Bellagio and connected with Paris. It's a central strip location so you can go everywhere on foot. In hotel there is nothing so important, casino is average, restauranst are just fine, but don't miss Jubilee. It's a wonderfull show. But, you don't need anything in hotel beside great rooms, as you are everywhere in just a mintues...	
Jun 13 2009 	Not bad at all	stayed june 8 - 12 had a very nice stay. got a room in the south tower nice view on the 18th floor. room was nothing fancy at all but all we did was sleep there so why pay for something fancy. only complaint was room was as far from the elevator and monorail as you could get so when we'd buy something and want to drop it off that was like a three mile walk so request a room by the elevator.  Ballys casino was not for me kind of boring and they didn't come around with drinks much. Planet Hollywood and Bills nearby are really good though if you can get by those guys giving out those porn things, unbelievably annoying, they need to do something about that. Ballys had a live band, just not my kind of music &quot;oldies&quot;.didn't eat at ballys at all reviews I read were bad. I did eat at PH buffet and it deserved every good review it gets awesome buffet, so was the Rio buffet. Harrahs buffet just ok i don't recommend it.I only recommend this hotel for price, location and monorail access, It wasn't bad but next time I'll stay somewhere else, probably Rio or downtown really had fun at both and both are just as cheap, now that I've seen everything on the strip i would not stay on it again.	
Jun 10 2009 	you get what you pay for	Bally's is average - in a good way. The rooms are adequate (stay in the North Tower!!). There are no frills here. Most areas are dated, but fairly clean. The pool is nice. The fitness area / spa and interent are expensive extra charges. The location on the Strip is awesome. It is very easy to walk around and see the &quot;nicer&quot; places (Bellagio is across the street, Paris next door and Caesars is kitty-corner).	
Jun 9 2009 	Bally's is just OK	My family and I were in Las Vegas from 6/1 thru 6/5 and we stayed at Bally's Hotel.The rooms are large and the beds were ok. Nothing like the MGM Grand. We had 2 rooms and in our room there were alot of stains on the rugs!!! The bathroom was very clean. The TV was a 19 in and not that great, but then your not in Vegas to watch TV!!In the other room there were 2 queen beds with no bedspreads on the beds. We calleddown to housekeeping to ask for bedspreads to be brought up to the room and we were told that they do not put bedspreads on beds anymore!!! Also when we got there there were a tray of dirty dishes outside of our room from the previous tenants and I had to call down 3 times to have someone come and pick up the dirty dishes. It took them 4 hours to come and get the tray!!!!I also have a problem with the very dirty windows. I tried to take a picture of the Paris hotel, which was right outside of my window, but everytime I took a picture all that came out was the dirt on the windows!!!!!Also, just a note the food in vegas is very expensive. My husband and I went to eat breakfast in the Ballys sidewalk cafe ( which I recommend you stay away from!!!) and we each ordered 2 eggs,bacon and hash browns with coffee and the whole meal without tip cost 35.00!!! The coffee alone was 2.99 a cup. Also speaking of the coffee -- they tried to serve coffee that had nothing but foam on the top. I thought that they were serving a beer!!!We also took a side trip to the Grand Canyon with the Grand Canyon tour co and we loved it!! The bus driver Ron, was so funny and knew so much info. I would go on any tour that Ron does!!! Las Vegas can get you out there pretty cheap with all the deals, but the coast of the food and shows are just crazy!!!! I don't think I will be going back anytime soon!	
Jun 9 2009 	Check your sheets if you are staying at Ballys	My husband and I just returned from Vegas celebrating our 10 yr anniversary. Had a great trip, and a great big room in the South Tower with a nice view (#7327) of the Bellagio fountains, and strip. However be sure to check your sheets if you are staying at Ballys. We had a room with double beds and the first night we slept in the bed near the window so I could see the view and watch the fountains. But we smelled bengay or menthol in the sheets. We were so exhausted from our trip we just blew it off thinking it was possibly the soap they used to wash the sheets. The second night, we smelled the menthol again. It actually woke me up from my sleep. It was the top sheet that was under the comforter that smelled. So we kicked it all the way to the bottom of the bed so we could go back to sleep. The next morning I ripped the sheets off the bed. We decided that they were obviously dirty sheets and we were sleeping on someone's nasty sheets. I went to get ice and saw the maid cleaning the room next door and asked her to change the sheets on the bed. Finally, clean sheets! We learned a lesson...be sure to check the sheets as soon as you get in the room and while you are at it....check for bed bugs too. We didn't have any bites but I read on this forum that some people did. Oh, by the way...my husband advised me when we got home that there was a sign in bathroom at Ballys that states they do not change the sheets, etc...during your stay....I never read the sign because I assumed it was about reusing your towels....never ever thought it would be about sheets. Ballys need to make sure their maids understand that the sheets NEED to be changed after every guest stay!!!! II would only recommend my friends to this hotel if this was the only place to stay, but warn them. The rooms need to be updated and carpet needs replacing. I will write a trip report later.	
Jun 8 2009 	THE TOTAL LAS VEGAS "EXPERIENCE" IS ALIVE AND WELL AT BALLY'S	What was I thinking? A restful night's sleep? Perish the thought! A quiet poolside read? Doesn't exist...and yet it's the total Las Vegas &quot;experience&quot; all at Bally's. Noise, noise, and more noise. In fact, Bally's should change their name to &quot;Extreme Noise&quot;. Poolside speakers blared rap, hip hop and some rock 'n' roll - very, very loud. The lifeguards took breaks, but not to rest. They line danced around the pool. The DJ repeatedly yelled for everyone to get &quot;off their booty&quot; and dance. So don't go to Bally's if you think you are going to have quiet by the pool - it doesn't exist.Next up - rooms. The rooms were clean...and NOISY. The code enforcement officers must have taken time off when it came time to check on sound insulation. We had an upper floor room and could still hear drunks yelling from the street, sirens all night long and tires going over uneven pavement. When I went downstairs to complain, I was referred to a &quot;manager&quot; who apologized. That was it. So if you are looking for the total Vegas &quot;experience&quot; and love noise, drunks, sleepless nights, rap by the pool and more NOISE, by all means, stay at Bally's.	
Jun 7 2009 	Renovate or Implode!	This hotel is in desparate need of a multi-billion dollar make over. Or better yet...implode it and build something better. The hotel was a huge disappointment as far as the quality of the hotel. Extremely outdated! The furniture was from the '80's, the carpet was disgusting and the rooms smelled like mildew. We stayed here because this is where our friends were. I would have checked out immediately and paid the extra bucks to stay somewhere else. If you're looking for a good quality hotel and a great Vegas experience, this is not it. The only plus was a view of the Paris pool and the Bellagio water show. Although the staff was friendly and the maid service cleaned the room, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. I think the Motel 6 may have been a better choice!	
Jun 7 2009	Ideally situated on the Strip. Good facilities and room	Stayed here for 3 nights. Great hotel and location to the Strip. Rooms large and clean. Breakfast plentiful and tasty. Pool area could be improved by providing more sun shade. Have they not heard of skin cancer-! Internet access NOT free, quite disappointing when all previous 'Arizona' hotels stayed on this trip provided it free (however the Apple store in Caesars Palace does allow connection free). However I would stay here again.Generally Las Vegas is much more expensive than even just 4 years ago and more built up but the Hotels and shows just as impressive.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great location large room	A little background: I went to Vegas over New Years with friends. We were seniors in college. Looking for a nice hotel on the Strip.Location: This hotel is located on one of the four corners of the main intersection on the Strip. The neighboring hotels are Paris Las Vegas, Bellagio, Caesars, and Bill's; which are easy to get to by using the pedistrian bridges over the busy traffic. This is really where the action is. You are very close to anything you want to visit (walking distance).Hotel and room: It's kind of a low key hotel, set back with a walkway and fountains between the hotel and the Strip. It was clean and not mobbed by people. This hotel had all different ages of guests. We booked 1 room (2 beds) for 4 people. The room was very, very spacious, which was nice since we had 4 people in it. THERE IS NO FRIDGE IN THE ROOM!!! We took advantage of the ice bucket. BUY LIQUOR IN THE AIRPORT (it's much cheaper compared to prices you'll find once on the Strip). Overall we needed a cheap place to sleep that was in a great location. Bally's was it.	
Jun 3 2009 	BALLY'S POOL ROCKS!	So not only were my friends and I looking for a good deal but also wanted something with good location and a fun atmosphere. Well Bally's is it! We hung out by the pool for our entire trip and had so much fun! The bar staff out there is so fun, friendly and also helpful! They have a DJ that plays on the weekends and runs contests with prizes, drink specials and they keep the party going throughout the whole day. It felt almost like an MTV pool party, we met so many people from all over the world who were also there just looking to have a good time and we all hung out as a big group and had a blast! The last day we we so worn out but we went to the pool and sat in a quite corner away from the center of the action and still found it relaxing so its as if they have something for everyone. At night Bally's is so centrally located that its easy to get to anywhere with a short walk or cab ride. It's totally worth it for the pool and the fun we had there!	
Jun 2 2009 	Great room in North Tower	I thought of slipping the $20 or $50 trick with my credit card upon check in to see if I could score a suite or upgrade but waited a bit to see what would be offered to us. At first we were told that the only room available was a double smoking room and not the non-smoking room I had reserved and paid the first night for. This ticked me off and I went on and on about my husband's allergies, etc and how I was having my daughter and friends over on Saturday for cake and champagne for her 21 year old birthday and hope to have a bit larger room in which to celebrate. Then the clerk said OH, there is a suite that will become available tomorrow for $50 per night. I said NO, that's alot more than I want to spend. Then came &quot;wait a minute, I see another smaller suite for $25 in the North Tower will be available tomorrow.&quot; SO, I went ahead and agreed to that. My husband had 3 nights comped so it was a good deal I figured. The smoking room in the South Tower was a laugh when I saw the old furniture. It was clean enough, but just old with peeling wallpaper, etc. The &quot;suite&quot; in the North Tower was definately worth the $25. Lovely carpet, furniture, a 1/2 loveseat, desk w/2 chairs, separate vanity area and granite bath. It really only had a wet bar with a fridge, but that was helpful in keeping our left overs and snacks. At check out we were not charged the $25 upgrade to the suite, nor the $3 for use of the safe. Not sure why but didn't ask. Parking was convenient and so was the location and being next to Paris was great with all the lovely restaurants. Maids seems to be in the hallway all day long either chatting or cleaning and did see room service carts in the halls for quite a long time. Pool was full of shall we say mature guests. Food at Nosh was great. Seemed the escalators and people movers were out quite a lot in the Bally's area. They always seems to be running in the Ceasars, Bellagio and Wynn casino cross overs. Also Bally's could use a good power washing of its side walk areas I think. Overall great &quot;suite&quot; and would return again.	
Jun 2 2009 	Welcome to the worst of the strip	I booked a flight+stay package thru Allegiant air 2 months before my trip, they made a mistake when booking the hotel though which I found out at 11:00 pm when I arrived to the hotel after waiting 35 minutes in line, they blamed Allegiant for the mistake without offering any solution. The manager called &quot;LARRY&quot; came and made us feel that it was our fault he said, &quot;...we had NOTHING available...&quot; even though the kid who was helping us first said that if we wanted to stay we had to pay $219.00 per night. Of course that's the price for a &quot;high end&quot; suite, the helpful manager wouldn't want us to stay in a expensive suite but please, don't say there is nothing available. One hour later and without receiving any help at all (The manager didn't call another hotel) we grabbed our bags and started walking towards the Monte Carlo.Next day we went back to Bally's since the night was booked for that day, 30 minutes in line and the agent gave us a room saying, &quot;This is one of the best room we have...&quot;, I was already excited !, The room was spacious, the furniture was worned out and some of the outlets didn't work, whatever, I decided to take a bath and after seeing a handful of black hair coming out of the drain i changed my mind..., I quickly saw a brown strip inside the bath, I decided to scrap it with my fingers it to see what it was, BIG MISTAKE, it was rest of soap, dirt and who knows what else.3:00 am in the morning, we went to bed, I know is early but we were way to tired, 3:45 pm a very noisy alarm wake us up, &quot;May I have your attention please, the source of the alarm hasn't been identify yet, please remain calm&quot;, they repeated this tape around 30 times, there was nothing I could do to cover my ears against such a loud alarm. The alarm stopped finally, 5 minutes after, AGAIN !!!, &quot;May I have your attention please, the source of the alarm has been identified, this is not an emergency, I repeat, this is not an emergency&quot; lol, I was going insane there...Next morning, yay ! I didn't know I was going to be so happy to leave Las Vegas, Check out lane, FORGET IT, I'll try express check out, In the room they have a express check out card, just put your name and room number with the keys and drop it at front desk... easy !. The longest line I have seen since I got to Las Vegas, Why should I wait to do a express check out, I decided politely ask one of the front desk people where should I drop my card. At less than 3 ft away from one of the agents who was writing something on the computer while with a customer, I said, &quot;I'm sorry, excuse me, may I ask you a quick question&quot;, ...nothing...., ummm, I tried again, the customer smiled at me and he said to the lady, &quot;Excuse me she needs your help...&quot;, she looked at me, I said &quot;Oh hi, sorry I just have a quick question...&quot; I couldn't even keep talking when she looked at the customer and said, &quot;No... It's ok...&quot; and kept typing, BOOMER !, thank god the customer noticed that and looked at me like... what the heck...., anyhow, I was expecting something like that.... I put the keys and paper on the front desk and I forgot about it. We good part.... me and my husband were finally out of that hole, knowing for sure that we would never, ever book again there.	
May 31 2009 	Good price nice hotel	We just stayed 1 night. Booked southtower, got a room in northtower without asking for the upgrade. Fast check in, very friendly stuff. Room on 17th floor had no view, but it was ok for on night. Big and clean room.	
May 28 2009 	Great location	In Vegas, everything is way further away than you think. Something that appears right nextdoor on the map is a 15 minute walk, so location is everything! Bally's is in a central location, so we could walk to most other casinos on the strip. Our room was really nice, even shared between 5 people. The pool was nice, though it got a bit crazy (and inapporpriate) during the happy hour bikini contest. There's a free parking garage right there, so transportation wasn't a problem either. Overall, no complaints! Glad we chose Bally's!	
May 28 2009 	nice place	Better than I thought. Room was very nice. Good for the price. Stayed in the south tower. Long walk to the pool and bought an $18 Bally's mug for drinks, but they did not offer a discount for refill like other spots do. Have to walk through a lot of smoke to go anywhere when staying in the south tower. Would consider staying again for the price.	
May 27 2009 	Just fine great location....	Stayed Memorial Weekend, May 23-27th. Total of 6 of us, we requested to be on the same floor and they accommodated. I picked Bally's for the price and location on the strip. Great location, mid strip across the street from Bellagio and Flamingo. Check in was ok, they did offer the &quot;not so free upgrade&quot;, declined and stayed in the South Tower, the rooms were extremely dusty, and yes the windows were absolutely disgusting, but I was not there for a view out my window. Paris is attached to Bally's, nice shopping and eateries. There was no coffee maker in the room, I packed my own! Room was made up each day, but still not dusted or vacuumed. Long walk to everything, pool is on opposite end over by the North Tower, pool was nice and cool with lots of lounge chairs and a great bar with good service. Nice place to eat on South side around corner from elevators called Nosh, ate breakfast there everyday. Sandwiches, salads, bagel, coffee, drinks, etc.. expensive but everything in Las Vegas is expensive! Overall, had a great time in Vegas, Bally's is a great location, and a good value, but just average. If you need more than the basics stay at a nicer/more expensive hotel.	
May 27 2009 	Nothing flash but was fine	We stayed in the North Tower for 6 nights in April and enjoyed our stay. The lady at check in was extremely helpful and friendly which was great after our 18hr commute. The rooms weren't extravagant but they were huge and clean and were perfect for what we needed. The curtains were great as they blocked out all daylight during our much needed sleepins and room service was quick and available around the clock. The casino looked a bit drab in comparison to a lot of the newer casinos (especially the ugly exterior) but was fine for us as we definately weren't high rollers. The pool was terrible - both pools were tiny and the monorail goes right through the pool area. Looking at the cabanas I can't see why anyone would possibly pay for one - they were all empty so I think there would be many who would agree. The location however was fantastic - right in the middle of the strip. Overall, great spot and hotel rooms that were everything that we needed.	
May 26 2009 	Great value excellent location - no frills but gave us what we needed	My husband and I went to Vegas for a fun Memorial Day weekend trip. We found an online &quot;buy three nights, get one free&quot; deal at Bally's with an average cost-per-night of just under $100, which seemed fantastic, as I couldn't find another centrally-located hotel on the Strip for the same dates at under $150/night. After reading some of the reviews here, we went into our stay with relatively low expectations, hoping for a great location but just an adequate, clean room in which we didn't plan to spend much time. When we arrived it was clear that Bally's wasn't going to be the highest-end hotel in town, as the look of the casino and check-in area are somewhat dated, but it wasn't awful - just a little blah. Pretty much what we expected. We had to wait maybe 15 minutes to check in, but we were greeted by a very friendly and competent young man, and when we asked if any upgrades were available, he immediately placed us in a North Tower room at no additional charge. Our room was far better than we'd anticipated. It had obviously been completely updated within the past few years (stylish carpet &amp; wallpapers, granite countertops, etc), and was extremely spacious, with a separate vanity and sink outside the main bathroom. The bed turned out to be super-comfortable, too. Our room was always cleaned while we were out having breakfast (not sure how the maids timed it just right every day, but they did), and I don't recall seeing any dirty trays in the hallways or other items that were neglected in terms of cleanliness. The casino at Bally's is small and definitely not as upscale as many other Strip casinos, but the location of the hotel is perfect. We were able to walk to most of the other &quot;name&quot; hotels on the Strip within 10 minutes or so, and if we wanted a more close-by upscale environment, we walked to Paris, which is connected to Bally's by a walkway of shops and restaurants. On our last day, we weren't scheduled to fly out until 11:30pm, so we asked for a late check-out. We were told we could delay our check-out from 11am to 1pm at no charge, or to 4pm for an additional $25 (which didn't seem too bad given the additional time it would buy us). We later asked again if there was any way we could instead check out at 9pm, and that request was granted at no additional charge. That gave us a full extra day to enjoy Vegas before we had to think about leaving, which I thought was great. We did have a few complaints: Bally's &quot;Total Rewards&quot; program pretty much blows (we spent around $1500, total, between the room, food &amp; drink, and gambling at Bally's affiliated casinos - including some table games, not just slots - and literally wound up with $0.86 in comps. That's eighty-six CENTS. I mean, I wasn't expecting a free room night, but seriously?!?) We also wanted to work out one day, but the gym is part of the &quot;spa,&quot; which Bally's charges its guests $22/day, per person, to access. The hotel also charges for your use of its in-room safes, and $13/day for wired internet access, both of which are just plain cheap. (Yes, many hotels charge internet access fees, but when you can get free wireless internet in most public areas these days, it just seems really nickel-and-dimey). Overall, though, Bally's was a good deal, and I'm sure plenty of other, more pricey hotels charge similarly for such things. Unless you want lots of frills and extras and are willing to pay for them, stay in Bally's North Tower for a surprisingly nice room with extremely convenient access to the best of Vegas.	
May 26 2009 	Bedbugs!!!	Stayed one night in the South Tower - woke up with bites all over my legs. How much more do you need to know. My first experience with bedbugs and it's creepy.	
May 25 2009 	Ballys is a mixed bag of both good and bad experiences.	Ok, so I freely admit that I am one of those travelers that reads reviews about a place I am going for a couple of months before I go. Having read the huge variety of reviews on Ballys, I was a little concerned. Some of the reviews were very accurate, Ballys has some issues, but nothing that kept us from having a good time.The Good - The casino is still nice, not run down like I read in a few reviews. Sure it is not fancy and the poker room is in a bad location, but it is still fun. Ballys is a great location on the strip. You can easily walk to many of the casinos from there, as well as the cab rides are reasonable, being that it is centrally located. The food choices in Ballys are poor, but the food in the walkway to Paris is great. The Paris buffet is fantastic and the price is very competitive with others on the strip.Ballys room service is also very reasonable and the food was good. One thing to be careful of with the room service though, it can come much faster than they tell you. We ordered one night and they told us it would be 45 to 55 minutes. We walked down to the gift shop to get some bottles of water and came back up to the room to find the waiter pounding on our door. We had been gone maybe 10 minutes max, so we could easily have missed it.The North tower rooms are spacious and nice, but some of the views can SUCK. We were on the fifth floor and our view was of a wall about 10 feet away.The Bad - We had requested a room with a King size bed in the North tower and had paid for the upgrade. When we got there the woman checking us in started the check in process, then said she had to go in the back for a minute. Fifteen minutes later she came back to finish. I asked her if there was a problem and she said no, so I asked her why she had disappeared for 15 minutes and left us standing there, and she said she had to go in the back. Never apologized for disappearing. She then said that our King size bed was not available, again no apology. I then asked here if they put a hold on our credit card, and she said yes they did, $250, which is not terrible, but she wasn't going to tell me about it if I hadn't asked. So I asked her if they would just apply it to any charges I had during the stay since I had pre-paid for the room. She proceeded to argue with me about the pre-pay for about 5 minutes until she finally saw that I had prepaid on her computer screen. AGAIN NO APOLOGY. When we showed up to check in there was NO ONE in line and it still took over 30 minutes to check in. Not a good start to the stay.Room service trays sat outside of rooms for anywhere between 18 and 36 hours. Very disgusting,Windows were the dirtiest things I have ever seen. Not even sure how windows could get that dirty..Each floor had soda machines and vending machines. Most of them wouldn't take dollar bills because the machine was broken and when they were working it was $2.50 for a small soda.Use the Express checkout. One of our friends didn't and the line was so long it took them an hour and a half to check out.	
May 25 2009 	May Not Be New But Still Worth The Stay	Stayed here May 18-22, 2009 for work. It had been years since my last stay here but enjoyed it then so didn't see why I wouldn't enjoy it now. Yes it is true that the hotel is older, and if you stay in the south tower you will get rooms that have not been touched in over 20 years. But if you tip the front desk person that is checking you in, you just might find that they will tip you back by giving you an up-grade with no charge. That is what happend with me. I tipped $20 and got placed in the north tower on the 17th. floor, my co-worker tiped nothing and stayed in the south tower. Was my room better then there's.? That would be up to the person staying in the room, but in my opinion, yes, at least my room had been redone within the last 5 years or so. I had a comfortable bed, housekeeping was great and the noise was not bad at all. The view was not much, but there really is not a view from to many rooms in Bally's I could see the pool and the rooftop. But wasn't in the room much and really did't care. As far as the slots go, I found them to be very, very loose. I enjoy this casino because it has no themes, no props, just a casino and nothing else. Sure there are those times that you want the glem and glam and if so this is not the place for you, but if you just want a clean, friendly place to stay then this is the place to stay.	
May 24 2009 	CANT BEAT PRICE LOCATION	Stayed 5/19 to 5/23 booked through the Total Rewards site payed 137.00 total 4 nights. Stayed in the north tower, they asked for a 20.00 a night upgrade told Anthony It was my birthday and he waived the up charge. Check in was quick and fast. Room had a little view of the strip # 1859.For the price you cant beat this location Room was always cleaned in the morning staff did a great job. Windows were filthy as in the other reviews. Walked to Ellis Island casino for breakfast in the morning (7 min walk) 4.99 Steak and Eggs not on menu.You can walk to all the other casinos location is great .Rooms are a great value. Try these places to eat Envy &amp; Panevino Good Luck	
May 24 2009	In room reception	We were married in Las Vegas and had our reception in the executive suite. It was huge!! We had 40 guest and it had enough room for all of us. The bedroom and living quarters were divided. We were able to have a huge party with room for a dance floor with out out anyone going into our bed room. The service was excellent and they were able to get us everything we needed. The view of the stripe was great. The only down fall was the tub is tiny! It's a normal size tub (no jets). Yes, the room could have been more modern but, for the size of the place it was everything we needed. The room does come with a small dorm sizr fridge.	
May 23 2009 	Adequate value amenities lacking	We stayed at Bally's May 18-22, chosen as part of an air-hotel package, a good deal. We upgraded to the North Tower for $20 a night, don't know if it was worth it without seeing the South Tower rooms. Checkin was easy and room was ready at 10:30 a.m. Room was spotlessly clean and spacious, but would have liked to have had a coffee maker and refrigerator. Beds comfy, pillows fluffy. The casino was like most of the others, but sports and race book closed, and no Total Rewards booth, we had to go to Paris for that. The walkway between 'Bally's and Paris is lined with shops, etc., but still seemed like a long way to go for us (we're elderly and mobility challenged.). We at the a Paris buffet, the food was wonderful, but small appetites missed a lot of it. Altogether, The show &quot;Jubilee&quot; was great. it was all o.k., but next time we'll try someplace else.	
May 18 2009 	Everything was perfect	A group of eight of us stayed at Bally's from May 10th through the 15th. Two of us got comped rooms and two got discounted rooms through the rewards program, so split eight ways we each paid $57.00 for the entire five nights.It took about 30 minutes start to finish to check in, not bad considering we had four separate reservations. We were offered the North Tower upgrade for $20.00 extra a night, but we just asked politely if we could get upgraded without paying the extra and our request was granted. The rooms were VERY nice. There was lots of room and they were cleaned and restocked with plenty of towels each day. We never saw any dirty room service plates left in the hall. The windows were a little dusty, but with all of the construction going on, I imagine it would be a never ending chore to keep them spotless. Besides, if you are spending that much time looking out your window while you're in Vegas then you have bigger problems to deal with. The Pool was fantastic. Not as fancy as the Mirage or the Flamingo, but the music was great and there was plenty of sun AND shade. The drinks weren't bad either. For $18.00 you can get a 4 shot margarita. $18.00 sounds like a lot, but the drink was huge and well worth it. In addition, you can bring down your own drinks as long as they are in a plastic container.The food in the hotel was decent as well, we tried the Burger place in Paris, the Skywalk Cafe, and the Paris Buffet, all of which were reasonable and tasty. Oh, and a must try is the yogurt and fruit parfaits they have at the coffee stand across from check-in. My husband became totally addicted to them. About the only complaint I could have is that the live band in the lounge (while VERY talented) was way too loud to be playing so close to the casino. We literally could not carry on a conversation if we were sitting at any machine or table close to them. Other than that minor issue though, the trip was fantastic, and I would recommend Bally's to anyone!!!	
May 16 2009 	If You're Going to Vegas Why Would You Stay at Bally's?	In my case, the answer is marching orders from the company. In the many times my family has vacationed in LV, no one has ever used the phrase, &quot;Let's go to Bally's.&quot; Got a North Tower room which was nice enough. It was clean except for the windows which, as noted in other reviews, hadn't been cleaned on the outside since the Reagan administration. Black with filth. Disgusting. Can also confirm that room service trays routinely lie in the hallways for hours on end. Very low water pressure from the shower, but good in the tub and sink.Room faced Flamingo Road, where utility work is going on overnight. What a racket. Rest would be hard enough with the mushy bed and pillows; the drilling into the road makes it impossible. And according to a note the hotel left in the room, this work will be going on for quite some time.Checked in and out without too much hassle, managing to avoid some of the huge lines I saw at other times. I was able to get a non-smoking but someone I was with couldn't and was stuck in a horrible smoking room. On check-out the clerk didn't ask if I enjoyed myself; guess she knew.The hotel also placed a nearly $1,100 hold on my credit card, even though the company pre-paid the room. When I saw this online (Internet is $14/day for wired) I called downstairs to complain. After 5 minutes waiting for the front desk to answer, I was told they mistakenly held enough for the room &amp; incidentals. Hold still hasn't been released.Like all Harrah's properties, Bally's gift shop has banned sales of the local Review-Journal newspaper. In protest, I walked down Flamingo Rd. to the Arco station a block away for a paper and (surprisingly good) coffee.Overall, I don't understand why anyone would want to stay in this place which three decades ago was the old MGM Grand where some 80 souls perished in a fire. It's nothing more than a big hotel that you could get in any other big city. Besides the casino, there's nothing &quot;Vegas&quot; about it. Do yourself a favor and head somewhere else.	
May 15 2009 	Never Stay Here	There were moths all over the room at night time, they were in the bed, under the sheets and they would dive bomb you. If you make a complaint to the management the answer you receive is &quot;oh well&quot;. There was food all over the floor that was never vacuumed and toilets would not flush correctly. Pay the little bit extra money and stay somewhere else.	
May 13 2009 	We had a pretty good experience	The room was clean, up to our standards and located right on the main strip. There was one thing that I found disturbing about our stay at Bally's. After returning to our room my lover and I noticed that the room cleaner had arranged all of our soaps, lotions, toothbrushes, razors, shaving cream, etc. in an obsessive-compulsive manner on a clean white towel. Other than this ominous shadow of psychological turmoil our stay here was quite adequate.	
May 12 2009 	Will not be back not even for business trip.	Check is was very nice, better than I expected. Food service during our convention was horrible to say the least. We were there for a week and in the past(other motels) were provided with coffee, cont. breakfast, snacks and drinks for break and lunch. For this week, we got nothing except standing in line only to watch the ONE pot of coffe that quickly dissapeared while we were still in line.Ask for a coffee pot for our room, got some excuse about insurance does not allow, but went to room in North tower and they OFFERED to deliver one without being ask? Same insurance?WTH?Blanket was dirty in the room, to gross to describe. Was replaced.South tower was nicer room and had better view than north tower. North tower room had human feces on the floor upon check in.Shipping fees were OUTRAGIOUS. I ship UPS weekly and am happy to pay a normal shippers fee outside of the charge from UPS. NOT this price- $20.00 per box!Our meeting will be back in 3 years, I will NOT be back.Las Vegas overall was very dissapointing and full of filth, not porn, that I can stand, the GRIME and dirt, i can not.Internet was nonexisting, several of our members had to ask for fee to be returned, internet was needed for some of our meetings.The surrounding area ie: Red Rock Canyon and Utah was great.	
May 12 2009 	I'LL DEFINATELY STAY AGAIN	I booked in on a Friday evening, long wait, paid for the upgrade to a North Tower room overlooking Flamindo Road, well worth it! On 16th floor no road noise, but very dirty windows. Lovely, big renovated room, but cut-lunch-distance from lifts. Great, fast room service. Rang for a replacement iron, received it within 5 minutes, nice breakfasts within 30 minutes. Casino not overlarge but friendly, and slots returns quite good! Make sure you register for the Total Rewards scheme. Bally's location is ideal, right in 'the guts' of the Strip, easy walks to far South or North Hotels. Went to 3 Shows..i/ cirque du soleil &quot;O&quot; at Bellagio, very, very good show, amazing acts on both land and water! ii/ cirque du soleil &quot;LOVE&quot; at Mirage, excellent excellent excellent nostalgic renditions of each of the Beatles 'LOVE' album's marvellous songs. Mind-blowing! iii/ The Amazing Jonathan at the Harmon Theatre. Mad-cap magician who is a must-see! Since returning to Australia I have played all of his video-clips (on You Tube) time and time again, and p--s myself laughing each time. See his show, get to meet him (and Psychic Tanya) afterwards for signing of his book and/or DVD, a really enjoyable night. Weather was beautiful in late April, Las Vegas streets clean as a new pin every morning (who picks up those thousands of cards?), every person involved in the service side of the industry was friendly and obliging, it was a pleasure to be 'a guest in their house'.In summary, full marks to Bally's and to Las Vegas in general. As General Douglas MacArthur once said to Australia, I SHALL RETURN.	
May 12 2009 	Only book here if you plan to spend very little time in room	I booked a room at Bally's because it was the site of a conference I was attending. While the price and location -- center strip &amp; across from Bellagio -- was excellent, those are the only 2 bright spots in an other mediocre and disappointing hotel. The casino practically sits in the lobby and the stench of smoke is overwhelming no matter where you go on that level. The smell of smoke then followed me to my room, got stuck in my nose, hair and clothes and was just everywhere. Non-smokers definitely should stay away.My room wasn't ready upon check-in, but within a couple of hours I was able to get a key. I stayed in the south tower because I didn't realize that, of the 2 hotel towers, the north tower was the only one that was renovated. My room looked like the furniture, linens and bathroom hadn't been updated in more than 20-30 years. The bathroom creeped me out a bit, with it's shower doors &amp; old vanity and floor. And the carpet in the room seemed less than clean. The next time I visit Vegas, whether for business or pleasure, I will certainly stay somewhere else. A non-smoking room should be just that -- not a room with such a stale smell of cigarettes as to be nauseating. And it would be nice to have a lobby I might actually be able to walk through without holding my breath.The best parts of my stay were the times I spent outside the hotel.	
May 11 2009 	Great Value Quality place	Stayed here for 4 days in May for vacation. Most importantly, you want to know the rooms are clean &amp; maintained. We up-graded, for $20/night, to the &quot;premium&quot; North Tower. I don't know what the lower rate rooms looked like-ours was nice, but it was basically standard hotel, not premium in any way. i think they were re-modeled in the last couple of years. Bathrooms ok. Air cond. system worked well. One big pet-peeve-paper thin walls. Can hear neighbors talking-too well for my taste. That can be annoying late night or early morning, depending on your sleeping habits.Pool area is fine-a big hike from the hotel. Being built in the 70's it does not have the bells &amp; whistles of some of the new hotel's pools, but it works.In light of the economy, Bally's has made some cuts and considers Paris as part of their property-the Sports Book is closed, as well as the Sidewalk Cafe(used to be their 24 hour casual dining place)-staffers just say&quot; go to Paris&quot; as a sub for these things. Well, it is connected to Paris, so I guess that works.If you like coffee without having to sit down to eat somewhere, one only have 2 spots you can go-wait in line! No coffee-makers in rooms.The casino is classic, well laid out, nice selection. It was hopping all the time we were there.One thing they need to work on is the outside cleanliness-I saw a lot of over-flowing trash cans and trash in the waterfall thing on the moving walk-way.Bally's location is the best-right in the middle of the Strip. I would reccommend this hotel.	
May 11 2009 	Good...but far from great.	I have been to Vegas several times but never stayed at Bally's before. When we checked in, the front desk staff was somewhat rude. We were assigned to a room in the South Tower, with the option to upgrade to the North Tower for $80 more - not worth it I thought. Our room was huge and included a table/chairs, couch and tv in sitting area, and wetbar with mini fridge. We were pleased with the size, but that was about it. We had asked for a King (which is what we had reserved) but were told it was a &quot;request&quot; and not a reservation for a king. So we had 2 queens - not ideal for a romantic getaway. The room, although big, was grossly out of date. Everything in there had been there for darn near 20 years. We did not have a view out of our window which was also disappointing.The South Tower is a long way from the pool. It was irritating to have to walk all the way through the casino, downstairs, through the shops and out the back to get to the pool. Took about 10-15 minutes. The pool was small.Overall, Bally's is last on my list behind other places I've stayed including the Luxor, Flamingo and even Excalibur. We would not stay there again. It was a place to sleep - but didn't offer anything impressive.	
May 11 2009 	decent stay but Bally's fading quick!	Room-We Stayed at Bally’s May 2 through May 6th. This was about my third time staying at Bally’s but it has been at least 2 years. I never mind the old décor as it is more about great location for me. Check in on Saturday night was very quick…..I was only paying for 1 of my nights and had already turned down my email offer to upgrade to north tower…..but at check in they offered Jr suite for 25 per night so we took it. Room was even larger than the usual Bally’s large room. The room had steps up to a large bathroom area with separate sinks, a large bath tub, separate rooms with toilet and bidet. The room was nothing fancy as far as décor and equipment but we enjoyed it. There were large floor to ceiling windows and if you looked closely you could see a small corner of the water show, but primarily we faced directly at flamingo.Casino/other- The casino hadn’t changed much and wasn’t that busy compared to other casinos. I was surprised by the high table amounts during the day….I was disappointed with some things as Bally’s is fading quick….The buffet is no longer (except for sterling brunch), the sports book is closed as well. It says it is closed for renovations but I don’t believe that, because it wasn’t being worked on. Empty shops in the mall area in Bally’s…..I heard comments from employees because customers were asking what was going on. 1 stated that most folks who didn’t have 15 years on the job were laid off…I certainly believe this since most of the employees were all older……no employees in their 20’s. Another stated Bally’s was cutting everything slowly piece by piece….which I believe because it shows….Food/drink- I will say they gave us some good coupons at check in for some of the restaurants. Paris and Bally’s are connected so there are places to eat in between those two. We noticed the cut backs as service was pretty much slower than slow everywhere in Bally’s and Paris. The burger place was the best one…huge burgers and servers in lingerie…how could you go wrong! The Paris Sunday brunch was great as usual……The café near Paris was horrible…very slow seating, slow service, servers couldn’t keep up, they were arguing with managers and the hostesses and bussers didn’t seem to be helping servers much……Bally’s sidewalk café…decent food, slow service…..We hadn’t had time to get a coffee pot yet so we suffered the crappy coffee stand by elevators, 25 minute wait to pay 12.50 for two small coffees…..we went to Walgreens and got coffee pot for 9.99. Or if you crave starbucks walk outside exit of Bally’s and the Westin right across the street has a starbucks prices are a bit higher than home but not by much….still 10.50 for two coffees but they were normal size and normal coffee…Housekeeping was greatRoom had iron and ironing board but it was in bad shape….if you want to use the safe you have to Pay for it!Overall a good stay…Bally’s is still a great location but we enjoyed our dining and gambling time at Harrah’s much more…..we will probably switch it up and stay somewhere else next time.	
May 11 2009 	Great Budget Hotel on Centre Strip	We stayed at Bally's in July 2008. We had arrived late from San Diego (22:30), so our check in was quick and smooth. We didn't have any problems with our room, therefore never had to call on management. Our room was always kept clean. We didn't have a great view, but then again, we didn't spend much time in our room. Therefore we didn't have a problem with the service.Haven't stayed at any other hotels in Vegas, therefore can't compare, but compared to the other hotels we stayed in the States, this was the most spacious, best value we got by far. We had 2 Queen size beds, and room was very spacious with a couple of arm chairs and table. There was a slight smell from the aircon i think, but didn't really bother us. There is a nice pool area, and the in house restaurant was quite enjoyable.The location is excellent, right next to Paris and across the street from the Ballagio. It was a great place to casino hop from, which we did, and to visit either the South Strip or North Strip.We really enjoyed our stay here, as it by far offered the best value when compared to the other hotels we stayed in on our trip.Overall, we had a very comfortable stay, and liked the location best. Sorry to hear about the latest reviews, as we base a lot of our destinations on reviews we read on this site, but will definitely go stay there again based on our last stay.	
May 8 2009	disappointed	First, the hotel website lists several standard amenities, &quot;Standard amenities in Bally's classic rooms include hairdryers, irons and ironing boards, clock radios, data ports with high speed Internet access, cable TV and in-room movies.&quot; Not so fast, Internet is actualy $14.00 per day. Called management and got nothing, not a sorry, not we're wrong. Second, there must have been a moth convention, we had at least two flying around the room every night. got rid of them each night only to have others make their way in the next day.	
May 8 2009 	Lucky to be upgraded otherwise would not have been impressed	I had booked a standard room for 4 nights. At check-in (which I have to say was very understaffed!) I was asked if I wanted to pay $25 a night to upgrade which I refused. The woman then said they would upgrade me for free anyway!The room was in the North Tower and really was fantastic - big windows, giant bed, good bathroom with a separate area for wardrobe and another sink. Not a great view but I didn't really intend sitting in the room staring out of the windows all day!Slightly disappointed that you were expected to pay for use of the safe - I had stayed at the Golden Nugget duing the same trip and didn't need to pay for the safe at all.Have to say the TV choices were poor - not a big selection at all unless you wanted to watch one of umpteen channels promoting Las Vegas, the hotel or find out how to play poker or in fact if you were not a Chinese-speaker!Good location in the centre of the strip. Would recommend if you get a North tower room - I saw the ones in the South and they were VERY dated indeed!	
May 6 2009 	Very Disapponted	I just returned from a 3 night stay at Ballys and was very disappointed in my experience this time. I have been a regular of Ballys for the past 8 years and it used to be a very pleasant stay.I have read the other reviews and I want to clarify that I stayed in the North Tower and my friend stayed in the South Tower so I know first hand the difference. The South Tower is run down and old, the furniture is acient by hotel standards and his room smelled very bad. However, my North Tower room wasn't much better. When I arrived I waited for the North Tower room because I payed to upgrade. They delivered the wrong bag to my room. It a good thing I was there to notice.Thoughout the stay I noticed most of the features have been downsized. The staff definitely was different, in the past Ballys was noted for their customer service. I couldn't get room service, waited on hold for 20 minutes. One day housekeeping didn't even come and I called them as well where they told me they would come. I am a Total Rewards member and the staff couldn't even tell me where the Total Rewards desk was. After 2 calls and being transferred 8 times I found out that it was combined with Paris as well as the concierge so they were located at Paris. Even the basic restaurant was closed after 2pm at Ballys.Now to the room. . . It was dirty and there were stains all over the walls with dead moths on them. Why couldn't housekeeping have cleaned that up. The worst part was the moths. My room was infested with them. They were even in my make up bag. I had housekeeping up in my room early one morning at 3am trying to suck them up in the vacumn. They killed 15 that night alone. I'm told this is a normal problem in April and May however, a cab driver told me he lived there for 20 years and never had a single moth in his house.On an upside, I enjoyed the casino, like the people there. Ballys did take off one of the 3 night upgrades which I feel they should have taken off all due to the problems. The &quot;old&quot; Ballys would have. Next time I book a trip to Vegas, I won't be staying at Ballys.	
May 5 2009 	Poor Quality for The Strip	After a long wait in the check-in lane, we were given a room in the South Tower (view of Paris) with 2 queen beds (request was for a king). The room had a horrible smell and was extremely dusty. I called down to the desk, after a short wait we were told to come down for a different room. The new room was located in the North Tower (with a horrible view of Flamingo Road). The hair dryer was broken - finally got a new one the next day. There was a safe in the closet - but you are charged extra to use it. This room was fairly clean but still a big disappointment - no better than any average motel. We had loud neighbors - a real problem when you have to get up early for meetings.I will say that the service for Diamond Members was much more pleasant than for the other guest (we used them for problems as there was no one else unless you stayed in the check -in line again). The location is great, right on the strip - but I'd chose another casino next time, even if my conference was at Bally's.	
May 2 2009 	Love/Hate relationship	GREAT parking and location. Valet (and all staff really) very friendly and service oriented. Check in normal by Vegas standards. Walked in the room, wadded up paper in the middle of the floor, used soap and shampoo in the shower. Wireless internet VERY SLOW, and not free ($13.00 a day). SLOW, lost connection every few minutes. When I was ready for bed, the bottom sheet wouldn't stay put - not made well.I attended for a conference, and the &quot;Union&quot; flag guy (only specified employee's could put flags on poles in the conference room) duct taped the American Flag to the pole, dragging the flag all over the floor and walking on it.''Good food, pretty good casino (I didn't win tho...), GREAT location and access to the strip. For the money, great deal in Vegas. Don't expect the Mandalay, but for the money - Far better than most.	
May 2 2009 	Nice Stay	We booked this hotel for the week running up to the new years eve and were lucky enough to get rooms and good rates. Checkin was surprisingly fast and the receptionist advised us to checkout early since 1st of Jan would be a mess in terms of checkout queues, which turned out to be a real help. Rooms were huge and nice. Bathroom was even better. Fancy having 15 pieces of towels. The chinese resturant in the Hotel has the best chinese on the entire strip. Central location of the hotel was a real hoot. A nice stay.	
Apr 30 2009	Highly recommend	I just stayed at Bally's. I loved my room and the location on the Strip.	
Apr 28 2009 	Good Room/Experience for the Money!	I think Bally's is great if you're looking for a good hotel in a great location. Its attached to Paris, and I could even bill meals/drinks to my room at Bally's in the Paris casino. So, you basically get the Paris experience without the Paris room prices. The Bally's casino was nice, and the Indigo bar had some great bands during our stay. Not national acts or anything, but great cover bands, and there was no cover to get in. The music filtered throughout the casino and really added to the atmosphere! The food was mediocre, and I'd advice going to the restaurants in Paris just a few hundred yards down the hall. Drinks were pricey if you're not playing, but that's everywhere on the strip.The North Tower rooms were good and definitely worth the $20 extra. I heard from other guests that the South Tower rooms sucked, and they had a long list of complaints. Our room was great. We did change rooms after the first night because of noisy neighbors, but the front desk took care of our request right away and put us in a similar room. Both rooms had marble bathrooms, nice showers, and very comfortable beds. Monorail was relatively close (I say relatively because the monorail was far from just about every casino it stopped at, and we went to nearly every stop during our week there) and the location is central if you want to do up the Strip.I'd really advise looking at Bally's is you aren't looking to spend an arm and a leg, but still want the Strip experience! I mean, most of the people who write bad reviews went with South Tower rooms, so avoid those, and don't expect Paris or Caesar's at these prices. You won't be disappointed if you keep these two things in mind.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good on a Budget Bally's	Good choice if using Southwest Airlines vacation package. Centrally located on Strip, breakfast buffet is reasonably priced and provides lots of options.	
Apr 26 2009 	Overall still our favorite hotel - excels at Customer Service!	We have been staying at Bally's for a number of years now. The hotel is getting older, but is still clean and customer service rocks! We had 2 small maintenance issues that were dealt with immediately. It was disappointing to see the rewards centre &amp; the sports betting area closed but I suppose, given the current economy it's not entirely surprising.I love the pool area &amp; always have but do wish it was possible to get a pool towel prior to the pool actually opening for swimming.We will definitely be back again next year!	
Apr 26 2009 	I expected better	We go to Bally's Atlantic City frequently and really enjoy the comfort of the hotel. Unfortunately, Bally's Las Vegas was disappointing. The biggest problem was the scratchy sheets. I couldn't sleep the first night so I complained to the manager who was a very nice and efficient man. He ordered &quot;special&quot; hypo-allergenic sheets and they weren't much better. As far as I'm concerned, bedding should be a top priority. Tired, grumpy hotel guests don't have fun.	
Apr 25 2009 	Older hotelbut great rooms and service	We checked in at 3 in the morning,expecting to get into the Classic Room that we had booked.The lady at the desk asked if we would like a Suite for the first 3 nights.Of course we said yes.It was beautiful!IThe suite had a whirlpool tub,sauna room,2 bathrooms,king size bed,wraparound bar and an amazing view.All this for no extra charge.Not bad since we didn't even ask for an upgrade.I have only great things to say about Bally's,fantastic service and very nice staff.I would'nt have any trouble booking a room at Bally's again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Not a very good experience	I had booked a non smoking room with a king sized bed on the internet. When we got there, our room wasn't ready yet it would be another couple hours, so they offered us a room with 2 queen beds, not mentioning that the room was right by the elevators and they were extremely noisy. It was like a plane taking off every 2 seconds, I don't know who could sleep with that terrible rumble. We went back down to change rooms and they said the only room they had was a smoking room and I'm a non smoker. Out of the hundreds of rooms they have in that hotel, I'm pretty sure they could have found us another non smoking room. They were not very helpful or nice to us at the front desk and I believe it had a great deal to do with our age. We are a young couple but that does not give anyone the right to treat us different than anyone else. Plus they would not give us any sort of discount for the horrible rooms. The room we ended up getting was a smoking room and the lights were shorting out, so we couldn't even use the light switch. It was very discusting. Out of all the hotels we stayed at on the strip, this was the most dissapointing, and the most expensive. I am not pleased with our stay there and it is upsetting that management hasn't done a thing about it even though I have emailed them. So I would not recommend staying at this hotel, it's just a heads up for anyone planning on staying here.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location nice room friendly staff	We just returned from a second 4 day stay and I was a bit leary after reading some reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. There was no check in line at 9 pm on a Thursday and because I was leary of the south tower rooms, we upgraded to the north tower for $20 a nite. The room was big and clean and in good shape. It was a shock not to see a comforter on the bed, but I got another blanket as soon as I requested it. Room service trays were picked up quickly and the free drinks were plentiful when we were in the casino. We did a lot of gambling at Paris so it was wonderful that it was just a short walk from the casino floor at Ballys. We had delicious breakfasts at the sidewalk cafe twice and sbarro's pizza looked good also. We didn't have time to use the pool but it looked refreshing and towels were plentiful. Being one of the monorail stops made travel to other hotels in both directions a pleasure. Plus the shuttle to Rio was a nice bonus. My only complaint is there was no exhaust fan in the bathroom so it was always steamy after a shower. Also the windows should have been cleaned to show off the view. But I would rather see things live instead of thru a window, so I didn't let that bother me. All in all it was a wonderful trip, and I am already longing to go back.	
Apr 21 2009 	Better then expected	I had spoke to other people who said Bally's was old and needed some attention to fix it up. I was not expecting too much based on those opinions. Upon checking in I thought the hotel looked like it was in good shape. Very clean, staff was friendly and prompt. Room was in good condition. Only down fall was that the Player's Club was not open and had to go to Paris to use there's. Not a huge deal as they are connected. I am assuming that even Vegas has had to make cutbacks in this environment. Other then that everything was great and would stay there again.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good location good value nice room	We stayed Fri 4/17 &amp; Sat 4/18. We got a rate of $40 a night thru Casino Junket. Room 1486 was at the end of a long hall in the North Tower &amp; overlooked a parking garage roof but we weren't there for the view. Room had a love seat, desk, comfy bed. Didn't hear any doors slamming or people out in the hall or next door rooms. There was a shampoo/conditioner combination in the bathroom (pet peeve-I like separate conditioner) &amp; lotion. Safe in the closet. Internet would have been $14.99 a nite if we wanted it. Ice &amp; vending machines were by the elevator which was a long trek back down the hall with the ice bucket.Ballys has a monorail station which is very convenient. Good central location for siteseeing. They also have a series of moving walkways into the hotel from Las Vegas Blvd, which is nice.  It looked like all the blackjack tables had 6:5 payout on blackjack so I didn't play. I did have some luck with Double Bonus/Suited Royals (each suit paid different amounts) video poker machines by the keno lounge. Sat morning I put in $20, hit quad queens twice &amp; a straight flush and cashed out $140. Sat evening, I hit quad threes on the 2nd hand &amp; cashed out $100 for my $20 investment.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great value for a great location	Bally's is a great value considering its location center strip. You are about equal distance from both extremes of the strip, Mandalay Bay and Wynn's Encore. You are located directly across the street from Bellagio (I could see the fountains from my room), you are connected to the fancier Paris, and a short walk from the cheap casinos like Bill's, O'Shea's, and the Imperial Palace.Bally's is showing its age. From the outside it looks like a reject from Epcot or Disney World's Tomorrow Land (it's supposed to be futuristic looking, but really only looks like the 1970's vision of the future). It's a little beat up and dirty looking from the outside, but they keep the inside reasonably clean. There are a couple little restaurants, I found the Mexican place to be very good, but not a whole lot in shopping. Don't worry, the hotel is connected to Paris which is very upscale with lots of great boutiques and restaurants. My room was actually quite large and spacious in the South tower, and had a great view of the Paris hotel's pool as well as the Bellagio fountains. The room is clean and well kept (although there is some paint cracking and our nightside stand was missing the handle to its drawer). Every day the room was cleaned promptly and thoroughly. Besides the aforementioned drawbacks, the room had one outlet that was non functional, but other than that it was perfect. Lets face it, you are in Vegas, you probably aren't spending much time in the room anyway.Use your Harrah's players club card when booking. I am not a high roller at all, in fact I had barely gambled at Harrah's in the last year, and I was still able to get the room for only $55 on Saturday night, and Monday and Tuesday night were comped. Like I said, great value for the price.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great stay and location	First time to stay at Bally's and we were pleasantly surprised. No wait at check-in, friendly and we opted for the upgrade for a room in the North Tower. One of the quietest hotels I have ever stayed in on the Strip.Clean rooms.We did see room service trays in the hall but they were removed in a timely manner.Didn't use the pool.Coffee maker in the room.This hotel is an excellent location on the strip which is what we like so much. We will be staying at Bally's again in July.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great If You Know What To Expect	We enjoyed this resort thoroughly. It was nice, clean, and a good area with lots to do nearby. The weather didn't cooperate with us but we still had a real good time. It is a short walk to most everything on the strip. It has tennis courts, restaurants, and the monorail all within a 2 minute walk. It is in the middle of the strip and not far from activities. We were there for 4 nights and did not think a car is necessary.Our room was a decent size, clean and well equipped. The bathrooms and bedrooms were great, the room fully equiped.The north building was one of the best, lots of room, workout room, casino, large sitting areas, snack bar, lots of activities, info and computers.All in all a very nice place which we would go back to, definitely better suited to better weather.	
Apr 17 2009 	Nice place with a great central location!	We stayed at Bally's for 2 nights in April, comped. We had booked a King Room nonsmoking and were placed in a North Tower Room with a partial view of the Bellagio Fountains. It was very spacious; the hallways were also very spacious. The hotel is obviously old - I believe it was the old MGM Grand - but the rooms are decorated with light colors and have lots of lamps. There were some stains on the chair seats and the window was smudged at eye level, but otherwise the room was clean. The casino is small compared to most on Strip; we didn't play much there. We tried Al Dente Restaurant as they had a dinner special for $19.99 which included a salad, pasta entree and dessert. We both tried the Cappellini Pomodoro and liked it so much we came back later on in the week and had it again. The service in the restaurant was also very good. We got 2 for 1 tickets for Jubilee with our comp, so we went to see it. The show was very entertaining, the dancers are great and the costumes dazzling! We also saw Anthony Cools, hypnotist, at Paris. Fun show, but cheap seating - just a bunch of chrome and plastic chairs pushed together in rows. $45 is a bit steep when you consider the audience volunteers are supplying all the laughs on stage, with Cools merely the guiding voice. Also, had to line up outside the theater for 20 minutes to get in. Be warned, the show is indeed raw and uncensored, not for those who are easily offended by profanity. As for Bally's, we would stay there again as the location is great. Tip for good food at a great price: Ellis Island is directly behind Bally's on Koval Lane, a maximum walk of 10 minutes. It doesn't look that great on the outside and has a dark interior as well, but the wait staff is friendly. They have steak and eggs on special often for $3.99 and great rib and steak dinner specials on certain nights. Check it out.	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice room great view.	We stayed at Bally's March 30th - April 3rd 2009. We got to the hotel around 1pm had no line up to check in and our rooms were available for us right away. They offered an upgrade for $20.00 a night we said no, but had wanted a fridge, it would have cost $15.00 a night so we said we would just stock up on ice. We travelled with friends, we were in the North Tower on the 18th floor they were on the 20th. There was no ice machine on our floor, but we just went up a floor and got it. On our way to the room there were some dirty dishes in the hallway, they didn't get picked up for a day and a half, but it wasn't anything to grumble over. Our room was in need of renovations, but it was clean and quite large. The bathroom was big with a tub/shower combination, water pressure was good, and it drained quickly. We had two queen beds, which were very comfortable. The dresser had lots of drawers and the closet was large with lots of hangers. It was quiet on our floor. We had extra pillows and lots of towels, the hairdyer worked pretty good also. Our view was really nice, could see down the strip and the Paris hotel next door, the &quot;Eiffel tower&quot; was directly out our window. The Bellagio water show was visible also. Maid service was great and any staff we dealt with were very friendly. We saw the show Jubilee that is playing at Bally's. Typical old school Vegas show, very entertaining. We did not eat at Bally's but did eat at several other sites. They have a nice little Keno lounge in the casino and a great assortment of slot machines, their tables were always busy. Over all our stay was very pleasant, we knew ahead of time that the rooms were older, but the upkeep of them was very good. We would stay there again, the location is also a plus. We have stayed at other hotels on the strip and downtown and would say that Bally's is a good place to stay for the price, may not be posh but at the end of a long day it served it's purpose.	
Apr 16 2009 	Clean Courteous Convenient Contageous.. Bally's has it all.	My husband and I stayed at Bally's for 5 wonderful nights. The rooms are huge. The room was clean and spacious. Hotel staff were very helpful and available at all times. The casino was clean and tons of fun. The hotel is only a short walk to other casinos and adjoins Paris. It was so convenient, we wouldn't stay anywhere else. The shops and restaurants within the hotel where delicious and fun. The monorail stops at Bally's (one of only 5 stops along the east side of the strip), its a quick ride to the casinos at the north and south ends of the strip. Our memories of Vegas will be ones of fun and adventure. The Jubilee show was fantastic, classy and glitzy. The Hertz rental car is conveniently located right by the guest elevators. Bally' has it all!	
Apr 15 2009 	Great stay and Great deal at BAlly's Hotel	We just returned a week ago from our 3 night stay here...It was very pleasant and we had no complaints about our rooms..I had a comped 3 night stay and asked, nicely, for an upgrade and was given a room in the North Tower as were my friends..We had 3 rooms on the same floor..The casino is abit small compared to the other hotels but it is an easy walk to most of the hotels and an inexpensive cab ride to others..We enjoyed our show at Palazzo, Jersey Boys, and also were impressed with THEIR casino..We would certainly stay at Ballys again as the rooms are large and were very clean. I stayed at Belliago last year and felt my room was as nice at Ballys this year . You can't beat the location....	
Apr 15 2009 	Please Clean The Carpets	Our stay was April 5-10.North Tower.Comped.The location is why we chose this hotel.The room was very spacious.The bathroom was large compared to other strip hotels.The vanity had a granite top and room for your toiletries.Hair dryer as well. It had a tub/shower combo.The shower had great water pressure and the tub drained well.The shampoo,soaps and lotions they provided were Gilchrist &amp; Soames.Nice fragrance.The closet had mirrored doors and it would be the size that you would have at home.Lots of room to hang clothes.Safe is in closet.We also had a clock radio on the nightstand.The bed was comfortable.It wasn't a plush or pillowtop just a plain mattress.They had feather pillows and sometimes during the night you'd get stuck in the face with what felt like a quill from a porcupine!Ouch!! There was plenty of lamps for ample lighting.Two desks,one had a granite top.The view we had was of the AC units and rooftops but we weren't there for the view.The windows could use a good cleaning though.The carpet was filthy.We used towels as our walkway through our room.The upholstery on both desk chairs were stained and dirty as well. We covered them with towels too.Problem solved.Our housekeeper was very nice.Don't forget to tip these women.They work very hard. $5.00 a day really made her happy:) For you coffee drinkers,there are no coffee makers in the rooms.What do you think this is the Holiday Inn??Every hotel has a Starbucks or coffee counter close by.This is Vegas.	
Apr 14 2009 	The price and location are worth it alone.	Even though my last trip was 4 months ago I figured better late then never. I stayed with 3 friends for a 4 night period in mid December. First off for some odd reason I just love Bally's. Why? I still do not know. Is it the value? Is it the location? We were 5 hours early for check in and left our luggage at the guy in charge of the luggage,whomever. We sat at the bar and each put $5 in the video poker and basically drank for free for about 45 mins. We had 3 nights comped and 1 night we paid for. I made sure my buddy requested a North Tower room. The only thing I hate now is if you book a North Tower room online they charge you atleast an additional $30 a night. Its basically the same room just newer and more modern. Well to speak honestly, the South Tower is a dump and is trully outdated,smokey, and lacking anything past the date 1979. So if you book the South Tower room expect just a bed and shower...and if you are not picky you will not mind. Before they started charging an additional charge for North Tower I would just request one at check in. Well now of course they make you pay. But in my 3 stays at Ballys in the course of 5 years I have never had bad service, bad food, bad drinks, bad plumbing....so to sum it all up I have gotten everything I have paid for and have no complaints. I love the pool bc its big and quiet. And I love the fact its connected to Paris. Do yourself a favor....go to the Paris lunch buffett for $17.99. Ive had it 8 times and lovvvve it. The food selection is great. Hell they have a crepe station where a lady makes you fresh crepes to order with fresh fruit. The bakery across from the buffett charges $13 alone just for crepes. But yes, if you are on a budget stay at Bally's!!! It's a great place for the right price.	
Apr 14 2009 	Terrific Time! Took both our 21yr old 	Ballys was great. We were offered to upgrade to the South tower for an additional fee and we said no - since we had 2 rooms and 3 nights. Glad we didn't. The view from both rooms were spectacular!! Our brother and sisiter in law were put in the South tower and their view was the car ramp. Although thier shower had been updated - and a fancy cabinet for the TV - Big deal!The hotel was in a perfect location - the pool opened the weekend we were there - it was too cold for me - but my 9 year old was fine with it.Plan on doing a ton of walking (no matter where you stay!!) They want you to have to pass the slot machines!Went to the Price is right show - pretty fun - none of us got called up, but it was entertaining! Doug Davidson from the Young and the Restless was the host. He is as cute as ever.Went to the secert Garden at the Mirage - very impressive. Bought $36 of M&amp;M's at the M&amp;M factory...... watched the Water show at Belliago (sometimes from our room view). We had a wonderful trip. I was happy that I took my 9 year old - but it isn't someplace I would return to with him again. Maybe when he turns 21 - like my oldest son did while we were there. Vegas is heaven for a 21 year old!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great value!	Super fast check in. Gave us a great room with a view of the Bellagio fountains and Paris Eiffel Tower. Nice sized rooms and bathrooms. A bit outdated and not the most comfortable of beds but clean. Only complaint is no coffee pot in room. Great location...connects to Paris and a short walk to Miracle Mile Shopping or Caesars Palace. Comps good at Paris, Caesars, Rio, Harrahs, Flamingo, Imperial Palace. I would stay here again for sure.	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent location but NO MORE COFFEE POTS!	We stayed at Bally's from April 6 to 13th and have just returned from a lovely trip. I landed a terrific deal when I booked the room about 1 1/2 months ago using Harrah's Total Rewards program (four nights comped and the other three nights were $40.00 per night for a total hotel bill for a week well under $150.00). It really was a steal for that price even for a South Tower Room. At check in we were upgraded to a nonsmoking room on the 14th flooor, at no extra cost to the newer North Tower, where we had stayed in August 2008. I can't compare the South Tower Rooms, but the North Tower rooms are now starting to also show their age due to wear and tear I imagine. The room was not cleaned properly after the last guest (used shampoo, a razor head, and a used bar of soap were left in the shower and a glass with water was on the lavetory sink). Tip for all of those like me who really really want a coffee pot in the room for convience. Bally's has removed all of the coffee pots in their hotel rooms, and you can not get them any more from room service either. Walk down to Walgreens just past Planet Hollywood and purchase an inexpensive 4 cup coffee maker for $10, arrange for a small fridge in the room for the cream/milk, and you will be a happy camper. The cost of a Grande cup of coffee is $4, which adds up in a hurry. All along the strip the hotels and stand alone restaurants have some terrific specials and deals for any foodie types. Our top picks 1- Eiffel Tower Restaurant in Paris Paris (amazing views of the Bellagio Fountain displays and 5 star wait staff service and the food!!! OMG!!), 2- Spago in Ceasar's Forum Shops (meatloaf dinner is to die for), 3- Bon Ami Gaba (breakfast and dinner are terrific.. ask for an outside cafe table). We were not impressed with Bally's Steakhouse (escargot was terrible, but the crab cakes were very nice) and at La Dente the experience was awful on several levels so I would really pass on their price fix $19.00 three course meal..(a waiter cleared a large table for dessert and just stacked all the dishes on a nearby four top table for all diners to see. The meatballs were horribly over seasoned with white pepper). Broadly speaking the stand alone restaurant service and food was wonderful, while casino/hotel run restaurants seemed understaffed with diner type wait staff.Final tip - rent a car for a day from Hertz (located by the North Tower elevators) and explore the Hoover Dam without a tour guide and pop on down to Laughlin, a small town with several casinos about 90 miles south of Vegas.	
Apr 12 2009 	nice rooms great value great location will stay again	This was our 4th trip to Las Vegas and our first stay at Bally's. We found it to be alot nicer than we expected for one of the older hotels. The rooms are very big, beds are nice and comfy, rooms were very clean. We stayed in the south tower in a king size non-smoking room. We will stay there again because you cant beat the deals that they offer and the comfort that you get there.Our only complaint is they do need to add some more people at the desk for check-in and check-out they were &quot;very&quot; slow and only had 2 people working there most of the time. With all the people looking for jobs I would think the could find more people to work there.	
Apr 12 2009	Great Value and location	My sister and I planned a girls weekend and booked the best deal we could find. It was Bally's. When we arrived, room was ready and for an extra 20$ a night (US) we could be upgraded to a &quot;newer&quot; renovated room. So we did that.....Bally's is an older hotel and I had read the reviews prior to leaving but we thought great - we'll do it. The room was fine, a little worn but housekeeping was excellent and it was a really quiet section of the hotel - save for the fact that we were facing a busy road where EMS etc responded to everything from that street, however, other than than it was fine. Bathroom was big so two girls could spread out! Shopped til we dropped....and with staying at Bally's you are connected to Paris and have signing priviledges there as well if you wish. Staff at the front desk were excellent all the time. Staff in the hotel were friendly and helpful. Taxi drivers in town were all great and the only time we questioned our service in Las Vegas was at the P.F. Chang's restaurant..the waiter took off for about 15-20 minutes with my credit card when we went to pay the bill.....I wasn't too happy with that. Anyway, had a good trip overall, had some great food and shopping was fun. Bally's is great setting out point for all the malls!	
Apr 12 2009	Would recommend	We were in town for a wedding at a different hotel and decided to stay somewhere inexpensive. Because we are members of Total Rewards, we got a hotel room for a steal.The room was always clean and neat. The room service seemed to forget to pick trays up, however, and they would sit for days in the hallways.The casino and common areas of the hotel were tired looking - including burn marks at most table games. And, we won at the casino.The pool area was nice despite being in the shadow of the monorail. It is a hike to get to the pool from the rooms.Bally's doesn't have a buffet and the food options were limited. Thankfully, it is directly connected to Paris where there are plenty of good food options.My biggest problem is that everything had to be paid for. Who ever heard of paying $3 a day for the use of the safe? However, when it didn't work our money was refunded without question.	
Apr 12 2009 	The Real Vegas Baby!	Luck was on our side from the very minute we arrived at Ballys. After our red-eye flight, our tired family waited only minutes for check-in. We had a great hotel website deal on two basic adjoining rooms (one for us, one for the teens), but were upgraded to an amazingly luxurious suite. Dining room, living room, kitchenette, private exercise room, large master bedroom with enormous bathroom suite, AND the adjoining room for the kids. The thing I liked about the casino is that it was a quick walk-through to get to the room. Just passed by some slots, which limited the exposure to gaming tables-good when travelling with curious teens. Great location mid-strip. We took the deuce for an overview tour of the strip, and cabs when we wanted to get somewhere directly. We also enjoyed the downstairs mall where a pizza at Sbarros and ice cream at Hagen Daas hit the spot when we needed a break from &quot;fancy food.&quot; You can catch the monorail from here. We were so busy that we didn't get to try out the pool. The hours were short-closing at five or six like most other vegas hotel pools. An extra fun nighttime bonus is that you can see the Bellagio fountains directly across the street. Overall, our stay here was a memorable experience. Would happily stay here again.	
Apr 11 2009 	Bad very bad	First of all we have waiting a long at the reservation'sSecond the room is NOT nice and the not confortable bed at allThe service is very poorA lot of noice inside and outside the hotel and on the floorWe do not recommended this Hotel at allEverything is very expensive in and out of the Hotel	
Apr 10 2009 	South Tower really stinks	First, when I got there, the service at the check-in counter was very slow. The woman who ended up checking us in was very nice but it took a while. I requested a smoking room which is what i got, but I should have changed to Non smoking because the room really reeked of cigarettes. when i asked about changing they told me I had to pay $20 dollars more per day. I guess i didn't pay enough already. My room was a Classic Room in the South Tower. My room was way down the hallway .. The hallway is old and in need of some TLC. It also had kind of a bad smell to it - like a dingy old smoking lounge. Every time we walked down the hallway, there were room service trays outside of rooms; some sat there from one night until the next afternoon -- really gross. The hallway aside, the room was actually pretty nice for the basic room. Decent size room with pretty nice bathroom. I had two queen beds which were comfortable and everything was very clean. There is also a desk in the room if you need to make phone calls but not for reading, the lighting could have been better and the clock radio was on top of the TV, not the most convenient place for it. One disappointment is that there was no coffee maker in the room so if you want coffee in the morning, you have to buy it from the expensive coffee stand downstairs (plus for me, that was a long walk for coffee). Also a little nerve racking when you come up to your floor and there is a bunch security personnel banging on someones door 2 doors away. PS my brother and sister inlaw were in the North Tower beautiful room and no odor. I would recommed the North Tower next time.	
Apr 8 2009 	Best Steak Restaurant at Bally's	Stayed at Bally's 2 years ago. The accommodation was so, so....but at a good value for your money. The breakfast resto was old though. I hope they improve the ambiance plus the food choices. What we liked best was the Steakhouse at the groundfloor. They have the yummiest steak at the Strip. We've been to Lawry's....but we liked that of Bally's way better. We're coming back to Vegas next month...and try a new hotel...but definitely...we will dine at Bally's Steakhouse. Its a must try for old and new Vegas travellers!!!!!	
Apr 7 2009	Needs a facelift but it's a good deal in a great location on the Strip	I just got back from my 7th trip to Vegas. It was just two of us this time - my mom and myself. We just booked it about 3 weeks before and got a great deal at Bally's, by using the promotions we received in the mail from Harrah's. We got two nights free and the other two for a total of $110 (over the weekend ), so I definetely can't complain about the price ! First, when we got there, the service at the check-in counter was very slow. The woman who ended up checking us in was very nice but it took a while. Plus, we had requested a non-smoking room and they couldn't find one at the time, so we ended up saying we would take the smoking one (we actually don't mind, but this is something that I know other people feel strongly about). Our room was a Classic Room in what I think is considered the South Tower. Our room was waaaay down the hallway on the 23rd floor. The hallway is old and in need of some TLC. It also had kind of a bad smell to it - like a dingy old smoking lounge. Every time we walked down the hallway, there were room service trays outside of rooms; some sat there from one night until the next afternoon -- really gross. The hallway aside, the room was actually pretty nice for the basic room. Decent size room with pretty nice bathroom. We had two queen beds which were comfortable and everything was very clean. There is also a desk in the room if you need to make phone calls or use your computer. The view from the room was out toward a parking garage and the back of the other hotels on the strip so not much to brag about (but you can't expect a strip view at the price we got). One disappointment is that there was no coffee maker in the room so if you want coffee in the morning, you have to buy it from the expensive coffee stand downstairs (plus for us, that was a long walk for coffee). Other amenities -- it was too cold on this trip to use the pool but it looked decent from what we saw. Also, there is a fitness center but it is not free. The fee for using the fitness center (including the sauna, I think) is an extra $22 a day.As for location, if you want to stay on the strip and plan on making your way up and down it, then I think Bally's is in a good spot. It is mid-strip, right across from the Bellagio and next to Paris. If you're a gambler, Bally's doesn't have a really big casino floor. They have more slot machines than table games. The tables are a pretty small section, but they had a variety of limits; I even found $10 blackjack on Saturday night since the casino wasn't overly crowded. Bally's is also directly connected to Paris, so you can head over to their casino as well without even having to go outside. Overall - I would recommend this hotel for the value. You won't find luxury but you'll get a nice, clean room for a good night's sleep so you can head out onto the strip each day !	
Apr 7 2009 	Best Price/Location Value in Vegas	My wife and I have stayed at Ballys about a dozen times over the past few years, staying a week at a time. It isn't the Wynn, Bellagio or Venetian! The trade off is between luxury and reasonable value. Ballys is very ordinary by Vegas standards. In fact, there are spots where it is somewhat marginal. HOWEVER, the rooms are generally very clean. The beds are comfortable. And, best of all, the staff is helpful and usually very friendly. There are exceptions to every rule, but these have been our experiences. Additionally, because of the convenient center strip location, you aren't forced into a $30 cab ride every time you want to leave the property. All in all, it isn't perfection . . . BUT it is an excellence value with many things to recommend it. As VERY seasoned Vegas visitors, it is our choice of dollar stretching values on The Strip.	
Apr 6 2009 	Best location on the Strip	Stayed here for 9 nights in March '09. Had previously stayed in Harrah's Hotel (they also own this property) but definitely preferred Bally's. This is the best location in the Strip - opposite the Bellagio fountains, adjoining the Paris hotel, which has Le Village Buffet, the best breakfast in Vegas! The casino in Bally's is smaller than some of the mega-resorts nearby but this carries the advantage of not getting lost/separated from your travelling companion(s) as much. There are several nice bars on the casino floor but attentive staff will keep you fueled up for free while your playing anyway. Rooms are amazingly spacious and the North Tower, while close to the street, is not noisy. Check-in was very efficient, housekeeping was excellent and the rooms are well appointed. The value for money is the biggest draw, midweek prices in Bally's can be as low as $65 per room. I can't find fault with this hotel, save maybe that the air conditiong in the corridors was ramped up a bit high for March. Doubtless it would be welcome in June or July.	
Apr 4 2009 	Location Location Location	Been to Vegas many times and Bally's is one the best places to stay if you consider location, cost and type of accomandations. Rooms are large by vegas &quot;strip&quot; standards, comfortable and almost always cheaper than other casinos around it such as Bellagio, Ceasars, Paris, Planet Hollywood. Casino is a bit small but but will have some $10 tables. Paris and Bellagio are a short walk. Monorail access to the east side of the strip if you'd rather not walk. Shop at the Forum shops at Ceasars and watch the Bellagio fountains.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great place!	Just got back from Las Vegas again, this time stayed at Bally's. That place was great! Under rated for sure. It is an older hotel so keep that in mind, but the rooms are clean and quite large. Marble in the bathrooms. I was surprised at all the little shops and places to eat. Did not like the Tequila bar though, bad service and burnt food. That was my only complaint. Yummy pretzel place downstairs going to the pool, check out Satisfy my Sole if you love shoes. That place was great! The pool area was quite nice and the pool was very clean. Great thing about Bally's is that it is attached to Paris, and there is a walkway to the Bellagio. Center strip as well, very close to everything. Of course this place is not fancy like the Bellagio or Caesar's Palace, but I give it 5 stars.	
Apr 3 2009	Enjoyed!	We stayed at Bally's on March 23, 24 2009. I usually stay at Excallibur but had never stayed in the center of the strip before. The price was right so we stayed at Bally's for two days and finished out trip down at the Excalibur. We stayed in the older section of both hotels. We are only looking for clean, confortable rooms because we don't spend much time in our rooms so this is fine. If you are looking for exceptional, these are not the rooms for you. Everything went well at Bally's and we were completely satisfied. The room was clean and served it purpose. It was nice being in the center of the strip. I hate the new buildings they are putting up because it blocks the view of looking down the strip. You can not see MGM, NYNY, Excalibur from here anymore because of the new buildings going up. To be honest, I am starting to think I will stay downtown next time. The strip is getting to commercialized with shopping malls! Not for me. I love Vegas and go about once every two years. It is a fun place and Bally's is a nice central hotel at a good price.	
Apr 1 2009 	best trip to Vegas in a long time!	I went with a friend and stayed at Bally's for the weekend as a belated birthday gift. The rooms were nice, clean, but nothing extravagent. The service was fine we didn't have any problems but they also didn't go out of their way for us. Our favorite part was the proximity to our favorite slot machine and the room!!! And the fact that it wasn't over crowded. We are going back soon and are upgrading to a suite at Bally's because we enjoyed our stay their so much. We definitely recommend!!!	
Apr 1 2009 	Sterling Brunch	Awful...not worth $85.00 pp....this was our 3rd yr and it will be the last...our 1st yr, the food was wonderful, including lobster, caviar, champagne, etc. Last yr it was so-so, decided to give 1 more chance, big mistake, worse than ever!!! Do not go....	
Mar 31 2009 	Great location terrible customer service	My son's girlfriend stayed here while my son and I stayed at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon most of our trip, but we stayed with her at this hotel for 2 nights. She had a conference there for a few days. When we stood in line to check in, we were amazed at the amount of people in line. There had to be 100 people. I have never encountered such a line at any hotel that I have ever stayed at. We couldn't get out of it or go somewhere else because they already had her credit card numbers. We waited one whole hour to get to the front of the line. That was very irritating. Not only did we wait an hour, but when we got up to the front desk the guy told us that he didn't have a room available for her, she would have to take a suite for one night and move for the next three. That was not acceptable to us (to make her move after one night) so I nicely told the man, whose name was William, how unhappy we were about this, plus the long wait , and he apologized but said that there was nothing he could do. I asked to speak to a manager, because I wanted him to do something for us,for our hour wait and no room for her, when they already charged her credit card. A man named Dennis came out, said he was the manager, but I'm still not sure that he was. I was still nice but a little mad by this point. I told Dennis the whole story and said that moving the next day to another room was not acceptable. I asked him if she could just keep the suite for the whole time for our troubles. He said he couldn't do that, and when we got even more perturbed, he said for us to hold on, went in the back, and came back with a room for her. I asked him where the room came from, why he didn't have it 15 minutes ago, and he made up some story about people checking out late. If that was true, it wouldn't be cleaned and ready. Well,this whole scenerio took about 1 1/2 hours at least.The location is great, easy in, easy out. Also, the pool closes at 6, which is very early, especially when the weather is 85'.	
Mar 31 2009 	Ballys and Harrahs are getting Old and Tired	Mr. Bill Harrah wouldn't stand for the conditions of his once own casinos. Harrahs was famous for its 4 star facilities and service. Now its a just another casino trying to make a buck. We were there for the March Madness and won't go again next year. $ 2.50 for a Pepsi out of a machine. Can't find a Coke. The Piano Bar at Harrahs has 2 piano's They haven't been dusted in weeks. I remember just a couple years ago that everything was fresh and clean. The plants around the Ballys entrance are dying or died. That was never the case in the past. They've gone budget. I know I'm rambling but I was just simply disappointed.	
Mar 31 2009 	The worst stay I had ever!	Thought I was getting a great deal! boy was I surprized! First of all the check in took an hour, the while checking in I was treated very rude, because I wanted to pay cash for my stay instead of using my credit card. I then asked if I could see the room! but it was not ready! they then tried to push me into paying 20 bucks more a night, they then told me I could see the upgraded room,and that I had only 15min. to see it, and get back to the desk to tell them if I wanted it ! glad I didnt take it, for it was nothing special over the room in the south tower, the south tower odd # rooms do have a good view of the strip if you can see thru the dirty windows! I then Had to wait anouther hour for the bellman to bring my luggage to the room, after calling several times to see where they were!The next day I discovered that a camera was taken out of my room! I then alerted security,so they could check into this matter, security did the best they could to help! an they were very pleasant to deal with, unlike most of the other staff! the bathroom flooded twice,and had to wait around 40min to get it cleaned up! I also saw them going into other rooms with plungers and mops!I don't gamble alot, but I spent about 1500, in the sports book, and the said they were to busy to give me credits on my rewards card, never received points for my room cost either! however a couple restraunts did give me points! The last night I was there I saw their show and I loved it! didnt get reward points for that either! I checked out the next morning, that even took 30 min, personel didnt ask about my stay, or say to me , have a good day! I would not subject anyone to such a disappointing stay!!!!! this was clearly a waste of 5 nights, of one of many trips I make to las vegas! I can go on and on! housekeeping cant even make a bed! and that's pathetic!I beg you all that read this! stay at other properties not owned by ballys!!! They don't give a damn about you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 26 2009 	Bally's Fear?	I just came back from vegas today after 4 nights at Bally's I was a little concerned about staying at Bally's after reading the reviews. But it was Great, I arrived also on Sunday the 22nd at 11am, There was a very long line to check in, but it only took about 10 minutes. The check-in lady was very nice she asked if I wanted smoking or non-smoking. I told her it did not matter and she said if I took a smoking she would upgrade me for free and I could get my room right then instead of waiting till after 3. I said great. The room as nice, smelling really fresh for a smoking room. The TV's need to be upgraded, but there was a fridge in it and I wish the sliding glass windows would have opened.EVERYONE I came into contact with working at Bally's, Paris, Harrahs and the Imperial Palace was very very freindly, no one was compling at all, but a few dealers were not very talkitive. Food is a little pricey but that is the way vegas is now and they are inline with all other casino's. I would stay here again or any Harrahs Casino. I really have not had a bad expeince in the last 10 years at one, other then years ago a very snotty floor manager ( but he is gone )I am not sure what the bad reviews are all about but if you are used to staying at the newer bigger casino's ( wynn, Balligo,ect) then you might not be as happy but I look for a clean room and casino and freindly staff and Bally's was way above my standards this time... :-)A Hidden pluse is Hertz has a car rental booth there and I returned my car there instead of the airport rental booth where I picked it up, Thus saving me the worry and money of getting back to the hotel if I returned it there. And the teller as also very nice.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great stay; the perfect place for us	My wife and I just retruned from a 5 night stay (3/19-3/24) at Bally's. After dealing with flight delays all day, the last thing we wanted to hear at 10:30P when checking-in (took 5 minutes), was the Deluxe NS room we had reserved was not available. We were promptly upgraded to a suite for the night, however, at no extra charge, and moved to a Deluxe NS room in the updated North Tower by 10:00A the next morning. Our room was very large, clean and comfortable, with a King bed, plenty of closet space and very quiet. No coffee maker, however.Bally's is ideally located center strip on the SE corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Flamingo Rd. It is connected to the Paris (another Harrah's property), with the Belagio (fabulous fountains) directly across the strip. Bill's Casino/Hotel (a hidden gem) is across Flamingo Rd to the N, next door to the Flamingo, with Caesars across the strip from Bill's. Planet Hollywood, Harrah's, the Venitian, Treasure Island and the Mirage are within easy walking distance. Bally's also offers a free shuttle service to the Rio (another Harrah's property).We found the staff to be very freindly and helpful. Our room was always promptly serviced after we would leave in the morning. The restaurants were very good, although the service at the Sidewalk Cafe was rather slow at times. Excellent food and service at Al Dente. We also ate at the Le Village Buffet at Paris (excellent, highly recomend) as well as the Seafood Buffet at the Rio (very good, but a little pricy).The casino area, although not extremely large, was open and relatively smoke free in comparison to some of the other casinos we visited, and had a wide variety of slots and table games available.If you are looking for a &quot;party place&quot;, this is not it. But if you want ambiance and fun in the classic vegas style, Bally's is the perfect place. Definitely would stay here again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Enjoyed my trip	I enjoyed my trip to Vegas. The staff was nice and always smiled. The room was a normal room but it was what I expected. I won in the casino. I enjoy going to all Harrahs properties they have excellent benefits for your spending. I would go back to Bally but I want to stay at all. I would recommend it.	
Mar 24 2009 	Weekend trip to Vegas 	Have been to Vegas several times prior, but had not even been in Bally's. However, after seeing a great sale online in January decided to give it a try.We arrived on Friday afternoon. It was crazy with all the March Madness action going on, but didn't have to wait that long to check in. We were originally booked in the South Tower, but asked if there were any upgrades available. The clerk brought out a picture book of other rooms, and told us the upgrade prices, but we opted not to upgrade to a suite. He did, however, upgrade us at no cost to the North Tower. The room was spacious and very clean. We could see a little bit of the fountains at the Bellagio. Overall, we were pleased with the room.The property is connected with Paris so walked through that often. Only downside was pulling our luggage through this mall areas.Did eat on-site, but did see &quot;Price is Right.&quot; They give a 25% discount to hotel guests. Location is also good on the Strip - right where we wanted to be - by Planet Hollywood and the Bellagio and not too far a walk from others.We had a good price and I would definitely consider staying there again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Perfect Location	Our 10th trip to Vegas and we have stayed up and down the strip. This trip we stayed for the first time at Ballys. Upon check in, we ask for an upgrade to a view room and got it with no problems. Our room faced the strip and the fountains of Bellegio. Convenience to most everything on the strip is the big plus for this property. It is an average walk to all the strip sights and other casinos. Local transportation was easy to obtain although the wait for the Deuce was quite long and taxi rides anywhere were high. Expect to pay $20 to get downtown in a taxi, but it is quick. $3 will get you downtown on the Deuce and $7 to ride all day, if you have the time and patience. Food was &quot;pricey&quot; everywhere unless you were comped for your gaming. Drinks were also very expensive unless you were gambling. We took in the Ballys pool and paid $18 for an 18oz. drink. We charged most everything to the room and upon check out ask for some comps, which we received about 1/2 off what we charged. My wife took in the Donnie and Marie show and was very happy with the preformance. On a budget and looking for convenience, try Ballys.	
Mar 22 2009 	Very Basic	The rooms were very, very basic. There is no coffee pot or fridge in the rooms. Nothing is included with the room, you have to pay for everything - internet ($13 a day, per computer), the workout center ($22 a day), and coffee ($3.50 a cup). To get the pool, you have to walk through the casino and &quot;mall&quot;, which is awkward in your bathing suit. By the time you add in the cost of all the extras, you can probably just get a nicer room at a hotel where these things are included, especially if you are traveling with others.	
Mar 22 2009 	Nice but Old	We stayed in the non-renovated south tower rooms. While the furniture was definitely old and the room had not had a significant remodel in more than 20 years (as evidenced by the MGM Grand evacuation plan on the door -- the MGM Grand became Bally's in 1985) the room was clean and maintained. The beds were comfortable and the room was very large. One concern - all three members of my group developed symptoms like we were all coming down with colds - the symptoms would fade as we stayed out of the room during the day but return each morning getting worse as the week went on. We never figured out what was causing our illness but we suspect an allergy to something in the tower.The staff was friendly and helpful with one exception - the front desk clerk when we were checking in. He seemed as if he wanted to be anywhere but there. &quot;Doc&quot; in the cafe was a standout and one of the best waiters I've seen. The entire team at the pool was also incredibly friendly.Overall, Bally's stacks up well against the other older properties but I wouldn't stay there if the room rates are much higher than the comparable hotels like the Sahara or Tropicana.	
Mar 21 2009 	Very NIce	The hotel was very nice, rooms were clean and large in size (in North Tower). We were on a non-smoking floor but someone had been smoking in our room. The only item we could not understand was food trays left outside rooms in floor. We could see the same trays left for three days and no one on staff would remove them.	
Mar 20 2009 	Left a lot to be desired	the room was ok; they upgraded me to jr suite for $20.00 more a night; that was ok; but, didn't even have a coffee pot; friends were staying there to in same tower and had a jr suite exactly the same kind of room and they had coffee pot. I left note for maid the next morning; note was ignored; housekeeping was done poorly my friends had one day with no houskeeping service at all. I finally got my coffee pot three days later the night before I was checking out!!!!!!; it probably wouldn't of bothered me as much if it wasn't that I had to pay $20.00 for the upgrade and be inconveinenced every morning to go down stairs to buy coffee!!!!!!	
Mar 20 2009 	e.g. Loved every minute of it	I had chosen Ballys because I had stayed at Ballys in Atlantic City and was very pleased with the overall accommodations. However, I was not as pleased with Ballys in Las Vegas. I had asked for an up grade and put in the North Tower. I had a view of the side street and the window was so dirty, I could not see the view very well. I wish I had not taken the upgrade; the South Tower was closer to the strip. However, the overall location of Ballys is great. Centrally located.	
Mar 19 2009 	Good value too mush food in hallways for too long boring	Arrived the first night of three to be told that they were full so that we had been moved to a higher level room. That was fine, but it was a smoking room and I have asthma.They were unable to give us another room, so we forced open the balcony door (by removing two screws installed to prevent just that) so that we could breathe.Both of us had terrible headaches by morning.We were given a non-smoking room the next day.Some room service food items were left in the hallways for 24 hours. Fairly distasteful. Windows filthy enough to obscure the view.Overall, an OK hotel, but not themed and fairly boring.Paris is next door and connected by a walkway, go there for food, fun, etc.	
Mar 19 2009 	Great Deal Great location on the strip	We stayed at Ballys from 3-16 to 3-18,2009. The hotel is in the center of the strip, next to Paris, across from the Bellagio and Ceasers Palace. The room was nice, you can tell it is an older room, but you dont spend much time in your room. The bed was comfortable and the bathrooms were clean....the towels did have a funky smell to them, but I never complained, the windows were very dirty so the view would of been nicer ( our view was of the Paris Eiffel tower and Bellagio fountains).We used the safe one day for a charge of 3.00 but they took the fee off.	
Mar 18 2009	Great Value	Great value, large spacious clean room.Service was great, staff was cordial, friendly and very helpful.Would highly recommend your hotel and will definitely visit you again. Kudos to your staff - did not run into anyone who was not cheerful.Thank you for a great time.	
Mar 18 2009 	Superb	I have stayed at several hotels on the strip and I must admit, I was truly impressed with the service and the hotel. The staff was friendly, courteous and very, very helpful. Room service was delightful and the food, OMG it was superb! My recommendation would be to anyone who is looking for value and service to stay at Bally's Las Vegas! Truly, truly SUPERB!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 17 2009 	Great hotel at a good pricw	I was in Vagas this past October for the first time ever. I can tell you that i loved it and I will be going back every year. The hotel was very good, casino was clean not always packed. I mostly played poker and there was almost never a line, always the right amount of tables open. The very best thing about this hotel was its location. Right in the middle of the strip across from the Bellagio fountains (which i could see from my room). everything is walking distance from this hotel and that made it so easy to get around. Any time you go down to Vegas I think the best place to stay is in the hotels right in the centre of the strip (Bellagio, Ceasars, Paris and Bally's). Out of the 4 I mentioned this hotel gave the best deal for the week and was close enough to the others that walking to attractions and shows was quick. Next time i go to Vegas i'm hitting this hotel again (unless i win the lotto, then i'm going to the Wynn)	
Mar 17 2009 	Good Enough!!!!	Checked in to Bally's @ 8 pm 3/9 took about 20 minutes in line as they only had 2 people manning the desk. Got a room on the 64th floor right next to the elevator...REALLY LOUD everytime the elevators moved (they offered to move us, but was only sleeping there 2 nights as we stayed up all night the 3rd night) The room itself was large, clean, and came with a wet bar/ mini fridge. The beds were hard, but the pillows were soft. Used the spa service on 3/10 and was completely satisfied with both the facilities and the massage. The slots were tight, but the poker players were loose!!!!! Made $300 in 3 hours Tuesday night. Overall for a comped room this was great.	
Mar 15 2009 	decent	Not a Vegas fan. But since we had to be there for business and this was what was available...Bally's turned out to be better than we thought it would be. The room that was supposed to be a non-smoking room turned out to be surprisingly smoke free. Last time in Vegas everything smelled smoky. Even the casino was not too bad. The food in the cafe was decent too.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great stay at Bally's	Bally's is my new favorite hotel. Check in was ok. I had a comped room and was told over the phone if the north tower with renovated rooms were available i would get one of those. However, at chek in i was asked if I wanted to upgrade to the north tower for $20.00 a night. No chance of just getting it for free. Anyway, I took the upgrade. Very nice room. Huge, almost like a suite. I liked the layout at Bally's. Everything was easy to find. Good place to eat, nice lounge with good bands. All of the dealers I encountered were very friendly. Great location. I will be back again. Oh yah, they also told me over the phone the safe was free and when I got there, they charged me $3.00 a day to use it.	
Mar 14 2009 	Don't get suckered into paying the extra money	At check in at various times of the day (we all arrived at different times) we all got different stories about how our pre-paid room rate was not a good room and if we paid $21 extra per night then we would have a great renovated room.Room was not renovated, windows were so dirty you could not see through them and a layer of dust was on the shower rod in the bathtub.They even charged you $3 a day to use the in-room safe which most hotels give you for free.Pool was also closed so we had to go all the way over to the Paris Casino to use theirs.Hotel location is great but stay here only if you want a cheap room to sleep in. Otherwise if you are going to pay $79 a night you might as well stay at another hotel.	
Mar 13 2009 	in need of renovation.	This Hotel is in need of a total over haul. We did save on the room because we booked a 1 bed room suite, but it looks like i stepped back into the early 90s. the furniture and Tv's, bathroom...The WHOLE PLACE needs to be updated. For the money i guess it was ok because it was just a place to sleep. Not much of a Party hotel...more for an older crowd late 40s to 80's....AC system in hotel Lobby not so great...Smoke was Thick...they had two power outages while i was there...reset everyones Machines...that wasnt fun. ok place to sleep...look elsewhere for fun. Slots paid out though..i guess thats the only good thing!	
Mar 12 2009 	One of the best trips ever	Let me start off by saying that after reading mulitple reviews of Bally's Las Vegas, my expectancy was very low. That all changed once I stepped inside the hotel. The check-in line was very long as we checked in on Friday afternoon, i would say our wait time was 10 minutes. The lady at the desk was extremely friendly and courteous. My boyfriend asked for a room with a view and that is exactly what we got. We were able to see the Eiffel Tower at Paris and the beautiful Bellagio water fountains, as we stayed in the South Tower. There were trays in the hallway as we entered our rooms, but by the time we unpacked and walked out to start our fun filled evening, they were already picked up and this was the case the entire weeked. The rooms were a bit old fashioned, but what is to be expected at a classic hotel. The size of the rooms were great. They were very roomy. The location was awesome and we were able to walk conveniently everywhere that we wanted to go. The bathroom was also nice with a full size mirror which was great. I also loved the fact that Bally's is connected to Paris and we were able to just walk through the casinos to get to both hotels. I must say that I had a wonderful time here at Bally's, got a mind blowing rate and cannot wait to come again. This will be my choice hotel from now on.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great hotel perfect location very clean	We really enjoyed our recent stay at Bally’s (4 nights, Mar 6-10). We were looking forward to staying at Bally’s because we really like the location (centre strip) and the fact it connects to Paris. We received an email from Bally’s with a promotion, and got a really good rate for the south tower. We upgraded to the north tower before arrival for $20 / night, and were really happy with the room at the north tower.The RoomThe room was quite large. We had two queen size beds, a large desk with two chairs, and another table with a chair. There was a nice amour with TV. There was even a one cup coffee maker. The bathroom was a good size, lots of towels, and a nice tub/shower. Everything in the room was very clean and fresh. The bed linens are duvet style, which I prefer since I get a little nervous about comforters on a hotel bed. The room was extremely comfortable and clean, not overly fancy, but suited us quite well.The CasinoThe casino is smaller than typical Vegas casinos, however, I liked this because it meant we could easily get around. The location of the north tower rooms is great. When you go down the elevator you are not too far from the monorail (convenient) and only a short walk to the walkway to Paris. It doesn’t take long to get to the strip either.TipsIf you are looking to buy bottled water, snacks, alcohol, etc, consider making a short walk from Bally’s out to Stage Door (just down the street on Flamingo) or the 7-11 on Koval (beside Ellis Island, a great place for good food). This can save a lot of money, as a gallon of spring water at 7-11 is $1.99, which a small 500 ml bottle at Bally’s is about $4.Overall we had a great stay at Bally’s, and will likely stay here again. The prices are reasonable, and the rooms are large and clean.	
Mar 10 2009 	A Pleasant Hotel in the Best Location	This was our first stay at Bally's and it probably won't be the last. We booked the South Tower but due to my player's club status, we were upgraded to a North Tower room with a partial view of the strip. The room was classy and spacious compared to what's standard on the strip. We had plenty of room to spread out and we were more than comfortable. The service was great in every deparment: The bellmen were friendly, checkin was fast and easy, the housekeeper rocked and the valets got our car to us quick. There are two points keeping Bally's from a five - the walkway and the casino. The walkway to get to the strip got on my nerves. You don't have to use it but the main entrance is set really far back from the strip so either way, there is a long hike with nothing worth seeing to get to and from the actual complex. As for the casino, it's boring! The slot selection is weak and the casino has no personality. The saving grace were the cocktail waitress. I was constantly asked for my order and it always came quick. Despite the few shortcomings, I would stay here again. For the average price, Bally's is a great deal and because of the location, you are in the heart of the strip. The overrall package is hard to beat!	
Mar 7 2009 	Very Good Value and Great Location	Just returned from a 4 night stay at Bally's. As many reviewers here have said, Bally's is a good value, and it has a perfect location mid-strip. It is obviously not the best hotel, in terms of 5 star status, but for the price paid, it was definitely above average.One set back, however, was check in. After waiting a couple hours for our &quot;upgraded&quot; North Tower room to be ready, we finally entered, only to find a room that had not been cleaned yet. Management responded with an upgrade from that, at no charge. That was obviously the right thing to do, and it kept us forming a bad opinion immediately, over that small mess up.The room we were moved to was in the North Tower as well (the North Tower is the remodeled tower, so we were told). It was nice, and humungous. Probably 700-800 square feet. Big King bed, and sitting area. Up a couple steps to the bi-level was the bathroom / jacuzzi area. Huge, huge jacuzzi. Two vanities, his and her closets, two private commode rooms, one with standard toilet, one with bidet. Very nice.Only nit-pick here was that some of the bathroom area seems to have been missed in the remodel. For example, the marble and tile work. While the rose-colored marble / travertine was still in good condition, it was a bit dated. Grout areas a little dirty, etc. In its hey-dey, when brand new, I'm sure this room was penthouse caliber. But with age, and lack of the right maintenance, comes a slightly run-down feeling. Again, still above average, but in needing of some additional remodeling / updating.Rest of room was fine. Newer carpet, newer furnishings. All in good repair. Room service was very good, too. Tried it several times, each time was a positive experience.So in summary, Bally's will definitely be a great choice for you, if you go in with the right perspective. If money is not an object, and you want the best of the best, pass on Bally's. There are nicer properties in LV. But if you like an upscale place (say 3.5 - 4 star)with a perfect location, and budget does factor into the equation, you want go wrong staying here.	
Mar 7 2009	A Great Getaway	If you are looking for top of the line resort in Las Vegas, stay away. However Ballys is a great place to stay in Las Vegas. The location is perfect, almost the middle of the Strip and it is on the Strip so you are in the centre of the action. From here you can walk either direction in a short time. Not as many choices for dining here, but enough to keep you happy. The lounge in the evening is nice, in the casino and no entrance fee (just buy two drinks). The casinio is always busy. One night was at the Wynn and it was pretty quiet and came back to Ballys and it was busy.Service is great here. I arrived around midnight and was told my room was not available so they upgraded me right away to next room size. Now that's service. Would not hesitate to go back.	
Mar 5 2009 	Good location and good value	Stayed here for 5 nights over NASCAR weekend. I was on the 16th floor of the North Tower. The room was nice and big. I had a problem with the toilet not shutting off one morning, and housekeeping took care of it promptly.The sfaff was very friendly and knowledgable, and the location can't be beat.I've always felt the casino is kinda &quot;blah&quot; (and still do.) But I won a lot of money in there on this trip so I'll gladly put up with &quot;blah&quot; from now on! Drink service was very good at all hours of the day.I enjoyed my stay at Bally's. This isn't the Wynn or Bellagio, but you're not paying for those kind of prices, either. Bally's is a very good value. Just don't go in there expecting the Wynn and you'll be fine.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great Stay For The Price	Me and my wife stayed here for 3 nights and 4 days. Upgraded the room to the north tower. Rooms are newer in the north tower. Everyone was pleasent and helpful. Perfect location on the strip and reasonably priced at $53.00 a night. Room was very large with a king size bed that was very comfortable and large bathroom. I would reckomend this location to everyone!!!!! AND HAVE SOME FUN!!!!!!!!	
Mar 4 2009 	Great value for the Strip	We stayed one night on a fluke. Our plane was cancelled and had to find last minute accomadations for the night- and Bally's was the cheapest with availability on the Strip. Since we were there for only one ngiht, they bumped us up to a large suite. The room was gigantic - could have been three rooms put together. Had a full bar/kitchenette area, powder room, large living room with 3 couches, dining area, and then a completely seperate large bedroom with two closets, and a grand bathroom (his and hers sinks, toilet, bidet, tub, and seperate shower.) The decor was very old, from the early 80s with no upgrades since. But it was very large and better than sleeping at the airport terminal!	
Mar 4 2009 	Home	Las Vegas has a unique way of building monstosity casinos with designer shopping and glamorous statues/ornaments to compliment. Ballys stays small and original without all the fancy glitter. Access to your room is reasonable, food is what vegas has to offer-succulent all around. Ballys has everything Vegas has to offer, especially centered on the strip accessible Vegas' world of adult serendipity. You will feel home at Ballys, where as, you would feel lost in a mega casino such as Bellagio or MGM. Those casinos are too big for any staff to care or consider who you actually are. I've been to Ballys now 7 times, during my second stay the dealers and bosses who were still employed remembered my name and drink. I am 27 years old and definately not a &quot;whale,&quot; as I usually bet the house minimums.	
Mar 4 2009 	nice place if you pay enough	We stayed in Bally's for 5 nights, but I wish I could forget the first night. The lobby is smoky and the casino was dull. We were assigned a regular room in the South Tower. It smelled smoky and faintly of sewer. When we walked into our room, there was still toilet paper in the toilet. The room was dingy and old from celing to floor. I didn't want to take my shoes off at all. I saw long blond hairs all over the linen cover and I'm a brunette! It was everything the negative reviews had said it would be. I slept fitfully on the hard lumpy bed thinking of fleas all over me. However, the nightmare became a full reality when I woke up at 7:20a.m. and had only cold water for a shower.  When we complained, the front desk explained &quot;that happens when everyone is showering.&quot; Um, no, it does not! She then asked if we'd be willing to pay an extra $50/night to stay in a suite in the newer part of the building. We figured for $200/night, it must have hot water. It felt like a completely different hotel. It had fresher air, new carpet and tile, and even larger accomadations. We realized they skimped on everything in the old room: more and bigger toiletries, an actual coffee maker, newer furniture and fixtures. We had a large tiled bathroom area with sunken jacuzzi in the center. They even put a bidet in there, which was interesting. Completely different room. And even better, I had hot water no matter how long I was in the shower. Since I stayed here at the end of February and early March, I didn't have to deal with long lines for checking in or out. Overall experience was nice. However, I visited our friends' rooms at the Encore and Paris and decided that their standard rooms are much nicer though a little smaller. You must pay for internet, use of fitness center, and use of safe. Be aware of all these things before you stay here. Also, the lobby is nicer at the sister hotel, Paris. I think I'd prefer the Paris hotel more, but our suite room was just so big and nice! A few tips about Vegas: &quot;Rent a car as part of a package deal&quot;: parking is free, everything is so far apart like nice dining and more sightseeing, ie Hoover Dam, and renting while here might be pricier. &quot;Eat outside of the Strip&quot;: Everything has gone up in price, and what hasn't is not very tasty. (Excaliber has a huge buffet that's $25 all-day/all-you-can-eat or $19.99 early dinner for 2, but it's not too great after a few bites). &quot;Comfortable shoes:&quot; You will be walking like nowhere else. Up and down stairs of bypass walkways, running from lobby to lobby to check out all the awesome hotels, dancing it up at clubs. Don't even bring the &quot;nice shoes&quot; because you'll be walking barefoot on the second night. &quot;Cheap poker at O'Shea's.&quot; They have $5 tables with low max bids. If you're just getting into poker and don't want to lose your shirt, try there and go before midnight. The tables fill up! &quot;Be friendly with your cab driver:&quot; He can give you free passes into some hot clubs like Pure at Caesar's Palace. Have fun at Vegas!	
Mar 3 2009 	very dissapointed in their customer service	was there with my friend for a convention after i assured her ballys was a great choice since i have stayed there many times... we arrived at about 3.30 am, when we checked in the girl at the counter did not appear to know what she was doing we stood there for over 15mins when the stay was already paid for, aggravated i asked why it was taking so long... there was no apology and we were given our keys... went to bed since we had the convention in a couple of hours... until we were sitting at lunch and we were paying and her card gets declined!! wasting time, and multiple calls to her bank it showed that ballys had overdrawn an extra 400 dlls on her account plus the 3 nights that has already been paid for, i was very dissapointed and upset since it was my idea to stay there... went up to the counter i figured it would be something to be resolved quickly... they gave us the run around saying it would get fixed that day and it didn't... the next two days were multiple visits to the representatives at the counter with promises that never happened. they were short and rude as if it was her fault and not theirs... we are now in march and they still have not fixed their mistake keeping money that does not belong to them, i am embarrased to see my friend so stressed calling everyday trying to fix this, we all know that such amount of money will throw off all your automatic payments and that overdraft fees are not cheap and they add up very quick.. as a result of this after being their customer for many years that was my last stay there and never again will i recommend them to any of my friends or family....	
Mar 3 2009 	great palce great location	There are are more luurious places in Vegas but, Bally's has a perfect loaction, great staff, and clean comfortable rooms. Hard to go wrong!	
Mar 1 2009 	Acceptable - Decent choice for the $	Did not have a choice and stayed at Bally's for a conference. Have not stayed there in 12 years. Nothing has changed, I am sure it is all the same decor. Looks very dated. Everything about the hotel was OK, nothing exceptional.Rooms were big but not luxurious. Everything in the room clean and functional.There was nothing really wrong with our stay, but when spending my own money I much prefer staying at the nicer properties in town.	
Mar 1 2009 	great location and price	We stayed here for 2 nights after returning from the Grand Canyon.Arrived Wed 25th.at approx. 4.30pm.check in was quick (5 mins). I asked if we could have the nicest view possible as we were celebrating my husbands 50th birthday....we ended up with room 7333..top floor facing the eiffel tower and the Bellagio fountains..wonderful.I need to thank &quot;racegrrl&quot; who put an amazing promo code on the forum...$35.00 a night!!!. The room was huge, and although it is not very modern, it was clean and the beds were comfortable.We would definatly stay here again, not just because of the cheap rate, but because of the location and friendly staff.	
Feb 28 2009 	outdated furniture	Just got back from our trip to LV. Stay was wonderful, but our room was not too comfy, although, it was huge &amp; bathroom was too. Furniture was outdated, didn't seem too clean either. But we didn't spend too much time in the room anyways. The table dealers &amp; bartenders were extremely friendly though, which was great.	
Feb 27 2009 	great location	This is a small hotel for vegas, which isn't a bad thing. There are no long walks to your room or to breakfast. Perfect location in the center of the strip.	
Feb 24 2009 	Love It	spacious rooms, excellent view ,wonderful staff we,ll be back ,perfect hotel to stay in the strip is central to all the malls and the hotels .the show (jubilee) was excellent overall my stay at bally'swas perfect i will go back any time lLOVE IT.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great location...center strip.	Bally's is located center strip with the Bellagio and Caesars Palace accross the street. Price was good. Hotel room in North Tower was a very large room with a love seat, king bed, desk and a large bathroom. South Tower might have a better view but the rooms are nicer in the North Tower. Casino is smaller scale, compared to all of the other monstrosities on the strip. Overall good value, location and it's connected to the Paris, very short walk. I would stay again.	
Feb 23 2009 	Lovely spacious room with a wonderful strip view	On check in we requested 2 adjoining rooms on a high floor in the north tower, ( we used the $20 trick ). Our rooms on the 21st floor were very spacious and well maintained with wonderful views of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower. The beds were very comfortable and there was always plenty of fluffy towels.The coffee maker was an added bonus. The central strip location was excellent, as was the walkway through to Paris. The casino did appear very dated and could be doing with some upgrading. Excellent band in the bar each evening. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Bally's.	
Feb 21 2009 	Good Location 2	Review Titled Good location by Octoberbride is the same experince I hadthough I stayed 2/16 to 2/20	
Feb 19 2009 	Good location	We went to Vegas from Sunday to Wednesday. Our room was okay, wall paper peeling, no where to put your stuff in the shower, ect. There were at least 3 room service trays in our hallway for at least 2 days while we were there. The hotel is okay but it is in the perfect location. It is terrible, though, every time you come in and out to have someone hound you to go look at Harrahs new condos or time shares. There is a little &quot;cafe&quot; that we ate breakfast at. They ran out of plain bagels by 10am when we got there (they open at 7am) and the egg sandwiches are terrible. The only other restaurant we saw was Sbarro by the monorailWe didnt use the fitness center but its way out of the way and you have to pay to use it. You also have to pay $3 for the safe everyday that you use it.I would only recommend this hotel because of the price and location. If you are looking for high class this is not the place to stay.	
Feb 18 2009 	went downhill fast	I've been going to Vegas over Super Bowl with a large group for about the last 20 years. The majority of those years we have stayed at Bally's. I was amazed at the changes I saw in just one year. The hotel itself just looked shabbier. There's peeling paint and just a general lack of cleanliness to the place. I checked in on a Sunday. As I got off the eleavotor there, on a table by the windows, was a styrofoam container with someone's half eaten carry-out dinner inside.When I checked out on Wednesday, it was still there. The hotel's restaurant situation was just as bad. The buffet and deli have closed down. We ate at their steak house one night.Very expensive, and the quality has suffered. I ordered Chateubriand and it was served with, believe it or not, potato chips. That was a first.Not everything was bad. The front desk and the staff at the poker room were friendly and effecient. And, of course the location is great. Unfortunately, it's just not the hotel it once was.	
Feb 18 2009 	Perfect place to stay	I was a bit nervous about staying at Ballys after reading some of these reviews, but my worries were all for nothing. We arrived at 11am, our check in went smoothly and they did offer us an upgrade for $20 a night, but the clerk suggested that we not take it if we were only going to be using the room for sleeping. Ours was an older room but it was perfectly fine - comfy beds, awesome view - you can't get any better than this. Would definitely stay there again!	
Feb 17 2009 	Basic place to sleep	We arrived around 11am on Sunday. Check in line was 40 minutes long. the room wasn't ready (not a surprise since it was pretty early). Was offered an upgrade to a Junior Suite for $25/night. We passed. We were told that the room would be ready at 1pm and that there would be another line dedicated to folks just picking up keys. Went back at 1:30...no special line, so we waited in the check-in line again. Just 20 minutes or so this time. The room was ready. It was in the South Tower, 73rd floor (the top floor). Walking down the hallway, there was a room service tray outside the door of the room across the hall. This remained there for 4 days. At one point someone tripped over the tray, broke a glass and glass was strewn through the hallway for the next few days. The room was large with a king size bed and 2 fairly comfy chairs. The view was pretty nice, overlooking the Eiffel tower and we could see about 1/2 of the fountains of the Bellagio. The carpet was stained and patched, the bureau drawers were broken but usable. Everything was beige. Bed was quite comfortable. Towels were fluffy and the maid service was quite good. All the employees were very friendly with the exception of the check-in staff...they were quite cold. Didnt care for the casino...dont know why, just didnt get a good feeling there.One note of caution if you are planning to see a show out there...we found this place (several actually) called Tix4Tonight. It was in front of Bill's Gambling Hall across the street and was touting 1/2 price tickets. We waited an hour in line and bought tickets for Cirque do Solie (KA). We were charged $109 each and were given a VOUCHER for a ticket which we had to present at the actual box office of the show (MGM) to get a real ticket. We were told the sooner we got there, the better the seats. So we walked right over, waited in another line there for about a half hour and got our tickets. The face value on the ticket was $87.50! So I paid an extra $20/ticket for what??? You're better off just going directly to the box office to buy your tickets..who knew? 1/2 price??? I dont think so. Anyway, the seats were very good, 6th row, center stage. Worth the money to us, but we could have gotten the same for 20 bucks less. Live and learn I guess. All in all a pleasant experience, and the location is perfect, just about dead center in the strip. But, I dont think we'd stay there again.	
Feb 16 2009 	We had a great stay at Bally's Las Vegas	I am in Las Vegas several times a year and stayed in different hotels, but let me tell you that I had a great time at Bally's Las Vegas. I was not due into Las Veags until Feb 11, 2009, but I called to see how much it would cost me to come a day early and the told me that it would not cost me a dime. Arrived at the hotel on Feb 10, 2009 check-in went great. Received keys with coupons for different 2 for 1 drink specials as well as dicounts for food. Room was great, we had a king size bed with a couch, chair and two desks. the room ans service we received for these 4 nights was great.	
Feb 16 2009 	What A Nightmare!!!	7 of us went out to Vegas for my wedding, we had to check out at 11 am on Sunday and had to leave our luggage with the bell hop people including my wedding dress because our flight was not until later that evening. When it was time to leave Bally's and get our luggage I was MORTIFIED at what I saw when they brought me my wedding dress that was in a nice bag from David's Bridal that I purchased. It looked like they took the bag and literally ran it through a shredder then dragged it up and down the strip!! When I brought it to their attention they laughed at me!!! I just could not believe that I was treated like this, and we spent A LOT of money at this hotel. On our wedding night our dinner alone cost over $700 at their Steakhouse, but we were just another dollar to them. I would not send my dog to this hotel to stay!! The staff is rude and uncaring, the rooms smell and they don't even have ventilation fans in the bathrooms, you can't open the windows it is just a nasty hotel as far as the rooms and the staff. The casino is decent, God knows we spent enough time there!	
Feb 12 2009 	Good Value for Great Location	Perfect location for sightseeing on the strip. Great covered walkway to Paris-Paris Hotel. Rooms are very dated, but have large bathrooms. Bed was firm, but room looked clean. South tower room on 6th floor. Good view of strip.	
Feb 12 2009 	Great stay great hotel great location!	We arrived Sunday afternoon to check in - there was quite a line but it moved fast. Had a very friendly and professional young lady check us in. We had booked a South Tower room, but was given a North Tower room, 21st floor, facing airport. Very big bathroom, wonderful linens, everything super clean. The TV was &quot;haunted&quot; (turning off/on by itself, changing channels on it's own), a call to maintenance and we were told the hotel really was haunted, but they would still send someone up to look at it. No one came, but it really was no big deal as we were not there to watch TV.Went down to explore the casino and sign up for the players card, couldn't find the booth, asked two employees and no one knew where to send us - turns out they closed the on-site player's booth and we would have to go to Paris. No biggie, we thought. Well, it's WAY on the other side of Paris from Bally's. We eventually found it and signed up. The casinos in both hotels were very quiet, and it turns out it was the case everywhere we went.One negative experience, we had a letter in our room at check in that offered us discounted tickets to both Jubiliee there in Bally's and Penn &amp; Teller at Rio. We wanted to see Penn &amp; Teller, so in the morning we went down to the box office and was told quite rudely that to get the discounted price, we had to go to Rio and buy the tickets there. I protested that the letter didn't say that and we didn't want to waste time going there now in the morning, but she didn't seem to care. As it turned out we took a chance to buy the tickets right before the show, got nine rows back center stage for half price an hour before showtime. It was a great show and the price was terrific! Penn &amp; Teller greeted the audience after the show to sign autographs and that was very nice!Played a bit at Bally's, cocktail service was very quick and friendly at both slots and tables. It was about the only major Strip casino that we saw cocktailers of all ages and sizes - and we thought that was very cool! Every casino employee we dealt with were terrific - fun dealers, nice waitresses. They had a great band in the lounge called JAMM, really enjoyed them. Moving walkway to the Strip was not working our first day, but was up by the second day. The walkway to Paris is very nice and convenient, with lots of neat shops and restaurants. We dined at LeVillage Buffet in Paris for dinner and it was very good! Used the shuttle to Rio and it was fast and convenient.We would most definitely stay at Bally's again, the location is terrific and convenient to the best on the Strip. Super friendly staff for the most part, and very well kept property.	
Feb 9 2009 	Surprisingly nice stay	I recently stayed here for 2 nights with a friend. I had reserved a South Tower room, but upon check-in, we were given a North Tower room, which I think is supposed to be nicer. The room was very nice - clean, spacious, nice furniture, granite bathroom. There are express elevators to floor 16 and up, which we used and they always came quickly. We had a westward view of Rio and towards the Strip. My only small quibbles were that the bed linens could have been softer and more comfortable, but I still slept fine. And the bathroom only had about 3 toiletries: sham/con, lotion and soap. Nothing else. But given the great location of Bally's and the nice room, I'd stay there again anytime. Room was nice and quiet - no street noise.	
Feb 4 2009 	Bally's RUINED my ENTIRE weekend!!	Where do I start?? I went for the Vemma Royale Convention which was held at Bally's hotel in Vegas. I drove from San Diego, got there about 3:30 am, checked in and went to bed. Next day we went to lunch and my credit card declined!! Bally's had charged my card almost $400 IN ADDITION to what I had already payed to stay there for 3 nights! I went to the front desk, they apologized said they will take care of their &quot;mistake&quot; To make a very long story as short as possible, they never fixed the problem. They over drew my bank account, so all bills I had paid prior to going bounced, I had no $ whatsoever for the entire weekend, not even to eat! after many managers, supervisors and a whole lot of stress, all they can do is offer me 2 tickets to Jubillee their show! im sorry but how about some FOOD!? They finally gave me $100 food credit for the weekend until they can reverse the charges they added to my card. Well, I wasn't even able to go to my training class for Vemma which was the purpose of my trip because of dealing with what they did to me. trying to straighten things out. NOTHING GOT STRAIGHTENED OUT. Just a bunch of empty promises. I didnt have enough gas to get back home, but they didnt care. I had to borrow money from someone to get home 3 days later. They promised to credit everything back, plus all my overdraft fees which now total over $400!! It is now 2 WEEKS LATER and guess what??? I AM STILL NEGATIVE IN MY BANK, have went thru hell these past 2 weeks, got my cell phone shut off, my husbands phone is shut off, everything is a mess because of their &quot;mistake&quot; and have caused me a lot of emotional stress and completely broke and not knowing what to do. they havent given me the credit they promised and i dont understand why. what is so hard about fixing the mistake when they are such a big company?? im extremely pissed off and have a constant headache. I have now moved up to corporate i am tired of dealing with people who don't knw what they are doing..im done! This has been the worst trip i have ever taken to Vegas!! THANKS ALOT BALLY'S MANAGERS! by the way, I hope the staff feels good about me having to take my kids to eat at my moms because i cant even afford to buy them a double cheeseburger for .99 cents! and im not kidding! This is a true story! BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU STAY THERE, CHECK YOUR CREDIT CARDS/DEBIT CARDS RIGHT AWAY...SOO SOOO SAD..	
Jan 27 2009 	Bally's a Great Place to stay	My H and I arrived in Vegas on Thursday morning of 1/22/09 at 9:45am. When we arrived at McCarran, I discovered that one of my bags was missing. That started the trip on a downer, but I was sure they would find my bag eventually.We had hired a car to pick us up. The driver was at baggage claim awaiting our arrival. All went smooth. We arrived at Bally's in a timely manner.I will go through the major topics. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask. I am a new Diamond member. We reserved our hotel from 1/22-25 and received 2 comp days and had to pay $85 for the Saturday night.Checkin - Checkin was smooth. There was a short line, but it moved smoothly. Being a new Diamond member, I didn't know that I could have bypassed the line. The lady at the desk told me. I was given a King Suite in the North Tower. The room was ready so we headed up.Rooms - The rooms are fairly large. They needed some upkeep but they were clean and well kept. The King Suite didn't look like a suite to me, but I had nothing to compare it to. It was nice.Casino - ALL of the Dealers were fantastic. The staff at Ballys were phenomenal. I really have nothing bad to say about any of the employees. They were great. They had quite a few $5 tables. We had a good time.Paris - We walked over to Paris a few times. The casino and its dealers were very nice...we had a good time, but their tables would go up pretty often, so we always went back to Bally's. Its really funny....I normally play $10, but I don't like a casino to tell me that's the lowest I can play...I like the option to play less if I so choose.We visited Hard Rock, Rio, Riviera (Had a ball there), Gold Coast (they took out a lot of their tables) and Paris.All in all we had a fabulous time. We would definetly stay at Bally's again, and in the end we stayed another day and got comped for our entire stay. We didn't have to pay a dime.Food - We mostly ate room service, but we went to Bally's Steakhouse and the cafe...both were nice, but of course the Steakhouse was fantastic. The food was great, but a bit over priced.Bally's could use a renovation (peeling paint, old decor, etc.) but all in all it is a nice property and we would definetly stay again. Below I have rated our hotels from the best to the least best. Please note that we have never stayed anywhere that was horrible.Planet Hollywood (the bathroom was the best)Mirage (Everything was nice)Bally'sExcaliburLuxorRiviera (in no way a bad property, just the lowest of where we stayed)	
Jan 25 2009 	Consider this hotel	We stayed at Bally's on a Wed. and Thursday night and couldn't be happier with our experience! We usually stay at Paris or Mandalay Bay Hotel but won a trip to Las Vegas and it included the two nights at Bally's Hotel. Our check-in was smooth and staff very friendly. Once you get on the elevator, you are wisked on an express to the 16th floor and beyond, saving alot of time waiting for others to depart, etc.. We never had a problem getting an elevator which was not the case at other properties. Our room was huge, great bed, linens, lots of fluffy towels and a large granite bathroom. The view from the 17th floor included the strip and fountains at Bellagio. It was very quiet (no street noise) and all the furniture was new. The best part was when exiting the elevators, you can walk down a short hallway and be right inside Paris so it feels like you are staying at that property! Be aware it is an older property without the bling of the newer casino hotels but I would consider staying here again since you don't spend alot of time in the room - extremely comfortable hotel!	
Jan 24 2009 	Cheap 	I stayed at Bally's in January for three nights. They were running a really attractive sale. I think my bill for all three nights was $142 (including taxes). The location is good and the hotel is basically well-appointed. I stayed in a room on the 9th floor of the North tower. My room had an atrocious view: an empty lot across the street and the track for the monorail. I didn't expect much better for the price I paid. I was pleasantly surprised by how well maintained the room appeared to be. The furnishings were in good repair and seemed pretty modern. However, I have two main complaints:1. They let room service dishes sit out in the hallways for hours and even days at a time. I had to call for them to pick up my neighbor's dishes on two different days. If I hadn't called, who knows when they would have thought to come back to get them. That's sad because the general maid service was good.2. The bed was the single most uncomfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. I remember a friend telling me that he also thought the beds at Bally's were too hard. But I chanced it anyway because of the super low price. It really wasn't worth the low price because the bed was SO unbearable. I tossed and turned and slept very poorly because of the terrible mattress. If you normally sleep on the floor or a wooden board, then this is the hotel for you. If you want to sleep on something even slightly more comfortable, go somewhere else. Even Circus Circus must be better.	
Jan 23 2009	Bally's in Las Vegas has poor sercurity system and bad management style	we have been Las Vegas for so many times, but first time stayed at Bally's. My husband lost his pants and cellphone at Swimming pool. They couldn't find the thief because their survaliance system not working. After we reported to the hotel manager, they just say &quot; Sorry, but there is nothing they can do about it. &quot; They leted us deal with the claim department, which is end up we're not qulified for anything. We will never go back to stay at Bally's again. Terrible! Terrible!! Terrible experience!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	great location	We stayed at Ballys for our first trip to Las Vegas. The location was great. We could walk to just about everyplace we wanted to go. Took the bus a couple of times. The hotel was clean and comfortable. No problems with check in, housekeeping etc. The outside pool area looked nice, but it was too cold to use it- closed for the season anyway. They have a shuttle that takes you to the airport for a nominal fee- cheaper than a taxi. Not much of a gambler but had fun playing slots.	
Jan 22 2009 	Very satisfied	I'm late writing this review but we booked 2 rooms at Bally's for December 30th to January 2nd. We paid $115 a night for each room, booked on hotel website, which was a really great deal for the New Years holiday. Both rooms were in the south tower on opposite sides of the hallway 71st floor. Check in was fast and friendly. The rooms are the biggest standard size rooms I have ever stayed in. The bathroom is also larger than average. The decor is slightly outdated but really for that price who cares. Views were really nice. One room had a nice view of the Bellagio fountains and of the Eifel Tower. Rooms were always cleaned thoroughly and pretty promptly too. The staff throughout the hotel and casino is super friendly. I found the location to be ideal, pretty close to being center strip. Bally's is connected to Paris as well which was nice and you are able to cash chips in at either casino. We had breakfast at The Sidewalk Cafe. The prices were very reasonable, the food was good, and the service was excellent. They also have a cafe at the bottom of the elevators called Java Coast which is open 24 hours. They had good food and coffee but the prices are a little high there. I paid $4 for a small bottle of Dole OJ. I will definitely stay at this hotel again. All 4 in our group had a blast on our trip and our experience at Bally's contributed to that.	
Jan 21 2009 	great experience	I had a great experience at Bally's. I booked a room in the South Tower but they upgraded me to the North Tower without even asking. The room was very clean and large. I did not have to wait long at check in. The best thing about Bally's is their central location. I am looking forward to going back sometime.	
Jan 15 2009 	Would Definately Stay Here Again	My brother and I travelled to Las Vegas to attend our cousin's wedding. When planning the trip, I was up in the air about Bally's and the Imperial, and in the end, chose Bally's, and was glad I did. Other guests of the wedding that we were attending stayed at the Imperial and would have switched hotels if they could have. It was a real dive. They spent as much time out of the hotel that they could and only returned to sleep.Ok, our flight got in around 11:00 PM and we took one of the shuttles into the hotel. There were about 5 guests ahead of us to check in and it went quickly. I had requested a room in the North Tower (after looking at different reviews) and also had $20.00 in my hand (which I ended up tipping the counter attendant with). We were told that there were no rooms left in the North Tower that night, but they would put us in a suite for the night then would be moved the next day. We were good with that. Well, the suite had as many square feet as my house (1,800). One huge kitchen / bar / full bath / living room with pull out couch / two tvs, and much more, and a wall of windows that overlooked the Eiffel Tower next door... nice. The bedroom had a king bed, two dressing areas, a sunken hot tub, an enclosed shower, enclosed toilet, and thirdly an enclosed bidet. The wall of windows in this room also overlooked the Tower.After a quick sleep, we were still on our home time, so we were up and gone by 9:00 their time and we spent the morning exploring and sightseeing. We came back to switch rooms and they moved us to a nice room in the North Tower. The room was clean, modern and enjoyable to be in.The hotel may not have been the fanciest on the strip, but we found it located centrally, and if we wanted glitter, glam, and to be wowed, we just had to walk out the door, and turn right, left or cross the street. You can wander all the hotels to see the sites, but there isn't really a need to pay the extra just to sleep, which is what we were using our room for. The casino was pretty much the same as all the rest (we didn't gamble very much).Check out was quick and easy (we just had to settle up for the high speed access) and we hopped a shuttle back to the airport.If I ever get the chance to head back to Las Vegas, Bally's is the hotel I'm choosing, which I also reccommend to anyone who is heading that way.	
Jan 14 2009 	Wow What A Great Room	My wife and I just returned from Las Vegas from our honeymoon we spent 7 days 6 nights at Ballys. We were given a king Suite with everything you could possible want in a room. From the hot tub to king bed to safe to what a view of the city this room had it all!!! Would recommend to anyone for the price you cant beat Ballys Las Vegas!!!!! The slot machines are tight at this casino we didnt win anything at all but didnt do too bad at the tables!!!! If you get to vegas stay at Ballys!	
Jan 14 2009 	Great location mid-strip clean helpful staff and plenty to do	Ballys was recommended to us for it's location. We upgraded our room to a junior suite and it was MASSIVE! They had executive suites available too but ours was plenty big enough.We stayed in the south tower. The room had a super king size bed, TV, dining table and chairs, 2 huge comfy chairs and 2 fitted wardrobes either side of the bathroom. The Bathroom had 2 sinks, a sunken bath, a spacious shower, a toilet and a bidet. All in all, it was extremely luxurious. The view from the room overlooked the Paris hotel pool and Eiffel Tower straight on, but if you looked left you could see about 3/4 of the Belagio fountains pool and therefore hear and see most of the fountain shows.Ballys has a extensive casino and loads of restaurants or fast food outlets for getting food, plus downstairs there are a large selection of shops too. I'd recommend the nail bar, I had a mini-manicure and it looked great for days! Go see Bobbi! There's also a pool and access to the Vegas Monorail from the hotel.You also get coupons for money-off in the buffets of the other Harrah hotels (Haraahs, Rio, Paris etc) which were well worthwhile using. The Harrah's and Rio buffets were out of this world!Downsides to the hotel were minimal. As in the other Harrah hotels you are harrassed when walking into each hotel by timeshare sales staff, but if you can manage them they're just a slight annoyance. There's no theme to this hotel, but it's attached to Paris so you're not far from some glitz and glamour. The escalators were always breaking, but there were lifts available to use.I'd say Ballys is great for older travellers not bothered by the overwhelming pomp and ceremony in the themed hotels, but then again we were on honeymoon and it suited us fine (we're in our mid-30s). I would have preferred to stay somewhere younger but can't complain about the service and facilities here.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Hotel in need of repair!!!	We have stayed at Ballys several times in the past. After a 1 and half year break, we came back to Vegas and stayed at Ballys for 2 nights , and I was appalled by the state of disreppair this great hetel is in. I shouldn't have been that surprised, because last time we were in Vegas we stayed at Paris (also owned by Harrahs) and already noticed that Harrahs has decided not to put money into maintaining its properties. Ballys still is desirable for its location in the middle of the strip, which makes it very convenient to walk to other great hotels and casinos, and the lobby and casino are still OK, but the rooms and hallways obviously have not been touched for a while. Most appalling is the peeling wallpaper everywhere, the peeling paint on the bathroom cabinet and the rusty towels rack in the shwoer.(is this still considered a 3 and half stars hotel???) I've taken some pictures, see for yourself. I'd say Ballys should drop the room price to equal that of a 2 stars hotel until they've put some money into restoring what used to be a great hetel.	
Jan 11 2009 	Horrendous	We arrived at the Bally hotel at about 1.oo am after a long flight from the Uk via Atlanta (five hours stop over) We had to queue for over 45 mins to get checked in. At the desk I handed over my reservation code from my travel agent, the was no polite &quot;Sorry you have been kept waiting&quot; the girl then went into a rant about how every one had been fired because of the recession and she will upgrade us. I said thank you and took the key card from her. We were told how to get to the room . The room is massive with the oldest ugliest furniture I have ever seen, this stuff wouldn't even sell in the Oxfam shop , stained , chipped, clunky 1960/70 style with ashtrays everywhere.Yep its a smoking room ( I did not realise this was allowed still) I have a very tired and sick man on my hands and all he wants to do is sleep, he cannot bring himself to change rooms so I let it go. I try to find the TV remote , getting my hands dirty in the process and realise the TV and the cabinet it is housed in is dusty and covered in fingerstains and behind it is even more muck and dusty and a collection of wires. There is no remote.I sleep in my long t shirt and we both get up after about 6 hours of sleep , we shower and my partner tries to shave and in none of the two sinks does the plug thing work , we block it with a plastic cup so he can have a shave. We leave without breakfast I have no idea if its even offered. I can't wait to get out of this hell hole.I hand a letter to the reception telling them how bad the room was , the receptionist looks at it and shrugs his shoulders.	
Jan 10 2009 	Go Somewhere Else!	During the trade show time- got a good rate thru Expedia.com. Reserved a deluxe room which is $30 more per night than a standard room. Tried checking in around 2pm the room wasn't ready. (Told the check-in time is 4pm). Came back around 5pm and the room was still not ready. Had to settle with stinking smoking room. The deluxe room had pretty much no amenities like coffee maker, bottled water, bathrobes, feather blanket. Inside the quality is simiar to a motel other than hi-speed internet. The location is nice but that is about it. Would not opt to come back.	
Jan 7 2009 	Don't waste your money	My friend and I booked our stay at Bally's through a website. When we got there we were offered a Deluxe room at an additional $20per day. The deluxe rooms were renovated with additional amenities and better views. We agreed to this, but then were told that the room would not be ready until 3 pm. We agreed to return at that time and check in. When we returned, we were told our room was given away and there was only the lower floors available. We were upset by this since we agreed to what we were offered to begin with, and then we waited for 3 hours to get it. To compensate us the manager offered to only charge us for three nights of the upgrade price rather than the five days we were staying. At this point we had no other choice but to take that offer. The day before we checked out we looked at our bill and saw that the bill included charges for five days of the upgraded $20/day. We called the front desk, spoke with that manager and went through the whole story again. He agreed to take off the 2 days like we originally agreed to. Then at check out time, you guessed it. The full charges for the five days were back on the bill again. We went through the whole thing again for the third time. This manager was not helpful at all. He kept insisting there was nothing he could do about it. I told him to speak with the two other managers who already agreed to removing the two additional night charges. He said he would look into it and email me what he finds out. That was two days ago and I have not received an email, nor have I received my reduced compensations that was promised upon check in. I would not recommend this hotel for any reason. The &quot;Deluxe&quot; room didn't look any different than any other room. It did not have any extras, the carpet was stained, there were no bedspreads. It was a total waste of money. The view was of the rooftop with lights shining right into our window. And they are so disorganized, they don't even know what each other is doing because they don't put notes in the computer to verify what they have promised the guests.	
Jan 6 2009 	No major complaints	We stayed at Bally's in a standard North Tower room for three nights in December 2008. Unfortunately when we checked in, we were informed that they did not have any non-smoking rooms available for us with a king-sized bed. Our choices were a smoking room in the north tower, or a queen-sized non-smoking in the older South Tower. Fortunately for us, the smoking room turned out not to have a lingering smell and overall was extermely clean and spacious with flawless furniture. On one of the three nights we did perceive a heavy odor of smoke evidently from one of the adjacent rooms that share an air vent, but the that was just once. Overall the room was large and well-appointed for the price, although a lack of mini-fridge was at times inconvenient.I would say that the primary reason to stay at Bally's (or indeed to visit Vegas) is not to linger in the room. In that respect, this hotel/casino has several advantages. First, it is rather well located for exploring some of the more ostentatious nearby properties (e.g. the Bellagio is directly across the street, Paris is immediately adjacent, etc). In fact, Paris is directly connected to Bally's casino (and shares a parking garage) and we found that our daily routine involved coming down the elevator, bisecting the casino floor and heading directly into Paris for their excellent breakfast buffet. On the whole, I find that Bally's was a competent hotel with no major negatives and with an excellent location smack in the middle of the strip.	
Jan 4 2009 	Bad experience in Bally's	We just returned from Las Vegas on Dec 31, 08. Our trip was great except having a bad time in Bally's. We were treated impolitely when we did the check-in. The staff's attitude was rude and not professional. We couldn't even see a smile or a pleasant look on her face. After checking in, we asked for a map of Vegas Strip at the Bell Desk, the staff didn't say anything but just tore off a page (map) from a magazine and gave us that &quot;map&quot;, he then threw the whole magazine into the garbage bin right away. Do you want to be treated in this way on your very first day of holidays? When we entered to the hotel room, we were surprised that the room was smelly and dusty (we'd been told that it was a non-smoking room and we'd paid at a regular rate for staying for three nights). Moreover, there was an empty envelope with coffee marks left on the bedside table. There were no coffee- maker, no hot/cold water, no fridge in the room. We stayed three nights in the hotel and we found the room service was terrible. They just replenished the soap, shampoo and towels but not changing any bedsheets or cleaning the room for you. Anyways, if you don't want your trip to be spoiled with bad hotel service, please remember to stay away from Bally's. Good Luck!	
Jan 3 2009 	No problem!	Ballys..a decent comfortable hotel..accomodating when travelling with others(will do their best to put you, at least on the same floor).Casino...smelled strongly of cig smoke(as most casino's do down there!)(we're all non-smokers)Shops..not many but a huge outlet mall close by(my husband and I didn't go but our friends did)Planet hollywood has lots of shops as well..actually all the hotels have some shopping experiences better than Ballys.Restaurants...only ate once for breakfast at ballys( a little pricey)..rest of time went to Denny's about a 10 min. walk from Ballys.Ballys is connected to Paris through a cobblestoned walk way that are quite slippery when wearing high heals! Very pretty though..gives you a feel of walking through &quot;old Paris&quot; with little shops and cafes.Getting around: bring comfortable shoes..so much walking!!!!!The mono rail is expensive($5. from Ballys to Statoshere area one way) Where you can take the &quot;Duece&quot; double decker with stops all along the strip for $2. good for 24 hours!Things we did: Grand canyon /Hoover Damm tour...awesome, breath taking scenery!! A must see! Explored nearly all the big name Casino's...4 days is not long enough..each casino has a different theme with so much to see..my fave was Caesars Palace.My husband and one of our friends went on the crazy rides up top of the Stratosphere..which dangles you over the edge of the tower...I stayed on the viewing platform taking fantastic view shots of Las Vegas at night..Another great View is top of the Eiffle tower..go up at dusk and watch as the sun sets and all the Hotel lights come on..stay a little longer and watch the Ballagio Fountains do their thing!Only went to one show..at the stratosphere...live impersonations of Michael jackson, Elvis, Rod Stewart..quite good..with a photo op and autograph signing at the end..Michael was the best!Las Vegas...been there done that...another pin on my travel map..would we go back? ..maybe...	
Dec 27 2008 	Great place to stay on my first trip	A $0.02 Tuesday promotion drew me to the Bally's web site. I paid $200 USD for 4 nights from Mon-Fri. Paired with a $252 flight from priceline my trip was $100 cheaper from any package I found. My reservation was in the South tower. I used thetwentydollartrick.com and was upgraded to the North tower. My room was outstanding - springy king size bed, plush loveseat and glass coffee table, desk and table, plus a large bathroom with a towel rack and shelf for shower products plus a shelving unit for towels under the sink. I had a nice view south of the top of Mandalay Bay and a mountain range.I did notice a few flaws in the room: peeling wallpaper along the bottom of the window; partially plugged shower head; chips out of the toilet seat; chipped paint on the bathroom shelves. Also, dirty exterior windows which is a common complaint and to be expected when you can see the airport from your hotel.Bally's is in a prime location in the centre of the strip. It was ideal for my first trip as it allowed me to explore the south strip on foot and the north strip and downtown by monorail/bus.I walked south to Excalibur several times (only Luxor and Mandalay Bay are further south). Going north is a longer trip and Bally's has a monorail station, plus the Deuce (bus) has a stop right in front of Bally's on Las Vegas Blvd..The casino was busy at all times of the day. It is one of the smaller ones I saw which makes the hotel easy to navigate. There are restaurants, shops and the sportsbook along the walkway to the monorail.I was far away from the elevators and the hotel was quiet except for one family with several kids who I heard come in around 9pm every night.I would recommend Bally's to anyone traveling to Las Vegas.	
