	Nice Hotel shame about the unfriendly/unhelpful staff	The rooms are very nice and we couldnt fault the room service/bellboy staff. However the Reception and hotel spa staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. We planned to get married in Las Vegas, so on the day of the wedding, I asked the Spa to do my make-up only to be told they dont do bridal make-up in the hotel? I decided to go and book a hair salon appointment anyway (the Salon staff were very friendly and professional) and staff asked if I wanted my make-up done aswell. Why did the spa staff tell me they didnt do it? As we were getting married, at least five messages were left at the hotel for us, we never recieved any, reception told us they were not there to pass on messages! My best friend tried to buy a bottle of champayne for us to go to our room, again she was met with the same unhelpful attitude saying to her ' we dont' do that'!On check-out we asked for the use of a day room, the receptionist told us that no hotel offers that service and we could pay $30 each for a day pass to the spa. this we refused to do as we had paid quite enough in room rates.This is the first hotel I have come across that does not allow you the use of a day room.	
	Extravagant	Pros - Huge flat screens, tv's in the bathroom, very nice deep tubs w/salt crystals, in room services...top of the line. Great food in the hotel. Quality shows &amp; gambling.Cons - Slow drain in the standup shower. $14 for the internet per day. $25 each way cab ride to the Las Vegas Convention Center.	
	Nice Hotel but ended on bad note	I traveled to TheHotel with a friend for a weekend getaway. I uses the Centurion American Express travel service which utilizes the Fine Hotels and resorts program. Upon checkin, I was told of the amenities of the FHR program, which included the 4PM checkout, which I was told I would have. The stay was nice, the free breakfasts were nice, but on the last day the service fell through the floor. I left the city at 12:00, and my friend stayed to watch the games and check out. At 2:00 he could not get in the room, called the front desk to get let in, was sent a security guard to be let in. This guard stayed to watch my friend pack, was told he could not stay until the guaranteed 4PM check out. For as much as this hotel charges, and to be part of the FHR program, I have to say I was extremely disappointed. It caters to a higher consumer, but it has to deliver exceptional service, which it did not.	
Nov 25 2009 	Got Married At THE Hotel	Amazing! Everything we could have dreamed for was at this hotel. The bedding and room were amazing! We stayed in one of the VIP V suites, with the most wonderful view of the strip. Because we got married there, we were comped nearly everything, and still recieve offers for free stays there. The first chance we have, we're going again. Their soaps are so amazing, that I ordered some from the hotel for special occassions. If you're looking for a treat, try it at least once. AMAZING!	
Nov 21 2009 	An awesome and elegant hotel. Attention to detail!	We were comped two nights in a suite and THE Hotel. It was awesome. The suite had two bathrooms, 3 televisions, a wet bar and a beatiful bathroom. The rooms are very quiet - we could not hear anyone in the other rooms. There is a door bell for the rooms at THE Hotel - nice touch. We been to Vegas many times and have stayed at Golden Nugget, Paris, Treasure Island, Monte Carlo and Planet Hollywood. THE Hotel is by far the best we've stayed at. Our next stay will likely be here.Some past reviewers have complained about the walk to get to the Mandalay casino. Its not that bad, maybe 5 minutes. You can also walk in-doors to Luxor and Excalibur - its a bit of a walk, but again not that bad (you can also take the tram). The hotel is at the end of the strip, and it does take some time to walk to Treasure Island, however its good exercise to burn off all the calories from drinks!There is no actual casino in THE Hotel - there is a casino in Mandalay Bay. Its nice after a long day of gambling and drinking to come back to a quiet hotel. The casino at Mandalay bay was good, we spent a lot of our time there. Won some money at the slots.THE Hotel does seem a bit expensive. We paid $50 for a cheese plate which is a lot. However, we did get a good variety of cheeses, crackers and fruits. Bottled water was also expensive - but its what you would expect at any hotel. We ate breakfast in Mandalay Bay - it was good. Nothing awesome but not bad either. In THE Hotel, on the main floor, is a wine bar/lounge that has a happy hour from 5-7 with decent prices for wine.One of the best aspects of THE Hotel is the beach area. We were there in October so it was not as busy. It also was not that warm but still an awesome pool and beach area.Overall, THE Hotel is an awesome hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great hotel nice place to stay in Vegas	A great Vegas stay any way you look at it. Try to get a room facing the strip as the mountain side looks at light commercial areas and the AC system of the hotel. I have no complaints about this hotel though except that the bed spreads were a little worn and dirty and for two days there was a very strong sulfur smell in the hallways from them cleaning the spa (and I was on the 22nd floor….)…I stay at hotels all over the world for work and I can truly say, this is very comfortable and very nice, I highly recommend it.	
Nov 13 2009 	A Nice Quiet Place	We've stayed here several times. It is located in the Mandalay Bay complex, but is separate. The rooms are nice and modern with plenty of room for a couple. I haven't seen any children here, which is a bonus. Overall, it was very quiet and void of riff-raff.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Hotel	We went and stayed their for 4 nights with our kids, amazing hotel, amazing suites, very very clean. The decor is amazing. My wife loved it. There are several pros to this luxury hotel and very few cons. First with the pros: Like I said the suites were very big and nice, the hotel valet entrance is in the back so you can avoid all the hassle of Mandalay Bay front entrance. Staff is very helpful and nice. Some people in their review complained about gas smell, we didnt experience it, it was very please and smelled very nice. Room service is very quick. The bedroom is huge with the a separate living room area with office desk and small kitchenette Plasma tv in the room and living room and also small one in the bath. Also the living room area has 1/2 bathroom. The main bathroom was huge with lots of lighting and amenities. Stand in shower and huge tub. The hotel has 24/7 cafe and bar thats open but also quite, not noisy like other casinos. Plus all the restaurants of Mandalay Bay and the Bayside Buffet. An amazing spa. Over all one of the best Vegas hotels I have ever stayed in. Now the Cons: Its expensive, the room service is also expansive, the menu is great but just a regular sandwich will cost you $22-$26. In order to get to the pool area you have to go through the Mandalay casino which is quite a bit of a walk. Other then that no big glaring bad items.	
Nov 12 2009	Excellence!	I must say that I am very picky when it comes to my hotel stay. Because my last two visits to Vegas offered disappointing hotel rooms, I was very concerned as to what THEhotel would offer. From the time I stepped into the lobby to walking into the beautiful suite, I was very impressed!The hotel service staff could not have been more courteous! And the suites...all I can say is wow! I stayed in THEsuite. The room offered 1.5 baths, both of which were very large! Two large screen TV's in both the living area and the bedroom! The decor was fresh, updated and very comfortable and the bed.....well, it was the best rest I have had in a long time.I discovered a small light over the seating area in the bedroom was out. I didn't think it was really worth mentioning. But the next morning the maid noticed it and within the hour a service guy was there to repair it! I really liked the soaps and lotions provided and I can not say enough about the size of the shower and the bathtub!If you have the time I would recommend the SPA! My budget was such that I requested a 25 minute message. The best I ever had! I really appreciated the connection between Mandalay Bay, the Luxor and the Excaliber. It was simply fun to walk all these hotels to see everything there was to offer. I am a very early riser, so to find all the wonderful coffee shops opened was a plus for me!Everyone was so nice and the room was the most comfortable I have experienced in a long, long time. I would recommend this hotel to everyone! I have a week long convention to attend in Vegas, in June, and I sure hope that THEhotel is listed as one of my choices!	
Nov 11 2009 	Absolutely amazing	My husband and I stayed at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay in early January 2009. We booked a V Suite a few months before we arrived. A few days before our arrival we discovered that the rate for the room on the internet was cheaper than we had booked. We rang the hotel and they immediately matched the current internet rate - no questions asked. Fantastic! Our arrival was somewhat tainted by the airline loosing our baggage however the hotel assisted us by cancelling our dinner reservation (we had no clothes to wear!) and organising for the bag to be brought from the airport. The V Suite is amazing - huge bathroom, a small bar, fantastic lounge and large TV. The view of the Strip is wonderful as The Hotel sits at the very southern end of the Strip. You can catch the monorail equivalent to the Luxor and Exaclibur which then allows easy access to New York New York and MGM Grand. The Las Vegas monorail then runs from the MGM Grand to the Sahara. However we walked to the Venetian in no time at all - so much to see. Could not fault our entire stay - staff were lovely and helpful, room was immaculate, restaurants delicious.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Stay	We stayed at The Hotel from October 26 thru the 29th and have to say it was one of the best Las Vegas Hotels I have ever stayed in. The suite was so much bigger than a room at the Bellagio. I really enjoyed having the luxury of the extra bathroom. The staff couldn’t do enough for their guests. Every time I asked for anything the response was always “my pleasure”. The view from our room was spectacular even though City Center blocks a lot of the strip. Unfortunately the weather was cold and we were not able to take advantage of the beautiful pools. We just hit a bad week for weather. Room service was quick and the food was warm and delicious. Definitely will stay again, service like we had is seldom given anymore.	
Nov 7 2009 	Funky Hotel	Lovely all suite hotel. The decor is gorgeous and the rooms are of a very high standard. The hotel is very clean and modern, my only gripe would be that there was not sufficent space around the swimming pool to cater for all the guests. ie. you will probably struggle to find an empty sun lounger within an hour of the pool opening. The hotel is at the bottom end of the strip away from all the bigger more popular hotels but the monorail is close by and taxis are everywhere. This hotel is perfect for couples and groups of friends. I would definitely go back again	
Nov 6 2009 	THEhotel does not dissapoint! Great stay.	Stayed at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay last weekend in October. Service was excellent and real suites were great. Half bath in entry way to living room. Door to bedroom and main bathroom with both large tub and shower. Very clean and comfortable. Housekeeping was always great and helpful. Ate at RM seafood and had a great meal and time. Cliff is an excellent server. Casino never felt smokey too me and all the staff were very friendly and up beat. Other places I had gone in Vegas this was not the case.EyeCandy lounge is a great but if you can score getting passes to the Foundation room you get the best view of the strip and outstanding bar staff. Mix can be fun on top of THEhotel and has a great strip view also. I don’t consider the location to be a negative because I really don’t have to leave the property too much but if I do the traffic is much nicer near MB.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent and very quiet compared to other othel in Las Vegas	We spent three nights at the EHotel. We were given a suite with the view of the strip. The accomodation was excellent , comfortable, very clean , and above all very quiet. Different from the other hotels we visited in Las Vegas, the reception is far away from the casino floor and you are not boliged to walk through the casino to go to your room once you have checked in. This hotel has the swimming pool and restaurants in common with the Mandalay Bay Hotel. The swimming pool was disappointing as it was extremely crowded and no space at all between chairs. We had dinners at two different restaurants. The food was good but we found the prices to be expensive.The rooms have free internet but if you do not have a laptop with tou as it was our case, to use the internet in the business center it will cost you 1 dollar a minute and that was unacceptable.Overall our experience was positive and we would recommens thids hotel to our friends.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great Hotel with Great Rooms....Customer Service could be better	Stayed here twice recently. The first time was back in May when I reserved two rooms. I was told they would be next to each other and I would get my bed preference, but neither ended up being the case. The accommodated me with a $100 food and beverage credit for the inconvenience. Another mishap was that the room they gave me (supposedly the only one left in the place) was a handicap accessible room, which meant I did not get the luxurious bathroom that everyone else got. After my trip I was sent a survey and wrote about all of this and they were nice enough to contact me offering me a free night stay on my next trip.I took them up on the free night stay this August for a birthday celebration. It was a great room with all that we asked for and the trip was great until we were ready to leave on Sunday. Apparently the valet when parking our car on Friday left the car on (push button ignition btw). I should mention that the car is a hybrid as well. This resulted in the car being left on for who knows how long until both the battery died and the car ran out of fuel. The hotel basically refused to take responsibility. It took them over an hour to jump our car and then they paid for our gasoline. Needless to say I figured theowed us a little bit more. I got to Vegas quite a bit and have had my fun with Mandalay now, but will move along to other places at this point. I will say that the pool at Mandalay is hard to beat.	
Nov 6 2009 	Best Hotel Ever	AmazingSleekExclusiveLoads of FacilitiesExcellent PoolLoads of Food	
Nov 4 2009 	THE Hotel is a Cut Above the Others	I read a lot of reviews before booking at THE Hotel and I'm so glad that I ignored all of the negative posts!! We spent 4 nights in Las Vegas over Halloween Weekend and it couldn't have been nicer. I had previously stayed at Mandalay Bay for business and really loved the place. Knowing that we'd want some extra room this time and loving the thought of not having a casino directly in the hotel, I thought THE Hotel would be a great choice. (for those who want the casino... the Mandalay Bay Casino is a very short walk away). -Is it true that it's a long walk to the pool? Yes, but it's so worth it! -Is it true that every now and then there's a smell in the hallway? If there is, we never experienced it. -Was the staff rude? Some were more friendly and outgoing than others, but no one we dealt with was even close to rudeOur room was on the 32nd floor and it was spacious, clean and elegant! The male and female flip flop/slippers in the rooms (with robes) are an awesome touch and the toiletries provided are top notch. There was no line at check in and only a short wait at check out. The staff was friendly, the vibe was classy and sophisticated. I originally booked for a king bed, but upon check in decided to go with two double beds which put us on a higher floor with a better view! We stayed four nights and never heard a peep in the hallways and rarely saw anyone on our floor. I've stayed at four other hotels on the Strip and THE Hotel is by far the nicest. The Beach/Pool is fantastic and while it can get crowded there are several different areas you can go. Overall we spent a little extra for THE Hotel, but it was absolutely worth it. Everyone else traveling with us (staying at different hotels) were jealous of how large our room was, the fact we had two bathrooms and the lack of massive crowds. Parking in the Self Park garage is also a breeze. We will definitely be returning to THE Hotel as we didn't make it to the Shark Reef or up to Mix on this trip.	
Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel - especially if you have a suite!	Upon arrival to this hotel we drove up to the vallet and let them take care of the car. We only had to tip the guy a couple of bucks and they parked the car for us and brought our luggage to our room. Reception were very professional when checking in and helped any way they could. We had booked The V Suite and even though it was a little more in price on their website it was well worth it. The lounge had a great view and was large enough to have a party! The bedroom was very modern and comfy,another great view, huge TV in the room as well as the lounge - a smaller TV in the bathroom. The room has a safe which is free to use. The Bathroom we thought was the best part of this room, the bath was like a swimming pool and both me and my partner could fit in fully submerged. His and her sinks and a seperate shower. The toilet was part of the bathroom but in its own room (oh forgot the bathroom by the front door!) Lots of freebee shampoos/body lotion etc.The Hotel at Mandalay Bay links directly to The Mandalay Bay and is a lovely hotel. It has its own beach and wave pool (this was very busy but we still found two sunbeds together) The hotel is at the end of the strip when the Encore and Wynn is the other end. Unless you cut through the hotels you have to walk on the road to get to the main part. Their is a bus called Duce which is cheap and is hop on hop off and is stops directly outside the hotel.All in all this hotel is amazing and were definately going back.	
Nov 2 2009 	I guess this counts as intimate for LV	The rooms are nice - ours had a small living room with a half bath, in addition to the bedroom and very large fix-fixture bathroom. It's connected by a 2 minute walk to the Mandalay bay casino. The spa is nice, but kind of dark and eerie since there are no windows. The gym is a very odd light...I preferred the gym at Mandalay Bay, which is a little bigger and gets natural sunlight. The gym is $20 per day, or $30 if you want to use the jacuzzi and soaking tubs.Room service was pretty quick, but an omelet was $20 and not very good. Also, they charge $2.50 per person for silverware, etc, which is a little strange.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel	The Mandalay Bay is a great hotel.Staff welcoming and helpful.The theater in the hotel is great and very useful that you don't have to drive back after having a drink.	
Oct 31 2009 	Nice hotel not a great location	I stayed for 5 nights for a conference at the Mandalay Bay. The rooms are beautiful and the service is good in the hotel. Unfortunately the hotel is close to the airport flight path so you will get some noise from planes taking off. Also, the first room they gave me had all the tour helicopters flying by. Noise at night is ok when I turned the room fan on. Also, this is at the extreme south end of the strip so if you want to get up to the middle of the strip (Venetian, Paris, Bellagio etc) it will take you a while and too far to walk.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful Disappointment	We took our trip over Memorial Day weekend last year. I have stayed at Mandalay Bay several times and I love it. We decided that we loved the look and feel of theHotel and wanted to stay during our next trip. I booked a suite, and they are located at the end of each hallway. The &quot;panoramic view&quot; is not panormaic at all. The windows are tiny and the views are disappointing. The room itself was clean and beautifully decorated but still small. the trendy decor is nothing more than putting lipstick on a pig. I wish I would have gotten a regular room in Mandalay Bay and saved my money on the expensive lacking suite.	
Oct 28 2009 	worse start to my honneymoon	arrived after 20 hours of travelling only to be told that someone had the suite we had paid for.got a stamdard room ( which was nice) for the first night.went to get our suite the next day only to be told that it was still occupied and if we want another room - suite we would have to wait to check out the again to check in-----as if but that is what we had to do.Charging items to the room was a nightmare for the first 4 days as they had not entered details correctly on the computer thus making us look terrible at the bar etc.If you want traquility because they say you have a beach at the hotel FORGET IT, music a big noise and at the weekend the Locals decend upon Vegas and GOD they love the sound that comes out there mouth,they would even talk to whoever they could just to hear themselves.I have seen Vegas and will not return.Vegas summed up--are you loud,to you eat until you pass out,do you think getting drunk and being loud is the perfect holiday to tell people when you get home the state you were in then if the answer is yae then book Vegas.	
Oct 27 2009 	Superb!!!!!!	We stayed at the hotel for only two nights, ( I was at the Bellagio for the other 2 nights of my trip), but after experiencing &quot;THE-HOTEL&quot;, I have to say that I was impressed with this hotel. The lobby is impressive the staff was outstanding. It is right next to the mandalay bay which it is also really cool as the mandalay bay is also great....Did not get to experienced the pools but they looked astonishing from far away........Con's ...Not sure maybe, I asked for a late check out which was at 6pm and I was charged for half day......other than that....I am already booking my next stay at THE-Hotel...........You have to stop by Mix the view is amazing......	
Oct 27 2009 	Very pleasant stay but with some issues....	We stayed for 7 nights at THEhotel, booking a V Suite directly with their website using their Hot Summer Nights promotion. This was our third trip to Vegas.Initially, we were given a truly appalling room on the 3rd floor - must be the worst room in the whole of Vegas! Was on a corridor of meetings rooms, so the whole place (inc room) smelt of stale coffee. The view consisted of the air conditioning unit, the car park and staff on their cigarette break - NOT good! The room was also REALLY dark - had to turn a light on to see anything.We asked to be moved but the hotel was full that night apparently (was the Friday before Justin Timberlake so not surprised) but they offered to move us the next day - and they stayed true to their word, moving us up to the 27th floor.Soooo much better - lighter, brighter, nicer all round! This room had floor to ceiling windows (unlike other room), and had a great view of the mountains from the living room, and a strip view from the bedroom. Honestly, it was SUCH a step change in quality, it felt like another hotel!Previous posts have complained of bad service - we found the front desk staff to be very polite but not as friendly as those we encountered at the Palazzo and Signature. Staff in THEcafe were cool but efficient. Staff in the Bathouse Spa were nice but the spa attendants seemed a little disinterested. My massage therapist was excellent.The walk to the pool took me about 10 mins, and in midweek mid-October, there were plenty of chairs available. Also, to get into the pool, every individual needed a room key, which a pool attendant would check and swipe before letting you in - so only guests can enter the pool area.Previous posts also complained about a sewer smell - have to say that we did experience this. Not all the time - most of the time there was this lovely tropical coconut fragrance. But on occasion, the hallways proper honked of a blocked toilet - like that one in Trainspotting, bleurgh!Also, lots of complaints about the location - have to say that it didn't bother us but then, this was our third trip so we'd seen plenty of the strip and knew our way around. Think for Vegas newbies, the location would be awkward. Also, THEhotel is very quiet - has a real boutique feel to it, which I really liked - nice to escape the madness of the casinos.Bit of an epic - thanks for reading this far! Hope it helps you in making your hotel choices :o)	
Oct 25 2009 	Mandalay bay	We recieved the wrong room, then the sheets we extremely dirty. But other than that, the stay was good, even though it was a little expensive.	
Oct 24 2009 	Poor service and smells bad. AWFUL	This hotel was terrible. We could smell sewer gas throughout the lobby. The rooms while nice on the inside, but had extraordinarily thin walls, making sleeping almost impossible. Room service left our food unattended on its way to us while attending another guest, resulting in someone stealing half our sandwich from the hallway before our food was delivered. The shower drained slowly, the toilet didn't flush well. The &quot;exclusive&quot; entrance in the parking garage just seemed like poor planning. There's nothing swank about a parking garage. If you are looking for a &quot;casino free&quot; feel in Vegas, stay in the tower suites at The Wynn. This place was AWFUL.	
Oct 23 2009 	loved it	Amazing hotel, we had a TEHsuite with two beds, living room, big tub, shower all very luxurious. Great pool with beach, wave machine and lazy river. Remember to take your own tube/floaties because it’s expensive when you get there. The hotel is quite a walk from the (man made) beach. You need to walk through Mandalay Bay &amp; Casino. Be prepared to pay for everything, including gym facilities!!!!! Stay mid week for a bargain.	
Oct 22 2009 	3rd time back! November 1st 2009	THEhotel Resort and Casino in Las Vegas offers unmatched luxury, fine dining, renowned entertainment next store in the same hotel of the Mandalay Bay, personal service, and gaming excitement dreams. The 4 star Billy Amato Award ****	
Oct 20 2009 	Elegant and away from the noise	A great deal from US Airlines got us this outstanding suite for about $120 per night and it can sell for 3 times that. The furnishings were lavish and there was an extra bathroom and a separate living room. Service was superb and the place was very well kept. If you don't mind walking a little to get to the pool and &quot;river&quot; and beach (5 minutes) and casino (3 minutes) this is a great place to be. We prefer to distance ourselves from the frantic and noisy pace so that was a real bonus.There is a tendency to keep rooms dark there to confuse the mind about time. This is a feature they should skip and a bedside clock with numerals that can't be seen in the night is not appreciated.	
Oct 20 2009 	We always love our experience here. Luxury quiet quality.	My wife and I met a couple of friends in Vegas and stayed here Oct of 09. This is the first time I've reviewed this hotel but we've stayed there 4 times at least. I recommended we stay here based on past experiences. The two friends we met are sisters and wanted to stay in one room. I like the suites at THEhotel due to the fact that they are truly suites with two separate rooms with a door between. Two baths, tvs, etc. They had never stayed at THEhotel and loved the rooms especially with the price we got them for (under 140/nt). The rooms are very similar to the Signature suites at MGM (both are MGM properties) except they don't have kitchens. Many &quot;suites&quot; on the strip are just one large room. We prefer two separate rooms.The staff is always helpful, thorough, and polite. They may be a little too chatty during the check in process. Sometimes it can be a little bit of a wait, although we've never waited longer than 15 minutes to check in. The location of Mandalay Bay is a slight draw back as it is at the far south end of the strip. However, it makes it conveninet to get to and from the airport. Also, there is a free monorail that runs from the Luxor (right next to Mandalay Bay and an easy ~5 min walk from the Mandalay Bay Casino) to just opposite the MGM Grand. From the MGM Grand you can take the not free Monorail if you like. There's also the Deuce (bus) but it may be crowded. Although being at the end of the strip the bus is less likely to be crowded especially heading toward the south terminal (where you can catch another bus directly to the airport). We shared a cab from the airport which came to less than $20 for the four of us.The restaurants at Mandalay Bay are generally good but nothing to write home about. We've eaten at the Red, White and Blue where the service was good as was the food. I do highly recommend eating at the Burger Bar which is just outside Mandalay Bay, on the second level toward the Luxor. We've eaten there many times. Prices are very good especially for the quality of the meal and the service. They have angus and Kobe beef available. Excellent burgers. They've also added beer floats to the menu. My first thought was &quot;no&quot;, but then the waitress mentioned Guiness with coffee ice cream as an option. Love Guiness, love coffee. Easy decision. Glad I tried one. Delicious. I can't imagine many other beers would taste good with ice cream but who knows.As for the casino at Mandaly Bay it is spacious with a nice clientele. Dealers are nice and helpful. The poker room is relatively small but comfortable, located next to/within the sports book which makes it easy to watch practically any sporting event if you get the right seat. The poker room runs two relatively small and cheap tournaments daily. One is about $40 the other about $60. Also, there is a deli right next to the poker room in the sports book which is convenient. There's also a deli nearby in the Luxor, the Back Stage Deli which has good food and good prices. I used to recommend the deli near the poker room and sports book at MGM but the quality of the food has decreased over the past year so I don't anymore. Parking can be self (free) or by valet (tip). Be sure you go in the entrace near THEhotel as the walk though the casino can be long, especially with bags.We absolutely love staying at THEhotel. Highly recommend it.	
Oct 18 2009 	Service was as bad as the SEWER SMELL that lingered throughout the hotel.	If you enjoy the occasional smell of what I believe was SEWER GAS then this is the hotel for you. The elevators, the lobby and a few other places just stunk. On top of that, the service at the hotel just stunk. Specifically the three parties in our front desk all had problems checking in. No king beds (even though that is what was booked), room not ready (even though others were checking in) etc. On the way to our room we saw a maintenance man dragging a small refrigerator down the hallway by the cord. I sure hope that fridge doesn't end up in your room!Also, as we left our room one morning at nine we were behind the cleaning crew for our floor. The 10 of them were extremely loud and apparently didn't care about the noise possibly waking others up.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great underratted hotel	Arrived at the hotel and was pleasantly surprised to see the W have so many extras and niceties that other hotels don't have. A flat screen tv, a business desk, sofa, a real cocktail bar, and a large closet. The price of the hotel was standard but the amenities were much better than what you would expect from a hotel closer to the main strip. The hotel was much newer and was had modern designs unlike older hotels.	
Oct 17 2009 	Spectacular mid-week getaway	My husband and I stayed at THEhotel midweek on a fabulous deal that we couldn't pass up. This place reminds me of a W hotel. Chic, modern and swank. Service was excellent- from the Spa to housekeeping service, everything was on par with a top-notch hotel. I'm not sure I'd stay here unless it's a great deal. After all, there's just too many places to hit the hay in VEGAS!	
Oct 17 2009 	Fabulous Hotel Suites	We had planned a trip to Pismo Beach/Petaluma but with the bad weather coming their way the week of Oct 12th we switched vacation plans and booked this hotel one day before leaving for Vegas.TheHotel V Suites were amazing - the best that I have seen in Las Vegas! We have stayed at the Venetian, Bellagio, Treasure Island, JW Marriott, Planet Hollywood and none of their suites are that big - 741sq ft, separate bedroom, living room and 1.5 bathrooms. The bathroom tub is the deepest anywhere and the corner suite views we had on the 12th floor was amazing.The Mandalay Beach and pool area reminded me a little of our summer trip to Runaway Bay, Jamaica - it was just missing the saltiness and views of the Caribbean Sea!RM Seafood and The MiX Restaurant served fabulous food and the views from the 64th floor where MiX is located is breath-taking!This is my No 1 choice of places to stay in Las Vegas going forward - we travel there at least twice a yr.The only thing I would push for is staying higher than the 20th floor! Great, relaxing vacation and looking forward to returning there very soon!We also did a Day Trip to South Rim - Grand Canyon while staying in the area - amazing!!	
Oct 17 2009 	Fantastic. Luxurious. THEbest.	After a two week trip in Texas, staying in middle of the road motels my girl and I treated ourselves with the luxury of THEhotel. And they delivered!The check in was smooth and the adorable Natalie S. at the counter was so helpful and sweet for me and my girl. She upgraded us for free to a bigger 'corner-suite' at the 28th floor. When she heard that we were gonna get married, she was delighted to offer us some free day-passes for the spa&amp;bathhouse (which was a very nice as well, just sad that it was gender separated (and that in Sin City, haha)).The suites are real suites: nice living area with huge tv, beautiful and comfortable beds, a spcious bathroom with separate shower and tub, nice marble and great amenities like bath salt, body butter. Everything looks brand new and it makes you feel like a moviestar!The view over the (southside) of the Strip is great. The view in the Mix Lounge on the topfloor was stunning during both day and night. We enjoyed some nice food at the House of Blues inside the casino and we had an excellent dinner at The Foundation Room. Ambiance, food and service were outstanding.We also were lucky enough that the temperature was nice at this time of year, and we enjoyed the Wave-Pool with much pleasure.This is an excellent hotel with beautiful suites, a classy but comfortable look and great very helpful staff. THEhotel was THEbest! Look on the internet, find some great rates and enjoy what Las Vegas is all about: feeling great!	
Oct 12 2009 	It smells so good you can't believe you're in Vegas.	This was my third stay at The Hotel, which is funny, because I wouldn't call myself a Vegas person. But, then, I think that's why people find their way to The Hotel. The long walk down the quiet, smokeless corridor--punctuated by sculptures of white flowers-- leading away from Mandalay's casino and into The Hotel is like a decompression chamber. For me, the highlights are the pools, the spa and the House of Blues. They can make up a full vacation, all by themselves.The suites are like a mini-retreat--packed with flat screens and a tub the size of a small pool. The floor to ceiling windows glow green in the Vegas sun. This time, the suite didn't sweep me away the way it has in the past. Someone in the elevator, who has also stayed before, mentioned his suite seemed smaller this time. I took a peak in some of the other rooms on our floor and I think, yes, you can get a full suite but it can be smaller and a little disappointing. I don't know how you check in on that first. But with that one small complaint, I would wholeheartedly recommend this place. For us, what made this stay perfect was a day hike at Red Rock. Got hot and dusty and then came back to The Hotel to float down its lazy river.	
Oct 11 2009 	Luxurious suites at the end of the Strip	We were stopping in Las Vegas at the end of a tour around central California and after spending time in log cabins we wanted a bit of comfort at our last stop. After working out where we were supposed to park (we originally went to the Mandalay Bay parking) we went to check in. We couldn't find signs in The Hotel so ended up checking in at the Mandalay Bay which turned out to be busier and quite far away. Possibly after driving for 7 hours we were just tired and missed the signs, but it would be helpful if the hotel could find a way of pointing people in the right direction, without ruining the classy look of The Hotel.The suite itself was great - we were thrilled with the impressive living room area, large bedroom with views of the Luxor, and the huge bathroom. As we'd searched around on the internet we'd got a pretty good deal, so for the money it was excellent.We had some room service which was very good and found the reception staff (when we located them!) to be helpful. The Mandalay Pool is good fun, but is very far away and walking through a casino with beachwear on was a novel experience. Again, signage to take you to the Beach is pretty non-existant. Perhaps we were supposed to be distracted by the slots? Difficult to say. The same goes for finding the tour bus pick up point when we went to the Grand Canyon - we had to phone reception to ask where it was as there is no signage.All in all the suite was very plush and we enjoyed our stay at The Hotel.	
Oct 10 2009 	THEhotel at Mandalay Bay	we were to stay at the Mandalay Bay but somehow we were upgraded to the THEhotel at Mandalay Bay which is Mandalay Bays up scale hotel. the rooms and service where great. the only down side of it is that it is to far to the pool	
Oct 10 2009 	Ultra contemporary luxurious and high end for a good price.	THEhotel was extremely nice and fancy. It has a modern look throughout the entire hotel. Room-The rooms were AMAZING! 1 1/2 baths?! The room was larger than most apartments. Extra benefit...free slippers! The tub drain had a hard time draining which clogged the shower, but other than that it was a great room! The view from the room wasn't great, but we didn't try to get another location. Our room was next to the elevator and we didn't hear it at all. There was 3 tvs (one in the bathroom)! The bed was okay. It was old and lumpy, but I slept fine.Distance- Not a far walk to Mandalay Bay casino/lobby/pool. You have the benefits of staying at two hotels instead of one. However, there is a long walk to get to the main strip area. You have to walk through Luxor and Excalibur just to get around to the monorail, other hotels, etc. I probably won't stay that far south again.Restaurants- Don't eat at the breakfast buffet in the Mandalay casino. Expensive crappy food. Go to Burger Bar in the strip mall area in between Mandalay and Luxor. Just get a nutella milkshake...no burgers or fries. Food by the pool area was okay, but expensive. Go to the Border Grill near the convention center and get some AWESOME mexican food for a good price. We ordered breakfast in bed one morning...almost as expensive as the crappy breakfast buffet but better. Pool- Really neat pool, but not the best in Vegas. The chairs were super close together! I could barely get up and go to the pool. The music playing was good too. The lazy river wasn't that large, but fun to run around. Don't waste your money on a tube. Wave pool was huge. A wave would be produced every minute or so. It sounded like you were sitting on a beach.Quirks- I thought it was neat how THEhotel used 'the' everywhere. There was THEstore, THEcoffee bar, THElobby and even THEtp (toilette paper).All in all a very nice hotel that I would tell people to stay at...once.	
Oct 10 2009 	Truly Overrated	Since we got a pretty good price on the entire trip, we thought it would be nice to stay at a 5 star hotel.Our 30th anniversary, never been to Vegas, good price for airfare &amp; hotel, what could possibly go wrong? We stayed at THE HOTEL @ Mandalay Bay. First thing, we were tired from traveling from the east coast, took the shuttle from the airport....so excited to spend five days in Vegas. We arrived at the front desk to a few others in line, but nothing terrible. Got our room keys, dragged our luggage up to the room. Georgeous view of the strip. Non smoking room...we requested smoking. I call the desk. They tell me to come back down &amp; the will re-assign us another room. Now I'm annoyed. They made the mistake, but I go get the key....the room they give us has a ROOFTOP view, and if you smash your face up against the window, you can see the strip. The room was nice, but seriously, we had no coffee maker, microwave, fridge is for booze (I don't drink), &amp; I made the mistake of trying to put soda in there (got charged $120.00 because I moved some stuff in the fridge) not enough room. We ended up putting ice into the wet bar sink so we could have cold juice &amp; soda! Then there was the 1/4 mile trek in the AM to get coffee...my sweet husband dutififully went every morning .On the up side, the pool area was to DIE for! The Beach &amp; lazy river with inner tubes was AMAZING. I was just in heaven to lie on the lounge chairs in the sun in fron of the wave pool (beach) in my bikini in 92 degree weather in September.... SWEET!!!(luckily, I still have the shape for it at age 50). Food was kinda over the top price wise...we ate alot of SUBWAY...accross the busy street from the hotel.Casino area was nice, but after nearly a week, we were VEGAS'd out...lotsa walking, walking, walking. I actually LOST weight on my vacation!This hotel is gorgeous, trendy, but NOT worth the money....	
Oct 10 2009 	Thehotel at Mandalay Bay	First Class. Beautiful suites, fantastic food and at the quieter end of the Strip.	
Oct 9 2009 	Can't wait to go back again!	I love, love, love this hotel! It is quiet, plush, roomy. The staff is great. We have stayed at many hotels on the strip (Bellagio, Encore, Wynn, Palazzo, Venetian, Harrahs, Paris) but this is my favorite for pure elegance and comfort. The beds are incredible (yes, so are those at Wynn/Encore) but here we had a true suite with 2 separate rooms. I could read or watch TV while my husband napped. It is more expensive (at least during high season) than some we have stayed at, but about the same as Bellagio &amp; Wynn/Encore. THE Hotel is MUCH quieter than Wynn, and the basic rooms larger than any of those. If you are looking at an upscale hotel, you won't be disappointed. (Oh, and the pool at mandalay is amazing...although it gets pretty crowded!)	
Oct 9 2009 	nice pool	We were booked at Mandalay Bay but were upgraded to THE Hotel, Our room was spacious and clean and very nice, but the hotel seemed so dark , quiet and off the beaten path. The pool was nice, but cold, and drinks and food were very expensive, which I guess is expected in Vegas these days.	
Oct 9 2009 	serene and beautifully luxurious!	The hotel is very tastefully luxurious. As you walk down the hall from the casino past amazing fresh flower displays and artwork, you immediately feel a hush. As you step out of the elevator onto your floor, It is so quiet and peaceful. The rooms are amazing. Dark wood furniture, big flat screen, couch and a big desk make up the living room, and the bedroom has a wall of cupboards with another tv, and big closets on each side that when you open lights come on, and inside are soft robes, and cushy plush flip flops to wear and take home. I am still using mine! The bathroom of course was great. A big shower with a ledge for shaving, a giant tub, lit makeup mirror, separate toilet, and really nice toiletries.	
Oct 8 2009 	WOW	Beautiful hotel...friendly staff.....casino separated a little from walking area which is so much nicer than the rest of Vegas casinos....lazy river was GREAT....bought our $1 floaty toy at Walgreens and relaxed for miles and miles.Avoid the elevators at checkin/out time to avoid waiting.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great rooms confusing layout terrible casino	Stayed here for 5 days mid Sept. Self parked &amp; made our way with luggage to front desk...terrible signs, could not find THE hotel front desk, ended up at Mandalay Bay check in after what seemed like miles of walking. Very helpful staff at desk, checked us in, gave us good directions to THE hotel.Very different atmosphere as you enter the hotel area, sort of like a very dim upscale lounge, lots of black marble, granite, glass, (slippery floors if you are in heels) overall very nice.Rooms: all suites with an extra half bath. Very convenient, Was traveling with Husband for trade show, able to both get ready in morning with minimal bumping into one another. Having a separate living room was great at night, watch tv on the flat screen, have a few beers, and retire to the bedroom (small, but adequate.) Comfortable beds, good temp control, I like an icy room and was able to get it cool enough. Bath room pretty nice, but not over the top. Would I book here again?? Only if Bellagio was not available. The layout of the casino, distance to restaurants, terrible signage would be ok if you are there for a vacation, but we were on a definite schedule. Took a look at the pools, pretty spectacular, I'd say kids would love them.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice	Stayed Sunday-Wednesday during a convention at the Hotel. Make sure you tell your taxi The Hotel because the check in area is quite far from that of Mandalay Bay.Unlike every other Las Vegas Hotel the check in line was small and there were many open stations. I only had to wait about a minute and was seen. My room was on the 16th floor (rooms below 24 use one set of elevators and higher rooms use a different set).I had a regular two rooms suite with a view out the back of the hotel. The room was very nice with 1 1/2 baths- an overkill, and two large screen TVs. My only complaint is the lighting- I simply good not get the overhead lights in the living room bright enough to allow me to read a NEWS paper. They need a lamp at the desk in there.Every employee I ran into at THE Hotel greeted me and was very nice. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	A bit disappointed	This is our first stay at the Hotel. We usually stay at the Four Seasons but decided to give it a try. Well, the rooms are nice. We got &quot;upgraded&quot; and the suite was nice. A little bit smaller than at the 4S but perfectly fine. So why don't I like this place? I guess what really, really turned me off was that they wanted me to pay 30 bucks per person to work out for an hour. This is absolutely unacceptable. Imagine flying in from overseas and all you want to do is move your sore bones and this hotel seriously wants you to shell out 30 bucks in exchange for an hour on a treadmill! Ridiculous. They say it's because you can use the entire spa etc. Well, I don't need the spa, I want to sweat for an hour and that's that. We never went to the pool area but have been there on one of our previous visits. The pool area is shared with the Mandalay Bay and is nuts in the summer. It is another good reason to stay at the 4S with its own, quiet pool area. Bottom line is that the rooms are better than at the Mandalay, there is no wait at the elevators and in general it has a more upscale feel to it. It would probably deserve a 4 point rating for that. But if you want to know where I am staying the next time, it will be at the Four Seasons again. I just can't deal with getting ripped off for something that should be standard.	
Oct 7 2009	Positively beautiful forget the negative reviews!	Our stay was from Sept. 20-24, 2009. My husband and I took our 2 kids, ages 21 and 25 for probably our last Family vacation. We had a great time.When we arrived, we were supposed to be staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel. Instead she asked at the front desk is we knew we were actually booked in The Hotel. They put us on the 25th floor with a view of the mountains. Our room had 1 king sized bed and our kids were next door with 2 queen beds. It was the most beautiful room that we have ever stayed in. Very spacious with lots of closet space, 3 tv's, a safe and 2 bathrooms! There were floor to ceiling windows. They supply the best smelling bathroom toiletries.We always came back to a spotless room from the housekeeping service. We found all the staff extremely friendly, especially the cocktail waitresses throughout the casino, very accomodating.We ate mostly at the buffet. This was quite expensive for a family of 4 with each meal close to the $25.00 mark for each person unless you purchased the $35.00 voucher for the entire day for a family of 4 which was a great deal if you were going to be around for the day. The food was very good there where you would find made to order omelettes for breakfast and pasta for dinner.l There was a lot of choice.We went to the pool through the week about 10 a.m. or so and were able to find a chair, no problem. When we arrived on the Sunday, it was very busy in the pool area with no chairs to be found but no problem after that. We enjoyed the lazy river (even without an inner tube which they rented for somewhere around the $23.00 mark) but the wave pool was a joke, 1 wave about every 5 minutes so quite boring but was refreshing. It was very hot there, around 100 degrees every day during our stay. We found the pool area a fair distance away from our room, so be prepared to do a lot of walking in this hotel.We took a taxi several times during our stay and to get to Fremont St. from The Hotel was around the $20.00 mark. We also visited The Boulevard Mall which again with tip was around the $20.00 mark one way. I would recommend going there if you like Victoria's Secret and Bath and Body Works, Macey's and Penney's with Marshalls next door. The mall was not busy at all during the week.We found the shuttle from the airport was anywhere from $6- $7.50 one way per person or roundtrip for as little as $12.00 p.p. We took the cab from The Hotel to the airport and I think it was around the $13.00 mark and that was for the 4 of us so that was much cheaper.We visited The Shark Reef in Mandalay Bay one day through the week. The admission price for each of us was I believe around the $18.00 mark and well worth visiting. It's just like deep sea diving without actually getting into the water. You can wander around at your own leisure so we were there for close to 2 hours. Very enjoyable!We saw the show Jubilee at Bally's hotel. A friend was a dancer in the show and got us cheap tickets for it. I don't know that I would have paid $70-90 for a ticket otherwise but a nice night out.We signed up for a Player's Advantage card at The Hotel, no charge. It can be used at 11 other hotels as well, listed on the card. It was well worth it to do this as we ended up getting some of our meals comped and free play as well in the slot machines.Our 2 kids road the roller coaster at New York New York. They said it was a blast, $14.00 each for a 3 minute ride!!I read some negative reviews on the bad odour in the hotel, in fact, The Hotel has a pleasant fragrance in the hallways leading to the elevators.. It is a bit smokey at times but nothing in comparison to some of the other hotels.So, ignore the negative comments given, I honestly don't get these people. The only negative would be the distance it is from the rest of the hotels on the strip but if you're looking to be a little quieter, this would be the place to stay.. I would definitely stay at The Hotel again and did not find anything run down about it at all as some other reviews lead you to believe. If there are any further questions, I would be pleased to answer them for you.!	
Oct 6 2009 	A fantastic stay at THEhotel	Aside from the fact that the rooms at THEhotel are showing their age, we had a very pleasant stay. I loved the separate living room/bedroom, the bathroom was large and well appointed and the service/staff were very friendly and accommodating. My only complaint was the cleanliness of the room, between the large windows and massive mirrors every spot and fingerprint showed making the room seem a bit dirty at times. The amenities at Mandalay Bay were at times mind blowing. The pool area felt like our own little island getaway, the restaurants were top notch and the casino was very pleasant to gamble in. It was also great to have several entertainment options within our casino (House of Blues, Lion King, Beach Place etc). The pool became very crowded at times, but we never had a problem finding a place to sunbathe. It was also great having a separate entrance for THEhotel, it made arrival and departure very easy. Check-in was a breeze and all our room requests were met.As far as location goes, Mandalay Bay is not the most ideal, but we enjoyed being away from the chaos of the strip, the tram to Excalibur was a nice way to lighten the journey to the strip. If you want to be in the middle of all the Vegas action, this isn’t the hotel for you. In short, I would stay at THEhotel again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 6 2009 	Was the perfect Honeymoon in Vegas	We stayed at The Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon. We chose this property because of the affordability of a suite. We booked a regular suite but upon check in were upgraded to a V Suite with Mountain views. The hotel staff were more than friendly and we were able to check in at 9am instead of waiting until 3pm, which was a great way to start our trip. The suite was great. A half bathroom, living room with a desk and a plasma tv. A separate bedroom with another Plasma tv and a gorgeous ensuite bath with double granite vanity, stand up shower, great soaker tub, a water closet and a third plasma.The V suite bedroom was all windows which was a nice touch. The only thing lacking in the room was a mini-fridge.We didnt have any maid service while we were there, so I can't comment on that. Nor did we use room service due to the cost. We did purchase coffees the first morning in the hotel lobby cafe for $4 each, but the coffee wasn't good and I would recommend going out to the Shops at Mandaly by the Casino to the Starbucks.The beach and pool area was beautiful. Very clean and not busy the afternoon we hung out there. Lots of lounge chairs, but they are very closely packed together, I would not have enjoyed myself if all the lounge chairs were full. We did bring down our own beer to the beach as the beer prices all over were very expensive, so we picked up a case at the convenience store across the street from Mandalay Bay. We ate at the Beach Bar and Grill for lunch and it was quite good, big portions and quick service.The casino was always great, very clean, not smoky. Take advantage of the Players Card and its perks. The mornings were great times to play tables as the minimums were all much lower than at night and it wasn't nearly as crowded. As long as you were gambling the waitresses were always close by and would get you whatever you needed - we usually tipped $1 a drink and that was much more than most people.We would stay at Mandalay Bay and The Hotel again in a heartbeat. The location is at the south end of the strip but for us it was great. We were seeing Carrot Top at the Luxor which was next door and Zumanity at New York, New York which was 3 hotels down. Its definately not a central strip location if you just want to walk around but for what we had planned it was perfect!	
Oct 5 2009 	**Please Read - Don't Believe The Negative Reviews**	I stayed at The Hotel for 9 nights with my husband and a group of 8 friends to celebrate our 40th birthdays. Last time we were in Vegas, we stayed at The Luxor so we had a good idea of how far south of the strip The Hotel actually was. As I was the lead booker for our trip I was starting to become quite anxious about some of the negative reviews that have been posted. DO NOT WORRY! Who cares if The Hotel entrance is inside the parking garage - the only time you spend there is getting in &amp; out of taxis and if it bothers you that much, get dropped off at The Mandalay Bay entrance &amp; walk through the casino! There was no queues when we checked in (I suppose this all depends on how many flights are coming in) and all the check-in staff were very pleasant. All 10 of us were either upgraded to 'V' Suites or given comp Spa passes. IMO the 'normal' suites (if you can call them normal) had much better storage space than the upgraded suites. We had a Queen size bed with 2 double wardrobes, 2 large sets of drawers next to the bed and a separate storage area with shelves and more drawers (and the safe) under the TV. Friends that were in the 'V' suite only had 1 double wardrobe &amp; 1 set of drawers and the only difference in the upgrade was they had 2 corner windows. We hardly used the lounge area but to re-iterate what other reviewers have said, the bathrooms were fab. The bath was that deep that you couldn't just relax in it like you do at home because you kept sinking! The toiletries were topped up daily and in general the rooms were cleaned very nicely every day. If you are planning a trip to Vegas, please consider where on the strip you would actually like to be based instead of writing negative reviews about the location. The Hotel was a nice quiet relaxing place to escape the 'mad,noisy' world of Las Vegas. Taxi's ranged from $6 to $20 depending on where you were going and we did travel on the 'deuce' double decker bus a couple of times but that's another story! The only negative point I have to comment on were the lack of shady areas/umbrellas around the pool. It was over 100deg when we were there and all of us could only manage 2 hrs max around the pool first thing in the morning! Please feel free to contact me for a more detailed account as I don't wish to bore anyone with a full 9 days worth of stories!	
Oct 4 2009 	Absolutely Magnificent Stay	We go to Vegas on a regular basis and love both high end and moderate hotels. We have stayed at Cesars, Bellagio and The Venetian/Palazzo several times. The room very comparable to the four, the service I was a little worried about because I have read so many complaints about the snotty employees. Everyone was nothing but nice, room was beautiful super clean very spacious. Now the pool area, was just incredible although it was very crowded. It did make for a very social situation and for people who are shy like me it was great, it forced me to speak to those around me which i would never do. They pack you in like sardines on the beach. The wave pool was so fun and relaxing, the lazy river was fun just make sure u take a inner tube. Casino by the pool great, as was the restaurant. I only wish i had time to visit the SPA i hear both on the property are excellent. You can now also purchase all day buffet for $35 and $40 on Sunday. I have never used control for buffet but because I did not have to rush to eat it all at one time it was nice to try especially if you will be there for any length of time. Take a look at the pictures let me know if you have any questions.	
Oct 4 2009 	THEhotel...Great Vegas hotel when you get the right deal	As a regular visitor to Vegas (I travel here 4-8 times a year), THEhotel at Mandalay Bay is probably me favorite hotel resort when you can great the right deal.This time around I arrived on a Saturday (during football season) and stayed for three nights. I booked this trip in mid-August and found a rate for $149 on Saturday and only $89 for Sunday and Monday nights through the THEhotel website. To put this in perspective, there are many times that the rooms (suites actually as all the rooms in THEhotel are suites), go for $400 or more per night on weekends and $250 or more per night on weekdays. As all the rooms are suites, you enter into a small marble hallway with a half bath. There is a nice size living room with a sofa, chairs, wet bar, desk and a large entertainment center with plasma TV and DVD player. The bedrooms have a king or two queen beds, small sitting area and a large entertainment/wardrobe closet with ample drawers, hangers, safe and a 27” flat screen TV. Both the living room and bedroom have floor to ceiling windows with a view of the pool and mountains on one side or the strip on the other.There is a nice size main bathroom with a soaking tub, large separate marble shower, large vanity with two sinks and large make-up mirror and a separate room with a toilette. I have seen some negative reviews lately regarding the condition of the rooms and the property in general. Having stayed at THEhotel and at Mandalay Bay at least 8 times, I have always found the rooms and public areas to be clean, well maintained and the staff to be very attentive. When ever you have 5,000 rooms, there are bound to be isolated problems that come up. But having stayed at every major hotel in Vegas from the Venetian to MGM, The Mirage to the Excalibur and most if not all in between, THEhotel and Mandalay Bay win the award for consistently maintaining a high standard of quality.One of the best features of THEhotel is the pool complex. While the only separate facility THEhotel has from Mandalay Bay is the Bathhouse Spa, everything else (pool, casino, Mandalay Bay Spa, etc.) is shared.The pool complex is one of the largest in Vegas (perhaps second only to MGM). It is the only hotel in Vegas that has a wave pool. There is also a lazy river lagoon pool (though not as large or as nice as MGM’s), two standard type pools, a private cabana pool (accessible only if you rent a cabana), the Moorea Beach Club (this is an adults only pool, tops optional for women) and a pool reserved only for guests of The Four Seasons (part of the three hotels that make up Mandalay Bay). A word of advice, on any busy weekend from late April through early October, the pool area, especially the beach, is packed with people. You need to get to the pool early (it opens at 9:00 AM) and get a chaise. Otherwise you’ll spend more time looking for a spot to sit then you will soaking up the sun.If you enjoy a nice spa experience then head to the Spa Mandalay in Mandalay Bay. About the only negative thing I have to say about THEhotel is that the bathhouse spa is not a good spa. The gym, spa facilities (steam, sauna, whirlpools, relaxation rooms, etc.) were in fair to poor condition on my last visit in February 2009. I now only go the Spa Mandalay which is completely the opposite of the bathhouse. In fact, I would rate Spa Mandalay one of the best, if not the best, spa in all of Vegas. Caesars Palace may still hold my number one ranking (it’s the only spa in Vegas that has an “ice room” where it actually snows from the ceiling), but Spa Mandalay in an excellent facility with a great staff, ample gym equipment and very soothing surroundings. It’s $30 per day with a three day discount available.As with most of the upscale Vegas hotels, there’s a wide variety of restaurants and bars and clubs. If you can get in, I strongly suggest the House of Blues Foundation Room. It’s on the top of Mandalay Bay with arguably one of the best views of Vegas. You need to be an invited guest or a Foundation Room member to get in, but on quiet, less crowed nights you may be able to get the bouncers at the elevator to let you in. There is also the MIX lounge, nightclub and restaurant on top of THEhotel but the view is nothing like the one from The Foundation Room.If you have any questions about THEhotel, Mandalay Bay or anything in Vegas, send me an email, I’d be happy to offer my opinion.	
Oct 2 2009 	Going Downmarket	We have been staying at THEhotel at least once a year for more than five years. The rooms and hotel in general are beginning to show some signs of age but overall still a quality establishment.Maybe I am just getting old or maybe it is the economic reality but the crowd has lowered in age and class level steadily over time. This feels like the &quot;new&quot; party hotel.The pool was overrun by herds of dudes and girls who appeared still awake and drunk from the night before. We couldn't find a seat and after lying in a far off corner for 15 minutes..we could barely hear each shout over the BLARING gangster rap &quot;Let's get out of here&quot;. This is still one of the best pools around period, it's a shame it has become so unpleasant. I know it's Vegas and don't expect the French Riviera but if you looking for a place to read and swim without having a beer spilled on you by some drunk guy swearing at his friends then splurge and go to Wynn/Encore.	
Oct 1 2009 	The best hotel room I will ever stay in	My partner won a trip to Las Vegas and looking at the hotel online I was godsmacked, and when I got there it was so great.Unbelivably huge with excellent ammenities. The swimming pools and spa were gorgeous.Good range of restaurants and bars.The hotel and room was very clean, only complaint was that the cleaner stole our sweets!	
Oct 1 2009 	Loved it!	Had a lovely suite with all the amenities! There's even a television in the bathroom!	
Sep 30 2009 	Classy modern hotel with plenty to do before you go to "The Strip"	Stayed here for 5 nights last month whilst on vacation. We stayed in a suite, which had the largest bathroom I have ever seen in a hotel.Separate living area was nice, if a little dark, with flat screen TVs in the bedroom and lounge.There was plenty to do within the Mandalay Bay complex; numerous restaurants, large casino, aquarium and Arena (Franz Ferdinand/Green Day were great!).I would stay here again, but be warned, it isn't cheap. $20 for a pot of tea on room service was a bit of a shock!!	
Sep 29 2009	Fantastic end to a great trip	Had booked the first 5 nights of the trip elsewhere but when presented with an offer to stay two nights complementry decided to give it a try for the last two nights as I don't think I would have ever tried it any other way. (due mainly to location on the strip and the fact that it was a non-gaming hotel) After staying there free I would definately pay to stay their again. We had a suite with two Queen beds. The suite had 1.5 baths and a living room/office/bar area. All were clean, spacious and airy. The main bathroom was fantastic separate toilet area from the double sinks and large deep bath with separate glass shower stall. All were clean so I was actually comfortable with using the tub (something I generally don't do outside my own home) The bathroom had a small tv mounted on the wall so I could watch while taking my baths which was kind of fun (wish I had that at home) If i had been their longer I would have wanted some bubble bath but the hotel does provide bath salts to use. The mini bar was fully loaded but I couldnt' find a price list for it as hard as I looked so I didn't touch anything. Their is a small shop close to the elevators that has most things you would need anyway so I stopped their before going to bed to get drinks and snacks. The staff was all very accomodating we had accumulated a lot of luggage by this point in the trip so we had the bell staff bring it up and they were all very polite accomodating and seemed very intersted asking questions about where we were from what we were going to do at THEhotel giving advice on shows and concerts that were onsite. We asked the bellman how far it was to Mandolay Bay as we would be going their to eat and gamble and he laughed and said it was right down the hall (THEhotel tower looks far from the mandolay bay structure from the outside but it was really just down the hall). We had an issues upon check in realizing that we left a spa bag containing some bathing suits hairbrushes ect. in the taxi so we called the front desk asking for some advice (we never got the bag back because we were too preoccupied to note the taxi company and cab number something i'll never neglect to do again) but the front desk was great she transfered us to the lost and found and sent up a phone book so we could call some cab companies. The women then phoned back a little later and left a message seeing if we got the phone book and if their was anything else she could do to help. These small personal touches really made the difference to us. It was a great two days I only wish I could have used the pool but I didn't have the chance. I would definately reccomend this hotel for families in vegas as having more space and multiple TV's would be great for children. If only this hotel was in better walking distance I would reccomend it for anyone but 1st timers wanting to get out and see the strip might find it too long a walk. I also want to mention that we used the business centre to print our boarding passes and it was free to do that but you would need to pay if you wanted to surf the web or check email. We also used room service it was comparable to what you would find in any hotel of this calibre on the strip expensive and limited but it was quicker than they stated and it was great for a quick breakfast before the flight out.	
Sep 28 2009 	If you can stand the smell....	Although in the past I have stayed at TheHotel many times, I have become increasingly dissappointed in the last six months (3 stays). The hotel lobby consistently smells foul and on each visit different items within the room did not work. This time it was the hairdryer (which took them over an hour to replace - my hair looked awful. who can wait an hour to blowdry their hair???) and the remote control in the living area. I didn't even bother to ask for the remote to be fixed since everything you need there takes forever. Yes, the rooms are nicely decorated, but the lack of service, the rundown condition and the many items that do not work certainly do not meet the minimum requirements for a hotel in that price range. We are moving on.	
Sep 27 2009 	love the bathroom!	I booked the Mandalay Bay originally. My flight to Vegas was delayed by 4 hours so by the time i got to the hotel, it was already 2 in the morning. The city probably never sleeps but i was exhausted and really want to quickly checked in my room. But there were understaffed at the front desk so i had to wait for 20 mins. But then they upgrated my room to THE hotel. I loved it ever since i step foot in the corridor of my room floor. It looked and smelled very nice. (I realised it was the smell of BUGARI white tea toiletry found in each room.) The room is tastefully designed and has everything a modern traveller need. The marble bathroom was absolutely amazing. The only complaint really is the noise at night. I stayed there for 4 nights and for solid two nights, i couldnt sleep well because there was a party going on next door. I told the security to sort this problem out but not sure if they tried to. The location of the hotel is not great since it's at the end of the strand. And I also visited the spa in THE hotel but i dont think it's worth the money.	
Sep 27 2009	Best hotel room I have ever stayed in. So luxurious!	I stayed at theHotel, Mandalay Bay with family between 17th-20th September 2009. The room was amazing, especially the bathroom and bed. The bed was the comfiest bed I have ever slept on and the bathroom was HUGE! The bath was so enormous and there was even a tv in the bathroom. Room was very clean and towels were replaced everyday. Didn't really get to see much of the hotel itself as we went to other hotel attractions on the strip. The hotel has a fantastic beach with a pool that has a wave machine that looked like a lot of fun. We could see this from our room but unfortunately did not have time to go there. The Killers were performing at the hotel while we were there but unfortunately it clashed with a trip to the Grand Canyon that we had already pre-arranged...was gutted we missed the show/ I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 27 2009 	One of the Best hotels in Vegas	I go to Mandalay Bay EVERY year during the summer. its warm and pool time. the staff is great, prices are reasonable, and i love the food. This year i went to LION KING show at Mandalay bay and that was excellent too! Awesome Spa and Gym. Everything you would want in a Vacation! There are about 5-6 pools, each different. Wave pool(my favorite), lazy river, lounging pools, and more. If you are picky about where you stay, come here! You will love the building and the rooms. The rooms that we stay in every year aren't the fanciest they have and they are still amazing! Great view. You can see but not hear the airport in almost every room and see part of the strip. The only flaw is...nothing. I didn't find one bad thing about it! Its also minutes from 2/3 of the closest outlet malls!	
Sep 27 2009 	AWESOME	This hotel is probably the best i've ever stayed in as every room is a suite,theres even a flat screen tv in the bathroom. Just one down side as its a bit of a walk to get down near all the hustle and bustle of vegas but the sky train more or less stops outside the Mandalay.	
Sep 27 2009 	Still a great hotel...	This is my 3rd time staying at THE Hotel. My husband and i arrived on a flight from Hawaii at 17:30 to be told at reception the only rooms available were rooms with two double beds. I was immediately sceptical, but told the receptionist we would check out the room and if there was a problem we would come back. So we looked at the room.... two hard uncomfortable double beds and the suite itself was way smaller than the previous suites we had stayed in, even though they denied this...TV's were also prehistoric, and not flat screens like in the other suites. My husband returned to reception and complained twice to be told there was nothing they could do. I was tired and angry at this point, so we returned to reception to ask to speak to the manager, at which point they miracously produced a corned suite which they kept telling us was an 'upgrade' Throughout the six days we were there i frequently heard business men in the lifts saying what a great corner room they had been given!! I'm not sure what THE hotels problem is, or maybe it was just the receptionist who had an attitude problem?? DO NOT settle for a crappy room though.The rooms are still large with huge bathrooms, but are started to look a bit dated...The pool was great Monday through Thursday and did not have any problem finding a sun lounger, but come Friday the pool was heaving by mid morning.Yes the hotel is full of young, sometimes drunk people, especially at weekends, but hey this is Vegas, what do you expect! and everyone is friendly.Did eat at Rumjungle and The China Grill, both were excellent. I still believe the Mandalay Bay is the best hotel for dining and entertainment on the Strip. Eye Candy in the centre of the Casino is great!Overall still a great hotel, but think maybe i would look at the Palazzo or the Venetian next time...	
Sep 25 2009 	terrific hotel and pool	Now on our 4th visit to this hotel and as usual it was a great holiday. The suites are spacious and clean. The casino is large but can become a bit noisy later at night as there are several clubs around the casino. We have always found the staff to be friendly, and they make you feel as though you are a very important client. The pool areas are fantastic and spotlessly clean If you like a buffet style menu then buy the all day ticket as you can eat breakfast, lunch and dinner for around £25.00.Already planning our next visit	
Sep 21 2009 	Great hotel and Casino...	Stayed at THE hotel Sep 19-21st. We have been here a few times before and we realize why we keep coming back. The rooms are great, yes getting a little worn, but who cares? We don't travel to Vegas to camp out in the room. Its a place to sleep for a few hours in a comfortable bed and then go downstairs to have fun again.The casino is always fun. We couldn't find a blackjack table for under $15 a hand, but thats ok. It keeps the riff raff away. We had a 5 hour session at one of those tables and made a few hundred bucks. Had a million drinks also while our waitress was gorgeous and very attentive.We stayed at Mandalay all weekend, as there's no reason to go anywhere else. People complain on here that its at the farthest end of the strip and you have to take taxis everywhere. Wouldn't you know that before you get here by looking on a map? Go figure.The Beach area is pretty cool with a casino area upstairs that has great drinks and fun dealers. We had a friend staying at the Four Seasons next door, so we wandered over to his pool area and that place is pure heaven! They cater to your every need over there, but wait I'm here to write about The Hotel.All in all, Vegas is a great place to get away from your hectic life and let loose for a few days and The hotel is the best place to do that in this reviewer's opinion.	
Sep 20 2009 	WOW!	Stayed at THEhotel for an amazing weekend! Luxurious suites for oversized bath tubs for a relaxing soak before hitting the Strip and its clubs and casinos.Do make time for the Beach at Mandalay Bay as well!	
Sep 20 2009 	Inconsistent Service but Nice Hotel	Check in counter personnel were disinterested and condenscending. We arrived late and they had no smoking suites left. After several minutes of back and forth on the equity of prepaying for a suite and not getting one the first of four nights, they offered a $100 food and beverage credit. We were moved into a suite the next day (after several trips to the desk to check if one was ready throughout the day) and it was beautiful. Not a great view but the room decor and having 2 bathrooms was awesome and maid service was excellent. My husband and I lost a few hundred playing blackjack the last night and the table dealers ranged from surly to extremely helpful. The concierge was a jerk when my husband asked about transportation on the strip and basically blew him off. So it was really hit or miss as to the level of service you received from any particular individual. The valets were great and were more than happy to help with directions and suggestions. We ate at RM Seafood, Border Grill and Strip Steak for dinner. All three were excellent and the wait staff were top notch. Polite, friendly and accommodating. The highlight for me was seeing and getting to meet Chef Rick Moonen who stepped into the dining room at RM during our meal. He was so nice and it was amazing to see a celebrity chef who actually works in their own restaurant. Definitely get a Players Club card to track your bets on slots or blackjack. I registered on-line and we picked up the cards before making our first bet. An added bonus is that the same card can be used at several MGM hotels on the strip so I also used it at the MGM Grand and the Luxor. After three days of betting, I had over 6,000 points and we were comped $400 of food and beverage charged to our room. Again to illustrate the disparity in service, when we picked up our player's cards the gentleman barely spoke to us. I asked about linking our cards and was told he could do that. When we checked the next day we found he hadn't linked them and that was quickly remedied by someone more helpful at the club desk. Additionally, the second gentleman gave us two passes to the buffet (decent food) and told us (against the rules) what the approximate value of our points were. The irony was that the same gentleman we got when we picked up our cards was working the day we were leaving and of course, I got him. What a turn around in attitude once he saw the points I'd racked up in a few days, he was basically falling all over himself to tell me what a great customer I was and how they would be pleased to comp our entire bill. He went on to say that had we booked directly through Mandalay, our rooms would have been comped as well. No worries since I got an excellent package deal through Delta but it was nice to know they could be pleasant at some point suring our stay. One note, make sure you visit the Player's Club desk immediately before checking out. If you check out first, they will do nothing for you as far as comps. The helpful gentleman on Day 2 alerted us to this fact and I was very grateful as it turned out being worth $400 for us.Overall, we liked TheHotel and would probably stay again. Just be prepared for inconsistent levels of service. The clientele ranged from partiers in their early 20's to older, married couples looking for a more sedate vacation. In comparison, we went to MGM Grand to see Ka (excellent!) and it was a zoo. It seemed everyone there was in party mode and there was a plethora of hooker heals, barely there dresses and lots of young, drunk guys drooling over the throngs of girls cruising the casino. Compared to the Luxor and MGM Grand, Mandalay's casino is much larger and nicer as well. If you can get past some of the bad service and attitudes, this is a nice place to stay and there were a lot of people who did provide excellent service and made our anniversary memorable.	
Sep 18 2009 	If you have already booked your reservation---keep it...place is wonderful	We arrived yesterday at Thehotel and so far this place has been great. The check in line was maybe ten minutes and we arrived in a wonderful V suite at the very end of the hall, so we were able to see both sides, the strip and the pool area.Had dinner at Border Grill light night and I really enjoyed it. My husband thought the food was ok but didnt enjoy it as much as I did. I had the fish tacos and he had the beef taquitos. I enjoyed his meal the most it had the best flavor. The staff really knows how to treat customers. We never ran out of water and even staff that was not assigned to our table helped us out. Very impressive!I will post more later but so far the only thing that gave us trouble, was last night at midnight we were hungry for just a light snack. Nothing was open except Raffles and it had a long line to get in. After asking four employees (the fourth had the correct ans) we found that on the left side of raffles down the hall a little a store is open 24 hours. It carries everything from sunblock to sandwiches to full bottles of alcohol. Also as I am sitting here at the desk I see they have a built in Ethernet cord for your computer if you dont have wireless.Will write more later...	
Sep 17 2009 	Glad that I did not take any notice of the bad reviews	It was our fortieth wedding anniversary so we decided to choose a suite hotel for a special treat.First impression at registration was very good.The clerk was very helpful and polite and we had been upgraded to a V suite.The suite itself was all one could ask for and was immaculate.In fact the whole week the suite was cleaned to a very high standard.One of the plasma tv,s stopped working but within 30 minutes of a phone call it was mended.The concierge was very efficient and booked our theatre tickets and a trip to Red R ock Canyon.We had breakfast in the cafe every morning and were never disappointed with either the food or service.We have been to Vegas before but this has been the best hotel.Although the hotel is at the end of the strip we prefer this location.	
Sep 16 2009 	Best Hotel I have been to in Vegas!	Great Hotel! This place was awesome, yes it's a little expensive but hey its Vegas and you get what you pay for. If you check it out be sure to go to Mix. It is on the top floor and has a bar and dancing. We also went to Moorea on a Saturday and it was paradise. Once again expensive, but it is Vegas! We stayed in the standard Suite and it was very nice. Two big TV's and one in the restroom. Very nice shower and seprate tub, even two restrooms in our room.	
Sep 16 2009 	Gorgeous and Modern	I stayed at The Hotel in Mandalay Bay with my 3 girlfriends and it was a blast! As I mentioned in the title, The Hotel is gorgeous and modern. A lot of dark wood with white/green flowers. Love that style. The rooms are huge and the beds are comfy. (So important after a 12 hour party session! =) ) We had 2 Queen beds so we had 2 per bed and slept like babies.The only drawback is that the hotel is sooo big that you have to walk forever to get to one part of the hotel. Even though this was the only thing I can think of to complain about, I still didn't mind that much. I've stayed at 5 hotels in Las Vegas and these are the order of the hotels I like from best to worst.1.) The Hotel2.) The Wynn3.) Bellagio4.) MGM Grand5.) Circus Circus	
Sep 15 2009 	Good times at The Hotel	Great place! Spa is awesome. Pool is fun and alot to do there. We stayed 4 nights and enjoyed it. Very friendly check in! Maid service was good. I had the do not disturb sign on when I was sleeping during the day and they will not knock on the door or enter it unless the housekeeping button is pressed. We went to the MIX upstairs which has a great view. Strip Steak was terrific! This was my third stay there and we have had a great time every time!!	
Sep 14 2009 	An oasis of calm	My wife and I spent three nights at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay. Bottom-line, we loved it.Arrival: It is unfortunate that you have to snake through the parking garage to get to the Valet entrance to THE Hotel (it is separate from the Mandalay Bay main entrance) but once you are inside, it is awesome. Unlike most big hotels in Vegas you are completely separate from the casino area (it's a quick walk, but you can't hear or see it from THE Hotel's entrance) the lobby is modern and very calming. Nice change from the hustle and bustle of Vegas. Anyway, upon checking in we were told that we were being upgraded to a corner &quot;V Suite&quot; because our &quot;THE Suite&quot; was no longer available. Other than the extra windows and nice view, I didn't see much difference in the V Suite from the diagram of the &quot;THE Suite&quot;, of course, it was all very nice. Our room was very clean and spacious (two rooms..a bedroom and a sitting area with wet bar) and the 1 and 1/2 baths that come standard were great too. The master bathroom was as nice or nicer that any of the rooms/suites I've stayed in in other hotels (Venetian, Bellagio, Palazzo, Caesar's, etc...) and the tub was huge, although there were no jacuzzi jets...but plenty of room for two. The ameneties were very nice (shampoo, soap, bath salts, etc...) and the robes provided were the softest I've ever worn. (never put on the slippers though).The room was proved to be an excellent place to host a pre-dinner cocktail party for 7 other couples as there is a wet bar in the living room. We played some &quot;party CD's&quot; in the TV/DVD player and had a great time.Spent Friday at a Cabana at the Mandalay Beach....that's the way to roll down there. Nice to have the shade and a &quot;base of operations&quot; along with a very attentive staff and waiters/waitresses. Water and towel services are provided with the cabanas as well as a fan and even a TV if you want to watch. Cabanas are a bit pricy (low end was $250) but we got a $100 cabana credit with our room rate so it wasn't too bad. Definitely worth it and all our friends really enjoyed sharing it with us.Didn't eat much at the hotel, but did enjoy a nice meal at Noodles in the Mandalay and at &quot;THE Cafe&quot;. Only downside was that the hallways had an odd (and albiet mild) odor that I wasn't sure if it was intended or not but it smelled a bit like cheap air freshener on a bad odor.We'll definitely be coming back as the comfortable beds and relaxed environment along with huge rooms are a great deal!	
Sep 14 2009 	interesting!	Las Vegas is a weird place which I was a bit overwhelmed by but my partner assured me this was the best hotel for me, mainly because of the pool complex. Most other hotels had a relatively small pool area but this one was VAST but still really crowded. On arrival, the staff didn't really make an impression and by car we went in via the back entrance which wasn't great. We had to change rooms which the reception staff dealt with really badly. Our room was good but nothing special, although very nice bedding! The pool was a 10 minute journey from our room, down in the lift, through the lobby, past the restaurants, through the casino, past more restaurants, go down the escalator at the conference centre and we were finally there. I guess this is the same for all hotels though. On the first day, the concierge was awful, she didn't have a clue although the next few days were much better with a different person. We ate breakfast twice at the &quot;house of blues&quot; which was good value and delicious. The Mix Bar on the 64th floor was amazing, with brilliant views of the city, although very pricey! We ate at Wolfgang Puck's Lupo which was fantastic and the service was impecable. The casino was big and I advise getting a Players Card - you get $30 chips for $20 but it also gave us half price tickets to see Cirque de Soleil at the MGM Grand. The staff were very friendly and it was a nice atmosphere. They don't do lessons so we went across to the Luxor to get taught Craps. Location wise, the hotel is right at the end of the strip. We walked everywhere but there is a monorail too. Overall, we had a good time but I might try the Wynn next time... Yes there will be a next time! I got used to it in the end.	
Sep 14 2009 	Awesome Hotel	Great Hotel, sat at the end of the strip which is actually good as you can get away from it all (Just).Fantastic room, 1st class service in all the restaurants etc...	
Sep 12 2009 	Worst time ever at the Mandalay bay Hotel!!!!!!!!!!	Mandalay Bay Hotel must be desperate for coustomers they are gouging their coustomers we had a suite yet nothing was included if you went to the gym that was 20.00 extra if you go to the adult pool that was 40.00 extra plus your chairs and umbrellaa cabana would set you back about 450.00 i am suprised that they do not charge you for going thru the front door or walking arround in the casino i think thats it for Vegas for me i will stick to Indian Gaming Casinos they give you alottttttttttttttttttt more perks this hotel sucks big time and yes the only thing that was nice was the room we stayed at Of course,at a huge price.	
Sep 10 2009 	Exceeded expectations!!!	I was surprised to read the negative reviews. But this is vegas after all...and it's all about perception and timing. We booked our trip directly on their website and got a fantastic rate, better than most of the luxury hotels. When we arrived, they upgraded us to a &quot;V&quot; suite because our room was not available (we had reserved a room with double beds) and they offered to bring us a rollaway bed. We were both a bit hesitant because you don't usually get something for nothing but we were impressed! I have stayed at the Venetian and paid triple the price and our room was much smaller and more of a JR. suite (no dividing or closing door between bedroom and living space). I have stayed at the Mandalay Bay on several occasions and have even tried the nicer suites with the corner room views but I much prefer TheHOTEL. It is super modern but very low key. The service was professional and personable, they truly go the extra mile to make you feel like they want to give you top service and found the accommodations to be above average and in competition with some of the luxury hotels. No, it's not the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental or Ritz Carlton but you aren't paying those prices so you should judge accordingly. There are some caveats though...it's a considerable trek to the pool, no coffee maker in the room (just silly considering how Starbucks is all the way in Mandalay and who really wants to do the walk of shame when you not really right in the head?) and I thought the room service prices were a bit ridiculous ($25 for an american breakfast? really?). Despite all that...we would return again...our small children were not spit upon and actually received a few smiles (they are sweet and well behaved after all) and they loved loved loved our room and space to run around in. Plus...if you care at all about the pool quality...the pools here ROCK! The little ones had an amazing time...the service at the pool, although a bit slow was very friendly and accommodating was better than most experiences I have had at other Vegas hotels. Next time we will definitely rent a cabana. Check it out...just treat the staff like you wanted to be treated with a smile and some respect!	
Sep 9 2009 	Wonderful hotel	The room was amazing and plush. We were upgraded to a corner suite. It had an incredible view of the strip. We’ve always been fans of Mandalay Bay, but I think we’ll stay in the TheHotel from now on. We had breakfast at TheCafe one morning. They food and service were both very good.	
Sep 8 2009	They are offering you that discount for a reason	Are you reading this review because THE Hotel is offering you a great rate on a suite? Think twice. THE Hotel was great. All the benefits of Mandalay Bay but with nicer suites. Then came the economic downturn and it hit THE Hotel very very hard. We stayed for a week. We had 2 suites. The hotel got both wrong and twice we had to change rooms. I can live with changing rooms - inconvenient - but what I learned is that having seen 4 rooms the entire hotel is over-run with folks in their early 20's from Los Angeles. They were not there to gamble or spend time in Vegas - they are there to drink excessively. I saw 2 girls passed out in the hallways. I saw a guy vomiting in the elevator lobby. The music from the rooms was pounding down the halls. It was like a frat party. I could hear glass breaking and shouting all night long. I stopped by the front desk to tell them. The clerk giggled. He wasn't much older than 21 himself and he just giggled. Right in fron t of me he called the room and said &quot;Hi this is housekeeping and you need to keep it down.&quot; He giggled at whatever they said in response and hung up. That was it - problem solved. Bear in mind that I had just told him there were kids passed out in the hallway, vomiting and I'd heard glass breaking.Here's the bottom line - are you a young kid looking to party and get drunk? If yes then THE Hotel is the place for you. THE Hotel means music, beer and good times 24/7. If you are going to Vegas to gamble or do anything other than det drunk you should find somewhere else. The rooms are cheap because that's what 6 kids from LA can afford. If you can afford more - spend the cash and get better.	
Sep 2 2009 	WHAT A POOL	we were a month in the States. Homewood suites was the best for us. But second place was Mandalay, and we had a hot deal. Only 84 Euro per night for 4 personsWe had a big room.Kids enjoyed the pools	
Sep 2 2009 	Totally Great Hotel wth is with the bad comments	I don't even know where to start, EVERYTHING was amazing they have such huge lobbies and helpful staff! I travelled with some children and they throughly enjoyed the lazy river and the wave thing. I went in three hotels on my trip. The Mirage,Mandalay Bay &amp; Venetian. The children thought it was awkward because of the number of channels on the TV. They said that in mirage they had Disney Channel which the children love But whereas In mandalay Bay it only had nickelodeon. It may sound awkward but this dissapointed the children. My recommendation to friends would be half and half as there are number of reasons for both	
Sep 1 2009 	Expected so much more	My husband and I traveled here for a week from Aug. 22-29th and I had high expecations considering that this is a higher priced hotel on the strip and it was the upgrade from Mandalay Bay which is one of the nicer hotels on the strip. Here is the beakdown:Check-in: Check in was fast. We did the $20 sandwhich trick, however we only were put on a higher floor, but nothing spectacular. I asked for a free spa pass and was denied. Don't waste your money on tipping the front desk. Also, I was never offered help with my bags. Room: This is where the problems began. The first room we were in was very nice, but the air conditioner did not work. I went downstairs and we were supposedly upgraded to the V Suite. The V Suite has 1/4 the amount of closet space of the regular room. We were staying for a week and were frustrated. We didn't want to move again, so we stayed put. The shower did not work nor did the scale, but those did get fixed and we were comped a $100 food and beverage credit. The room itself is nice. The bathroom is huge and the tub is large enough to swim in. They also give you bath salts which is a nice touch. It also is truely a suite. Overal the room was very nice once everything was fixed. It also was great to have two bathrooms and two large plasmas. I also loved having a tv in the bathroom. Housekeeping: They need to get their act together. Basically, housekeeping sucked. The left cleaning towels and bottles in our room. Also they only do cleaning till 5:30 and no turndown service. They tend to come late in the day. I actually called one morning and told them we wanted the room clean. Four hours later no one came. What a dissapointment. The Pool: The pool is a mess. If you go after 8:00 good luck getting a chair or finding an attendent to get one for you. This place is laiden with kids and they charge $25 for a tube for lazy river which is insane. I really think like the Signature MGM the guests of THE Hotel should have their own pool. It was fun and what not but it was just way too crowded and the side pools were freezing.Check out: A NIGHTMARE- I prepaid the room and the charged me for nights at the wrong rate and also had a tax increase which I was NEVER informed of. The bill was corrected and we were given a hefty credit, but the people who work here were not on the ball. Restaraunts: The restaraunts in Mandalay Bay are amazing. This was the highlight of our trip, especialy MIX! Go to MIX!!!Overall- I did have a good time, but I can't really reccomend this hotel because of the issues we had. I will be trying a different hotel next time.	
Sep 1 2009 	Vegas 2009	Big Pool ...and low Price you have to viste Las Vegas its good place for evry thing you want....	
Aug 30 2009 	Everyone and everything was great!	My husband and I were at The Hotel Thursday-Sunday, August 27-30, 2009. What fun we had! We were greeted upon arrival at the entrance to The Hotel from the Parking Garage. We had taken a taxi from the airport, so it was really nice that the taxi could drive right up and there were at least 3 young men eager to help us with our bags. We entered the tastefully understated elegance of The Hotel and were warmly greeted at the Registration Desk. There was no line, no waiting. The Registration lady could not have been more helpful and informative. She listened and gave us several good choices as to floor levels, views, 2 beds or 1 King, etc. We were on the 24th floor with a view of the unusual pools. The suite was very clean and beautiful!! We loved having a huge bathroom off the bedroom and another half bath off the sitting area. We were given a key to the Mini Fridge, but did not use it or buy anything from it during our stay. We had no problem at all with our room being cleaned and restocked completely every day in a timely fashion. There is a safe in the bedroom that has a combination lock that each person can set to their own set of numbers. It is free to use , so I cannot understand how anyone could have anything stolen while at The Hotel since the safe is large enough to hold all money and jewelry one values.The choices of Restaurants is overwhelming! You will find something to suit your taste at either a casual restaurant, buffet, or signature restaurant. I played in a Slot Tournament during our stay and it was very professionally run and a lot of fun! There was a Toga Party (as part of the Tournament) around the South Lagoon Pool on Saturday night with a live band and many tables laden with delicious food in addition to a huge grill with steaks, shrimp, and chicken for everyone. There was also an open bar with friendly bartenders. Everyone seemed to have a blast! Be sure to visit the Players Club if you will be using the Casino. A guy named &quot;Mike&quot; waited on us at the players club. He was very friendly and helpful. Charge everything during your visit to your room. At the end of your stay, you will be comped according to your level of play. I think they are very generous! I enjoy playing the slots and although I am a low stakes player, they comped our room and almost all of our food! I was assigned a Casino Host, &quot;Ricardo&quot;, who greeted me and made me feel welcome to contact him anytime I had a question. It is a short walk down a beautiful, open, and airy hallway to the Casino. I like being a bit apart from the noise of the machines and the music associated with any Casino. The peace and quietness was appealing in the suite of The Hotel. We had an early flight this morning and had to check out around 6AM. We had a prompt 5AM wake-up call and the attractive lady at the Registration Desk could not have been nicer when we checked out. We could have chosen the Express Check-Out on the TV, but we had a couple of things to ask before leaving. She offered to get someone to help with our bags and assured us a taxi would be right outside the door when we left. I read some negative reviews here before going to The Hotel and was a little worried, but I have decided after our nice stay that when someone finds any problem with their stay, they are very quick and vocal to complain about it. Many who find everything to their satisfaction don't take the time or make the effort to compliment what they have enjoyed. We got home late today rested, relaxed, and feeling good after almost 4 days of luxurious surroundings, excellent food, many, many smiles from all of the staff and service persons that we met while at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. We are already planning a return trip in the near future!!	
Aug 30 2009 	It does tick all the boxes if you want a top Vegas hotel	Here's a quick summary:-Check in: fast, smooth and very welcomingRooms: wonderful - the only hotel on our trip that the kids wanted to video it was that good (the descriptions already on this site cover it well)Pools: CROWDED! - between 8am and 9am they were great, after that it's crazy but fun. the kids love it. The lazy river was smaller than I expected and very crowded. The wave pool great fun for body surfing. (It is crowded but I counted 8 lifeguards on duty just for this pool! so it feels safe for the kids)Casino - not for us but as bland and sad as any othersOn site - a complete world to live in, 2 large Starbucks, numerous (quite expensive) restaurants - our favourite was House of Blues.Location - at the end of the strip but easy to walk as far as the Bellagio for example (a must do for the fountain show - which is on every 15 mins after 8pm. Stay for at least 2 as they are different each time).We also ate at Diablos mexican (teenage boys love the waitresses!!) where the nachos / tacos were great.	
Aug 29 2009 	I could live there!	Went there for a friends birthday and was originally booked in the mandalay bay hotel, but they kindly upgraded us to The Hotel. We went throught the casino into the beautiful pathway to the hotel which was easy to get to and arrived in our room.Beautiful 1 bedroom suite. We were really exited. First thing I did was start soaking in the huge tub while watching tv. It was a great start to an awesome stay in VEgas.Loved the people the pool and the casino.It even had a different valet area as well.Stayed in most popular hotels in Vegas. this one is at the top of my list. My friends stayed at excalibur so we just hopped on the tram and were there in 5 mins. So GREAT..I'll be back	
Aug 29 2009 	Medicore!	Arrived at THEHotel in August for 3 night stay with husband and children. I was really looking forward to the stay due to favourable reviews but had noticed a few less favourable ones just before we left. Was less than impressed with THEHotel. My biggest disappointment was the staff - totally disinterested and I felt like I was doing them a favour by being there. Our preferred rooms were not available and they were not going to move a muscle to accommodate us. A real &quot;take it or leave it&quot; situation. Strangely it was the same girl who checked us out and, again, she was less than impressive. Admittedly the rooms/suites are lovely. Lovely comfortable bed, huge bathrooms, nice lounge/sitting area. I wasn't as impressed as I felt I should have been with the pool area - very minimal amount of shaded areas unless you pay over the odds for a cabana for the day. Long walk from THEHotel to the pool area and the shops etc. Not sure I would go back to be honest.	
Aug 27 2009 	THEHotel quality is dropping faster than a lead weight in water	I have stayed at THEHotel on many occasions over the past many years, since they first opened their doors. I have noticed recently that the service and cleanliness of the hotel has gone down noticeably. On my most recent visit (and probably my last), I arrived to a room with sunflower seed shells scatterred in several places around the room. The carpet also felt dirty and damp (confirmed looking at the bottom of my feet). Mirrors and glass were covered in finger prints and water spots. You would think housekeeping had missed the room, but that was not the case, as beds were made properly, amenities stocked, and tissue paper folded with sticker seal. They simply do a very sloppy job of cleaning rooms. Housekeeping issues do not end there. During my recent stay of several days, during which I was out of the room for at least 5 hrs during every day, they serviced the room by the time I returned a total of only one time. Shower drain backed up on this visit as well. Plasma TVs are a nice touch, however the cable signal is terrible. Shaky pictures, not very sharp, and basically only 1 setting for volume. Parking valet quality varies depending on who you get. A few were very good, but many others simply left me to load or unload my trunk on my own, when it was obvious I had a lot of cargo to move. The positives are that yes, THEHotel has real suites, meaning separate living and bedroom, and 1.5 baths, at very reasonable rates, sometimes as low as $89/nt. It is still a newer looking hotel, although it is starting to show its age a bit, and probably will more so in about a year or two. Beds are reasonably comfortable, and the rooms have luxury finishes like granite tops. Pool area has a wave pool, river pool, sandy beach... probably one of the more interesting pool scenes on the Strip. That being said, unless they tighten up the operation, I would never pay $300 a night to stay here. At $89/nt, I would consider it, but otherwise I'm probably heading to one of the newer properties on the Strip next time. So, would I recommend it? For now, probably, but with warnings.	
Aug 25 2009 	Still special but not quite 5 Stars this time	Our 2nd stay at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Compares favorably to Bellagio, a little less elegant and a little more modern feeling. Caters to a bit of a younger crowd. Don't expect to hear Blues and The House of Blues however, it had loud dance-club type music in the HOB restraunt.Arrived to find a fistfull of broken potato chips in our suite's couch and it took 4 days for the minibar key to arrive despite several requests. The room robes were picked up by housekeeping and never replaced. Small gripes, but the price warrants expectations...All in all, it's a must-stay, even if only once (or twice). A very nice place, great pool, but tight slots.	
Aug 25 2009 	With all these bad reviews- I think I stayed at a different hotel - So nice!	I was concerned with all the horrible reviews on the staff - I was amazed at how great the staff was at THEHotel. They bended over hand and foot for us, whether it was check-in, bell boys, room services, etc. I'm really amazed that people had different experiences.The hotel is gorgeous - I will definitely stay there again. We had 4 girls to a room for a bachelorette party and it was perfect. It was so nice to have the extra bathroom with that many girls. The rooms were clean with no signs of wear and tear like other reviewers stay.Stay here! And be nice to the staff as they will be nice back!Also, eat at Border Grill in Mandalay - it is so tasty and we had a great time there. The skirt steak is to die for!	
Aug 24 2009 	Major security issues - too many rooms burglarized	When you go to a hotel that has a high rating, you expect great service, right?There were moe negatives than positives. How would you like to have a stanger come into your room and go through your belongings? It happened to us the day after we arrived, while we were at the pool. Somebody stole my ring, valued at $10,000. I could tell that the room was burglarized two days in a row. The staff could care less. They were nonchalant about the incident, mostly implying that I misplaced it and blaming me for not putting it in the safe. How dare you? Why do they have such an atocious security issues? How dare you hire thieves and jeopardize the safety of your guests? If you read all the reviews you will see that I'm not the only one with this problem. Security issues = your stolen property and indifferent staffEven if you think it's a nice looking hotel, or that you got a great deal, all these poositives mean nothing when you are being robbed (due to lack of security) and treated like dirt by the staff (unprofessional, incompetent, indolent).	
Aug 24 2009 	Never Again	Before I even start to complain, I do want to take note of the two awesome things about this hotel: The staff is very nice and the pool area is awesome. Even with all our problems, the staff was helpful and professional, always friendly and willing to help. The three pools, wave pool and lazy river were by far the best part of my trip. It gave me something to do besides gamble and if you got there early enough, you could enjoy the area before all the kids arrived, haha It was also nice to have an actual activity instead of just tanning and then dipping and then tanning, etc. etc.Now on to the bad.  - Elevators were overpopulated and always slow. We'd never be able to get on the first try. We'd have to let 2 go by at least before we found one empty enough to allow us on. It was ridiculous. - Not a convenient location. It's just too far down on the strip from the main area.  - Nice hotel but signs of being unecessarily cheap. For instance, we had to file a claim with the hotel b/c the friend we were with was taking the ironing board down and since it was GLUED onto the wall instead of screwed, it fell straight off and hit his toe, injuring him to the point where we though it might be broken. They also didn't have any fitted sheets for any of the beds, which meant you would wake up on top of the mattress b/c obviously w/out fitted sheets, the sheets just move around when you move at night. RIDICULOUS, if you ask me. This isn't a Motel 6 for goodness sakes; I think they can afford a small investment for some fitted sheets. - The room itself was nice but beware if you're traveling with anyone you might not want to undress in front of. The bathroom has a huge window on the side of the wall, above the bathtub, that looks out into the hallway as you first walk into the room. This means anyone walking into your room can look in on you taking a shower or undressing in the bathroom. I hung a sheet up to avoid this but still, I think it's a dumb way to construct a room unless it's the Honeymoon Suite. There were a few other annoying occurances (like, them sending us to a smoking room after we requested a non or sending our couple friends to a room that hadn't even been CLEANED yet) but the points above are my main beef. I've stayed at the MGM and Paris and I suggest either of those over Mandalay.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great Hotel to bring the Family	We booked a room at Mandalay Bay through a promotion online. When we went to check in , we were upgraded to THEhotel. We were a little concerned because it was further from the pool, but the check in clerk, assured us it was worth it for the suite we would get. She was right. The suites are huge and perfect for a family. We stayed for a week, and it was great to have two rooms and two bathrooms. Our 12 and 13 year old loved the room and all of the amenities. This hotel definitely is great for families, despite their young and hip decor and styling. Our teens loved it.The rooms were quiet and spacious. We found a quick way to get to the pool after a few tries. The rooms could have been a little cleaner. There were ink stains on our bed linens and nail polish stains on the hotel robes hanging in the closet. It didn't bother us, as we knew they were clean, but it surprised me a bit. The furniture in the living room was a little worn, but again nothing that bothered us. The carpet could have been vacuumed better. These are all very small things to us, but someone else may be unhappy with that. I wish they offered free wi fi in the rooms.There was a sewage issue when we were there, as one person said already. It only affected our room for an hour. We left and when we came back the smell was gone. It was a fluke, nothing that happened regularly.We would stay there again. The pools are a blast. We loved the lazy river. It was crowded, but fun.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Place But What's Up With THE Smell?	A friend and I stayed at THE Hotel for one night on a Thursday. Check in was very quick, but there was some confusion regarding our room selection. While I could have sworn that I booked two queen beds, we were given one king (bed selection is not shown in the confirmation email). We learned that without some of the cushions, the sofa is a pretty decent second bed. And, with the two bathrooms, each person was given complete privacy, including separate air-conditioning settings for each room. I enjoyed the spa, but found it strange that I was told to arrive thirty minutes early, while my masseuse was fifteen minutes late for our appointment. My friend really raved about the gym. We ate lunch at Raffles and thought that the food was fantastic! The biggest problem with the hotel is that it smells like a backed-up sewer. Honestly. When we first arrived, we both twitched our noses a bit. As the evening wore on, it smelled worse and worse. By the time we returned to the room at 2:00 am, everything smelled okay again. As the following day wore on, the smell seemed to return. A cab driver told us that it was a problem throughout Las Vegas, but THE Hotel is the only place we experienced it.	
Aug 22 2009 	Very nice rooms	I stayed here on a Sunday night and the hotel was packed. The line to check-in went down the hallway, but it went quickly. Our room was not ready and we had to wait 2+ hours before we could get in it. The place is very nice and modern. The rooms are great and spacious. We had a V suite which is at the end of the hallway. The views were amazing from the 38th floor. We went to the spa and it was really nice too. I was the only person in the gym. The modern decor of the hotel is clean and cold, but very cool.We had breakfast at the cafe and it was overpriced and just ok. The coffee was not very good though. I was under the impression that this hotel was more adult-oriented than others, but it was packed with families. I guess they are all utilizing the great summer deals. When we were eating breakfast we could watch all of the people walking the hallway to the Mandalay Bay. Literally every other party of people had children. I guess the suite layout of the hotel rooms means that they can pack more people into a room.A couple of things to know:-You have to go through the casino to get to the beach/pools, unlike at Mandalay Bay where the elevators go directly to the beach/pools.-The entrance is in the parking structure and it gets really hot and humid there because of the misting fans. There isn't direct access from the parking elevators and you will have to walk a ways. So be warned, if you have a lot of stuff or if it's really hot.-If you want to go to MIX, it closes early on Sundays.-If you use the entrance and exit from the parking structure that is at the back end near the freeway, you can bypass a lot of the horrible strip traffic.	
Aug 18 2009 	Loved this place	Far down the strip, but probably best room we have ever had, on vacation for the price.The beds were so comfortable, the suite was huge ( 1 and 1/2 bathroom), and we could even watch tv ( plasma in our bathrm) from the 5 person tub. This place makes it so hard to want to stay anywhere else when we come to Vegas	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Experience	Our stay at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay was excellent. Everything including the hotel service staff was top quality. The suites are beautiful and clean. We will return again and would highly recommend.	
Aug 17 2009 	Check-in Fiasco.. Watch out for promotions...gets better	I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay three times over the years. Enjoyable stays. However, the check in at THE Hotel took close to 30 minutes. First they had me staying at the Mandalay Bay Casino. 2nd they had my stay from 8/12/09 -8/25/09. Actual stay 8/12/09-8/15/09. Next, I booked my stay here based upon a promotion. The promotion on the website read receive a 50 credit for food &amp; beverages at the House of Blues (foundation room). First , this is not what they told me at check-in. So, in order for me to receive a 50 credit I needed to spend $100.00. Next it was at the foundation room which is not the everyday House of Blues. Supposedly, it is fine dining part of House of Blues. Well, I didn't know this. I guess if you don't read or ask every little detail of the promotion then this is what happens. Beware!!Now, I was stressed after all this. What they finally did was give me a $75 credit to 4-5 places in the hotel area to use. The buffet, cafe, coffee shop, another one. Turned out the cafe in THE Hotel was very good. Two breakfasts and there went the credit.The rooms are nice. Yes, they are dark but you get used to it. THE Hotel itself is dark but it puts you in a relaxed mood as opposed to the hustle and bustle of Mandalay Bay casino.The beach over rated... full of kids... We were able to get a good spot with the red chairs &amp; red umbrellas. Kids fine, however there are too many lifeguards in and around the wave pool. I understand they might need to do this so there is no risk to Mandalay Bay, however several of them are loud and it gets old hearing them over and over yelling at everyone.. There are several adults in the wave pool also.Enjoy.. or find another place to stay. There are many options in Las Vegas.	
Aug 16 2009 	Fantastic Suites	As a moaning British bloke I can usually find a bucket load of criticisms with the hotels I frequent but this wasn't the case with THE hotel.We arrived early, at about 11.30, there was no line up to check in and our suite was available and ready. Check in was very quick and efficient. I never saw a line up more than a couple of people all the time I was there.The suite itself was awesome, huge amazing bathroom, just like the pictures on their website. I have previously stayed at MGM and Bally's, this is a diferrent class.There are two liquor stores across the street next to McDonalds or you can just buy booze from the store in the hotel.If there was one small downside it was the pool area, it's a bit of a hike from THE Hotel and was extremely busy. If you strolled down there at 8.30 you met an endless stream of soccer mums returning to their rooms after bagging the sunbeds for their families. If fact if you got to the pool after 9.00 forget it. I suspect if you went when the kids were back in school it would be a different story and the internet is a bit of a rip off at $15 per laptop/24hrsOn the whole a brilliant place to stay and they even got my bill correct.	
Aug 16 2009 	Wonderful hotel but should have it's own pool	We stayed here in a 'basic' suite for 8 nights in May. The room itself was wonderful with a separate lounge. All the rooms had huge floor to ceiling windows.We had to pay for internet access which soon adds up but all the hotels on The Stip are doing that now.The rooms were clean and the maid service was very good.The bath room was wonderful especially the shower - my photo doesn't do it justice!Their is no fridge in the room except the minibar so we took out all their drinks and put in our own and then replaced them when we went out. That was a pain but not the end of the world. We were on holiday after all.The hotel is wonderfully quiet and the room service is quick and efficient. We had a room on the 30th floor right at the end of the corridoor which was perfect as it wasn't far from the elevator and of course we had no-one walking past our door to get to their rooms.We didn't eat in TheHotle as it was too expensive - we walked to The Mandalay Bay instead.TheHotel does needs its own pool area as the Mandalay Bay pool was too busy and too noisy. For any Brits reading this at times it felt like Benidorm!I have read that some people said the rooms were too dark. They were perfect in my opinion as I hate bright lights that hotel rooms sometimes have.We enjoyed our stay and I would recommend the rooms highly but if you are going there to sunbathe then I would suggest another hotel.	
Aug 16 2009 	Worried about negative reviews but had the BEST experience!	We had reservations at Mandalay Bay for a conference. I had read the reviews on ta and was worried that we were going to have a bad stay. We had such a wonderful experience from start to finish. We were upgraded to a suite in THE hotel and any time we called for towels or needed somthing, they were there within minutes. The pool was fantastic! We took our 8-year-old son with us and he loved it. It was not that crowded and there was no problem finding a chair no matter if we were at the wave pool, lazy river or the reg pool. Parking was very close to hotel entrance, which we loved. Was not able to use the gym ( couldn't bring self up to paying $30/day). Restaurants were very pricey...our tradition is to have the french onion soup at Red, White and Blue b/c it is the best we have ever had! No lines at the elevators! Didn't win on slots, but only lost $5 after playing all week! We love Vegas and LOVED THE hotel!	
Aug 15 2009 	100% Satisfaction	My wife and I recently stayed at THE hotel @ Mandalay Bay for seven nights from August 2nd 2009 until August 9th 2009 for our Honeymoon. Our experience right from the start, beginning with the check in met our expectations. Since we flew in late Sunday night arriving at THE hotel around 10:30 pm Vegas time, we experienced no line ups, and no waiting what-so-ever. We were greeted by a well dressed, very polite and professional gentleman behind the counter, who had us on our way to our suite within minutes (We also used the 20 dollar tip trick and it seemed to work.). THE hotel appearance, halls ways, elevator areas, the lobby, THE cafe, etc all looked spectacular and were filled with fresh cut flowers, polished floors, pristine mirrors and high class decor. We were situated on the 30th floor, at the very end of the hallway. The very unique carpeted floor’s and wall artwork on the way to the suite added to the already beautiful hotel. When we entered our suit, we were very pleased, as the room itself, looked just like the virtual walk through on THE hotels website. Everything was perfectly cleaned, polished, re-supplied, with nothing out of place. Our view from the bedroom was amazing, overlooking the Luxor, Excalibur, MGM, and of course, the strip as far as the eye could see. We took our time unpacking, and familiarized ourselves with our suite. The bed and linens were so comfortable, you'll definitely get a good night’s rest, even if it’s only for a couple of hours, and after all, you're in Vegas. The bathroom was absolutely awesome, the tub fits two people with room to spare, and the water comes up to your neck.(I'm 6' 4&quot;, so I was impressed) The steam shower, his and hers sinks, the TV in the bathroom, the marble floors and counter tops, the additional bathroom, plasma TVs, office desk etc, were without a doubt very well designed for a pleasurable stay. The elevators were divided into two areas separating the lower floors from the higher floors, and for that reason, the longest we had to wait for an elevator, was about 45 seconds, including Friday and Saturday when Vegas gets really busy. The cleaning staff were always smiling, very professional, and made sure to say hello even in passing, and to have a good day or to wish us good luck. (Just a nice added touch I thought) Inside your room, you have a very well stocked mini-bar, chocolates, munchies and more, which are very over priced mind you(4.25 USD for a can of Pepsi is ridiculous) so if you’re on a budget at all, just hit up a Walgreens down the strip. THE hotel also has a very reliable internet service, either wired or wireless, for a whopping $15.00 per 24 hour period. There is a small convenience store near the lobby cleverly named THE store, which had everything you need, but was somewhat overpriced as is any convenience store inside any hotel in Vegas.(Once again, hit up a Walgreens)Since THE hotel shares everything Mandalay bay has to offer, I think it’s fair to critique its restaurants, casino and pool area as well. The casino is like every other casino in Vegas; you have to walk through it to get anywhere. Make a note though, there are no $5.00 Blackjack tables here, $10,$15,$25,$50,$100 etc are what you’ll find, if you want cheaper gambling, you’ll find yourself heading down the strip. The restaurant selection is very good as far as I’m concerned, a little bit of everything for everyone, but if you’re on a tight Vegas budget, simply head over to the Luxor Food court for some fast food, otherwise, be sure to stop by Red White and Blue. For about $90.00 for two people you can enjoy a pleasurable dining experience, great food, and great service. As far as Pool area’s go, Mandalay Bay has one of the best I’ve ever seen. The wave pool with its imported beach sand, poolside casino, restaurants etc made you feel like you were actually at a Caribbean resort. If you want to get a good seat though, make sure your down at the pool around 8:00 a.m. when it opens. If by chance you sleep in, and the place is packed, just head over to one of the private pool areas like Monerra, keep in mind though, this particular area is “European Style” which is a clever way of saying Topless optional, and you have to pay to get in.($10 for women, and $40 for men) Overall, the wavepool area rocks.Cons: - No coffee maker in the room (It seems that in Vegas, normal amenities don’t apply, everywhere else in the world, a coffee maker is standard, but not at any of the major hotels in Vegas supply one. Since we knew this already, we purchased a very small single cup coffee maker before we left for Vegas and brought it with us.)- No free internet service. (Paying for internet when staying at any hotel is a weird concept for me, but this wasn’t a big enough deal for me to have it affect my stay.)- Pricing. (This one oddly enough goes without saying, if we wanted a cheap trip, we wouldn’t have gone to Las Vegas, but it should be mentioned. The mini-bar’s pricing is horrendous, and the drinks at the pool are ridiculous. $10.00 for a strawberry Daiquiri at the pool, but its free when you’re gambling. The price didn’t stop me though, they were delicious. Room service is way overpriced as it is anywhere, but keep in mind the food was excellent.- TV Channels were pathetic. (Not that we were watching too much TV, but the channel selection was horrible. They have these beautiful 42” plasma TV’s in the living room and bedroom, but hardly any channels, and the picture quality of the channels they did have, made the 42” TV’s kind of redundant.- Bottom of the Strip. (THE hotel and Mandalay bay are at the Southern end of the strip. The last large hotel, so you’re a ways away from everything, and it’s about 6 miles (12 klms) from Circus Circus, and let me tell you, walking their takes a while.Overall Impression:Even though there are a few cons as with any place you go to, they were so minuscule, they didn’t affect our stay in any way, shape, or form. We were presently surprised and impressed, and would recommend THE hotel to friends and family. The surroundings, the service, and the staff, made our honeymoon a memorable one and will go back again.	
Aug 15 2009 	Excellent Stay	We had originally booked a room at Mandalay Bay however we arrived early and our room was not ready. The staff at Mandalay Bay offered us a suite in TheHotel, same price as our original room. Great choice!! TheHotel is quieter and very luxurious.....we loved everything about it. The suite was spacious, with a separate living room and wet bar. The bedroom was beautiful and the bathroom gigantic! I loved the large tub and separate glass enclosed shower. There was even a smaller bathroom off the living area. Couldn't ask for more......We stayed in Las Vegas four days and enjoyed every minute, with the exception of one negative event. We had planned a dinner at Aureole restaurant for Tuesday evening. We had dined there last year and thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere and food. This year, however, couldn't have been worse. Our wait staff was non-existent, food overcooked and cold. I got the impression from our waiter that he did not think &quot;we belonged&quot; in such an upscale restaurant. We left before finishing our meal. Never again.I highly recommend TheHotel for couples looking for a quiet, elegant place to stay.	
Aug 14 2009 	Rude staff makes for an unpleasant stay	The hotel is all you could ask for in Vegas in terms of styling and glamour. The staff on the otherhand had forgotten that we were the Customer. Many a fight throughout our seven day stay. My husband could not order a beer as he had left his ID in the room, despite him being over 50. I had to return my camera to my room to go to the House of Blues or pay them to look after it, despite all phones with cameras being allowed in and people taking pictures. We did not have our room cleaned each day and on one occasion begged for more towels that eventually arived at midnight. Unhelpful, rude staff at the Bayside Breakfast with very poor food, despite us having complementary breakfast the experience was enough for us not to go back after the first visit. I contacted the hotel before we left to ask if the floats for the lazy river were free, as we could bring our own - I was told they were - yet on arrival to get a float you have to pay $24 each! My children had the luggage trolley ripped from their hands as it is against compamy policy for any guest to use them. My list could go on and on about staff, the way we were spoken to and being ripped off. (Oh must not forget the $15 a day charge for internet access!) Would we stay there again - no absolutely not	
Aug 13 2009 	Family loved this place - we'll return	We loved THEhotel. Valet parking 200 ft. from elevator was perfect for us since we had a rental car and used it in lieu of endless taxis, trams and &quot;death marches&quot; in the vegas heat. (this wasn't our first summer trip to vagas - if you decide to get out of your casino complex and have no car, take a taxi, it's actually cheaper than the water you'll need to re-hydrate if decide to walk outside.) Trips to outlet malls, Freemont dist., other casino on/off strip, and local eateries all became much more pleasent with less hassel factor. Others reviewer complaints about thehotel entrance being off the parking garage turned out to be a big positive for me.Yes the main pool is family oriented and it's a bit of a stroll but my family didn't seemed to mind. With 2 older teens of opposite sex, a suite with a hugh bathroom, 2 seperate enclosed toilet areas, and 3 plasma/LCD sets was perfect.  Gamining area vib was perfect for my tastes. Not frantic and not stuffy. Up the casual fun factor on the Venitien or Belagio and that's about where Mandalay is at.Items to complain about are minor - a haughty staff member or two, but I find this more amusing and laughable than offensive. On the whole, the staff, houskeeping &amp; dealers / table crews were pleasent and fun.	
Aug 11 2009 	Can't say enough about THEhotel	It's funny, I've been sort of addicted to reading the negative reviews about THEhotel. Some of the complaints are pretty laughable. I had an incredible stay from start to finish.Check in: Easy. Took 5 minutes. Completely friendly greeting after getting dropped off from the airport. Yes, the entrance is in a parking garage. But seriously, who cares? The registration staff was professional and friendly. It took about 8 minutes to check in from the minute I got in line to getting my key. Check out was equally as courteous and fast. I was asked how my stay was and the attendant was genuinely happy to hear that I loved my stay.The Room: It is dark. Again, who cares. I was with a group of friends, including women, and no one complained. The women had no trouble with putting on their makeup. The bathroom is amazing. There is one complaint about the toilets, and they are fairly &quot;low flow&quot; but if there's a problem, you know, you can flush twice. Being from New York, all I can say is that the bathroom is bigger than many bedrooms I've seen. I've actually been in studios smaller than the bathroom. I was on a fairly high floor - 26th - with pool view (I could see Luxor reflected in the Mandalay Bay tower! Woo hoo) and a clear view of aircraft on their ascent. The people complaining about the airport being loud are either exaggerating or have exceptionally good hearing. I never once heard a plane. Even at the pool you can barely hear the planes. The bed is incredibly comfortable. The housekeeper was wonderful. Did an amazing job and replaced my toiletries as necessary. Everything was impeccably clean. Admittedly, some of the furniture was a little worn. For example, wear &amp; tear cracks on the coffee table. But again - it's Vegas, you're not there to stare at your coffee table or search for dust behind the tv.The TV's are like any large screen tv meant to be in HD that aren't. The picture is poor. Unless you're with kids who will have to be holed up in the room at night - who cares? It serves the purpose. The Lobby: I love everything about the lobby level of THEhotel. The bartenders in the lounge were incredibly friendly and poured good drinks with a grear selection of top shelf. We made a point of stopping for several pre-dinner drinks every night and back after we were done with the tables on our way back in. I love the general decor and feel of the lobby area. It is really understated compared to some of the other top tier vegas hotels. I also happen to love whatever scent permeates the lobby. I wish they bottled it. Though, if you have smell sensitivity it may bother you. (I sometimes can be, and it took me a few minutes to get used to the odor at the Palazzo, which was pleasant too but hit my allergies. I didn't have that problem at THEhotel.)I love that the lobby is dark. It generally has a quiet feel. It is clearly a different mood than Mandalay Bay. Most of the &quot;action&quot; takes place at Mandalay. We didn't make it up to Mix, but I wish I did just to grab a drink and take in the view. Mandalay has an amazing restaurant selection. Shanghai Lilly was incredibly enjoyable. Next time I'm definitely trying Fleur de Lys and RM seafood also has a great menu. For cheaper fare (lunch) - Burger Bar and House of Blues are decent. We didn't try any of the more economical options because an important part of our trip was dinner each night.I was a little disappointed with the &quot;beach.&quot; I think it's a little overrated, and my only negative experiences were at the beach, which is technically part of Mandalay. I like the pools at MGM and Caesar's much better. (Though with the Octavious Tower the re may be too much shade at Caesar's) The first couple days we made the mistake of getting there early, and at the point it is overrun by kids. We learned that going after lunch (2-3PM) the kids are thinned out and it's a little more &quot;adult&quot; friendly. We're in our late 20's and early 30's and were there to unwind from stressful jobs and just get drunk and get tan. It's hard to do that with kids around. Now - I was carded at the Bikini Bar and the bartender was kind of a jerk about it. Seriously, I'm a pretty trusting person, but in July/August it's too hot to spend too much time out of the pool and I'm not going to leave my wallet unattended, so I'm not bringing my ID. Fortunately, the waitresses were much friendlier and used more common sense. Hopefully they didn't have to share their tips. The other major problem was a new rule that you can't bring drinks in the water. Seriously? You could sit over the pool with your legs in the water and that was acceptable. Have no idea if this is unuque to Mandalay or Vegas wide. While obnoxious, most of the lifeguards who had enforce it seemed embarassed to do so and we appreciated that. The others seemed to take pleasure in yelling at guests like 10 year olds. Seriously, they should treat the groups ordering drinks better than they treat families with kids. We and other groups were odering two beer buckets at a time for $64 + tip every 45 minutes or so for almost $400 a day. It adds up. The only unfortunately thing is the MGM Mirage doesn't really seem to care about Mandalay Bay or the hotel. It's an afterthought compared to Bellagio, MGM and the soon-to-open CityCenter. The Mandalay property deserves better from whichever entity ultimately purchases it.	
Aug 10 2009 	We shall Not Return!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	What a disapointment to a great hoel, the place is incredible, but the service and the attitude of the staff was awful. They could of cared less if we where there are not. Most 4 and 5 star hotels we have stayed bent over backwards to accomadate the guest. this place lacked staff enthusiasm. I could go on and on about little things that make a stay more pleasant but they where never accomaodating. If I had not of bullied the baggage boy, we would of missed our transportation to the airport, when told by the Hotel what time to be at the pickup place for transportation. The lack of service and the price for small things is was awful. WHATEVER YOU DO, IF YOU ARE ABOUT TO STAY AT THIS HOTEL, CANCELL YOUR RESERVATION AND GO ELSEWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Be at the pool when it opens at 7:30 or 8:00 a.m. to get a chair. If not you will be wrestling for a place to luonge the rest of the day. Unless you want to pay 3 bills for a cabana... We have stayed at Bellagio (top Hotel) MGM, Mirage, Vinetian, Monte Carlo, luxor, Ballys, and nothing had as poor of service as this place. The problem is that it is going broke and the staff probably is over worked and underpaid and pissed off.Go else where!!1	
Aug 8 2009 	Lost on me	Dark colors, dim lighting, and cold. For those more hip than I, this place may work, but I could not wait to get out and see sunshine. While it is connected to the Mandalay Bay, they are very different places. Common areas are small—two perpendicular hallways and the restaurants lounges are right off the walking path and reminded me of an airport terminal. Rooms are well done, but again, even with every light on, the place is dark. Was there on business, so I did not experience much more than the walk and the room. Objectively, it was clean, modern, and well appointed. Subjectively, I hated it.	
Aug 7 2009 	Filthy pools great beds nasty staff	The front desk was slow, unfriendly, and inefficient. The pools were filthy (cigarette butts, hair, pieces of diaper, and garbage. They were also packed, body to body, because everyone with a kid stays there! The only person who smiled was our maid, probably because we gave her generous tips. We booked one room for our teenage sons and one for us. They were connected, which was nice. The beds were great but the furniture and the rug/walls showed a lot of wear, stains and usage. The TV in our bath didn't work, and the bathroom door was broken and did not close. It is not like in the pictures! We asked for a room with a view and we saw the parking lot and a part of the Luxor. The gift shop people were rude. We did like the 'beach burgers' - very delicious and only $10 each. We are accustomed to staying at nice hotels, but this one was a severe disappointment. Maybe their attitudes come from the Chapter 11 they have filed. Too sad, but we won't suffer their service again. Definitely not a place to stay if you want helpful, friendly, service and a clean hotel. Oh, and the fitness center was $20 per person per use!	
Aug 6 2009 	Expensive and then they want more! No free shade from the sun.	Despite booking months in advance, when we arrived with our teenage son, we were given a room with one kingsize bed. We were advised that a &quot;rollaway&quot; bed would be delivered to our room, but we had to ring later for delivery. We had to chase up our move the next day to a suite with two beds, as booked. We were also stuck on the 8th floor for both rooms, no decent view despite paying up front and well in advance, no deals. When in reception trying to find out our room change details, met another family with the same experience.Despite the high cost of this hotel, the service and amenities provided are very poor. If you are fair skinned and want to use the beach facilities, be prepared to spend even more money to have some shade. There is one small area, crowded out early, planted with palm trees to provide shade, otherwise you will need to pay $68 for a padded sunbed (each) and $40 dollars for a sunshade. You cannot just hire a sunshade. Otherwise you could hire a cabanna at a cost varying from $300. A lot of extra money just for some shade - haven't the management of this hotel heard of skin cancer???If you want to go in the Lazy River, bring your own tubes!! Seriously, yet more dollar grabbing!!! $25 Dollars for a large tube, $15 for a smaller one. I really objected to these outdoor charges. You cannot be expected to use a lazy river without a tube so why provide a lazy river without the full facility being available, and it costs very little to provide sunshades to take some cover from the 40+ degrees (centigrade) of heat. I have stayed in some fantastic hotels around the world and never before been expected to pay for these extras. The extra costs charged to stay at THE hotel, rather than Mandalay Bay do not translate into any better experience. Save your money and go somewhere where your custom is appreciated.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great hotel but away from the Strip hotels	My husband and I stayed here for three nights and thought the hotel was excellent. We received a courteous welcome from the front desk. We asked for and were able to stay in a strip-view suite on the 35th floor and had a magnificent view. The suites were great-a nice-sized living room with a big tv. We loved the large bathroom with a huge tub!The rooms are all decorated in browns so they were a little dark. The Mandalay complex also has some great restaurants, so one does not even need to leave! Our one reservation about the hotel is the location. It is away from the strip hotels and is a long walk even with the tram that goes to the Excalibur Hotel. It was really hot in July, and it was not pleasant to walk to the Bellagio etc. in the searing heat. I do recommend Thehotel with that only qualification.	
Aug 3 2009 	very nice stay at the hotel!1	thanks to everyone who shared their knowledge on this hotel.We had a wonderful time and found the staff to be very nice and accomodating. Room was exactly like the photo's on line,clean and comfortable.Pool gets very crowded the chair thing is a mess they need to do something about that. Any questions I'd be glad to answer.	
Aug 3 2009 	TOTAL MONEY PIT - PAY FOR SHADE	This place is a money pit - you have to pay for amenities you would expect! Horrible service and a zoo to boot - like Disneyland x10 with the crowds - good luck getting back to your room on the elevator at night - we waited in line for at least 10min to get on the elevator!) You have to pay for shade by the pool (if you want an umbrella - only have 12 to rent for $100!!!) if not scorch in the sun at 115 degrees and burn on the chair b/c they won't give you 2 towels to cover the entire chair (1 towel per person - we were told that there are 5,000 rooms and 1,000 beach chairs - as if that was my problem). Then if you want to go on the &quot;lazy river&quot; with an inner tube you have to BUY (not rent) for $25 a piece. I was disgusted by day 2 and didn't even bother to go to the pool. We requested a King size bed, got 2 Queens and promised the next day a call by noon to switch rooms. Not only did they not call - when we called they basically told us to bug off! This place was more expensive than our last trip to Bellagio. The only plus was the restaurants were great and night clubs were nice (despite they steep cover charges - we got in for free as part of a wedding party - otherwise watch your wallet!). I would go back to the Bellagio in a heart beat. The only reason for me to return to Mandalay would be for Fleur de Lys restaurant - yum!	
Aug 3 2009 	AMAZING 3 night stay at the luxurious 	This was the first trip I've taken to Vegas and THEhotel was our first stop. Since THEhotel is at the most southern end of the strip, we booked 3 nights there and 3 at the Mirage (for the more central location and much lower rates for the weekend nights). Our taxi dropped us of at the gorgeous lobby- very modern and quiet, unlike almost every other hotel where you have to drag your luggage through the casino to make it up to your room. We arrived at THEhotel around 10am and our room wasn't ready- but the concierge gave us our room keys, took our cell numbers, and we received a call at about 1pm when the room was ready for us. In the meantime, they held our luggage and when we got to our room, we just had to call the bellhop and they brought it right up. Our room was on the 35th floor and was a mountain view (we booked the lowest-grade suite at only $85 a night we weren't expecting more than that), but it was still a nice view of the mountains and you could see the Palms and Rio to the far right. The room was SPECTACULAR! No complaints whatsoever. The sitting room was nice, but we didn't use it at all (only to store all my luggage!), but the extra bathroom near the entry was a great plus. The bedroom was wonderful, it had a nice mirrored shelving unit that housed the tv, clothes hangers and 2 robes that we enjoyed wearing around.Even better... the bathroom could not have been better! Gorgeous tile throughout with a glass shower, huge tub big enough for 2 (no jets or anything fancy though), double vanity with plenty of storage space, separate toilet, and small LCD tv on the wall. The bathroom alone was worth the money we spent! Going to the Mirage after was so hard because we were used to the gigantic bathroom...Outside of the amazing room, I loved the hotel as well. THEhotel felt so elegant and exclusive, and was a short walk to the casino and pool at Mandalay Bay. Entering THEhotel from the casino really felt like another world, expensive and exclusive. The casino at Mandalay Bay was my favorite compared to the rest we saw, even after being to Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn, etc. It just felt so open and classy. The pool was great- sure, it was crowded, but that's to be expected. We spent almost all of our time in the wave pool (needs bigger waves though), and went in one of the lagoon pools. The only problem was that we couldn't find the lazy river- I don't think we wandered long enough to find it, but it may take you some hunting to come across it. We went to happy hour at the House of Blues for $5 appetizers and $6 bartender's choice drink (that day, Long Island Iced tea) and it was worth it. Also, we went to miX on a Thursday night, with a VIP pass from one of their employees handing them out near the entrance. It ended up being free for me but my boyfriend had to pay a $10 cover- but the $10 cover was well worth the amazing view! I would definitely recommend going to miX just for the view, and you must take advantage of the 2-for-1 cocktail coupon that they include on the nightstand (unfortunately, we didn't notice that until the morning after we went)Check-out was a breeze using the express check-out feature on the tv, it literally took less than 30 seconds. Overall, THEhotel was truly amazing. We had no problems, except that the maid came everyday at about 9am when we were either still sleeping or getting ready- so be sure to light up the &quot;do not disturb&quot; before you go to bed. Also the location can be a downside- the extreme south end of the strip was far but the free tram to Excaliber helps cut down walking time. But overall, absolutely nothing I'd change about our experience at THEhotel! I hope your stay is just as enjoyable!	
Aug 1 2009 	Do Not Stay Here	I cannot recommend this hotel at all. The room was okay. You cannot adjust the sound of the television. The volume keeps on fluctuating. The worst thing about the room was the toilet. It doesn't flush completely. Totally disgusting. For the money you paid, it was not worth it.The fitness room feels like a hospital room. Bland and does not entice you to workout. And there is nothing spectacular about the spa either.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good room for the money	This was my first trip to Vegas. We chose THEhotel because we wanted to enjoy the pool area in part because of the beach.1. I agree with others that the entrance isn't the greatest because of the parking garage entrance, but I didn't really care. THEhotel does have a gorgeous lobby area, it is dark, but I think that's part of the ambiance.2. Check-in was great. I had read Vegas tips and gave the clerk a $20. GREAT TIP! Didn't get charged the extra fee for a 3rd person and got a strip view without asking.3. Room was nice. Upon checking out the snacks in the room, found someone had eaten the Pringles but made it look like they didn't. Room could have been a little cleaner, but nothing disgusting. Beds were great, one person even slept on the couch and found it comfortable. TV volume control wasn't great. Could hear a lot of noise at all hours (housekeeping at 2am???) from hallway and other rooms. But oddly, not between the sitting area and the bedroom.4. Wireless internet was iffy at best - bad considering the per day charge, when using the ethernet cable provided, service was better.5. Had to ship a package, clerk at business services was great - carefully boxed my item for me.6. Pool area was nice - we spent one morning there one lounge chairs. Sand could really use a good screening. Trash needs to be picked up better - OR people could actually throw their own trash away. The pool area would be much nicer if about 1/3 of the chairs were removed - very hard to walk around. I understand the area is busy, but still too many chairs. Wave pool was great - but didn't understand why lifeguards insisted everyone stand at a certain depth.7. Cabanas - we did rent a cabana for one day - that was nice - good service - however - meal selections were pretty sparse. The setup for the cabanas is ok, but there is no real walkway to get to them without walking through other cabana areas - in part because of all the chairs.8. Room service - VERY RUDE! My friend had ordered a cake for me from a local bakery. We called to get plates, etc. They charged us for them because the cake was not from them and were rude about it. We also called just to get hot water and a mug so I could make hot tea and they were rude about that also. We did also call for a phone book, which was brought immediately and very politely. They did also call to make sure we got it.Overall, I did enjoy our stay. One downside is that it is at the far south end of the strip, so to get anywhere else takes a lot of walking.	
Jul 28 2009 	Loved it but would change the pool hours and the lack of free wi-fi.	Our family loved most everything about The Hotel. The extra powder room was invaluable with a teenage daughter. Having the suite accommodated the early riser and the late nighter. The spots on the carpet,the too low lighting in the bathroom, and the lack of free internet service were disappointing, as was the lack of replacement of some of the bath items that were used on the first day. As Las Vegas has tried to get more family friendly, closing the hotel pool at 7pm to get ready for a pool party was family unfriendly. With so little for underage guests to do, the closing of the pool seemed wrong and upset the daughters.	
Jul 25 2009 	Nice Hotel So So Location	We have visited Las Vegas numerous times and usually stay at Mandalay Bay because the kids love the pools. We decided to stay at The Hotel because of a great rate we received through email. We arrived to find that our room type was not available but were given a $75 food credit to compensate. Had to continously ask housekeeping to bring us toiletries (one small bottle of shampoo for 4 of us) and extra towels. Very comfortable beds, room was spacious but dark. On 14th floor with no noise issues at all. A big negative is the location with regard to getting to the pool. We had to walk through the casino and parking garage carrying lazy river tubes!! A bit cumbersome to say the least. Also being at the end of the strip - you are a cab ride away from mostly everything.	
Jul 25 2009 	Fantastic Place	Having stayed at The Imperial Palace, The Bellagio and The Venetion, myself and hubby decided to give The Hotel a shot (our friends were getting married in Mandalay Bay so it seemed the best place to stay. How glad we were to stay here.The rooms are fab. All suites so plenty of space. The bed was so comfortable. We had a great view of the strip (which I had requested) and the bathroom is a great size so no complaints re the room.The hotel itself is quiet as there is no casino but its a very short walk to Mandalay Bay. Have to say we spent every night in Mandalay Casino as we found it very big and plenty of variety and we had some big wins. At Mandalay, we ate at Raffles Cafe (24 hour) quite a few night - well early hours of the morning and its very good. Tried the buffet once - this was fine also. Ate at the Burger Bar - I kid you not you will never eat a better burger - which is in the shopping mall. Also ate at Fluer de Lys. This is ideal for a romantic full sit dowm meal. I've eaten at some lovely restaurants and this is a very good place and very reasonably priced.The only place in The Hotel that we used was the coffee bar - every morning early I would get the coffees and bagels - its ideal. We had a big room service breakfast one of the days and it was fantastic (every better payment was covered by comps).I really can't fault The Hotel. I didn't think I would enjoy it that much as it is down the bottom of the strip and I love being in the thick of the action but we found that we really made the most of our stay here and used a lot of the facilities. It obviously quietier as people don't want to travel to the bottom of the strip but we found this to be an advantage. Also the staff were lovely.If you're thinking you won't enjoy it for its location think again. I assure you you will love it and will want to return. Take the plunge - have a great time at The Hotel.	
Jul 24 2009	A close 2nd to the Bellagio	As part of our honeymoon we stayed at THE Hotel as the thought of a luxury suite was too much to resist. Upon check in we were told that even though they knew it was our honeymoon, they only has twin rooms available. Obviously, we weren't pleased with that, but agreed to stay in the twin for 1 night and then we would move the following day. True to their word we moved the next day, and they upgraded us to a massive suite high up in the buliding on the corner, giving us views both down the strip and across the pool area. The room was lovely - very modern and plush and view was spectacular. The bathrooms were huge and the bath was the biggest I've ever seen and we enjoyed plenty of time relaxing after the full on days of shopping. The lounge area was vast and even bigger than the bedroom itself - all very nice, but because of the amount of time spent away from the room, we only ever walked through the lounge and didnt spend any time there, so in future we know that a suite is just unneccessary (but very nice none the less). The hotel also gave us US$100 to spend within their complex as an extra appology, which was very unexpected but much appreciated.The only negative we could give about this hotel is its location, as everything else was spot on. Being at the far end of the strip, you are a long way out and upon reflection, we wouldnt stay here again because of it. We personally found that we spent a lot of our time travelling to the other end of the strip as it just took too long to walk - if we went back we would stay at the Bellagio again. Everything else about the hotel was superb and if we were only going to Vegas to be pampered and chill out, location would not be a problem. Over all a very nice hotel that we would recommend but probably wouldnt revisit if in Vegas.	
Jul 23 2009 	This was HORRIBLE PLEASE READ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Well when I first got there i had to wait exactly 1hr. to be served and on the phone I waited 2 HOURS to be talked to after already waiting 30mins to be talked to at all. there were 10 BEDBUGS in my 2 bedroom SUITE!!! NEVER will i go here again!!!!! the kitchen had burnt food in the sink!!! the bathroom smelled like barf and there was a dried up clump of barf on the toilet. the phone didn't work and the elevator was SLOW!!!!!and STINKY!!!! the pool was nasty also!!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Valley of The falls wedding at Mandalay Bay	I just got married here last weekend. The ceremony was absolutely amazing. It was magical and everything I had hoped for. Of course it was 110 degrees but my guests didn't seem to mind much. We had a nice breeze from the water falls. The ceremony is mc'd so everyone can hear it and it's such a beautiful place for photos. Cashman photos did a heck of a job on my pictures, I loved them so much I bought the entire package.Mandalay Bay is the best hotel, clean, classy, the food is great in every restaurant.We had our reception at StripSteak which was FABULOUS, our breakfast the day after at Bayside buffet and our Saturday night VIP party with our friends at the Rum Jungle. Everyone we worked with at the hotel was great and went out of there way to accomodate us. This is my favorite hotel in Vegas and I can't wait to go back.	
Jul 23 2009 	THEQuiet and THEClassy- Hotel in Las Vegas	I stayed in the THEHotel for 4 nights as part of a conference in July 2009. What's unique about this property:a) The casino is Not on the ground floor, you have to walk 3 minutes through a connecting corridor to the casino. So the hotel lobby is QUIET and CALM. What a big difference. b) All the rooms are suites - living room with sofa &amp; deskc) I didn't realize that the Mandalay Bay was such a large complex - 3 hotels (itself, THEHotel, Four Seasons) and a giant convention center. Pros: 1. Elegant, modern decor and furnishings (see Con section on colors)2. 2 bathrooms - half bath behind suite door and full bath in bedroom3. Separate glass shower area and the largest soaking tub I have ever seen!Cons:1. Everything was either black or dark brown in color. Elegant looking at night, but a little somber during the day and made it feel like sleeping in a night-club. I know its trying to be a boutique hotel, still too dark for me. 2. Slightly frayed at the edges - some of the wallpaper had scratchs/damage, the bathroom door had some dents - probably from drunken guests I'm sure. But for a high-end hotel, these details ought to have been fixed. 3. Location - its the Southern-most hotel on the Strip, so if you want to see the other casinos it'll be long walks or $10 taxi rides. Tip - you can walk to the Luxor hotel through the shops at Mandalay Place. That's a shopping corridor that runs underneath the street.	
Jul 22 2009 	Best Hotel Ever	This month i had the please of staying at Mandalay Bay's The Hotel. The rooms were extremely well kept and the staff friendly and helpful. I stayed on the 19 th floor with a house keeper named Magdalena who was absolutely magnificent. The room was cleaned daily and on time. When we asked for extra towels or wash cloths we were met with a smile and received them right away. The hotel itself was beautiful and extremely quite. I've traveled to Vegas for the last five years and stayed at the MGM Grand which I adored, but The Hotel has truly spoiled me and won over my heart. The Mandalay Bay complex is amazing , the clubs and dining were exotic and addictive. The only con i had about staying at this hotel , was I did not get my strip view on a higher floor , which we really wanted . I will definitly stay here next year. I am alreay in the process of booking me another trip. So i end this with, see you next year Mandalay Bay.	
Jul 20 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband,myself and a friend of ours stayed at The Hotel and had a wonderful time. We were upgraded to a beautiful suite with an attached room for our friend. We had a slight issue with the attached room and the hotel staff promptly put us in an even better suite with an attached room. The pool area was great. We rented a cabana and the service was impeccable. We had about 3 or 4 people waiting on us at all times. We did have a few issues with the cabana...the safe and fridge did not work. We alerted the staff and they sent someone over right away. The fridge still didn't work but the the staff sent over a lot of bottled water in ice buckets and once the ice started to melt they were back with more ice for the water. The hotel took off a percentage of the price of the cabana and comped drinks,bought us a round at another bar within the hotel and put us on the list for the mix. My husband and I had a massage at the spa and it was the best massage either of us had ever had. I loved this hotel and look forward to my next stay!	
Jul 20 2009 	Beautiful Classy Hotel	This hotel has a more chic boutique feel to it than other Vegas hotels. Lovely and quiet away from the Vegas biz. Standard suite was enormous, bath in particular huge and fab. THEHotel also has the wonderful MIX restaurant and bar on the 62nd floor where you can watch the sunset with a cocktail. Definately would go back. Maybe not as flashy as the Palazzo or Encore, but maybe more discretely chic. Only disadvantage is having to trek through Mandalay Bay to get to the pool. Should have it's own pool facility.	
Jul 16 2009	Modern Elegance in the Desert	Coming here is like being at the Mandalay Bay's older, more hip brother who has it's life together.Every standard room is a one bedroom, two toilet suite which seems to be the way of modern Las Vegas. side from a manager at the front desk who was having a bad day my stay here was fantastic. The rooms make one feel sophisticated rather than in vacation land; if you were trying to impress somebody you could bring them here without worry.The Hotel shares all of it's amenities with the Mandalay Bay so there is plenty to do here, eat, gamble, chill and party! If you do the latter you have to hit up Mix at the top which has a fantastic view, including a special one from the men's room and check out forty deuce for a fun show and cocktails.	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent stay--as always	I stayed here for four nights in June 2009. I've stayed in this hotel some 5 or 6 times over the last few years and always the stays have been excellent. The hotel is classy and exudes something special from the seconf you walk in. The rooms are excellent, spacious, and the sense of privacy and seclusion is excellent.THEbathhouse (spa) at the hotel is really great, and very relaxing. Gym facilities exellcent as well., although it's a shame it's $30 per day.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Just returned from 7 nights at THE HOTEL at Mandalay Bay.Check in was very smooth, 5 mins in total. We all had suites and thankfully i had one overlooking the mountains rather than the strip, i preferred this.The Suites themselves are very large, and very clean. The are modern and have all amenities neccessary. I especially loved the shower.The staff have to be compliemtned, they are veyr helpful especially Casey the concierge.The room is cleaned every day and the maids do a great job.The hotel provides in my opiniom the best, and brightest Casino in Vegas.The restuaruants are average, this was the only let down, i tried 4 or 4 and never got a great meal.The mix longe on the top floor is the bext bar in geas for its views, you have to go to visit.The pool areas are very nice, the beach is cool and we rented a cabana for the day. There is no need to pre book, this is peak season and there were lots free, wait till your there and try get a better price.The location is the furthest hotel south on the strip but this is a good thing as when i wandered through the hotels further up they were soooooo busy compared and this is due im sure to visitors aswell as guests wandering around where as Mandalay bay seems to just have guests more than anything andf there is a lot more space. There is a free monorail service to the luxor and excaliber so you are not far at all.All in All if and when i go back to Vegas this will be my 1st choice without a doubt.I hope this helps.Thanks,	
Jul 15 2009 	Stay again location	Stayed here on business on an attractive rate and was very impressed. Direct access to hotel without having to deal with the casino is a plus. Check in area was well staffed and very courteous. Lobby is hip and chic, interesting how the hotels are now pumping in scents into their lobbies.Room was fantastic. Large suite room with large plasma TV in main sitting room with small mini bar &amp; wet bar and 1/2 bath. Bedroom was also very large with TV and comfortable bed. Bathroom was large with a huge deep tub and more than adequate shower head. The only two downsides is there is no coffe makers in the room. You either have to trek downstairs to the cafe, or order from room service which is very $$$.The rooms were much quieter than what I have experienced at other hotels and there did not seem to be much of a wait for elevators which can be a hassle as some other properties. Did not use internet on this trip but it was available for a fee. Plenty of free parking available in the adjacent parking deck which is readily accessible. Overall I would give the hotel high ratings and plan on making another trip soon. Be sure to check out MIX on the top floor for some stunning views of the strip. Make sure to visit their bathrooms too!	
Jul 15 2009 	Our Anniversary at THEhotel was Horrible	We got married in Las Vegas last July at the Wynn (where we usually stay), and decided to try TheHotel at Mandalay Bay so that we could relax and hang out in the pool, try something new, etc.We got the V Suite because it was our anniversary and we had really high hopes for this hotel. When we got there, we had the RUDEST female check us in. She hardly talked to us and rushed us through check in. I asked her if we could get a view of the pool or strip, she ignored me and never answered. She was not nice, didnt ask us any questions about our stay, nothing. The main problem is that she forgot to tell us about our pool credit, and some other stuff we were supposed to get with our reservation (the guy told us when we checked out, thanks....).TheHotel is very dark, which is kind of depressing. The entrance to the hotel is inside of a parking garage. We got to our room on the 17th floor and the view was horrible. We were looking down at a rooftop. Out the living room window was the airport/highway, and out the bedroom was the pool and a little tiny piece of the strip (only if you stuck your cheek to the window). But directly below was very ugly rooftop. The entire suite seemed small and dark to me. We made reservations at Stripsteak for our anniversary dinner, and we told them at that time it was our anniversary. We picked it because we thought it was going to be a classy steak and seafood restaurant. Not the case. It was really trendy and young. They sat us in an overflow bar looking area, at a table which was round and about 2 feet across, and one side was a huge couch with too many pillows. The waitress took at least 10 minutes to come over to us and wanted to take our order and I had to remind her she hadnt even taken our drink order. She barely ever came around. Do not go here if you want to have a nice dinner. We SHOULD have gone to SW Steakhouse at the Wynn (we thought about leaving).... How could we have ordered steaks and seafood and appetizers at a 2 foot across table? They brought other tables out some fries with dipping sauces, we never got that either. My husband was so upset, he ordered the Kobe burger ($22) and barely ate it, I had a halibut ($40), and it tasted like I made it at home. The truffle macaroni ($14) was the best part. At the end of our meal, they brought us out a Happy Anniversary card, lame.The pool was very crowded. We were able to get chairs next to each other 2 days. We didnt stay out very long at a time. The first day a large group of guys was close to us that kept harassing girls as they walked by. The lazy river is a joke, it takes like 2 minutes to get around it, and they charge $23 for a tube, you have to buy it. It is so crowded you get kicked and scratched. The wave pool is pretty lame too, but the kids like it. The Bayside Buffet was not good, we went to Bellagio and their buffet is way better. The server at the buffet completely ignored us, he would stop at all of the tables around us and ask if everything was ok, and I had to literally wave in front of him to ask for a diet Coke. Never saw him again after that either. Overall, TheHotel was TheSuck. ThePeople are really really rude. No one in TheHotel cares about TheGuests. Go to the Wynn where you will feel special for the same price and 5 star service.	
Jul 14 2009 	Showing Its Age	We stayed in room 30816 - a suite at the end of the hall with an obstructed view of the strip and an unobstructed view to the south. This was our second stay at THEhotel - our last in 2006 in a middle suite (only a mountain view).The room is looking quite worn - with the bathrooms showing the worse for wear. The caulking is cracked and/or missing, the wall paper is torn and pulling away, the shower head needs to be replaced or given a thorough cleaning (yes, I know the water is hard in Las Vegas, but that just means additional maintenance).The TV's - first generation plasma TV's - have a poor picture (no lines, just low quality) and the audio is shot. In order to listen to the TV at normal level, you must first crank it to 100 and keep increasing the volume until its too loud, then dial back the volume to something less than 100. The result is having it set around the 75-80 range and this will give you some up and down adjustability. However, you have to do this EVERY time you turn on the TV. New plasma 42 inch sets with a better picture are around 1000 dollars each (less if they were to replace them all [approx. 1800 TVs]) so they really need to get off their butt and spend some money. There is also a limited selection of channels. We were there on July 7, 2009 - the day of the Michael Jackson memorial - and 10 out of the 20 channels carried the memorial. That didn't exactly leave much else to watch (a couple sports channels, kids channels).If you buy a beer from the store on the main floor, be sure to buy (or bring) a bottle opener. There is NO bottle opener in the room (something even the cleaning lady for our room laughed about and something I also complained about in the review Mandalay Bay sent after our stay).The temperature outside during our stay was in the mid 40's (C). The temperature in the casino was in the mid teens. Several players at the tables wore jackets or sweaters.The servers were pretty good about brining drinks and making frequent visits. However, if you're looking for some eye candy you'll be disappointed. I'm quite certain I saw a couple servers that were in their 70's. But this seems to be the case in most of the casinos. We made it to Luxor, Excallabur, New York - New York, MGM, Harrah's, Venetian, Mirage and Caesar's during our stay and all were pretty much the same.Internet is available in the room (wired and wireless) but costs $15/day. Yet another thing they ding you for (there's no in room coffee, newspapers, etc.). Come on, in this day this should be included in the $250/nt room fee.One thing I can say on the plus side is that the bed is super comfortable. Easily the best part of the room.Overall, it's still a nice hotel, but it's showing its age and could use some renovation/upgrades.	
Jul 14 2009 	An easy escape...Vegetarians take note	I tend to like detail, so that's what you'll get with this review.However, if you don't feel like reading the whole thing, scroll to the bottom for a summary.*****************************************************************************************First let me state that the purpose of my stay was to catch UFC 100 and the coinciding UFC Fan Expo which were both based at Mandalay Bay. Being cl;ose to these events was my priority and it paid off--I met a ton of fighters and so much time was saved getting back and forth from the events.I have stayed in a few different properties in Las Vegas: NYNY, MGM, Hard Rock.I was scheduled to stay at Mandalay Bay Resort &amp; Casino but when I arrived I was informed I was booked at The Hotel instead. I was a bit disappointed because, though it's rated 4 stars, the reviews on here were mixed.THE ARRIVALI moved to the lobby of The Hotel and my first impression was positive: You transfer from the hustle and blare of the casino into a cool, marble lined hallway that gets progressively dimmer until you reach the black and cream colored elevator banks that take you to the room-towers. It is very quiet here and you definitely get the feeling of moving into an exclusive, &quot;members only&quot; type area. The elevator arrived quickly (as it did every time I used on the whole 5 days I was there--never waiting more than a minute).THE ROOMThe room was a suite: A really nice sitting area w/ couch and chair set, a 42 inch flatscreen TV, a desk for work that had an available internet connection ($14.99 per 24 hour period--YIKES!) and your mini-bar that I barely looked at for fear of being charged for its contents! This area also had a separate powder room for guests you might invite in, I suppose. A nice touch.Through a heavy door (all the doors were super heavy for good sound insulation) you reached the bedroom. A large bureau with 2 closets and 2 drawer units for clothes ran along one wall of the room with the beds dominating the other. I found the beds fine and comfortable with high quality linens.The main bathroom is adjacent to the bedroom and it contains a counter with 2 sinks, a HUGE tub for 2, a large, separate shower and a room for the toilet--again, closed off by a very heavy door. The design was sleek and modern but very cosy. My main problems at this point were that housekeeping had obviously been in the room but vacuuming had been missed. There were peanut crumbs all over the bedroom.Also I found that when the room next to mine used their shower, a high pitched squeal ran as long as the water was on. Super annoying. To conclude: The room was lovely and it did feel like a home away from home that I looked forward to returning to every time I hit the quiet, enveloping lobby... THE CASINOThe hotel shares the same casino as Mandalay Bay proper. It is the best laid out, easiest to navigate casino I've encountered in all of Las Vegas. Getting to the room was a breeze with limited &quot;funneling&quot; you past slots, tables etc. in hopes of eaking out a $ as you crawl to bed.5 stars from me.DININGHere's where things get tricky for me. I am a vegetarian so Las Vegas is about the worst place on earth for me, food-wise.I tried several different restaurants and was mildly pleased (&quot;The Cafe&quot; right outside The Hotel's lobby--roasted eggplant and goat cheese sandwich) to downright disappointed (The Gourmet Burger Bar--horrid, pasty veggie burger)There is a coffee bar RIGHT OUTSIDE the elevators--The location was phenomenal. The coffee itself was just ok, but the convenience was so good...Plus it wasn't Starbucks, which makes me happy.For a quick bite I would use Canter's Deli--which was right next to the exit of The Hotel's lobby, in the sports book. The fries were great. (A drink and fries = $6.50)The best (hands down) meal I had was at &quot;The Border Grill&quot;. This is a Mexican restaurant right by the beach pool. The prices were reasonable, and the food was amazing. Very complex flavours and a fair number of vegetarian options. The best Mexican food on the strip, I guarantee. I can't recommend this place enough, great staff too.THE POOLThe pool was great. As good as the MGM, which I love.I was worried about the &quot;kid factor&quot;--(not a kid person)--but it wasn't an issue. I spent most of my time at the wave pool. It was fine. I found a chair every time I went out there even on Saturday (fight day) within moments of arriving. I went down first thing in the morning as well as later in the afternoon to right before lunch--always found a place to sit.If you were trying for 4 together or something it might be a problem but for 2 people, it was easy. THE STAFFConcierge/front desk staff were always very helpful and polite. Most game tables too.Security guard was rude to me when he had to come up and let me into my room due to a key malfunction.Housekeeping were polite but I distinctly told the head of housekeeping that I would like the entire suite to be vacuumed on day 3 and when I returned many of the peanut crumbs were still there. Disappointing. THE LOCATIONNot so great if you want to be in the center of the action, which I thought would be a problem but the property has so many amenities I found I didn't want to or need to leave.Also note there is a shop for &quot;everything&quot; (Magazines, toiletries, candy, water etc) right by the elevators of The Hotel as well. Very convenient, if a tad pricey.********************************************************************************************To sum up:Mandalay Bay is a great casino/resort with a lot of choice under one roof. It is a well-maintained property with helpful staff, and one of the most conveniently laid-out casino floors I've come across.The Hotel at Mandalay Bay is a self-proclaimed 4-star, exclusive minded hotel that lives up to its ambitions.You truly feel like you are getting away from the noise and hustle of the casino when you enter the premises yet they are located so close to the casino that going back and fort to your room is not daunting at all.The rooms are sumptuously appointed with great fixtures and again, a highly relaxing, quiet vibe.My Cons:$$$Expensive$$$This is one of the pricier hotels I've stayed at on the strip. $15 for a day of internet use is ridiculous. Seriously. In this day and age, where it's comped at even a Motel 6, paying that kind of money for a (near) necessity is truly disappointing.My wife had a shot of Grey Goose Vodka at 2 different bars and one was $12 the other was $13, so that's the kind of booze money you can expect. Sunscreen in the shop in The Hotel was $15 for 350 ml.I sort of felt, at times like they were trying to get every dime they could out of me, you know?Bottom line is, I didn't want to stay here, but the quality, comfort, convenience of this property made me a convert and I would stay here again. Even without a special event to attend.	
Jul 14 2009 	Very stylish and comfortable	We have stayed at Mandalay Bay before, so now we wanted to try TheHotel. And we were not disappointed. TheHotel is very stylish, and relatively quiet. When you enter, you don't walk through the casino (like in most hotels in Vegas), but straight into the very stylish lobby.Checking in was fast and effective, and before we knew it we entered our suite. We were positively surprised: clean, stylish, very large bathroom, seperate bedroom, etc. We stayed for 8 nights and enjoyed every single day. I guess the only negative comment we can make is the fact that the rooms were very dark. This is because of the use of a lot of dark materials, and somewhat smaller windows. It didn't bother us, but if you look for something very light: pass on TheHotel.We did not go to any of the restaurants of TheHotel, although we did have a fantastic dinner in the China Grill (Mandalay Bay).Pool? Well, it is the Mandalay Bay pool, which is in our opinion BY FAR the best pool in Vegas! It was crowdy and a but loud, but too much fun not to enjoy :-)All in all very good experience. Certainly given the fact that the room rates were very good (used a coupon code). If we go back to Vegas, we will go back to TheHotel. No question about it!	
Jul 11 2009 	Luxury Look Without Substance	Beautiful accommodations and well appointed rooms. Beds and decor, top notch. Would you like a nice coffee maker in your suite for $250+ per night? Not gonna happen. They have an incredible &quot;wave pool, and beach&quot;....which is only open til 6pm. Hot tub was out of service for our whole five day stay. Oh, by the way...... pool and &quot;luke warm&quot; tub are a solid 5 minute walk from the hotel to the pool area. Same thing with the Spa. Are you kidding me? I REALLY get ticked off when I have to pay about $20 per day for internet access. I can get FREE internet at any Holiday Inn on a road trip in Anytown, USA. In my opinion THE Hotel, is a pretentious posh facility for wannabee rich posers......	
Jul 8 2009 	superb accommodation and amenities location not convenient for strip	superb suite/beach/pools and main buffet restaurant. House of blues restaurant dark, food uninteresting.location not convenient for the Strip, involving tramway a long walk then themonorail to the centre.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Relaxing Time In Midst of Vegas	Spent 5-days over 4th of July weekend at The Hotel. Received an offer and had never stayed at this property. Have stayed at Mandalay Bay which is attached. Went with wife and met friends from LA. Very impressed with everything about the experience at The Hotel. First the check-in was easy compared to most Vegas hotels. Smaller lobby and seperate entrance allowed us to go straight to a host. It probably helped that we checked in around 8pm on Friday night, but still seemed much less of a cattle-call than other hotels we normally stay at (Planet Hollywood, Venetian/Pallazzo and Mirage).The lobby area is cool with lots of marble and dark wood. This is carried out through-out the hotel common areas and then into the rooms. The room was great. A 2-room suite with a seperate living/business area including large flat screen TV and a small powder room. This area included a wet bar and a full couch and chair along with cocktail tables. This area was so accomodating that on Friday night, we had the other couple up to our room for cocktails and room service snacks to catch-up versus going to a noisy bar. It also came in handy several nights when I was not ready too go to bed and wanted to catch-up on SportsCenter and did not have to bother the wife. Priceless bliss for a couple who have been married 20+ years. This usually causes a fight at some time during a trip but no problems! The bedroom was through a door and was well appointed with King bed, another flat screen and a couple of chairs. The furnishings are all dark wook and dark nuetral colors. One of the nicest things was being able to totally &quot;black out&quot; the room for sleep. We love to sleep in (especially in Vegas) and it seems like a little thing but we were able to simulate complete darkness. The curtains actually overlap so you can achieve this. Sounds a little crazy, but made the trip even that much better.The main bathroom was great. Two vanities, seperate doored toilet, large tub and stand alone shower. Plenty of room and really nice marble throughout. We had breakfast at The Cafe (everything at The Hotel is generic in nature - The Cafe, The Store, etc.). It was good but pricey at about $18ea. Also ate breakfast one morning at House of Blues with 2-for-1 coupon. It was adequate and cheap. About what you expect for breakfast.The best part of Mandalay and The Hotel is the pool areas. Did not disappoint. Even though crowded, it is a great area with multiple pools, actual sand beach with large wave generator and plenty of places to sun, sit and get your drink on. There is an Adults-only pool which is really quiet and less crowded for an extra charge. We did it one day and it was worth it. the other 3-days we were fine at the other pool areas. Lots of kids and teenagers but lt was fun watching them goof off. Did go for massage at The Spa. the amenities were great and clean. The actual massage room was a little dingy. Good massage but not great. Caught the massuese at the end of the day after 6 other treatments. My fault not hers. Still would not recommend compared to Wynn or Elemis at Planet Hollywood.Very happy with all the staff from valets, wait staff and room attendants. They have some very good people.I had little luck at the casino. Very good environment for Craps. Really good dealers though they kept taking my money. Shopping is really down. The shopping area was lifeless and the stores were not that impressive. Recommend Ceasars or PLanet Hollywood for shopping. We did go over to NY-NY to eat at Gallaghers Steakhouse on a recommendation. Very good and reasonable. Highly recommend if you want a good atmosphere and great caveman steak. Went back another night to try IL Forrino's at NY-NY. It was average but satisfying as Italian goes. Few notes:1) You are at the south-end of the strip so be prepared for lots of cab rides if you want to go anywhere. The Monorail runs between Mandalay through Luxor to Excaliber but it was not working several days during our trip.2) Most of the hotels are hurting so ask for upgrades or discounts even at check-in.3) Was very disappointed in the Mirage. This used to be a favorite and go back everytime at least for dinner. They used to have the best buffet with hot stations and made-to-order. It didnt make you feel bad for eating at a buffet. Not any more. The food quality was poor, service bad and decor breaking down. Hope MGM-Mirage starts making money again since many of their properties were not looking good.	
Jul 1 2009 	Amazing hotel!	I absolutely loved this hotel, the rooms were spacious and very clean. The pool apparently is the biggest (and most popular) in Vegas, however was very busy. We didn't get a chance to go for a swim but it was very crowded. The concierge was very helpful, we booked a couple of tours and shows, was a little more expensive then buying tickets from the streets but we did every last minute! I couldn't write anything bad about this hotel it was just fantastic!	
Jul 1 2009	TheHotel at Mandalay Bay	Very underrated!. IMO there is a huge difference between Mandalay Bay and the TheHotel. I loved the ease of getting to and out of my room. Mandalay was very crowed the weekend i went- you couldn't tell at TheHotel. The elevators were not busy, the rooms were more updated, the coffee bar and bar were not crowded. I stayed at TheSuite, very nice robes included, excellent bathtubs (even better than the tubs at The Vista Suite) I will stay at TheHotel everytime I go to Vegas. Mix Lounge is there, very nice clubs with the best views anywhere in Vegas.	
Jun 30 2009 	Worst hotel reception service ever worldwide!	I flew from London, UK to Las Vegas for a 1 week relaxing summer holiday with my spouse and booked the entire stay at The Hotel, Mandalay. I wish I had never used orbitz as I could not change my hotel. We were stuck once we received poor service. We asked reception if our room was a strip view? She said they only had rooms with a pool or mountain view left. So I asked for a V suite upgrade. She said they were all fully booked. So I asked to see this pool view room. The view was a far off view of the pool with a huge view of the airstrip and the noise was loud when I turned off the a/c (hotels turn it on if the room is noisy). So I asked to see the mountain view room. She said I could only see 1 room and that was that! I told her I had flown all the way from England and my entire holiday was The Hotel and that the pool room I was shown was too noisy as it was east facing. She then miraculously said oh there is a strip view V suite if you pay $40 + tax per night. She had lied to me about availability! She then said but it is on the 9th floor so you will not see the strip? I was baffled as why would I pay a supplement for a room with a strip view that now does not have a view? So I asked to see the room to see how much of a strip view if any before I pay an extra $40 + tax. She said no. I had my one look. So I asked to see the manager. I was jet-lagged off 18 hours of travelling to get to LV, was under the weather and here I was in distress over check-in and dealing with a deceitful and most unhelpful receptionist who listened to me straining to speak without any sympathy. The manager appeared to tell me that yes indeed there was a strip view room on the 32nd floor and proceeded to check me in with the extra charge. 30 minutes of standing and not once was I offered a seat for my incredible fatigue and being poorly.Did not sleep a wink. The strip view was in the sitting room and the bedroom faced, you got it, the airport, east facing. So when I can get my eyes open properly, I shall be asking for a west-facing room facing the mountains just to get some sleep on vacation. Never again will I stay at The Hotel! This is the worst reception check-in experience of my life and my husband and I have travelled the world. I would expect any human being to say oh you are sick. Please sit down here and we will sort this out for you. Yes I appreciate you have flown a long way just to stay at our hotel and we would want to do the best to ensure you are happy with us. But instead I got lied to, did not get a wink of sleep and have to face check-in again to get a quiet west facing room (if they tell me there is none, I shall scream!)	
Jun 29 2009 	pool area overcrowded	Just returned home from las vegas Stayed at hotel mandalay baythis hotel does not have own pool luss shares pool with mandalay bay hotel The pool was so busy you had to get up really early to find sun beds .Lots of people reserving beds!$140 per day to rent bed with pads and parasol whooping $600 for cabanan All pools only open at weekend If you are going to las vegas for some relaxation in the sun Do not pick this hotel	
Jun 28 2009 	beautifull hotel	having justarrivedback home ifeel i have to give this hotel abig shout as it was beautiful, very clean the staff very curtious and the beds are the beds arethe best ever i wantedto spend my whole holiday just lying there watching the massive plasma screen he he, check in took about 10 mins no probs, this is my 1st time to vegas so did not know what to expect but loved the hotel only downside was the price of food and drinks it cost 24dollers for 2x vodka and cokes which to me is very very expensive,i only spent one day by the wave pool which was brill but again my only complaintwould be having to pay 10 dollers for a pint of water the buffet which cost 23 dollers was well worth the price tho and was fantastic would recomend this hotel to anyone but just be aware it.s not cheap!!!!!!!!!!! its about a 10 min walk to centre of vegas we ate in bills gambleing hall quite abit the victoria room that was really good and cost wasok to eat and drink there, you can pay 3 dollers each for a bus that will last 24 hours and you can get on and off anytime and as many times as you like it stops at every hotel along the strip highly recomended for getting about.	
Jun 27 2009 	Excellent large rooms let down by disinterested staff	I travelled to Las Vegas for a friend's wedding and spent 4 nights at THEhotel. My friend lives and works in New York and THEhotel at Mandalay Bay was suggested to him as one of the most exclusive hotels in Vegas. It advertises itself as the boutique style hotel but it is anything but. It's got 1117 rooms for a start. It's huge, impersonal and apart from the large standard room size (actually suites) and some of the decor, there's nothing exclusive about it at all. Nearly all the wedding guests who stayed there reported 20 minute to 40 minute waiting times for check in. The bell boys slouch around and look like you're being a nuisance when you as them to get you a taxi. I left the hotel at 6:30am one day, pressed the special button on the door to let them know that the room could be serviced and when I returned at 3:30pm, it hadn't been. That does not seem like the service one would expect from an exclusive hotel. I went down to the pool area and there was an absolute sea of people. Three of us went down together at 9am but it was so busy that we had to carry loungers around in order to be together. There was an area next to the pool that was quieter with better loungers and so we enquired about it. It cost $100 a day for a lounger and $50 for an umbrella. Being stuck with more than a thousand people squashed together felt more like being at a cheap package hotel than anywhere else.My final comment was about how they treated my friend and his fiance / wife. He had to check out of his room into one of the massive suites they have there for drinks with the guests on the wedding night. He paid $1,300 for this suite. He was told to check out of his standard suite by 11am - which he did. He was then told that the person occupying the large suite he was to move into hadn't checked out and to wait until 1pm. He did this and was then told that he would have to wait until 5pm. He was to get married at 5 and come back to the suite with guests at around 6:30 so this was out of the question. He had told the hotel of his plans when he made the booking and they showed absolutely no can-do or any form of special treatment for his wedding day. After getting quite vocal with them and after being messed around for hours, they finally managed to sort things out and move him into the suite in the early afternoon. It's hardly the way to treat someone on their wedding day, particularly when they have been responsible for bringing around 30 additional bookings to your hotel.I liked the rooms. Apart from the size, the beds were comfortable and there was a good view over the strip and the airport.I didn't like the service and the feeling that I was staying in a hotel with service levels like a holiday camp.	
Jun 26 2009 	Big rooms - very bad service	After a 20 min waiting time to check in I got a big sized room that was more like a Junior Suite and with a big bathroom. This is basically where the nice things ends and i really want to point out that if you are used to real luxury hotels like Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental Miami, Sanctuary on Camelback in Phoenix or The Beverly Hills Hotel; you will hate this place.After check in i went to ask concierge for places where to go out in the evening and i was told concierge was closed since it was after 9.15pm - where does concierge close at 9pm and especially in Vegas?The day after my arrival i was put on hold for 10 mins for ordering breakfast (while listening to commercials of course) and then it took 50 mins to get the breakfast. Once it arrived, the quality was very poor and all rushed together. I then went out to the Mandalay pool where i realized i needed there before 8.30am or you wont get a sunbed, and came back late in the evening and my room was not done. i called housekeeping and after another 10 mins on hold I was told that i need to push the &quot;houskeeping service button&quot; in the room to have them to your room. In this place, whenever you need to speak to someone you always need to wait, even in the lobby where there is almost always a que to get to front desk. Since i am a big service &amp; friendly staff fan this place was totally wrong but what i will remember the most is this half eaten chicken bone that was next to my door for two days before someone cleaned the corridor and thats just tells everyhing about the staff's committment and friendliness in this place.	
Jun 22 2009 	Spectacular hotel	Fantastic place ! Mandalay Bay is one the coolest places in the world, and THEHotel is even more spectacular. Great rooms - bigger than my own apartment in Amsterdam - with great furnishing and style. Floor to ceiling windows offer spectacular views of Las Vegas (especially our room, on the 38th floor with full Strip view).Staff is great as well, and rooms are cleaned spotlessly. Health club is very nice as well.	
Jun 19 2009 	Hip modern and not kid friendly	Pros - - Very moden, intersting design- Huge room, all suites. Very comfortable.- Oozes luxury- The Beach at Mandalay Bay: One of the best pool complexes in the world. Fine sandy beach, wave pool, lazy river....very nice. The only complaint is it's pretty crowded.- Lion King show was great.Cons - - Not a place for kids. It's not billed as a family resort, and I probably would not stay here again when traveling with kids.- Did not find the staff very friendly. Had a minor issue at check in that took too long to resolve, and they would not extend my to a noon checkout.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Stay Small little Problems	Stayed from 6-14 to 6-17 and at Checkin did the $20 Upgrade trick and was moved to a Corner room The Room was great the views are awesome, and having the 2 seperate rooms were nice, I could relax in one part while not waking up my wife who was napping. The Hair Dryer didn't work in the room, and the Shower water tempure wouldn't stay the same, Plus the TV in the Bathroom would get channels that the other tv's didn't kinda of Strange! The Casino is great, but a bit of a walk over to it, Easier way to get to is go out the doors in to the parking gargage and then head over to madnalay bay itself,. a little quicker to buffet and restraunt areas.Used the BathHouse Spa, its was great, Cept the Steam room was being worked on, and my Massage was suppose to be 50 mins, but she got me late, and ended 45 mins later, When Paying for 50 minutes, I expect 50 minutes.. Overall the trip was great!	
Jun 17 2009 	Best hotel on the strip for stylish luxury	We stayed at THEhotel for a week in May and we all (Myself,20. My parents, 52 and 48. my partner, 24) absoloutley LOVED it!!I have been very lucky to stay in some amazing luxurious hotels so far in my life and i must say this one comes very high up my list! The rooms are stunning with comfy beds, great wardrobe and chic decor, bathrooms are very spacious and stylish with the best bath tub in the world! seriously! Living areas are nicely set out, with office space which is a great touch. It is definately worth asking for a 'corner room' on a high floor as you will get panoramic windows in your bedroom (you dont get these in other bedrooms although the windows are still huge) with AMAZING views day and night at no extra cost. The spa is lovely and it is definately worth treating yourself to some time in there, the therapists are all very friendly and extremely good at what they do (i reccomend a 'scents of you massage with a scalp enhancement) HEAVEN!! Staff are very helpful and friendly enough (not on disney scale but they are by no means rude).Food is great at all the restaurants and cafes.As you can tell i have no bad things to say about this place, its definately worth a visit!p.s- If you want housekeeping each day you have to press the little button by your door!ENJOY!!!	
Jun 17 2009 	THEreview - Nice but there are better choices	THEgood:Rooms are among the biggest in Vegas, with massive bathrooms, a separate bed chamber, and a large living room (we comfortably watched a hockey game in our room with 6 people).Bath products and linens were top notch; rooms had every amenity you would need. Loved the &quot;THE TP&quot; stickers on the TP.THEhotel is away from the fracas of Mandalay, so no problems getting up the elevator (as was reported by our friends staying in Mandalay proper). Also has its own cab stand which was very convenientPool facilities are great (if you can get to them - see below)Got a great rate on the roomBorder Grill restaurant served some fantastic mexican dishes and drinks, and is right next to the poolTHEbad:THEpool (shared with Mandalay) is a complete gong show. It's beautiful and the wave pool and lazy river are great features, but you've got better odds at the tables than trying to find a lounge chair anytime after 8:30 (and who wants to (or can) wake up early in Vegas??). Our theory was that they built the pool but forgot to account for the extra several hundred rooms in THEhotel. The facilities are also very kid-friendly, which I'm putting as a negative because that necessarily means there were tons of kids everywhere, thus contributing to the general state of pandemoniumTHEservice was average at best, with some instances of it being outright poor. One was, despite the housekeeping cart being right next to our room when we left on one of the days, our room was not cleaned. We then expected evening service but returned late to find that it was still not cleaned. We also found that the restaurant service at the 4 hotel facilities we visited was below par for Vegas, along with the food being slightly overpriced (see below) and of average quality (except the Border Grill, which was great). Nickle and dime approach quickly gets tiresome - everything seems to be at least 10-20% more expensive than it is anywhere else on the strip, and since it's at the end of the strip you can't easily go off-site. Several in our group compared the experience to Disneyland. Not a huge issue (particularly if you're braced for it) but added to the list of annoyancesLocation at the end of the strip is somewhat inconvenient to most of the things we like to do (shopping, shows etc.). Again not a deal-breaker since you can always get a cab, but not idealTHEconclusion:I'm giving this 4/5 overall, but would really say it's more of a 3.5/5. It's certainly better than average, particularly the rooms which again are outstanding, and the pool if you can get to it, but I'm not sure it's quite at the &quot;very good&quot; level. Having stayed in many other places in Vegas I would return to many of them (e.g. Palazzo, Wynn/Encore, Caesar's, Signature at MGM) before this one.	
Jun 16 2009	TheHotel delivers!	There are different sort of reviews here, but let me tell this, short and sweet: this is the first time I was able to enjoy a true 5-star hotel for a 3-star hotel price. $85 a night during the week, and $139 on a weekend is cheaper than most MGM rooms I've ever reserved in my 8 trips to Vegas. Here are the pros and cons (cons are easily avoidable with some inventivness):Pros:1) Awesome soft beds with PLENTY of pillows, that can satisfy even the pickiest traveler.2) Two A/C units - one in bedroom, one in living room - so you don't have to listen to your significant other's whining when he/she goes to bed and you still watch the TV3) 42&quot; Plasma - YEAH BABY!4) Leave decent tip to housekeeping and your room will have PLENTY of everything you need - $3/day would do itCons:1) Very expensive hotel - you won't find a McDonald or cheaper food places here, a sandwich at Starbucks is $8.50. Just eat elsewhere if you try to save money.2) DVD player (Philips) Does not play Divx and you cannot plug in the cables to your own DVD players/game system. Live with it. Enjoy Vegas.3) Mandalay Beach - have to go early and they often don't give more than 1 towel a person. Solution - bring an extra towel and if you can't find a chair, lie on the sand.4) The only serious flaw - you can hear music from the Mix club in some rooms after 11pm. You'll get used to it after a day or two. Overall - definitely a 5-star. Wonderful quality, total luxury (even bathrobes and sleepers), that's the hotel to stay if you can get a great deal.Finally - Mandalay's buffet is one of the best in Vegas. Actually, if you want to taste Vegas and do it with decent food, you gotta try Mandalay Bay, Wynn, Rio, and Paris buffets. Avoid 3-star hotel buffets like a plague.	
Jun 15 2009 	Just a quick weekend at THEhotel	Thursday June 4, 2009 I left Brussels for a quick visit to Las Vegas. Wanting to enjoy the trip to the fullest I decided to go for it and upgraded my flights to business class to make it a real Vegas Experience. The flight from Brussels to Washington by UA went very smooth and staff was great! After boarding the connecting flight to LAS we received notice that there were some issues with some fuelindicators leaving the plane grounded untill repaired. After about 4 hours of waiting the replacement aircraft arrived to take of to LAS. Since I didn't wanted to take a risk I called ahead to THEhotel mentioning that my plane was grounded and that I'll be checking in after midnight. This wasn't a problem and the remarks were noted in the system so that I wouldn't lose my room. After arrival in LAS I took a cab to THEhotel and enjoyed the time talking with the driver. It was a couple of years since being in Vegas but people are still friendly. The entrance of THEhotel is located inside Mandalay Bay or inside the parking space. A bit strange but no problem for me. Due the late arrival there weren't any lines at check-in and a room was issued very quick. I requested a room with some view on the airfield and got a room on the 17th floor from where I could see planes taking off. The room was a pleasant surprise. While some hotels make extremely good pictures and deliver extremely poor rooms THEhotel delivered the room (a suite) just like in the pictures. I was a very nice and spacious room with a large bathroom containing a huge bathtub and a nice shower. I loved it on first sight! The 42&quot; Philips tv in the living room was actually a bit to big to be enjoyable from the couch. It would be better in the bedroom were you are a bit farther from the tv (which is a regular CRT screen). Also the tv in the bathroom is a nice addition. Small but enjoyable. I spend a lot of time on the desk writing some reports, surfing on the internet (expensive, it would be better if compimentary but faster then many other hotels) or doing some research. It was enjoyable to have a nice desk to work from.Although the bed was very nice and big I actually didn't sleep well in it. I'm used to sleep on a hard bed instead of a soft one and this bed was one of the softest In ever slept in. Enjoyable to relax a bit but I couldn't get any sleep, due this I only slept about 3 hours a night at most. Not the fault of the hotel since probably there aren't to much customers who enjoy a hard bed but it kept me awake ;)One smaller issue is the airconditiong, there are actually 2 units in the room which can probably cool to a freezing point. Although they AC unit could be set on a specific temperature it seemed to cool when it was not necessary, especially during the night. But this could be fixed by turning them off ;)I've ordered a couple of times through roomservice and although not cheap the food was actually very good! Never had an issue that it was allready cold or something, everything was just fine and the portions are huge (at least to European standards).Check out went also very fine, due the fact I was on irregular hours on my room the minibar was never checked upon so I gave them a list with everything I took from the minibar and they thanked me for my honesty (since I didn't leave a credit card they wouldn't be able to charge it afterwards). Lovely and friendly service!After a quick cabride to the airport I could take my flight back home to Belgium. Leaving with a loss of only a couple of hundreds of dollars (far below the max. loss I calculated) I enjoyed myself again to upgrade the flight to business class (IAD-BRU route). After a quick and delicous meal on the plane (I loved the food which was actually good and that something for a man who hated airline food) I slept for several hours and woke up an hour prior to landing in Brussels on Tuesday, June 9, 2009. After collecting my car from the car hotel it was a short ride to home to grab a quick shower and heading to my office to start a new working day.It was a very nice stay at THEhotel and I certainly will stay there again in the future, maybe in one of the more expensive suites.	
Jun 12 2009	The Hotel at Mandalay Bay	Stayed at the Hotel June 8th-11th. The lobby was very clean and check-in was a breeze. I was able to get into a room at 11:30 am. Rooms are huge and clean with a very nice bathroom. My only complaint would be the bed. The mattress was pretty lumpy and worn. We also only had two pillows for a king size bed and both pillows were old and worn. If staying at this hotel you will be sharing the pool area with guest of Mandalay Bay. While the pool area is huge it is not relaxing at all. There are alot of people and many young partiers who are very disrespectful to the people around them. We had massages at the spa which I felt were below average for the price. I would recommend this hotel if the price is right but when rates go back up you may want to consider another location.	
Jun 12 2009 	A Nice Break	We stayed our first 2 nights at MGM Grand and our last 2 nights at TheHotel. What a difference! Upon entering TheHotel you smell these wonderful white flowers, the lights are soft and soothing, and it is very easy to navigate. Pretty much the opposite of MGM, which I think is constructed as a large smoke-filled maze to disorient the drunk people. TheHotel was a much classier experience and much more relaxing. Reaching our suite was quick and easy, and the room was very nice. Our room was very clean, unlike some of the other reviews I have read, so I can't comment on that. I even took a bath in the giant tub after shopping in the Mandalay Place shops and buying a bath bomb -- it was great! My only disappointment was with the pool area. The entire reason I wanted to stay at Mandalay Bay was because the pool looked so fantastic. However, for being such a classy hotel, I was surprised that they had no umbrellas at all, basically forcing you to rent a cabana -- which I couldn't afford. So your only option is to enjoy the pool for as long as you can endure the Vegas sunshine, which isn't very long. I think that this is their way to getting people to leave the pool area so more people can visit. The pool area wasn't as big as I thought it would be and the lawn chairs were just stacked upon each other -- it wasn't a very relaxing experience to be crammed in with everyone else. The one benefit of MGM was the large pool structure -- you didn't feel so crowded there. I am very glad that I did NOT rent a cabana, even though I had a cabana credit -- they were not 1/2 as nice as they looked in the picture. As to location, it wasn't as far away as people have said -- it was about a 10-15 minute walk to get to MGM, and everything else is about a 10-15 minute walk from there. We rented a car which was very helpful, so we could get to wherever we wanted easily.Overall, I would recommend TheHotel if you want a break from the madness that is the rest of the Vegas strip. The casino was very nice and their drink service was top notch -- my friend ordered a jack and coke and they definitely didn't skimp on the jack -- in fact, I think that's all it was! They were also extremely prompt, and apologized if they took more than 10 minutes to get back to you, which is virtually unheard of anywhere else. I'm still not sure how I feel about the pool situation -- I might try staying elsewhere to find a more relaxing pool scene with umbrellas for shade.	
Jun 9 2009 	Mandalay Bay... Not what is is advertised as :(	This was our first trip to Vegas so needless to say we were very excited. After going threw every hotel on the strip, we dicided to stay at the so called Classiest Hotel in Vegas, NOT SO MUCH.Upon our arrival, after waiting in line for about an hour and a half, the girl at the front desk was not very friendly, and seemed like we were putting her because as any first timer would ask alot a questions about the hotel, and where all the good casinos are she looked up from her computer and said &quot;Mam Im trying to do my job, just go to the service desk ok. Hmmm I thought. When we finally got our room I was shocked, The Hotel was disgustingly filthy, The toilets were not clean, the tub Had soap scum and god know what else caked on it, The blow dryer, along with the television did not work, As excited as we were to finally be in vegas, I was ready to do a about face and go back home. When we called the desk to complain, they said they would send somebody up immedatly to fix our tv and to clean the room properly, They seemed genuinely sorry for the way our room was and we were satisfied that as they said they would be up immeaditly, Well after waiting for over 2 hours we left the room, we wanted to start or dream vacation not sit in the room waiting for them to fix our room. On our way pout we stopped at customer service and explained the situation, and once again that someone would be dispached straight up to our room to (ok we will give them one more chance to fix things) we left and went on the strip the first hotel we went to was the luxor, when we walked in our first thought was we should of stayed there instead. We spent the rest of the evening up until about 3 am in the morning we went up and down the strip having no idea how to get around the strip, because the nice people at Mandlaly Bay didnt have the time to tell us about the various shuttle that would take us almost where ever we wanted we wanted to go. We had such a wonderful time at all the hotel and casinos we went to, but there was a dark spot in our excitement worrying what we would come back to at Mandalay Bay. We arrived back at the hoel around 330 am, opened our room which had such a bad musty odor I felt like I couldnt breathe, and not one of our comlaints were fixed. When we crawled into bed that night we pulled off the bed quilt and to our surprise we had dirty filthy disgusting sheets, we decided to sleep on top of the quilt that night.we decided in the morning we were going to demad another room or we would try and get a room at one of the other beatiful hotels we saw that night. when morning came we went right down stairs, and once again told them our story about the room, and recieved the same thing as the night before, they will dipach some one to the room imeadiately. My Husband hit the roof. We went back to the room and started to call around to see if possibly any hotel could accomidate us, after being told that everyone was booked up, we tried the Ballys Las Vega and told them our story and not only gave us a room at a much cheaper room we were given a suite at the same price, They apoligized for the night we suffered at The HOTEL MANDADLY BAY. We walked into our suite and I just cried, this was what we thought were getting at the bay. the suite was beautiful, it was clean and the had changed the sheets. Clean sheets wow I thought. Ballys was beautiful, the location was in the center strip, close to everything anway we wanted to go down the strip. Their rooms were immaculate, and the service is what you would expect of this Classy, Clean, Hotel. I guees when you call Madalay bay, you must specify you want a clean room, clean sheets, and bath tub, because if you dont specify this when you make your reservation, you get what we had, a disgustingly filthy room, and terrible service. Thanks Ballys for saving our first trip to Las Vegas.	
Jun 5 2009 	THE Hotel -- a first class place	We stayed in an upgraded suite overlooking the Strip over Spring Break. We were with our 10 year old son who really wanted to see Vegas and I had never been there either, but my husband had been several times. We didn't realize it, but we picked the start of March Madness for our arrival, and Vegas was really crowded during that 4 day period. (We had heard stories of how dead it was... not that weekend!) We selected THE Hotel because you do not have enter the hotel through the casino, and we got a large suite, which was very well appointed (I appreciated the footrest in the shower to help women shave their legs -- they must have had a female architect!). The concierge was helpful, but THE Hotel is huge (as are all the hotels on the Strip). If we ever went back, we would stay in a location that was more mid-strip like the Venetian or the Bellagio, because we were far from everything, although my son LOVED the wave pool...We went to three shows - Tournament of Kings (my son loved it -- it is like WWE!), Lance Burton (my son was called up to stage to hold a birdcage and it disappeared into thin air!), and Beatles LOVE by Cirque de Soleil -- all were amazing. We saw every attraction on the strip -- the volcano erupting at the Mirage, the MGM lions, Sigfried and Roy's Secret Garden (a great place to see dolphins 3 feet in front of you), the Eiffel Tower, the Gondola Ride at the Venetian, the Fountains at the Bellagio. We had the best breakfast in Vegas at the Paris (it really was so much better than the buffet the Mandalay). We ate at BLT Burger for dinner one night, and at Olives at the Bellagio and L'Ami Gabi at the Paris for lunch -- all delicious. We also ate at Fiamma for dinner, which was very snobby and which incredibly would not do pasta with butter and cheese for my son without a big fight. Not very service oriented!! We also saw the Titanic exhibit at the Luxor, which was really interesting and which we recommend.We had a lot of fun, and my son can't wait to go back! He's angling for his 13th birthday!	
Jun 4 2009 	Wish I had longer !	1st time at &quot;THE HOTEL&quot;, I found a great deal on earlyvegas.com for 2nghts(Sun&amp;Mon).Stayed in the V-suite on the 13th floor.Nice view of the strip(LUXOR PYRAMID)and mountains directly outside bedroom window.Large rooms with 1 1/2 marble bath including flat tv in the bathroom.His &amp; Her robes &amp; slippers,when one of my slippers broke the housecleaning replaced it without me requesting it. Enjoyed the lazy river,bring your own worms or pay the $20 for the innertube,wave pool needs larger waves.Check for happy hour at the House of Blues($5 appetizers). If your looking for a smoke free hotel with the vegas glam this is it. Can't wait to return!!!	
Jun 3 2009 	Easily best experience in Vegas ranking is bs.	I'm not a big Vegas person, but stayed here with a friend who was visiting family (and were footing the bill for hotels). We jumped around hotels trying to get deals and had the misfortune of staying at Circus Circus one night (a nightmare dump), Bellagio (pretentious garbage whose hallways look like something out of The Shining), The Palms (decent, better than most but lame casino and mall-ish food courts) and finally the last 2 nights at TheHotel. It was like night and day. A suite, not a room... a separate living area space with couch (and a door, so if one person wants to stay up the other doesn't have to hear the TV), desk, full LCD TV (not common in 06), and just classy. Tired of eating out I ordered room service, and got a ribeye. One of the best meals I've eaten, honestly restaurant level room service. The Aquarium is over-rated in Mandalay but the complex houses some conveniences (small shops for drinks and cigarettes) and my all time favorite Vegas restaurant The Burger Bar with Wagyu beef burgers, jalapeno bacon. Go there, Penn &amp; Teller also swear by it, phenomenal burgers. For prices of some of the uber fancy places this place is ridiculous to have this ranked so low on the hotel list. Definitely a top ten if not top five hotel in Vegas, I suspect some of them like the Bellagio are falsely boosted... but hey, it's Vegas.	
Jun 3 2009 	Girls Getaway Trip Couldn't be Better	This was a 40th birthday gift from my husband so three girlfriends and I decided to spend part of it in Vegas. THEhotel was perfect for what I was looking for. I wanted something with great pools, great restaurants, close to a casino, and convenient to everything else. The suites were perfect, bedding was superb, great choice of pools(beach, adults only, kids, etc), restaurants that were top notch, and excellent service. I'd stay here again. The ONLY drawback was that it took a day or two to figure out the best way to navigate from THEhotel to the pools, yet still only a 6-8 minute walk or so.	
May 30 2009 	Excellent Hotel--Couldn't Be Better	Four day trip on &quot;second honeymoon.&quot; Had a V-Suite (at a great rate because we booked two moths in advance) and upon check-in asked for and were given a non-smoking Strip view. When you cross the threshold from Mandalay Bay to theHotel, everything seems to slow down to a relaxing and soothing pace. The decor is modern and somewhat muted, not the least bit gaudy-we liked it! Every single staff person--bellhop, porter, desk staff, concierge, cleaning staff, pool people and hotel maintenance--were unfailingly helpful and polite. Room was outstanding with a wee bit of wear. Bathroom was to do die for!Yes, it's a bit of a hike to the Mandalay pool complex..and you must get there early (7:30 am) to snag chaise loungers. So what? South Lagoon Pool opened at 10 AM--better for later risers...just not a real beach.The overall atmosphere is upscale bu t not snooty.Coffee in the AM was available in theCafe. Funny how some folks will think nothing about playing a $25 blackjack table but squawk about a $3.00 cup of coffee. HEY--IT'S VACATION!Food options in Mandalay Bay were plentiful--Red White and Blue was good as was Canters Deli (in the corner of the Sports Book). Bayside Buffet was excellent (outstanding service) and not terribly expensive. HINT: Get there at 10:15 and enjoy the best of both worlds--breakfast and lunch (breakfast was better overall). We chose not to hit the higher-end restaurants...so we could lose more Casino was nice--open, spacious and high ceilings. Just wish we could have won!Internet services were available off the check in area--free log in to reconfirm flights.Use west entrance area for airport shuttle--very convenient. Taxi stand located there, too.Strip location is remote but we knew that. Just use the &quot;Deuce&quot;--public, double-decker bus transportation all the way to Fremont Street if you wish.minute. 3-day pass available for $15.00--what a deal!Thank you, theHotel, for a great stay!	
May 30 2009 	Great First Stay - Nice Alternate to Mandalay Bay	I've probably stayed at Mandalay Bay a dozen times but this was my first time at THEhotel. It was only $20/night more than Mandalay Bay, couldn't pass it up. In many ways I preferred the location, closer to the parking garage and bulk of the restaurants such as rumjungle vs the Mandalay Bay tower.I've stayed at Platinum and Signature in the last 18 mos and thought the suite compared well. No kitchenette or balcony but everything else top notch. I requested a pool view room and was assigned 36810. My sense was the distance was further than at the main tower but I could still judge if the chairs were getting scarce, etc.I really liked the living room area when you entered the room, it feels like you're entering someone's apartment. Large bedroom with comfortable king bed. Large bath with tub for two and large glass shower stall. And a separate 1/2 bath to boot. A lot more storage space than a typical suite or hotel room. The robe and slippers were a nice touch.It's just a personal preference but I didn't care for the dark/black wood tones. As some have mentioned it's starting to show some wear spots and I prefer a lighter tone. I've also found the hotel lobby a little dim for my taste.Checkin and checkout personnel were very polite and professional. I used the in-house coffee counter a few times but not the restaurant. My friend and I went to Mix on the top floor one evening for a drink, a great view up the strip. It is amazing how much the CityCenter skyline obscures the view now though.Pool was great as always. Using the side entrance you are close to the Lazy River, which I got a lot of enjoyment out of.Definitely will consider this property again in the future.	
May 28 2009 	The Hotel is The Place to Be!	Bachelorette party – four girls per room. Amazing space, comfortable beds and couches. Huge bathroom which was great for all of us getting ready at once. Room service was fast and delicious, although the menu was a little sparse. If you’re going to spend the day at the pool at Mandalay Bay, cabanas are definitely the way to go. The Café is a nice spot for brunch too. Honestly I had no complaints, it was a great time and a really comfortable hotel.	
May 28 2009 	Overall Disappointment	We are frequent travelers to Las Vegas (2-3 trips/year), and have stayed at Mandaylay bay at least 5 times in the last 2 years. This time we chose to stay at THEhotel. We were traveling with a one year old, so it is nice to have both the sitting room and bedroom in the suite. The rooms are quite comfortable. They are not along the lines of what you will find at the Wynn, but they have plasmas, DVD player, iPod dock, etc. Comfortable beds, nice bathroom--although they are in need of some rehab. The carpet was showing its wear and some fraying on the arms of the chairs, etc. I would not call this a first class hotel, but it is a good value for the dollar in terms of space. The pool at Mandalay is great and there are many good options for dining and entertainment. It's at the quiet end of the Strip, so less crowded.That said, we will not return to THEhotel. When we requested our pre-requested adjoining rooms (we are a family with two older children an infant and a pre-schooler) at check in we were told they could not accommodate us. They said that then entire property was sold out for the duration of our stay--we might even need to take rooms on different floors. After a half hour of wrangling with the desk clerk, she finally consulted a supervisor and they &quot;found&quot; two rooms. However, they could not confirm that we could have those rooms for an hour and a half, so they asked us to return to the desk at that time for check in. When we returned, we were told that we would get the rooms, they were not clean yet, but we could have them by 3:00. (I understand that 3:00 is the official check in time.) However, I also learned that the property was only 87% filled at that time. (Not surprising, considering the economy's impace on travel.) Other issues:-Room service late (+15 minutes) 2 out of three times ordered-Broken make up mirror in bathroom-Hair dryer stopped working on day 2 of stay-No children's offerings on room service menu (they did make a grilled cheese upon request)	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic Rooms	This hotel is slightly out of all the hustle and bustle of the strip, which for some is a great bonus! The rooms are fantastic much better than the Belagio.	
May 23 2009 	very classy stay	this hotel is new and very contemporary, with a nice and clean feel to it. it is located on the main strip of vegas, with other hotels. american express gave us a good deal .the bath house spa is a good one. they have a nice big casino, an in huse shop. this is connected to the other hotel- mandalay bay, thats the old wing. but a nice place to stay.	
May 22 2009 	Great Upgrade!	We went to LV with our 9 year old and booked the Mandalay because of the pool. We ended up being upgraded to THEhotel - lucky us! The rooms were large and clean. One of the best things is the bathroom. There are two sinks, huge bathtub and a television. My son thought it was the coolest thing ever to take a bath and watch tv at the same time - I could barely get him to leave the room. The room was very quiet, I only heard noise on our last day and even then it was very low. The casino was great, it seemed to be a lot less smoky than the other casinos. The downside is the location - be prepared to walk or take a cab if you want to visit other properties. Overall, I would definitely stay at THEhotel again.	
May 22 2009 	Great Stay at THEhotel	Stayed at THEhotel for 4 nights. The rooms were spacious, comfortable, and a great place to relax after roaming the strip. Stayed at Mandalay for the pool and it was truly an amazing pool area. THEhotel is not that far a walk from the casino and getting around the hotel is fairly easy. The one drawback is that the Mandalay Bay complex is the southernmost hotel on the strip so getting to other hotels required a good bit of traveling by foot although the tram to excalibur helped a little. The price was great and I would definitely say these are up there with the top rooms in Las Vegas. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 20 2009 	First trip to Vegas made GREAT by THEhotel	The rooms (we had two) were a great value...we're a group of 23 year old girls, but they didn't treat us like &quot;spring breakers&quot; -- they treated us like the adults we are and we really appreciated that. the concierge was so fantastic and made sure that anything we asked for we had. the hotel is STUNNING -- so clean!! the bathrooms were spotless (a major requirement for me). the only setback at all was asking for extra pillows and blankets -- it took at least 2 phone calls to have these items brought to our room. everyone working at the hotel was so respectful and very friendly -- truly service with a smile. our room was on the 5th floor and didn't have a view of the strip, but we were barely in the room. the beds were super comfortable too!just a heads up -- DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING on the mini-bar unless you want to pay for it. like literally, don't even touch it. they have sensors on them and you will automatically see it on the bill even if you didn't eat the nuts or candy. we didn't even ASK for the key to the mini-fridge (because it would have been tempting). the pool is fantastic, but 1. definitely wear a lot of sunscreen and 2. get to the pool before 9:30am, or else you are going to be chairless. we had to pay to lay out in the reserved seating one morning because it was so crowded.My first trip to vegas was definitely a memorable one, and thanks to the great experience i had in THEhotel i'll definitely be going back!	
May 20 2009 	Great play to stay in Vegas	My husband and I were celebrating our 26th wedding anniversary and found this hotel to be quite and with no casino attached we did not smell smoke which was great. Would stay here again and highly recommend this hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Gorgeous luxury hotel	Beautiful luxury hotel. Have stayed in Vegas a few times, and this hotel is stunning.The spa is amazing, and it is much quieter than Mandalay Bay.Being out the way on end of strip, it wouldn't suit the less abled or those with small children. There is a tram linking the Mandalay Bay with the Luxor but this is quite a walk through the hotels.Only problem is the staff are quite rude, (compared to MGM, Signtaure at MGM, and others) and it took AGES to check in with lots of problems. They were trying to charge me a different rate than I had booked for, adding nearly a thousand dollars!!This hotel is trendy, chic, and understated elegance.Room service was amazing.	
May 17 2009 	Definitely 5-Star with a home feel	Just got back from a 3-night stay (Wed-Fri). This was our first stay here, but will definitely stay here again (even if we have to pay; room was comped this time).Check in was very efficient and professional. Our room was on the 10th floor facing airport (which we did not mind since we did not have to pay for the room).Hallways were nicely decorated, and quiet. You don't have housekeeping with their carts there most of the day like some other hotels do.We wanted a king bed but they didn't have any when we checked in, so we ended up with 2 queen beds. Room is very nicely furnished. Nice to have an actual bedroom. Bathroom was great. The tub looked real nice; wanted to try it but never got around to it (save that for next trip). The room (suite, I should say) almost feels like home without kitchen and dining area.Spent some time at the beach; managed to snag a couple of chairs right in front of the wave pool. Great pool. Did not try the lazy river; it looks smaller than the one at MGM Grand.Had dinner one night at the Border Grill (Mexican cuisine). Had a choice of sitting inside or on their patio. Chose patio and it was great (location and food). Staff was friendly.Yes, location maybe a negative for some, but it was not a problem for us. We are regulars to LV (2 - 3 times a year) so we have seen and done most touristy things. There is a tram that will take you to Excalibur.What I really like about this hotel is that you feel more like you are walking into a higher end condo building than a hotel.Overall, I would definitely recommend theHotel if the budget allows (well worth the price).	
May 15 2009 	Great spa and good value	My friend and I shared a room and really enjoyed the space. We had a nice area for our laptop and lounging. The internet was $15/day (sucks) but we had biz emails to do. Our bedroom was nicely appointed with lots of pillows and a sense of luxury . The bathroom was the best part with a separate shower and a great tub. The bathtub was so good I took two baths. The free shampoos and toiletries were of good quality. The room cleaners were also great about giving extra toiletries and they definitely appreciated the few dollars tip we left each day. The Spa was an extra charge per day. I think about $25 but it is so worth it. It's basically divided into female and male spas, with sauna, whirlpool, steam room and lots of great free refreshments and snacks.The pool area was great too. Friendly staff. The lazy river was fun to glide around in and of course checking out all the girls. The only negatives: no coffee maker in the room, but there's a Starbucks close-by. The breakfast/restaurants in the lobby didn't appeal to us because it seemed too expensive when you can wander somewhere else and get better value and see the sights.	
May 15 2009 	LOVE LOVE LOVED IT!!	This is not what you expect when you come to Vegas. It was clean, resort-like, quiet and so trendy! My husband and I came for our anniversary; we've never been to Vegas. I am so glad we made this choice. From chaotic life in the middle of the strip to have this to come back to at the end of the day was awesome! As soon as you walked in The Hotel it was like you were in a spa. Even the casino wasn't that crowded, which was nice, probably because it's at the end of the strip. If you want relaxing stay here! And rent a cabana which is about $250 a day but you get it from 10am-7pm and it comes with free water and soda all day, free tubes for the lazy river and everything else with personal wait staff. We are not rich by any means but this you have to do especially on the weekends because finding a chair to lounge on at the pools or beach is impossible, so if you're not renting a cabana or gazebo get down there early if you want a chair!Room service was fantastic, it costs just as much as any restaurant in the place and it was delicious!If you want romantic go to charlie palmers steakhouse in the four seasons, it was the best steak ever and super romantic. The meal was about $200 for 2 of us with drinks, appetizer and the main course. It was worth ist! The price was unbeatable for a suite! This hotel and staff made our vacation unforgettable.	
May 14 2009 	amazing place to go back to after a long day of the strip	All in all, our stay at The Hotel was great. Beautiful rooms, great view, lots of space, very relaxing. It was way nicer than the price we paid. Two Negatives:(1) Location (all the way at one end of the strip. we took the tram to the excalibur most times to avoid 3/4 of a mile in walking)(2) WAYYYYY overpriced internet (14.99 for 24 hours!)I would definately recommend. Ate at the Burger Bar and the Buffet (if you love burgers, check out burger bar!)	
May 9 2009 	#33 TA Ranking is Too Modest!	Not sure how these reviews compute to a final ranking, but as a frequent visitor to Vegas since 1996, who has stayed at many of the higher end properties multiple times (as well as some dumps), THEhotel is easily very close to the Top 10....especially given budget-choiced places like Orleans and Hampton Inn somehow scored higher.All of the 700+ four and five star reviews are spot-on. I did three nites here and can only dink it for three minor demerits....digital TV channel selection and overall reception could have been better, the automated checkout was down, and wi-fi surcharge was tacky. Of the notable plusses, check-in was lightning quick, room service for breakast was excellent and very reasonably priced, and housekeeping/room condition was exemplary. For those who chide about the south strip location, I personally like being away from the center of the &quot;Griswold Vacation&quot; crowd doing their thing as it adds to a more refined vibe in and around the hotel, casino, restaurants and bars. Otherwise I did hit Encore, Wynn, Pallazzo, Planet Hollywood, and MGM, all after taking the free train to Excalibur. Did not do the pool this time but had many times before....if you like a giant waves pool and sandy beach scene, you will need deal with the masses for that pleasure...otherwise pay the extra freight for the Moorea Club and your wife/girlfriend can work on those obtrusive lines with some topless tanning.TIP: Get/Use MGM Mirage Club Card and watch for heavy discounts on their website. I am embarrassed to say my THREE NITES TOTAL COST LESS THAN HALF of what I have paid for one niight at Venetian and Bellagio.TIP2: RM Seafood in Mandalay is one of the best fish places in town.	
May 6 2009 	Great stylish hotel but didn't love the location	A friend and I stayed at The Hotel last May for a girly week away. The hotel itself is stunning, check in was a breeze and the staff were very helpful. We had a room with a great view of the Strip - even more fantastic at night! The suite itself had everything - and having two bathrooms was a huge plus.Make sure to have a drink at Mix and take in the strip view at night. And the Mexican restaurant by the pool area was really good. We had a spa day too - at the Mandalay spa not the Bathhouse and I can highly recomend - great facilities and much quieter and relaxing than the trendy Bathhouse.The only thing that disappointed me was the Mandalay Pool - it was a long hike from The Hotel as you use a shared pool with normal Manadalay, plus there were way too many kids running around to be relaxing. The 'beach' is lounge chairs stacked nearly on top of each other so you can't even get a toe in the sand! That being said, the lazy river was fantastic fun. Other slight drawback is location - the Luxor and Excalibur weren't really our 'scene' so the tram wasn't really useful. New York New York and MGM were okay, but you really needed a taxi to get to anywhere Mid-strip - which was fine as it only ever took a nanosecond for staff to get you one outside.Recommend!	
May 2 2009 	Unusual Vegas hotel	Very quiet and elegant tower attached to the Mandalay Bay, with understated colors in the spacious suites. Great views. Very modern spa.	
May 1 2009 	Poor Service	I asked for all food to be taken from my room on check-in. I was told the mini-bar would be locked. It wasnt and the snack tray was still on display. I asked for the snack tray to be removed and it was. The next day the snack tray was restocked and it took three hours and three phone calls to have it removed.I have eaten at the buffet here and it was ordinary and the bread was stale. This hotel would suit someone who likes the wave pool and the beach areas and likes to drink.There are better hotels on the strip for this kind of money	
May 1 2009 	Great suites nice views	Went in April with my boyfriend and had a free room (thanks to a friend). I have previously stayed at Mandalay Bay and Hard Rock Hotel - this room was the best of the three. The rooms are VERY spacious, with a separate living room and an extra 1/2 bath. The bathroom was great with a huge tub (large enough for two) and separate shower. The toilet is separated by a door and there is a double vanity and a small flat screen TV in the bathroom (you can watch if you are in the tub). The strip view is great (it was actually better in the room I stayed in Mandalay Bay - I suppose it depends on what room you get). Mandalay pool area is huge, but we did struggle finding two lounge chairs together. We didn't go down early, but were able to catch a couple leaving and took their chairs. There doesn't seem to be many workers at the pool area to help with chairs. You can't order food from the servers at your loungers, but can order drinks. They have a &quot;take-out&quot; area for food and also a small restaurant for burgers, etc. in the pool area. There are several restaurants at the Mandalay complex. We ate at the Verandah at the Four Seasons for brunch one day and it was excellent (the Four Seasons is attached to Mandalay). We also tried Red, White and Blue one day and it was good - nothing to rave about, but good. Burger Bar in Mandalay Place is great for burger lovers.The only con would be that the location is on the South Strip (which might be a pro for some). I have stayed here before and would love to stay mid-strip sometime for the convenience. Cabs at about $12/ trip can start to add up.	
Apr 29 2009 	Modern Hotel + Beach Access with Mandalay	Stayed at THE Hotel in Vegas for a Bachelor Party. As others have mentioned, the interior is very modern and similar to W Hotels. Rooms do not disappoint, nice furnishings and all rooms are 2 room suites with separate living and sleeping areas. There is also an extra 1/2 bath with the living area that is not common in most &quot;all suite&quot; hotels in Vegas (i.e Venetian).Best Feature: Access to Mandalay Beach / Pool area. By far one of the best &quot;artificial&quot; beaches I have seen. Could easily forget you're in the middle of the desert!Worst Feature: Location - On the edge of the strip so everything is a cab ride or a long walk. Not a big deal but just be prepared.	
Apr 29 2009 	A fantastic hotel	If in Vegas, I can highly recommend THEhotel, the suites are very very nice. Don't buy drinks at Mix though, they don't pour alcohol in the drinks...Try Stripstek in the Mandalay building, a tremendous wine list, a little steep but very extensive.Peter	
Apr 28 2009 	Amazing this hotel OWNS the compitition	Right from the start this hotel will not fail to astound. The lobby is the best I have seen in Vegas. The service couldn't be better. Most comfortable rooms and beds Ive seen. Even the average room comes complete with a beautiful view(from anywhere in the hotel) and a HUGE bathoom with very exiting technology perks.(very cool gadgets, for tv, internet, phone.) The pool tops off this amazing crowned jewel of Vegas. Best pool not in a water park you will ever find.	
Apr 28 2009	Luxuryclassstayle and comfort a perfect choice	This hotel did not dissappont,it was fabulous in every respect.Having stayed at the Luxor some years previous my daughter and I were determined to go for the best for her hen do .The room was exceptional and immaculate.The service was first class as was the organisation and the staff.The Pool area was incredible but on peak days (Easter weekend) you need to be down by 9am to get a sun lounger.(non can be reserved and this is closley monitored)As with all hotels in Vegas do not go if walking is a problem as unless you have other means of getting around walking from a to b within the Hotel involves long distances and walking the strip is like doing the marathon on a dailey basis.The Hotel Spa was fantastic and worth having a treatment to allow a full days use in the spa.Treatments were unlike thos in Britain in that male therapists were used.Also they tended to be a little brusque.However it did not detract from the experience.We could not comment on the casino as we went to shop and that did not dissappoint! .Overall we liked best the opulence of the hotel,coupled with two brilliant shows and good food .We would recommen this hotel to anyone who does not mind spending a little more for the best .	
Apr 28 2009	Luxurious stay	The hotel is a classy hotel ..you should definitely try it out for a luxurious stay.It doesnt hav a casino of its own.. but that ok cause 5 mins of a walk from the lobby and you walk straight into a casino in the adjoining hotelIts situated on one end of the strip.Overall a gr8 experience	
Apr 26 2009	Luxury Apartment Feel	This is my second stay at The Hotel, and as with the first, I enjoyed the vibe of the hotel. The suites are more like luxury apartments with soothing and relaxing colors, nice artwork, and custom furniture, lamps and carpets. The rooms are quieter than most. I would imagine some of that is due to the thick marble tub and shower surrounds in the bathrooms – you do not hear your neighbor. This is a valuable commodity in Las Vegas as you do not want to be awakened by unwanted noises the few hours you spend in your room. Another nice feature is the extra large main bathroom (a half-bath is off the living room) has an extra-large soaking tub, a third television, and nonslip stone (limestone?) floors instead of the pretty but slippery marble floors found in some hotels.The beds are comfortable with ample space for clothes in the regular suites. The closet space in the V-suite I stayed in the last time had less closet space. The flat screen TV in the living room had a DVD player attached.There are many activities, entertainment and dining options at the attached Mandalay Bay resort. The resort manages to create a very fund atmosphere (even at two in the morning).I only have a few minor complaints. Housekeeping services were provided once-daily. Most hotels in this class provide twice-daily servicing so when you arrive to a clean room when returning from the shows or night clubs. Most people return to their hotel rooms to freshen up before going out after their day time activities in the hot Las Vegas sun. Another thing I noticed is they do not provide mouthwash. This may be a reflection of the economy and their reduced rates. I will take the reduced rates any day over a bottle of mouthwash. I also had a minor issuer with housekeeping one day, nothing major.I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas and THEhotel is one of my favorites because of its quiet and relaxing atmosphere and vibe that makes it feel more like a luxury apartment than a hotel suite.	
Apr 25 2009 	Quieter than most in Vegas	We like THEHotel because the casino is not directly attached. This cuts down on the noise and the smoke. The Bathhouse spa is very nice!	
Apr 25 2009	Not my cup of tea at all!	Ok...first of all, absolutely not a 5 star hotel. You enter through a dark parking garage. The lobby is sleek and elegant, and has beautiful flowers. Check in: the young lady who checked us in had the personality of shoe without a soul. Room: dark, dark, dark!! As a matter of fact the whole place from entrance on is so dark that it is bordering depressing. The carpet is tired looking, and there were food stains on the table as well as one of the light switches. I would definately state that the bathroom is wonderful, huge, high end, but it's still a bathroom, and it was also dark! Casino: huge, slots tighter than a drum. Buffet: very good. Location: miserable!! It was a hike and a half to get from point A to point B. I missed the central strip location. Pool: over rated. Sure, there's a man made &quot;beach', but the waves are so lame, they equal the waves of a good cannonball into a pool. I had a good time, but not because of Thehotel...I honestly would never stay there again or recommend it to anyone. Met a few nice employees, but most were snobby and seemd really miserable. When I go to Vegas I will go back to the places I have stayed before and loved; Mirage, Caesars, Bellagio, ...Thehotel doesn't come close to anyone of them. Trust me, I love to travel, and this place was a huge disappointment!	
Apr 22 2009 	Agreed - Needs an Upgrade	I just got back from TheHotel and that other reviewer is right. The furniture is kind of dated and looks worn. The alarm clock in my bedroom couldn't be used because one of the big knobs was broken off entirely and missing.I read that since this property changed hands the new owners are spending their money on other things (like the new City Center development).	
Apr 22 2009 	Fantastic!!!	Fantastic Hotel-amazing suite, huge bathroom, immaculately clean:) couldnt have been happier with the service. On the 36th floor so brilliant view too!Fantastic pool-worth paying the extra $10 for women/$40 for men for Moreno beach club (private pool/hot tub, comfy sun loungers and over 21's only:)First trip to vegas and well definately be going back very very soon.	
Apr 20 2009 	Time for an Upgrade	Love the public spaces. Love the staff. But this one-time &quot;WOW&quot; hotel is now showing it's age, but not gracefully.In my room this week the coffee tables in the suite's living room were beat: lots of dings, scrapes &amp; scratches. The arm on the desk chair fell off entirely. The beds are old, mattresses need replacing. There's some sort of liquid stain on the desktop. And the toilet leaks on the floor.I used to be a regular here but no more. Time for an upgrade.	
Apr 20 2009 	Gorgeous rooms snooty service.	I almost never stay in 5 star hotels - usually I opt for the middle of the road due to price. But the price for this place made it possible to stay in a fancy place. I really loved the rooms. The lobby was absolutely beautiful, smelled of vanilla, and the Sports box is right around the corner. Awesome. The view of the mountains was great, the bathrooms were perfect. I love the surprise 1/2 bath. However, we asked for a room with 2 beds, but could not get one. We asked for an upgrade to make up for it and they would not do it. We chose this hotel mostly for the pool - it has a great reputation. However, the pools and hotubs were not heated that day. The heaters were broken, and the staff was unapologetic. We ordered a drink from the waitress at the pool ,and it took her 25 mins to get back with the drinks (we had prepaid for them and couldn't skip out.)Anytime there was a problem, no one seemed to care. I called and asked for a late checkout so that we could enjoy the pool, since we could not enjoy it the 1st day we were there, and they wouldn't allow it. I told her we had alot of problems while we were there and her answer was a feigned sympathetic &quot;Yeah...&quot; We all got the feeling that since this place is the hot place to be at the moment, they were doing us a favor by allowing us to stay there. Ew. Overall, I loved the rooms, the staff sucked, but I would stay again.	
Apr 18 2009	Fabulous fabulous fabulous!	We arrived at The Hotel hassle free by taxi from the airport, it took about 10 minutes - not long and was reasonably priced. Check in was quick, however the only room they had available had one king and we had requested two queen beds as it was my mum and I staying at the hotel. They agreed to change us first thing in the morning when a room became available. This happened without a problem the following morning and the new room even had a better view of the strip! The service that we recieved at the hotel was first class and the conciege was particularly helpful with our requests.The first two days of our stay the weather was very hot and therefore we spent the days at the hotel pool and beach. The pool was beautiful and well maintained. We did have to queue for a sun bed as the pool didn't open til 9am. However we are early risers so that didnt bother us and we were able to choose the beds that we wanted opposite the large wave pool. The Hotel is located at the far end of the strip close to the airport, however the strip and other hotels are easily accessible by mono-rail, tram, bus or taxi. The location suited us perfectly and we liked the fact that the hotel is located slightly away from the main hussle and bussle.We saw two shows whilst we were there La Reve at the Wynn, which was fabulous and The Phantom at the Venetian which was also very good.Overall we had a fantastic time at The Hotel and would recommend this hotel highly,	
Apr 18 2009 	Look no further	This hotel is amazing.We were upgraded on arrival to a penthouse room on 61. It was bigger than our house!!There is panoramic views of 3 aspects of Vegas and we were tempted to stay on there and not return to LA.The &quot;room&quot; left us speechless, which says it all!	
Apr 16 2009 	Mixed Feelings	Figured I would write up a review about this place, stayed here last May for the Choice Hotels convention.We got two rooms since there were four of us. Our room was fine. I really like the bedding these big-time hotels have. The room was clean enough for me.But I had to give it three stars because of two things. In the other room we had, their A/C unit was not in working condition. The first night, they struggled, in the morning they called and said it'd be fixed. We went on to the convention, came back, and they got stuck again without the A/C. Memory is fuzzy now, so don't remember if they got it the next day or not, but I'm pretty sure that they were out of luck for the duration of our stay there.Also, there was just something about that t.v., that I just didn't like. I'm not going to go much into this because I may be confusing this with the Hard Rock there, as I've stayed in both places the same amount of time.Check-in, check-out wasn't as speedy as I liked was the second thing. Although when we did get up to the desk, the staff WAS friendly...it's one of those things where you just don't know when the traffic is going to get too much. But it did, and the wait was just bleh. So expensive that I'm just not sure it was worth it, of course, we had no choice and ppl that tend to stay at these high-ends usually don't have a choice(conventions, gambling convenience, etc).	
Apr 14 2009 	Mixed but ended up ok	This review has good and ... well abit annoying. Overall we enjoyed our stay and will probably go back (for the right price). It took 3 room changes before someone on the front desk realised that being near the houskeeping station and over the airconditioning motors weren't our idea of a quiet room. I can't recall her name but if you dont like the hum of aircon motors dont stay in the '900' block here. Eventually we got booked into room 36-807 .. great room. A side on view of the Luxor and strip and it was quiet. The only real complaints are that they need to update their tv system most others have HD-TV so they really should update. We also found the water heavily chlorinated, it really smelt, hubbys skin actually itched after a shower. The bed was comfortable, overall a spacious room, housekeeping were prompt to make up our room on request. Valet were also very prompt. We ate at The Noodle shop and were pleased with the quality of the food and service, we never had to wait more than 3-5 mins to be seated.	
Apr 12 2009 	Almost THEbest	We included THEhotel in our recent package holiday to the West Coast USA through Virgin Holidays. This separately branded “all suite” hotel is part of the Mandalay Bay and provides high quality suites in a more relaxing and up-scale environment. Everything is labelled “THE”, including the shop, bar, restaurant, coffee shop and toilet paper. It has its own spa although the Mandalay Bay spa is bigger and better. Being a short walk from the Mandalay Bay casino it is quieter and less frantic than its neighbour and also has better working lifts! Try not to get a 3rd floor room as this is the lowest floor with a limited number of rooms probably used when the hotel is full and there are no meetings in the meeting rooms which fill most of this floor. Being the lowest rooms they are on the same level as the flat roofs so the view is not good. Finally, be aware of THEsmell from the stench pipes outside the 3rd floor windows and the restrooms on the ground floor. Apart from this THEhotel is great (not cheap but great).	
Apr 10 2009 	TheHotel at Mandalay Bay- Great trip with minor inconveniences	Myself, my brother and some friends were in Vegas for a birthday party April 6-9th. My brother and myself had suites at TheHotel and it was a pleasure staying there for the most part. Check in was quick and easy. My brothers room was not ready however mine was so he left his and luggage in my room and we were able to go walk the strip, gamble etc until his was ready. Now for inconveinece number one. The front desk clerk told him his room would be right down the hall and he would notify cleaning staff and it would be ready within a hour and a half. They told him they would call him on his cell phone. This was at 10:30 am or so the first day. We went and walked around etc and by 2pm stil no phone call so we stopped by the desk and were told he shouldnt have told us a time and his room still was not ready. They finally called close to 3 pm. If we had not had another room this would have been a major inconvenience. If the room is not ready til 3 when check in time is then dont tell people that it will be its as simple as that. We got his room finally and everything after that, food, cleaning service etc was great. Until the last night that is. My brother went back to his room toward dinner time and the card wouldnt open the door, he then went to the front desk who told him the problem was fixed and gave him new cards for the door. Those didnt work either. We had to wait for security who could not open the door and then engineering who had to put a new lock on all the time while we waited. So after that two hour process from desk to fixture being replaced we were not happy as we missed the last night having dinner with our friends. After this incident we went to the front desk and not only did they comp his last night but mine as well due to us both missing dinner and also gave us a large food credit for the restaurants. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel. The service was great and to be fair since they compensated the both of us for the lock mishap when it wasnt even my room I would have to say I cant complain too much. The only thing about this hotel is it is at the far end of the strip so other than the Excalibur and the Luxor which are connected everything else is a walk or a cab ride so just be aware. The food, service and even the gambling were great as far as various denominations and different slots and table games. I would stay there again no problem.	
Apr 8 2009 	Nice Hotel	THE hotel seemed like a nice alternative, my wife &amp; I had never stayed at Mandalay and wanted to give it a try. THE entrance to the lobby is in the parking garage but inside it is very nice. Check in was easy and the service was excellent. The rooms are great with a huge bathroom. The pool area is great but crowded(THE hotel shares the pool at Mandalay Bay), The Four Seasons hotel had their own pool area which would have been nice. The casino at Mandalay is just OK and found myself leaving the casino to play. I liked THE hotel but will be staying at Bellagio next time in Vegas. I just found the location too limiting and the ammenties just OK. I would not recommend this hotel for your 1st trip to Vegas, you would be better off at a location in the middle of the strip. It does have great rooms and if you are just planning on sitting by the pool would work quite well.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great choice!	I had already stayed at the Mandalay Bay the year before and enjoyed my experience, but I tried their new more luxurious hotel and loved it! The decor was very modern and comfortable. Each room was a essentially a suite. The living room was great with a nice comfortable couch, desk and 40&quot; flat panel TV. The bedroom had great &amp; comfortable bed with a fantastic wall setup for hanging clothes and there again was another 32&quot; flat panel TV. The HUGE bathroom also had a TV hanging up on the wall that you could see from the large bath tub and separate shower.One negative was the long lines at the front desk. Sadly, that had most to do with the fact that a lot of people checking into the Mandalay Bay would go to the wrong line and get turned away when the got to the desk. There should have been better signs posted that these 2 hotels were very different.Loved the hotel though and would definitely stay again in the future!	
Apr 6 2009 	No need to go anywhere else	My wife and I stayed for a long weekend. It was a sort of family reunion as both of our sons' families also got rooms at The Hotel. It was a perfect spot for the grownups and the grandkids. Mandayay Bay has everything you need for a great Vegas experience, and the kids were happy to spend all day at the pool area with the wonderful wave pool and lazy river area. Restaurants were plentiful and excellent. The casino is top notch, and night time entertainment is great. The rooms are very modern and comfortable, and the service is perfect.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great Hotel	I really enjoyed my stay at Thehotel at Mandalay Bay. There were many restaurants onsite, most of which are very expensive. We had no problems with the room or with room service. Getting to the center of the strip can be pricey. We had a hard time deciding what would be more economical - taking the tram or taking a taxi.	
Apr 5 2009 	THE Hotel great Bellagio alternative.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on twice in Vegas. We are quite picky with our choices and were very pleased with this hotel. Admitted Trip Advisor junkies, we read all the reviews of this hotel and others before booking our trip. Our big &quot;musts&quot;: cleanliness, location, ambiance, and as close to 5 star quality as possible. We usually stay at the Bellagio. The hotel is really two hotels in one. Mandalay Bay and then THE Hotel. They share the same public areas and restaurants. THE Hotel has it’s own reception area and offers a more upscale suite style hotel experience. CLEANLINESS: This hotel was very clean! The lobby, reception, restaurants and guest rooms were spotless. Not one complaint. Everything looked and smelled new. LOCATION: it is at the end of the strip, closest to the airport. No airplane noise. There is a train that connects this hotel with The Luxor and The Excalibur. AMBIANCE: my husband and I dislike fussy and overly ornate décor. The hotel is beautiful with classic, clean lined furniture and decorations. GUEST ROOM: We stayed in their standard room There is a separate living room from the bedroom. The bedroom was comfy. The bathroom was wonderful! Marble floors, huge walk in marble shower and nice sized vanity. Huge soaking bathtub. Having a living room with a chair and sofa and a desk to work from was first-rate. It was like we had our own “flat” or apartment. This is a large hotel, but it remained very quiet. It was pleasant to return to after very long days of site seeing &amp; gambling. We were treated well and had absolutely no issues with this property. We did not utilize the business or spa facilities.	
Apr 5 2009 	Highly over-rated	This hotel looks fantastic, but sadly its looks are all that impressed. It is aimed at the very young and trendy set for whom quality of service is obviously not important. The reception staff were brusque and service elsewhere in the hotel was perfunctory. None of the smiles that you get elsewhere in Vegas. The hotel had a serious &quot;drain&quot; issue for the 2 days we stayed there - the whole of the large reception area smelled of sewerage which isn't great whilst you're eating breakfast in the hotel cafe. The room was great - we had a suite and it was beautifully appointed, couldn't fault it. However, for the prices they are charging, we expected service more in line with that we received at the Four Seasons. Sharing the lifts with groups of very trendy but very drunk, loud and unsophisticated 20-somethings did not add to the experience. We commented politely when we checked out and were asked if we had enjoyed our stay - they discounted our bill slightly, but we would not return.	
Apr 5 2009 	Two nights of partying at TheHotel	A friend of mine was going to a conference at 4 Seasons, and we picked TheHotel b/c it was basically the same price for a suite here vs a room at 4 Seasons (which is within Mandalay Bay). I had read the reviews here and new what to expect.Check in was painless and quite quick. We got to our room on the 20th floor and as it didn't face the strip, I didn't spend much time staring out at the airport and distant mountains. As has been previously stated, rooms are DARK. Black furniture, dark brown carpets and walls and lights with what seemed to be 20watt bulbs. Energy savings for TheHotel ?The suite was spacious enough with a full living room and 1.5 bathrooms. The main bathroom might even be too big. The bed was comfortable and the bedding was clean. There was a nice plasma or LCD in the living room, the bedroom and even the bathroom. No coffeemaker though. I find that to be ridiculous. I also hate to be nickled and dimed, like $20pp per day to use the gym and $15/day for internet.A number of restaurants are on site. Most are on the pricey end ie $30 for a sushi roll. There was also a restaurant on the top floor, where two appetizers, a martini and a glass of wine ran us $85. The food was great though.We partied up on theMix on the 62nd floor and there is a great view, but loud. There was also a better(IMO) club on the main casino floor. Great dancing and music and hot women.I did not use the pools due to the weather, but it looked awesome with the beach entrance and wave machine.If you want to go to other hotels and casinos and clubs, past the luxor next door, its definitely a hike. We did walk all the way down to Bellagio to check out some of the hotels on the way. This was probably 2-3 miles so certainly not for every one. We did take a cab back though.All in all I think I would recommend this hotel with some reservations.	
Apr 1 2009 	Amazing Place at the end of thestrip	This hotel was beautiful and the suites were great. It was a bit of a walk to get anywhere - you had to walk through the whole casino to get to the pool area, but overall amazing and totally worth it! Much prettier than most of the other hotels I saw. LOVE the pool / beach - especially the lazy river!	
Apr 1 2009 	My favorite hotel	THE hotel is so nice. The rooms are amazing and the bath tubs are even better. The beds are very comfy.	
Mar 30 2009 	Very nice but worth the money?	I stayed here for four nights. The service was top-notch and friendly. The rooms were very nice, with a couch and chairs in the living room area, two very comfortable beds, and large bathrooms. Each room had a large flat screen TV, and even the bathroom had one. The decor is very modern, which is not my taste, but I didn't really care. All that being said, I'm not sure if I would stay here again because of the price. It was fun for a bachelor party weekend, and the suite was handy for watching sports while pre-gaming, but Mandalay is a little out of the way. There were definitely other options that would have served the same purpose for a lot less money.	
Mar 29 2009 	Luxury in Vegas - Reminds Us of a W Hotel	When in Vegas, we sometimes overlook the importance of the &quot;hotel&quot; experience because of the time spent navigating the huge casinos and the Strip. Not so at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. This was our fourth time staying here. From the moment we check in (what is that smell they pump into the lobby - lemon combined with a tropical vanilla of some kind?) to the relief we feel when returning to this sanctuary after a full day and night of Vegas overload ... we love THEhotel and wouldn't think of staying anywhere else. A few weeks ago, we were here for a college basketball tournament (with another couple - all in our 30s). We enjoyed having separate living/sitting rooms to entertain and have drinks before setting out for fun each night. The rooms are extremely comfortable and very stylish. Large plasma TVs in both rooms. Wonderful bathrooms with a huge tub and shower in the main bath. Lovely bath products. Overall, a great experience, especially with discount rates offered these days! The beach and pool area is also fantastic - a real change of pace from most hotel pools.	
Mar 27 2009 	Classy elegant and relaxing	My favorite hotel in Las Vegas. All the rooms are suites, a bathroom off the main entrance, a living area with wet bar and a separate bedroom and very large bathroom. I like the colors, the ambiance and the comfort level of it.I typically park in the lot and do not use valet and just walk down the stairs to the main entrance. The staff has always been impeccable and the bath accessories are among my favorite (no kidding).The bathroom is large, has a nice soaking tub and you can even watch tv while sitting in the tub taking a warm bath. I always ask for a strip view room as its nice to enjoy the view while working. I typically use the desk and then turn the chair facing the window. Great hotel, great service and love to stay and will again.	
Mar 24 2009 	No Coffee Machines In The Rooms	Couldn't believe that I could not make coffee in my room in the morning. I have been to Vegas at least thirty times as well as travel extensively for business- have stayed at alot of the nice hotels and I have never stayed at a hotel that does not have a coffee maker. I would not stay here again.	
Mar 23 2009 	Fabulous hotel - would love to stay again	THE Hotel is truly fabulous - the rooms are spacious and comfortable with separate living area so that if you're there on business as I was, you don't have to live/sleep/eat/work all in the same room. Huge bathroom - just what you need to feel pampered.My only critcism is room service - usually food orders took the full 45 mins to arrive, and when they did the food was not piping hot. In addition there are one or two truly awful items on the menu - the chicken wings sounded great on the menu but turned out to be deep fried in a dark batter several times over - I suspect they were a few days old - I have eaten better chicken in KFC! So be wary about what you order from room service, the better option would be to go to one of the many restaurants in the Mandalay Bay hotel down the corridor and get take out - most of them will let you charge it to your room.That is my only complaint though - I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 21 2009 	An oasis of calm and good taste on the Strip	We stayed in a V suite for 3 nights. We were disappointed to only get a sideways view of the Strip, but loved the huge room. The bathroom in particular was enormous with a mammoth bath easily big enough for two and deep enough to drown in. The rooms and public areas of the hotel were calming and exceptionally tasteful. After the madness of the Strip it was a little oasis and lovely to come back to. THEhotel is at the bottom end of the strip (and the tram wasn't running when we were there), but it's not a long walk to the MGM Grand to pick up the monorail. We drove some days and walked some days and didn't find it a great inconvenience. The shark reef is worth a visit too.	
Mar 21 2009 	Very classy hotel too far from the strip	Everything about Thehotel at Mandalay Bay was classy. The room was great and we loved the Cafe and the view from Mix is a must see. The spa and gym were amazing and there was an excellent selection of restaurants in the Mandalay complex. The staff was efficient and responsive, but we did have some problems with the maid service (we’d leave at 9am and return at 4pm and the maid was just getting to the room). A big drawback for us was the lack of a coffee maker in the room (a must have for us) and the location at the far end of the Strip. Getting anywhere else along the Strip was either a considerable walk or required a taxi. The tram that serves the three resorts (Mandalay Bay, Luxor and Excalibur) was down during our visit. While we enjoyed our stay at Thehotel, and rate it highly in most categories, we would probably stay somewhere nearer the heart of the strip on our next visit.	
Mar 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I had booked a reservation about two months in advance for the standard 725 sqft suite. When I went to check in I was informed that I had been upgraded to the 1800 sqft penthouse. It was a beautiful room on the 61st floor with great views and was by far the nicest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Some reviews complained about the noise from the club above, but from bieng only three floors below it we couldnt hear a thing.	
Mar 17 2009	21st birthday trip for mom and daughter	We just returned from a fabulous stay at THEhotel for my daughter's recent 21st birthday. The suite on the 21st floor (attention to detail) was comfortable and very nice. It had great amenities and a fabulous view of the strip. I found it to be very clean and it was cleaned each day through our stay very adequately. The staff at the hotel was superb....always greeted us warmly and treated us well.I had no problem with the entrance being through the parking garage. The minute you walk into the hotel you are met with understated elegance and a wonderful aroma! Check-in was extremely easy; we were checked in within minutes of our arrival. Someone greeted us and introduced us to the front desk representative, who very quickly checked us in but took the time to provide us with information and ask us if we had any questions about our stay. We rented a car during our stay and valet parking was efficient and the valets were extremely helpful with directions. This hotel is a quiet, elegant alternative to many of the other busy strip hotels, yet we were just steps away from the Mandalay Bay casino and many shops, bars and restaurants. We had dinner our first night at the China Grill and loved it! We enjoyed great food and service.The Mandalay Bay casino is busy but not super packed because of the way it is laid out. It also seems a bit classier than some of the casinos we walked through during our stay. It was also not as smoke-filled. The Mandalay Beach area with all the different pools was really great. Pool chairs can be hard to come by at the peak time of day, but we got there early enough that this wasn't a problem. There are a number of cabanas available to rent for those who don't want to deal with finding pool chairs. If you are willing to spend the money, the cabanas would be great as the weather gets hotter. I look forward to staying at THEhotel again. The rooms are big and comfortable, the lobby areas are beautiful and well maintained, and every staff member we encountered treated us as valued guests.	
Mar 17 2009 	Wonderful rooms!	We stayed at THE HOTEL for a long weekend in March. Everything about the hotel was class. I loved the rooms, the atmosphere and resort. Only strange drawback was the lack of a coffee maker in the room. A must have, especially in Vegas! Loved the MIX both bar and restaurant. We will def. be back1	
Mar 16 2009 	Huge rooms great value outstanding service!	Stayed here Mar. 7-10/09, and loved every minute. It's on the back side of Mandalay Bay, but is far superior as almost every room is a 2 room suite. Each suite has a doorbell, 2 bathrooms, 3 tvs, a roman tub and separate shower. This hotel room oozes luxury! They have their own soap/shampoo line that my wife couldn't believe and loved! It's location is its only hang-up. It's the last major hotel on the south side of the strip, so whenever you want to go out exploring, it'll either be a long walk or a short cab ride. The big plus side of it's location is that the casino is never packed to the point where you can't get on any of the tables, etc. It is a busy casino, but the center strip hotels' casinos are packed as the many gamblers gravitate to these hotels at night. The lobby is a bit foreboding, and some could consider it being cold, as its high marble/granite walls and in black or white and are constantly being polished. Every day, a girl would be filling 1-2 meter high vases with new flowers all over the lobby, usually lillys...very nice! TIP- If you happen to be travelling with others, ask that your rooms are in the same section ~ they have 2 elevators, one for the lower rooms, the other the upper rooms, so you could find yourselves going down to the lobby only to take the other elevator to go up to your friends' room.Vegas can be as busy or as relaxing as you want it. The pool section is located at Mandalay Bay and is HUGE! I can't imagine it filling up in the summer sun! THE Hotel has it's own cafe, very pricy, its own bar (not too bad!), and a coffee/muffin/pastry shop, so we mostly went into Mandalay where they had a miriade of restaurants to choose from. Don't like those? Take the walkway to the Luxor...more shops and restaurants!TIP - need beer/drinks? THE Hotel has a gift shop with all of these items if you can't wait; we found getting the cab driver to pull over to an off-strip mini-mart would save almost $8/18pack of beer! There is a fitness center and wireless internet, both of which you have to pay for ($20/day for fitness, $15/day for internet), a downside if you want/need either. TIP- After 11pm on off days (Sun-Wed), VIP Reps are soliciting people on the casino floor to come to their exlusive bars in the hotel at little or no cover charge! We got in to 40 duece, the House of Blues Foundation Room and Mix, all because we were in dressy clothes and it was an off night after 11pm! Overall, I would recommend THE Hotel to anyone who likes the business of Vegas, but also likes a quiet refuge between being busy! You're able to recharge as the room is dead quiet, and I rarely heard anyone in the hall. The service is premium, the concierge is knowledgable and can get any ticket you want/need. If you like luxury at a hotel room price, stay at this hotel!	
Mar 12 2009	Lovely but not worth the cost	I gave TheHotel a rating of 2/5 stars for the atmosphere, location, and value for money. First, Mandalay Bay is too far down the strip. The tram was broken the week we were there. We ended up renting a car for the last two days, so we could get around more quickly. I will stay in the Center Strip next time (probably at the Paris Hotel, which has much cheaper restaurants and light colored decor and a central location). TheHotel was lovely and elegant, but VERY dark! Even with all the lights on, the room was dim, and all of the colors were muted and depressing. The walls in the lobby were black - sleek, but dark. It was so dark in The Coffee Shop I couldn't read the labels for the milk (1% whole, half &amp; half?). The flowers in the lobby (Calla lilies) and black and white artwork simply added to this morbid effect. The Hotel was very expensive. I got a good deal on the room rate (179/129) but a $14.99/ day fee for Internet is ridiculous. It was $12 for a drink at the Beach. We ate at the Coffee Shop, to grab breakfast to go - banana, croissant, and tea cost $12, and the Beach Cafe - $40 for 2 hotdogs that were bland, french fries, and 2 drinks. All of the staff I came into contact with were gracious and welcoming. The front desk staff spoke at the speed of light. I didn't have too much trouble understanding them (being from the East Coast, I guess!) but my mother-in-law couldn't understand a word any of them said.We couldn't figure out how to change the clock in our room for daylight savings time. We unplugged it, because it was so bright, and the maids plugged it back in. They also wouldn't leave stuff like the tissue box and extra pillows, where we put them.There was no coffee/teapot in the room. The mini-bar was well-stocked and typically priced.The bathroom and amenities gorgeous, but there was no fan to clean the air or dull bathroom sounds. The walls were not very thick. People in the hall and people flushing the door toilet next door woke up up every night.The view was nice but at 3AM I could hear dumpsters and sirens, 24 stories down. There was a long wait for the elevator (only 3 of the 5 were operational.The beds were comfortable, but the linens were so starchy and scratchy I had to cover my pillow with my bathrobe.Everything was pretty clean, but our towels were getting threadbare and had black marks on them. I had to call for new ones that were also stained. It was a REALLY long walk to the pool, which is shared with Mandalay Bay. We were so looking forward to the pool! It was a primary reason for selecting TheHotel and it was a bit chilly to fully enjoy. There were no changing rooms or lockers. There was a fee for tube rentals. The music was obnoxious - not beachy, not peaceful - top 40 dance mixes. Not at all what I expected.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Hotel poor location	We stayed at THE Hotel for New Years Eve for 4 nights. There were 21 of us (guys) celebrating on a bachelor party. With that said...It would have been impossible not to have fun. Check-in was speedy and pleasant. The rooms are what make this hotel stand apart from most. The &quot;basic&quot; room is a true suite. The bedroom and living room are truly 2 separate rooms that are capable of being closed off to one another. (As opposed to the &quot;suites&quot; at Venetian) The rooms were well appointed with 2 large plasmas and one in the bathroom. The wet bar is a nice touch. Very pleased with the food at House of Blues. Was a little weary of choosing this place to eat because it might have been a tourist trap and too trendy to have really good food...but we were pleasantly surprised. We ate there 3 times! Loved the sports book. Very spacious and group friendly. Went to both Mandalay and THEHotel spas/fitness areas...while the spa was nice at THEHotel, the one at Mandalay was much nicer, larger, and luxurious. After day one, I made the 10 minute walk from THEHotel to the Spa at Mandalay for the rest of my trip. I give the hotel, service, casino, and spa the full five stars, but the location is a big downside. You are at the extreme south end of the strip. If you enjoy staying at your &quot;home hotel&quot; and using all their restaurants, shows, and ammenities...I reccommend this hotel. If you like to roam the strip and dive into different properties, this is not the place for you. Unless you are a gung-ho walker, everthing else on the strip is a long walk or a cab-ride. Great place, weak location.	
Mar 6 2009 	Rooms were pretty nice	Stayed at TheHotel for a girls weekend. The room overlooked the Strip (actually we had an airport view, which was sort of cool). Maids definitely did not vacuum the entire stay (3 nights); otherwise everything was cleaned daily. Lots of noise at night; I'm guessing the rooftop bar? We were all tired so slept thru it. Also extremely loud at the pool(s) with all of the planes and helicopters flying over constantly. All the food pretty good in the hotel. Bathrooms (1 full and 1 half) pretty nice for the 3 of us. Vending machines on the floors charge $2 for soda (pepsi) &amp; water or you can spend $3 in the stores in the hotel. No one mentions the machines so keep in mind! Overall a fun time and I would probably stay here again. At the end of the strip which is nice if you don't care about gambling.	
Feb 24 2009 	The charge you to use the gym for $20....	I stayed in this hotel for 3 days in business trip....Everyday i have to work and meeting with my clients...and one day i want to use the gym and the lady in the front told me to charge $20 for using the gym. This is my first time i have to pay to use the gym in the hotel where i am staying....this is unacceptable because you paid $300 per night and now you have to pay extra $20 for the gym?....Give me a break...i am not going to stay here again....	
Feb 23 2009 	Among the best rooms in Vegas	Spent a weekend at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, and came away with good and not so good feelings about this property.THE SUITEThe 2 room corner suite on the 38th floor was huge and very nicely furnished in muted earth tones and yes, somewhat dim lighting - but adequate for my needs. Enjoyed the 2 46 inch LCD tvs - one in living and one in bedroom. This is a true suite - not one big room that has a partition in the middle to separate sitting from bed area (i.e. Venetien/Palazzo &amp; Encore). There is a large bath with walk in shower and separate soaking tub with a separate water closet. Then, there is a 1/2 bath in the hallway near the entry door. My only complaints about the suite is that the windows were not clean and I didn't care for the gold tone of the windows - which is obvious when you view the hotel from the exterior and makes for a cloudy appearance in looking out.THE HOTELTHEhotel is attached to Mandalay Bay by a short hallway. The casino was a 1 minute walk from the elevators. Had access to all the restaurants and shops at Mandalay Bay. My real complaint about my stay was that I felt isolated from the Strip. Being on the far south end of the Strip, it wasn't easy to get to many other properties by walking. If you want to see a show at Ceasars/Bellagio area, you really need to take a cab. My other real complaint is that there was no ABC or drug store nearby that allowed guests to get food/drinks for reasonable prices. The prices within the hotel complex were outrageous (as they all are), but with Wynn/Ceasars/Bellagio, you have options nearby to pick up things and take back to the hotel. I didn't find anything nearby THEhotel. One problem may be that there is really no front entry to this property - it's within a parking garage. You can walk way over to the front of Mandalay Bay and be nearer the Strip, but that's seemed like a long way and not convenient. To give you an idea of the prices....you can choose from 4 or 5 flavors of ice cream on the room service menu - $13.75 for a pint (with taxes and fees)!!! And the wait was 45 minutes for room service delivery at 7pm on a Sunday night.SERVICEI thought the overall service was okay, but spotty. Ate several meals in The Cafe as I was staying on Amex Fine Hotels program rate which gave me 4 $20 meal vouchers to be used at that restaurant (or The Coffee Bar) at any time during their open hours - 7am to 3pm. That allowed for 2 breakfasts and 2 lunches with minimal amounts over the $20 limit for a nice meal. The food was good, but not great. Service was excellent at times and definitely not at others.SPAThe Bathhouse Spa continues the trendy feel of the THEhotel. It's smallish with standard whirlpool, saunas and showers. The service in the locker area was not that attentive. What made up for this experience was the massage. Randy was outstanding and I highly recommend him to anyone wanting a firm swedish or deep tissue massage. Overall, the Spa was fine but nothing special (except for the therapist). If you are looking for the wow factor of Qua at Ceasers or Spa at Encore, you won't find it here, but you can have a very good massage if you are more focused on the treatment than the asthetics of the spa itself.OVERALLI would stay here again, but wouldn't rush back. I prefer the more central Stip location of Wynn/Encore over this south strip location. I didn't mind the airport noise and actually enjoyed watching the planes take off and land. You get a great room and a full casino. If it were the summer months, my opinion may change with the beach/pool area at Mandalay, which I didn't use in February. The prices were great and for that alone, THEhotel was a great buy with the huge suite and amenities offered through American Express.	
Feb 12 2009 	THEhotel is just Okay	THEhotel is beautiful and hip. However, the rooms were small and needed attention to detail. I know, I know, you are thinking I am too picky because of all these great reviews THEhotel gets but if you travel allot you will understand my review!The lobby is great, bar is hip and vibe is soothing. First, the elevators are SO SLOW, the restaurant/club is on the 64th floor and everyone uses the hotel elevator to get to the restaurant and therefore we found ourselves waiting in excess of 10 minutes! Once in the room, it is nice, don't get me wrong. The decor is cool and dark. But, it is beat up! The wood is chipped, walls are marked up from people hitting their luggage, the TV in the bedroom is old school and didn't work well, the towels are thin, and the overall look feel of the room is cramped. The suites are small because they took one large room and put a wall in the center to call it a two room suite, it would have felt much better if the wall were not there and the room was more open. The bathrooms get huge raves on this site, but honestly I have had much better bathrooms at the Bellagio. THEhotel bathroom is nice, but the shower is dark, the tub does not have jetts and the water never really gets hot.Again, if you don't travel allot and normally stay at average hotels, you will love this place. But, stay at the Bellagio or Palazzo if you want a real up-scale locale. (and great bathroom)	
Feb 12 2009 	Could not get enough of it once in Vegas stay here	What a perfect hotel to relax after a 15 days exhausting trip in the states. This was the most luxurious hotel of all I have stayed during my honeymoon and in fact the cheapest one! I got the perfect price of 163 $ for advance booking of a 550DR room. What I really liked in this hotel is that it is very different from many hotels on the strip that seem to me very kitchsh and bad tasted. I could not get enough of the large swimming pools. The rooms were very clean, the restaurants and shops are very good. Transportation is perfect. If you take the monorail from the hotel you can easily go to the centre of the vegas strip.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fnatastic Trip	Booked for Mandalay Bay, but got moved to The Hotel at Mandalay Bay at check in.What to say? It's Vegas. Everything was in excess and to our delight. The room was large and the hotel was very clean. The soaps and stuff they leave in the washroom were incredibly rich. Check in was quick and prompt and there were enough clerks behind the desk to take care of the mass of people. Only small reservation was with the location which is at the end of the strip, but anyone that looks into it before going would know that. The hotel is connected to the Luxur and Excalibur with MGM and New York right across the street. It's when walking down to Bellagio, Mirage and Venetian that you need to make sure you have comfortable shoes on for.Tried the wave pool and beach area which were stellar. Not too packed and just relaxing enough. Plenty of room for everyone.	
Feb 11 2009 	Beautiful spacious room and a great resort	THEhotel is one of my favorite hotels. I spent the weekend here with my wife. The suite was phenomenal. It was comfortable and the perfect mix of sleek, modern, cool. I could have easily chilled in the room all weekend if there wasn't so much to do at the rest of the resort.	
Feb 11 2009 	After the years still going strong	I'd stayed at theHotel about a month after it first opened and a few times immediately thereafter. SInce then I hadn't been here in 4-5 years so I wasn't sure if it would've aged well, but I'm glad to report that it has except in one area.The room was exactly the same as it looked 5 years ago, which I wouldn't have guessed would be the case, but frankly it still looked to be in great shape. The only problem was that the mattress was clearly also the same one from 5 years ago as well - it sagged when I sat on it and clearly needed to be replaced.But otherwise theHotel is sharp, the clientele is perhaps too young now (because the prices have dropped to a level where the 22year olds can afford it), but I'd say it's probably the best value on the Strip right now.	
Feb 6 2009 	Short but Suite	The overall experience was fine. I immediately received service when I got out of the cab. Staff was very friendly and curteous. I ended up at THE Hotel because I had received a free upgrade from the Mandalay Bay, however I wished I could of stayed there instead. I didn't hear any noise from my neighbors or from the restaurant up above (stayed on the 22nd floor). I did notice it was a bit dirty - especially the bathroom, the comforters looked old and my pillows should have been replaced.Even though it was nice, I'll probably stay elsewhere on my next visit.	
Feb 1 2009 	bizarrely poor	With a title like &quot;The Hotel,&quot; you would think this Mandalay Bay hotel would feature great service and fundemental elegance. As your taxi brings you through the bottom of a parking garage to get to the front door you will begin to catch on to the reality. As your taxi clunks over four or five speed bumps in the parking garage on your way, you will have an ominous feeling. When you get out to find no one at the door to take your bags you will begin to have the full picture. The service at this hotel is vaccuous. Worse, the staff on my visit was rude. I waited twenty minutes in line to check in, but the desk wouldn't check me in because I arrived before their official &quot;check in time.&quot; They directed me to an empty desk around the corner where I was supposed to find a person to hold my bags for me until I could check in several hours later. I left for lunch. When I came back I had to wait in line for another 30 minutes. Then my room key failed to work, so I had to go back down and wait in line again. In the end, the room was clean and spartan in a Japanese kind of way, the bed comfortable. The spa was only open part of the night, so I couldn't book a massage (went to the incredible one at the Bellagio instead). I couldn't leave this hotel fast enough and would never go back. It's nearly the worst of everything.	
Jan 24 2009 	Love THE HOTEL!	Loved The Hotel! I stayed here on business last year and the place is gorgeous! Rooms are basically suites decorated in beautiful chocolate brown. Loved the rooms - so beautiful and clean! My only complaint about The Hotel is the entrance - why is it through a parking garage?	
Jan 24 2009 	Superb service!	This is a beautiful hotel. Furnished like a boutique hotel, only mega-size. I agree with other reviewers regarding the great bathrooms and clean, modern look. I have a point to add regarding the service, which is impeccable. Due to flight delays, we arrived at 3am, while the computer system was down for scheduled maintenance. Our suite was no longer available, so they downgraded us to a &quot;room&quot;. I thought this was an all-suite hotel, but apparently they also have &quot;rooms&quot; which are probably locked-off second bedrooms. I didn't much care for the room, as it was small and didn't even have a chair to sit on. However, they did give us a sizable credit on the room price, and were able to move us into a suite just a few hours later.After checking out, we discovered that my son had left a precious toy behind under one of the beds. We immediately called housekeeping, who dispatched an attendant from another floor to our room. She was able to locate the toy. As we were passing back through Vegas for our return flight, they held onto the toy for us to pick up a week later. They were also willing to mail the toy back to our home. Throughout all the business of arriving while the computer was down, switching rooms, and retrieving lost toys, the service was always extremely sympathetic and professional. I would return to this hotel for the great service alone!	
Jan 24 2009 	Amazing hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed in a V Suite at Thehotel and were originally booked for 5 nights but loved it so much we stayed an extra night! The bathroom was amazing - had a huge double bath, two sinks and a shower and was nearly as big as the bedroom. We were originally put in a room on the 4th floor which had ok views but we asked to move to a higher floor to have views of the strip. We were moved to the 27th floor and had perfect views of the strip. The bedroom had double aspect windows and was bright and airy. The room was cleaned daily and was immaculate. Room service was fast and reasonably priced. The restaurant/bar on the top floor, Mix, had an amazing view of the strip and is a must do. The casino was huge with a good choice of games, the buffet was excellent with lovely food and a great choice. The hotel has a shark reef aquarium within it which was brilliant. It also had a walkway which linked it to the Luxor and then to the Excalibur which made it easy to get around as we were worried before we went due to the hotel being at the end of the strip. We couldn't fault the hotel at all and would definately stay there again. The pictures on the website don't do The Hotel justice at all.	
Jan 23 2009 	Hotel was brilliant but just left a sour taste	We stayed in The Suite in The Hotel for the first week of our honneymoon. The room was fabulous, big, clean, comfotable with a huge bathroom. The accommodation was first class. the restaurant was lovely, very friendly. the only complaints were that someone had extra charges billed to our room number. i went to reception and the smallest charge was taken off but i was told the other had to be investigated and was only off the bill temporarly and may be readded later. i wanted to see the signed receipt and CCTV but none were available. It wasn't until i got really annoyed that my complaint was excalated to management. stiil took a lot of complaining to sort out. the other complaint was the pool was so busy no towels available, staff at the pool not very helpful, staff on one side of the pool told us go the other side and vice versa. only for these issues the hotel would have been one in a million.	
Jan 22 2009 	The Hotel is Great	I stayed at The Hotel from 1/13/09- 1/16/09 for a trade show at Mandalay Bay Convention Center. The rooms are all suites and are very nice. There is a big living room with a wet bar and powder room. The bedroom is also nice with a huge bathroom with TV, separate shower &amp; tub and toilet room. The suite is nicely appointed with granite counters, cool furniture, bedding and toilet accessories. It was very clean, no problems at all. It's great to have a nice room to go to after a long day in Vegas. The only negative I can think of (and it's small) is the room is a little dark, but it's no big deal! There was no wait for check in or check out.I have stayed at Bellagio, Venetian &amp; Wynn and The Hotel has as good a room as any of them. The casino/resort is another story. The Hotel is attached to Mandalay and does not have it's own casino, which is fine. But Mandalay/The Hotel is on the end of the Strip and the location is not very good for walking to other &quot;high end&quot; casinos. Because of this the casino does not get as much action and good vibe. The casino at the other high end hotels is better in my opinion. But it was a perfect location for me because I was working at the MBCC.Stripsteak at Mandalay has great food and drinks, but not cheap. For breakfast I recommend just grabbing something at the lobby cafe at The Hotel. It's quick and easy. Save your money for a nice dinner.By the way, Vegas was dead! The airport was empty, the casinos (all of them) were not busy and we got into any restaurant without a reservation. The economy is hitting Vegas hard.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great room but very loud	I was very pleased with our room at THEHotel. The previous reviews that said the bathrooms were huge are completely accurate - it was certainly roomy. Loved having two bathrooms in the suite - it made getting ready easier for me and my boyfriend. The floors of the bathroom weren't the cleanest - the same strands of hair were there the first two days, but on day 3 they were finally cleared up. I was very, very happy with the room until.......the second evening of our stay. The music coming from the hotel club (I'm assuming it was 'Mix') was so bloody loud that I could tell what songs were playing. (We were on the 15th floor.) I could also hear every word being said by the people in the room next to us - they were in the sitting area of their suite, which is next to the bedroom in our suite. I popped some sleeping pills and conked out. Next morning our friends who had a suite on the 32nd floor said they could hear the music also, so I didn't ask for a new room since it didn't seem to matter what floor you're on. If the music is loud enough to hear in the rooms, I shudder to think of how loud it is in the club. Are their ears bleeding by the end of the night?The staff was very polite and we had no complaints. Bell desk was also wonderful in helping with our lost luggage. The hotel bar had a deal on wine, so it was very crowded when we went there for a pre-dinner drink. The bartender could learn a bit more about wine, and the poor solitary server could use some help.Overall, I was happy with THEHotel and would stay here again - but will remember to bring sleeping pills and earplugs.	
Jan 18 2009 	great pool!	stayed for 4 nights during conference. hotel is beautiful with fabulous pool (finally, a chance to recommend &quot;a great pool scene&quot;). a long walk from room to conference center with too many temptations to stop and play slot machines! but overall, a great experience.	
Jan 15 2009 	Wonder Experience	This hotel is part of the Mandalay Bay/Four Seasons and has access to all of the restaurants, music and enormous pool areas. The rooms are large (725 sq ft) and the decor is modern elegant. I have stayed at The Hotel 3 times and have been extremely happy with the room, service and attitude.	
Jan 10 2009 	Top Class!	THE Hotel is top class in every respect. THE Suites are superb!We seriously considered the Venetian, The Bellagio and Mandalay Bay, all of which seem equally attractive and are similarly priced but THE Hotel proved to be a truly terrific choice, which easily exceeded our expectations!We don’t subscribe to the popular theory that a hotel is just somewhere to lay your head. It’s a fundamental factor in any good vacation, especially in Vegas where you’ll need a retreat from the heat (or cold) and the frantic action. THE Suite provided us with a welcome bolthole to escape the hustle and bustle &amp; find some Q/T in LV to enjoy our 20th wedding anniversary!Check in was instant and effortless. Our suite was enormous and extremely well equipped with a breath taking of THE Strip! Floor to ceiling windows maximise the stunning vista in both the bedroom and living area and there are massive flat screen TV’s in each, with a smaller set in the enormous, exquisite bathroom. We thoroughly enjoyed the wealth of space throughout our five-day stay!The marble wet bar in the living room was an excellent embellishment as it enabled us to concoct our own cocktails and night caps which radically reduced our bar bill. Drinks are expensive in LV. Prices up-scale establishments can border on outrageous so BYO if you can! THE Store in the lobby sells a wide range of beer, wine and spirits more reasonably priced than the in room mini bar and there’s also a coupla liquor stores opposite the Mandalay Bay but their prices are not that much less so it’s not really worth the trek unless your buying plenty! The bedroom was spacious and stylish with ample storage that comprises two dressers, an elegant TV bureau incorporating the complimentary in room safe flanked by two wardrobes with interior lights, all of which boast mirror panelled doors which elegantly enhance the room’s ambiance! The bed was divine! Well dressed with plenty of pillows – difficult to get out of!THE bathroom was the un-disputed star of the show – double marble vanity, deep roman tub, separate glass enclosed shower, snug robes and as previously mentioned, a wall mounted flat screen TV! Entirely enjoyable! THE Hotel is attached to but very distinct from the Mandalay Bay. It is distinguished by it’s sleek black marble décor, it’s cool chic, yet laid back atmosphere and even it’s very definite vanilla aroma, all of which become immediately apparent the moment you cross it’s threshold via a short walk way from the MB Casino. The hotels location is not as remote as some suggest because the Strip itself is not as disperse as you might think. The MB, Luxor, Excalibur, NYNY and the Monte Carlo are all adjacent to one another and the MC is pretty much centre strip, opposite the MGM. It’s and easy walk. The tram takes 10 minutes and they run constantly. Taxis to centre strip cost $10. To the north strip costs $20 and they’ll give you the option to take the fast route via the parallel freeway avoiding the terrible traffic.We gorged at the buffet twice, once for dinner, once for brunch. Both meals were excellent and reasonably priced, $16 and $26 respectively but it’s not worth the extra few bucks for the “Champagne Brunch” as the only addition is a couple of glasses of cava. We also had room service twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner. Service was prompt and attentive. The food was good and the price was nice!We didn’t try the Spa and the pool was closed for winter so we can’t comment except to say that they looked great. We enjoyed the MB casino which seem quieter than most. The slots were quite loose and we won on the video roulette, which is my personal favourite. We also spent an evening in the House of Blues Foundation Room at the top of MB, which boasts a splendid strip view.Every staff member we encountered was friendly and efficient. Housekeeping was brilliant and we tipped them handsomely. When we queried a $62 mini bar charge they removed it instantly without asking for any explanation. (We had removed a couple of bottles to chill our own stuff and forgot to replace them until the following evening). We had a truly terrific time at THE Hotel so we’d highly recommend it and we’d most definitely return, perhaps when the weather is warmer and the out pool/beach complex is open.VIVA LAS VEGAS! MP1	
Jan 9 2009 	Truly amazing experience	Having not been to Vegas since I was barely old enough to remember, I decided it was time to return. My girlfriend in tow, who had never been, I wanted to make this truly a great experience all around. I'm one of those people who typically scours sites like TripAdvisor relentlessly, looking for the perfect place. However, there does come a point where you have to realize there is no hotel out there that has a perfect track record of not getting you robbed, treated poorly, financially betrayed or otherwise. Despite numerous reviews on THEHotel that described those things, I took the plunge and booked on Travelocity. $130 a night for three nights, with a $75 discount on the third night for booking with a mastercard. At the time of booking, I felt pretty good considering that a steal. I was not wrong.Cab fare to and from THEHotel/the airport was $15 and about ten minutes of travel time. You enter from an underground parking facility that may seem cold, but is a forgettable prelude to the experience of actually walking into the lobby. The main entryway is dynamic, and sets the tone for the rest of the hotel. As previous reviews describe, this is not a casino hotel. This is a seperate experience. Very, very quiet, subdued, modern, and service oriented. There are hotel employees all around waiting to assist you. I checked in at 3:45pm with no wait. I politely asked the desk attendant for a room on a high floor if possible. He said he had something for me. On arrival to the room, I realized he did indeed. On the 31st floor, with floor to celing windows featuring a panoramic view of the southern end of the Las Vegas strip, predominately featuring Luxor with the City Center construction and Excalibur in the distance and MGM Grand to the right. I was admittedly bewildered that I got this good of a view for the travelocity theft-price that I paid.The rooms are pretty spectacular. The pictures on here give you an excellent indicator of the size, design and quality of the rooms. The only complaints I could come up with were some odd volume control issues with the main TV, and an IPOD clock that would not show the correct time. Also, unfortunately, THEHotel suffers from a very bad case of thin wall syndrome. You will be able to hear, word for word, what's going on in your neighbor's lives, unfortunately. Other that those issues, absolutely no problems. Incredibly comfortable beds, amazing bathrooms (yes, plural), great sofa.Location wise, previous reviewers are quick to point out that THEhotel is somewhat painfully located on the extreme south end of the strip. The free tram from Mandalay to Excalibur makes arrival at the tropicana intersection quick and painless, but anything north of that is admittedly a bit of a trek (about 15 minutes up to Bellagio). In retrospect, I probably would of paid to get a Monorail pass so I could board at MGM and move up the strip quicker, but it could of been worse.Mandalay, as a resort property all together, is very nice. I can't comment on the dining, as we admittedly ate at several other casinos and restaurants instead during our trip, but we did splurge on room service for breakfast our first morning. The food was good, and the service prompt and friendly. In regards to in-room internet, I have the standard complaint that if Motel 6 can provide free wi-fi in this day in age, THEHotel at Mandalay Bay can provide free wi-fi. Alas, it's $13.99 a day.On checkout, I noticed I had two problems with my bill. A minibar charge without merit, and an internet access charge for one day that went on a seperate credit card when I bought it, and shouldn't of been billed to the room. When I brought both of these issues up at checkout, both charges were immediately removed without any question or hesitation whatsoever.The baggage staff efficiently and safely stored our bags for a few hours as our plane wasn't leaving until later that evening. As we left, we were genuinely welcomed to return soon by the baggage staff.I'm typically a traveler of variety, and rarely like to stay at the same property more than once. Las Vegas is certainly a destination that offers some of the most variety available anywhere in the world in terms of accomodations.That being said, i'll be returning to THEHotel later this year for a longer stay. My highest reccomendations.	
Jan 9 2009 	Ideal for non gamblers	Few problems as we booked in on new years eve but was soon sorted out rooms were all suites we requested strip view via telephone call direct to hotel hence the check in problems ,no matter the calm after the madness of the strip was great to return to and we did not hear aircraft noise enough to keep us awake although very near the airport but the whole of vegas is really ,walked a lot as the traffic very heavy while we were there,yes enjoyed a good choice of hotel .	
Jan 8 2009 	Chicvery modern! But not a good view from room if ADA..	I am very late to write this review but better late than never! Background, we are a couple in our mid to late 20's and have enjoyed traveling extensively mostly for pleasure. We prefer exclusive hotels mainly because they are more efficient to accommodate to ADA regulations as my fiancée is in a manual wheelchair. My fiancée and I stayed at &quot;the hotel&quot; for a friends wedding the last week of March 2008. Our stay totaled 5 days and we were very satisfied with &quot;the hotel&quot;. Check in was relatively efficient and although I can't recall our room number (sorry) but my fiancée is in a chair and we were please to hear that they have plenty of handicap accessible rooms. Unfortunately, they first gave us a room with only a plastic bathtub (it looked like the bath fitters ugly plastic tubs) so we went downstairs to ask for a room with a roll in shower and a bathtub..seems they have either or for the ADA rooms!? Yeah I know, and this is supposed to be a top-notch place..well we opted for the room with only the shower and wow what a world of difference. The roll in shower was great with a pull down chair, large and marble tiles throughout the entire bathroom. A wheelchair bound individual would have no problem getting around the room as it is spacious and well laid out. The decor in our room was terrific, very modern and bed was comfortable (and we are self proclaimed bed snobs). The room a king sized bed, two generously sized closets, full ADA bathroom and a separate living area with a view. Nice touch with 3 flat screens in the room, one in the bathroom by the sink area (very cool, we don't even have that in our house!), one hidden in the closet area and the other in the living area. Good thing the living area could be separated from the bedroom as my fiancée could watch TV to his hearts delight without waking me from my slumber. Unfortunately our room was a &quot;mountain view”. Which meant we had a glimpse of the mountains and an ugly view of the rooftop of part of the hotel and lovely Vegas traffic..but the room was very nicely furnished and we were not in the room long enough for it to be a real problem.Food:We ate breakfast at the restaurant in &quot;the hotel&quot; and it was very good, try the mango juice..fiancee swears by it! Other than that we ate within Mandalay Bay and around the strip. Please try the mojito's and BBQ Pizza at Rum Jungle..best I have ever had. We also went to the gourmet burger place inside the Mandalay Bay Mall and it was good, not amazing..The prices were very high but expected and there was also a very long wait (over an hour and a half). We saw some people get seated before us even when we saw them come up to the hostess stand and ask for a table, this situation was not handled appropriately as the hostess seemed at most like college students and very amateur at correct costumer service policies. Can't win them all!Pools: I was expected to be wowed by the amazing pools, the beach was ok but cluttered with college kids during what I assume is their spring break, and the rest of the pools were crowded. If in a chair and staying at &quot;the hotel&quot; expect a journey to get to the pool area you have to go thru the valet parking at &quot;the hotel&quot; to get to the &quot;Mandalay Bay&quot; casino to later take an elevator down to the pool area. We used the lazy river once, was fun but chose to go the the area away from the beach near the private cabanas, it had less children and college kids and was overall just more relaxing feel. If you really want to get away from the crowds, you can opt for the adult’s only pool on the rooftop but it was $40 a person and I didn't feel like seeing body parts so we stayed in a quiet area instead.Side Note:We went down the strip and asked to look at every room in the 5 star hotels because we for future reference we need to see what works for my fiancée. We were not at all impressed with the Junior Suite at the Bellagio as it was dated (had a step down living area) but we agreed that the only room worth the price were the rooms at the Wynn..wow!Overall &quot;the hotel&quot; was great, no major complaints. Food is expensive but expected since you are in Vegas, but you get what you pay for. You will get tired of the slogan &quot;the hotel&quot;..like &quot;the restaurant at the hotel&quot;..or &quot;the bar at the hotel&quot;..or the &quot;lounge at the hotel&quot;.. &quot;the store at the hotel&quot;..&quot;the bathroom at the hotel&quot;..well you get the idea..it does get annoying after a while but nice hotel. We will try the Wynn next time we are in town.	
Jan 7 2009 	We love The Hotel in Las Vegas	We have stayed at The Hotel twice over the past 4 years, most recently over the Christmas break. I love this hotel for the location because it is more peaceful to me at the end or beginning of each day not to have to walk through the casino maze. The decor is peaceful and I love the fresh white flowers in the black vases throuhout. If you want the casino it is one hall away at Mandalay Bay. The rooms are fantastic and we love the suite set up with TVs in both rooms. Our son hangs out in the LR and we hang out in the BR. (Not that much course - it's Las Vegas after all.) I love the decor of the hotel and the valets are really super there. We never ate at the hotel itself, but did enjoy two restaurants at Mandalay Bay.	
Jan 6 2009 	Fabulous Vegas Hotel	Fabulous Hotel with terrific rates - lots of Bang for the Buck! I have high standards - we stayed here with our 2 small children (which adds to the equation) and couldn't have asked for more. The atmosphere is sophisticated and contemporary. The rooms are absolutely lovely, well appointed and roomy - terrific bathroom with LOTS of amenities. Do ask for a suite with one of the larger bathrooms. ALL of the staff is &quot;over the top&quot; friendly and helpful. We had a couple of insignificant issues with our room, but they were taken care of immediately - at our convenience, not theirs - no questions asked. We loved that our hotel felt like an upscale spa in another city, but was steps away (literally) &amp; attached to Mandalay Bay. All the glam &amp; fun of a high end casino without the drawbacks. Trams took us right to other casinos, if we needed to venture out. The beds are extremely comfortable and the views awesome! The review that ragged on the convenient valet entrance neglected to mention the dramatic entrance once you stepped out of your vehicle through the entrance - soaring ceilings, Chihuly chandelier and gorgeous flower arrangements.This is definitely a property for those with discerning taste. If you are looking for cheesy Vegas - hit Circus Circus.	
Jan 6 2009 	Shouldn't have listened to those friends...	I had really great hopes for THEHotel, arriving on Boxing Day (December 26), 2008. Two friends had independently told me how cool this place was, and how much I would enjoy the cosmopolitan feel of the rooms. So I thought I would give it a try. Indeed, I was really looking forward to the 4 nights there!On arrival, there were only 2 people at the reception desk, and there was a lineup. We had booked THESuite through the hotel website, and had bought the Exotic Escapes package that included a $300 coupon for Mandalay Place, half-price tickets for Mamma Mia and some return airfare voucher. If you buy this package, know that the $300 DOES NOT cover spa treatments (I foolishly did not read the fine print...). Second, the spa had been advertising a deal in the elevators whereby if you came in for 2 spa treatments on the same day, the second, lesser-priced treatment was half-priced (at check-out, the front-desk person told me that that wasn't part of the package...). Turns out that the half-price deal on Mamma Mia tickets ended December 21 (we arrived December 26) and I never saw anything about any return airfare voucher. The suite was nicely furnished although there was no chair for the desk (you probably shouldn't be working anyways...), and a sconce was &quot;out&quot; in the bathroom. During our time there, a desk chair never appeared and the bulb for the sconce was not replaced. The two little square coffee tables in the living area had looked as if they had seen better days and oddly, there was no coffeemaker in the room. As others have said, the location of THEHotel is awful. If THEHotel had anything to offer that was unique and could not be found at the Venetian or the Bellagio, then maybe I would reconsider... But all that I want when I go to Vegas (proximity to good restaurants, proximity to shopping, proximity to show venues) can all be had at the Venetian or the Bellagio. And the the staff at those properties are more plentiful, nicer and more helpful. I should have followed my instinct and stayed at the Venetian or the Bellagio. They are far better properties, and their locations are much more conducive to getting out and about.	
Jan 5 2009 	Robbed in TheHotel	We left or room at 10 am and returned a little after noon on our second day for breakfast downstairs to find our DVD player stolen. The connected XBOX 360 and our video camera and cell phones were not taken. They did not even take the power cord or AV cords for the player, but simply unplugged them. I believe the thief thought it was a notebook computer as it was thin and hence could be placed inside a jacket and easily hidden. Hotel security took our data and when asked how the thief had gained access to a locked room, he stated that perhaps the door didn't lock and a &quot;door pusher&quot; came along during that time and stole our item. When we spoke with the manager immediately after the event, she seemed indifferent. (We did file a report with the local police department as we wanted to be sure this would be on record somewhere.) The hotel, of course, is not responsible and thus has zero incentive to find out what actually happened. We were told by hotel security that no hotel employee had accessed our room while we were gone. I personally tested the door a dozen times or so, once as we left with the security guard. It locked everytime. I teach physics at a local college and find it difficult to believe that this expensive system happened not to function this one time. My best guess involves the floor manager, who rang our doorbell about 9:30 to ask if we needed room service. While I was talking to him I believe he placed some tape over the lock on the door frame so it would close but not lock. My son stated that he seemed quite interested in what he was doing on the desk as I was talking with him. I just wanted him to leave so we could get ready to go down for breakfast at Starbucks. Then, when we were gone he could enter our room, take any interesting items, remove the tape and clean if needed, all without any record of the room having been entered. This is the only possiblity I can think of as I am sure the door had &quot;locked&quot;. The hotel informs me that it is our responsibililty to keep all valuables in the room safe. Noted, but it is a pain quite honestly and we figured it should be safe in the locked room with limited (and recorded) access. We have used this DVD player and XBOX like this for the past 5.5 years in Cancun, India, and all over the U.S. including Orlando and have never had a problem. Guess we have been lucky and we learned a hard lesson. Perhaps this may help you avoid a similar situation. In sum, I must say that I believe the Hotel system has it sweet right now. They have no responsiblity whatsoever unless you leave the items with them at the front desk, if you care to do that. This certainly made the cost of our stay a lot more expensive and with bad experience, we will not stay here again.	
Jan 4 2009 	The Perfect Choice	I am picky when it comes to hotel rooms, but this hotel is fantastic. Our room was just one of their regular suites, but the furnishings, bathroom, view etc. were excellent. I did not have a problem with anything in the hotel. It was so peaceful and calm and totally high class. The restaurant was not overpriced either. Eggs Benedict was $12.95 and who could fault that? There were great restaurants a short stroll from our room. We did a tasting menu at Fleur de Lys which was the best meal I have exprienced. Just beware the wine paring will pour you out of the place. The House of Blues restarurant was exceptional for breakfast. We got around mainly by taking the free tram from the hotel to the Excalibur and then transferring onto the tram that goes along the strip (you have to go thru the MGM Grande to get to it). We finally figured out that if the traffic was light it was much more expedient to take a taxi to get around. It takes way to long to walk thru every casino on the tram stop just to get across the street.If you get a chance rent a car and drive out to the Valley of Fire.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great hotel but with a few drawbacks	Just got back from Vegas, where we stayed at THEhotel for 5 nights. It's a beautiful hotel and the suites are absolutely lovely. We also had a great view from our room.The pros:Staff were friendly and polite and the service was good. Note that if you're a VIP guest, you may be able to get a late checkout for free. It's also extremely easy to get to the Luxor and the Excalibur from THEhotel as they're all connected. The Player's card is under the MGM brand, which means you can gamble at a number of different casinos and still collect points for it.Things to consider (I wouldn't really call them 'cons'):One thing to bear in mind when staying at this hotel -- it's located right at the south end of the strip, so getting to other hotels near the north end of the strip can be a bit of a pain if you're planning to take the bus. Vegas traffic (and the fact that the bus stops at almost every hotel along the strip) means that it can take maybe about 45 minutes to get from THEhotel to the Stratosphere or Circus Circus. If you're planning to cab though, then it won't be much of an issue -- the cab ride will be quick since you don't make stops in between. You could also ask the cabs to go by the back roads instead of going down the strip, which will speed up your trip a lot since you won't have to deal with strip traffic.Also, because of its location, THEhotel is a bit quieter than the hotels located in the middle of the strip, which may be either a good or bad thing, depending on the kind of experience you're looking for. We didn't find the food around THEhotel great. We tried the breakfast buffet at Mandalay Bay, which was pretty disappointing. Also ate at Mix, which is on the top floor of THEhotel -- were rather underwhelmed by that too. Didn't try the other restaurants though (and there are a lot of them at Mandalay Bay), so no comments about them. In any case, it's easy enough to get to the other hotels by bus / cab, or even to walk over to the Luxor (we tried the dinner buffet there, which was not bad).Overall though, our stay at THEhotel was a great experience -- definitely worth staying there if you bear in mind the few points I mentioned above.	
Jan 1 2009 	The Best Ever	This was the cleanest, friendliest, most accomodating, very attractive hotel and great for the price. Each room is a suite. and its connected to the Mandalay Bay resort and casino. but its on its own with service and I loved this place. Only thing i didnt like was the pool was so crowded, but thats not their fault..loved it would stay again.	
Dec 31 2008 	Enjoyed stay at TheHotel	Stayed at TheHotel during Christmas visit and enjoyed it. The rooms are nice and mine was clean. Housekeeping staff were very nice and assisted whenever we needed them to. Did notice during check in that the lines were long and not many staff working during check in. Not sure why. Other than that the customer service issues that some of the other individuals have mentioned did not happen to me. For me it was a good stay, nothing really super great nor bad to say. Would stay at this property again in the future.	
Dec 31 2008 	Had a Blast in Vegas	Had a great room overlook the stip in the middle of the hotel section towards the top. If you want a stunning view of the strip, pay the extra bucks for a view room, high floor. TOTALLY worth it.Nice, standard hotel rooms, clean and comfortable. Nothing bad to state. Would stay here again. Loved being at the end of the strip. Walked its entirety more than once.There is an aquarium theme to the place, and in fact there is a very cool aquatic marine center in the facility. Amazed at the large tank room. Its like you are in a bubble on the bottom of the ocean.	
Dec 30 2008	Great Stay at THEhotel Mandalay Bay	I took my family to Las Vegas over Thanksgiving. We had a great stay at THEhotel. The fact that it is a bit away from the casino is a positive. You are in a perfectly calm environment; in fact you could hear a pin drop at night. The suite was very large and very nicely maintained. We had the Winter Wonders package (stay two nights get one free). I think the rate worked out to about $120.00/night over three nights. True, this is not the Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons in terms of service. However, we noted a few problems with the room (lights not working, for example) which were quickly remedied. The bathrooms were enormous. Extra towels were swiftly delivered; the toiletries were above average. The only request which was not honored, curiously enough, was a request for a second luggage rack (go figure). We stayed on the 34th floor and had a nice view of the strip (though THEhotel is set back from Las Vegas Boulevard, so the view was probably better from Mandalay Bay). We had a two for one coupon for breakfast at House of Blues which was good, but were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the cafe in THEhotel. The gym was nice, but the dressing room suffered a bit from neglect (no soap in the dispenser). No attendant, so I was not charged for my workouts. The location is south strip, but we took the tram and had no problems (we also had a rental car). Burger Bar in the nearby mall was a hit, and relatively inexpensive. I consider myself and my family pretty picky, and we would definitely consider staying here again.	
Dec 27 2008 	Great Room for Great Price but the worst customer service to date.	The Hotel is a very nice hotel, but I get the impression they have cut back on a lot of staff in order to save money. We arrived a couple days after the snow storm. We waited 20 minutes to check-in at 11pm at night, while 2 agents handled the 2 parties in front of us. When we got to the counter, we had to be transferred to Mandalay Bay because the power had been out in the hotel and the room “had issues”. However, we received a $150 food credit on our room for the inconvience. Most guests were receiving a refund for the room night, but because we purchased through a tour operator they could not refund us directly. We were fine with this offer, which worked out to $50 per person staying in the room. The front desk agent noted we could use the credit at any of their properties and named all hotels under their ownership. They then offered to call us the next morning and have us transferred back to TheHotel where the front desk agent further noted the rooms were much nicer. He was very friendly and apologized for the inconvenience. By noon the next day we had not heard from TheHotel so called down to the Mandalay Bay to check on the situation and have a bellman move our bags back to the other property. They noted a room was available and would send the bellman up in 5 minutes. 20 minutes later there was no sign if anyone so we hauled our bags back over to The Hotel and re checked in ourselves. The rooms are very nice and the bathrooms are amazing. We were out of the hotel until 11pm and upon our return a message was waiting for us to call the front desk. The agent advised us we would have to move from floor 24 to 23 due to work being done as a result of the storm and they would be required to turn off the hot water. The agent advised a bellman would be sent up in 5 minutes. 20 minutes later I called back down and spoke to the same agent (with a very distinctive voice) but she did not recall our conversation, but would send someone right up as we just wanted to go to bed. As she was advising me of this, two strangers entered our room. Since they had checked us out of our room to move, in the mean time they had re checked in a new couple to our room and issued them keys. Odd since we were told we had to move due to no hot water and loud construction. All I can say is I am glad we were dressed. The poor couple was very embarrassed and we asked for another $150 credit for this mix-up and inconvenience which was immediately granted. The bellman showed up minutes later and all he could say was “oops”. No apology, just bad jokes. He kept looking in our shopping bags and asking us about our purchases all the way to the new room. We were fairly frustrated at this point and did not tip the bellman for the move. He made it very clear he was not happy about this and mumbled “crap this” under his breath as he left the room. The new room was exactly the same as the last, but no longer had the strip view. On the 4th day of our stay we asked for a late checkout which was granted and left the room at 1230 to checkout. We wanted to use the remaining credit for lunch, but was told we had to use it before we checked out and vouchers were not an option. We had to be out of the room by 1pm, so we decided to go over to the buffet and bill lunch to the room and then call back over to checkout. The front desk printed a copy of our bill which noted our Bellagio buffet purchase would not be covered as he insisted the credit could only be used at the Mandalay Bay restaurants. As this was not what we were told upon receiving the credit we insisted it be covered. After the agent spent 10 minutes speaking with his manager, he returned agreeing to pay the cost with our credit, plus a whole new, not so friendly attitude towards us.	
Dec 23 2008 	Perfect hideaway on Halloween weekend	We chose THEhotel as our home base for our first trip to Las Vegas, on Halloween weekend. We had a great time and would definitely stay here again.WHAT WE LIKED:Decor (both in lobby/common areas and suite), background music, the hotel's aromatherapy scent (we usually hate fragrances applied on a room- or building-wide level but found this to be lovely and soothing), view from our suite (best on floors 30+), our bathroom (giant soaking tub for 2), the beach/pools, the variety of restaurants in the complex, and the relative quietness of the property compared to other hotel/casino complexes.WHAT WE WEREN'T CRAZY ABOUT:Holy Crap! The prices at MIX were ridiculous. We thought for those prices it should have been one of the best meals of our lives, but it wasn't. The service was top-notch, the decor and view were spectacular, and the food was excellent - but not stellar, if you're a reasonably well traveled fan of food. Also, I'm pretty sure my second cocktail was completely devoid of vodka, which at $18 each (heck, at any price), it should not be. BE AWARE:As many reviews have noted, THEhotel is at the far south end of the Strip. If you need to get to the far north end of the Strip during rush hour or on the weekend, give yourself ample time for the Deuce, a taxi, or the monorail. If you plan on spending a lot of time at other casinos, you may want to choose a hotel more centrally located. But if you want to get away from it all, THEhotel is a great choice!	
Dec 20 2008 	Conserve Electricity but no power all day is ridiculous!	I booked a one bedroom suite at THEhotel for business ,asked for a high floor but &quot;none above the 5th floor was available.&quot; Mind you, that was hard to believe but OK... The hotel and casino looked fairly empty. The checkin staff was not overtly rude nor above par. Average.Upon entering the &quot;updated suite&quot;, it was clear the carpet in the main room had not been vaccuumed. A piece of pizza crust in the corner off the tiled entry door. There were some debris of sorts fronting the couch. Particles of hair remained on the bathroom floor. This was not intolerable to me as my wife was not traveling with me. Maid service arrived at about noon and took care of the issue.I heard it snowed the day prior. This may or may not have triggered the subtle flickering of lights in my room as I took care of business on the internet. The next day, this on and off flickering continued till about 10 am. Then the electricity completely went out. No employee I encountered knew why. I left the hotel for the day to attend business appointments. Never mind that some of my work on my laptop was lost due to the sudden outage. I'm sure THEhotel did not induce this power failure to test my patience. I returned about 5:00 pm. The power outage had not been corrected. They were telling everyone, &quot;It would not be resolved tonight.&quot; Employees were kind enough to give out glow sticks that proved futile if you needed to pack things in the dark. Everyone booked at THEhotel were being re-booked to the Mandalay. The front desk informed me I had a regular deluxe room. Never mind I am paying good fare for a suite. After explaining this to the front desk, she tells me she'll give me the regular room for a discount of $99. Really???!!! I was also charged $13.99 for internet access per day which she agreed to remove the charge for that day. Thank you very much. If this is the manner that THEhotel takes care of their guests, I will go elsewhere. And I did. The Bellagio took me in.That night, I decided to play and check other casinos. Only THEhotel was experiencing this power outage. Sadly, if they'd not given the impression they cared only about taking your money, I'd have gladly given them my business as well as booking employees for future stays. Not now.This was my first stay at THEhotel thinking it would be a nice change of pace. That, it surely was. It has not proven to be anything substantially above average. I'd like to stress that no one at THEhotel was overtly rude. It's just not anything to sing about. The Bellagio, Venitian, Palazzo or the Wynn are still the places to look towards if you are aiming for a certain caliber of class. The Signature and Four Seasons are other venues if you are looking for a non-gaming place to stay. Good luck.	
Dec 19 2008	The Hotel Was The Best	Just got backed from The Hotel and don't have much to complain about. The weather was not what we had expected when we booked it, rain was in the forcast for most of the week. one day it did rain, but on wednesday it snowed all day and my girlfriend was so happy, glad we had views of the surounding mountains becasue they were coverd in white.  The Good: - living room; roomie, 1/2 bathroom, plasma tv, dvd player, desk to work at, internet connection (for a fee), and a very comfortable couch! - Bed room; roomie too, decent sized tv, plenty of room to put you belongings, in room safe, and an ihome.  - Master bathroom glass walk in shower, tub that fits 2, dual sinks, 15&quot; tv , and if you forget to bring something they provide toothbrush and tooth paste, mouth wash (don't recommend on using it bad after taste), shaving kit, and the norm; soap, shampoo, conditioner, bath salts, lotion.  - Check in/out was in line combined not longer then 5 minutes.  - A short walk, maybe 2 minutes to the casino at the Mandalay Bay. - They have a little mini mart, coffee shop, lounge, cafe downstairs, and MIX is at the top. The bad: honestly only think i can complain about is the bed, its not the best, but surly i've stayed in my share for hotel rooms and its not the worst.Over all would highly recommend this hotel, all the staff was great and helpful, housekeeping kept the room looking great, and room service was quick and efficient. It was what i was expecting!!!!	
Dec 18 2008 	Thoroughly Enjoyed The Hotel at Mandalay Bay	This hotel is so nice and very posh! I stayed in the standard room with my wife and 8 year old son and 5 year old daughter. The room is over 700 square feet which is huge for a hotel room! The room is very well decorated and has a door you can close to separate the bedroom from the living room area. There are flat screen TVs in the living room and bedroom and a small tv in the bathroom. The bathroom also has a jacuzzi tub, glass enclosed shower, and dual sinks.There are several dining options at the hotel and you can use all the amenities at the Mandalay Bay as well. We spent most of our time at the hotel beach. We rented a beach cabana which has two couches, chairs, and a small table. There is food and beverage service in the cabana and mist dispensers to keep you cool in the 110 degree vegas heat. There is a wave pool that has waves as tall as 2 feet and also a lazy river where you can float in an intertube and sip on a drink. What a great resort!	
Dec 15 2008 	Big disappointment	The hotel physically is nice enough, although it has the most unattractive entrance I have ever seen (through a parking garage). My main complaint was the treatment we received after our room was burlarized. Security could not have shown less interest in either the robbery or our safety. Plus, the hotel had entered our room to deliver flowers in the afternoon while the Do Not Disturb light was turned on. There are serious security issues at this hotel.	
Dec 8 2008	still chic and brilliant	have stayed before and this time took 5 others with me from the u.k. nothing has changed, from the moment we arrived we were treated like kings.the staff could not do enough for us, all 3 suites were in fine order.the prices are reasonable in the mini bar and i used a points card in the machines in the casino and had the whole room charge wiped off!! what more could you ask for. id highly reccomend this place. it is for adults and chic people especially upstairs in the mix club. (fortunatly vegas is at last getting away from the &quot;disney theme&quot;and reinventing itself as a place for adults like it always was.(no screaming brats).id reccomend this place for couples and singles too and itsa great place to party. cant wait till march when im back again! well done THE HOTEL.	
Dec 8 2008 	Won't return	I stayed here with friends/colleagues for a medical conference this past weekend. I visit Vegas 3-4 times per year on average, and I usually now stay at the Palazzo. But I stayed here because it was the site of the conference I was attending. First the good: the room was fairly newly renovated, nice decor, good size, good bathroom. It was clean with the exception of a conspicuous red stain on the carpet. Now the problems. Upon arrival, I was given a room initially that was half-cleaned and serviced. The beds appeared made, but there was garbage as well as used towels scattered in the room and bathroom. That was a first for me. Contacted the front desk, and I had to go down, stand in line, and have them re-check me into a different room. A true luxury hotel, which this is not, would have sent someone to move me to a new room to avoid the trek back to the front desk and subsequent second wait. They did give me a $100 food and bev credit for my trouble, which was a good touch. The new room I was moved to was fine. The bed was a little soft for my tastes, but the big problem was the worst pillows ever in a hotel bed. Really soft, flat down pillows. Two of them stacked did not help. Two others at the conference with me agreed that this was the case in their rooms as well. After one sleepless night, I called to request a firmer foam pillow. It took multiple calls and a one hour wait until someone delivered one to me. Fireworks testing and subsequently the real deal starting at 5:40 am one morning right in front of the hotel for the LV marathon was a little inconsiderate. I don't expect the highest level of accomodations or service in Vegas, due to the nature of the Vegas tourism business, but there are some standards, and in the four star category, I would rate Mandalay the lowest I've encountered. The Palazzo and the Venetian are approximately the same price or just a little more, and both are far superior to this. Bellagio and Wynn are of course superior to this hotel, but more expensive. In the same price range or less than Mandalay, but better than Mandalay are Caesar's, Mirage, Treasure Island.	
Dec 4 2008 	We love TheHotel!	We recently stayed three nights at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay and loved it. We live in Phoenix and travel to Vegas a few times each year. This was our third stay at TheHotel and I have to say it remains my favorite up-scale accomodation in Vegas. It's very sleek , modern, and private. I like the fact that it is non-gaming. However the Mandalay Bay casino is just a few steps from the lobby so it's there if/when you want it. We were upgraded to a corner &quot;V&quot; suite on the 29th floor and had floor to ceiling views of the Strip from our dreamy bed. Very cool. Service was excellent and our suite was clean and ready when we checked in around 3:00 ish.The BathHouse (spa) is to die for. Very modern and minimal decor. LOVE IT! We ate at MIX on the top floor, also our third dining experience there. Food and service were excellent. It's an absolute beautiful restaurant. The bar is great as well. Both very pricy so come prepared to pay for the great experience. Dinner generally sets us back $250+... We have seen most of the Cirque shows in Vegas (all excellent) and this time decided to check out a &quot;girlie show&quot;. Went to see Crazy Girls at the old Rivera. What a dump! The show was terrible - could not wait until it was over. Don't bother. However, do bother to consider Crazy Horse at the MGM Grand. Very wonderful and well done. Very Moulin Rouge... Classy.Have fun!	
Dec 1 2008 	Hooked on Mandalay Bay	My husband and I stayed at the Mandalay Bay at the end of May 2008. I snagged a very reasonable rate on the hotel website for a Monday (Memorial Day) through mid week stay. Upon arrival, the check in line was outrageously long; however, the decor and upkeep of the hotel definitely outweighed the minor inconvenience of very long check-in lines. We were extremely pleased with our room. It looked pretty much like the preview pictures on the hotel website. The fake beach and pools are just excellent!! Get there early to snag good spots by the beach or pools. We thought the dining options and casino are great, too. It was a short walk to the Luxor and Excalibur for other nearby options. While this hotel is at the end of Las Vegas blvd, that really did not detract from our stay. There are plenty of options for getting to the other hotels on the boulevard such as the tram, the monorail, or renting a car. Staying at this hotel was well worth being at the end of the Blvd. We would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there again on our next trip. It's a class act.	
Nov 30 2008 	Loved the modern interior	Had a 4 night stay at The Hotel with my niece and her boyfriend. We both booked V suites and asked for as high a floor as possible. Upon checking in, we were offered floor 17: one with strip view and one with pool view. We did ask if we waited longer, if any higher floors would become available and even asked about the H suite and what cost for upgrading. Unfortunately, there were none available so we stayed put. As it was a V suite, they were at the end of the corridor, either side of the express Mix lift which when looking out the windows at night, gave us quite a scare when it zipped past quickly. The rooms were very spacious, with plenty of room to spread out. The bathroom was also roomy with many toiletries supplied (although don't try the dental elixir it's awful). Lying in bed, we could see the whole of Mandalay Bay and watch the planes taking off. My niece (who had the strip view) found it difficult seeing past the Luxor as floor 17 appeared to be smack bang in the middle of that building so obviously difficult to see around. The only downfall of the room was the lack of hanging space. Due to the safe being on top of the drawers in the closet, it meant only extremely short clothes could be hung up on the one side. On the other side where longer clothes could be hung, the ironing board took up most of the space. If any more than two people were staying in the suite for a long time, this could really be an issue of cramming stuff into the closet or not fully unpacking. We didn't receive bathrobes as promised for our stay on arrival, but after leave a tip for the made and leaving a note, these arrived, along with thong type slippers which we found very useful. The beds were very comfortable and we slept well with no disturbances from other guests. We never had any problems with cleaning and the maid service was fine. We never had turn down at this hotel but it maybe that this hotel just doesn't do it unlike the Bellagio and Venezia tower. As my niece had not been to Vegas before, we walked a lot along the strip and found the tram direct to Excalibur an absolute must. It really helps when you're this far up the strip. Overall, a great stay, we absolutely loved the tranquility of The Hotel against the hustle and bustle of Mandalay Bay. It was very quiet on the run up to Thanksgiving but on Thanksgiving day, we noticed how much busier everything became and were very glad to be leaving. Definitely a recommended hotel, but if you wants views, floors 25 upwards would be recommended.	
Nov 27 2008 	Great but Far	The Hotel at Mandalay Bay was nice with one bedroom suites and great views of the airport and strip. The shower was superb and what a giant tub, too bad I don't use the tub offten. The big closets were great for hanging up my suits and shirts. I like the Hotel but not the location. For me it was a bit far from everything as I had to be off property quite a bit to see clients and eat out all the time. I will stay in a more centrally located hotel from now on. If you don't plan on leaving the hotel much it is a really nice place. The planes are a bit noisy on the airport side. My room faced East on the 34th floor. It is not as big or confusing as the MGM Grand but almost. I will avoid both of them from now on. I am going back to Caesars where I belong. I did not like the $15 internet sevice charge that The Hotel and all the Las Vegas Hotels have. It is free everywhere else in the free world when you book a room for a night , Why not in Vegas? I just used my aircard instead. I have plenty of money but I will not pay $60 for the 2 hours of internet usage I needed over my stay. It is just silly.	
Nov 27 2008 	Marvelous Mandalay Bay	Great value. Have stayed here frequently from conferences to a bachelorette party. Love the hotel. Rooms spacious. Pool scene hot. A bit separated form the rest of the strip but easily remedied by tram and cabs.	
Nov 27 2008 	Perfect Romantic Getaway	15th of November - 7 nights - THEsuiteMe and My Boyfriend are just back after a week in THEhotel, Las Vegas.I cannot fault anything in this hotel. From the moment we pulled up to the entrance of the hotel to the time we left the hotel we were treated like royalty. All members of staff were friendly and helpful.The rooms were huge, we were on the 17th floor overlooking the strip (most of the view was the Luxor Hotel) I would recommend trying to get a floor above the 23rd Floor to get a better view of the strip. I absolutely loved the huge tub - when you sat in it the top of the bath was over your shoulders and also the his and her sinks and vanitys.Whenever we left our room and came back our room had been cleaned to perfection - I cant understand how people are complaining about the housekeeping service as ours was perfect. The bed was the most comfortable bed i've ever slept in (as a travel agent - I travel alot and have stayed in many hotels).Room Service was cheap enough and absolutely delicious and always arrived when we asked for it. all the public areas of the hotel and also the resort were spotless clean and flawless.If there was one thing bad I would say about the hotel it would be the location - it is quite a far walk to the middle of the strip but apart from that THEhotel was perfect. I will be recommending this hotel to all my clients, family and friends. And when I get to go to Las Vegas again I will definitely be staying there again.	
Nov 26 2008 	Service needs improvement!	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The ambiance, presentation of the lobby area (smells like vanilla) and the friendly and professional staff caught my attention. Our room was huge even though we booked what we thought was a standard room. We got a suite with a full bath (loved the huge tub and bath products) and 3/4 bath. The bedroom and living rooms are good size and the decor is very tasteful. My friend accidentally turned the 'do not disturb' light on. It was not their fault and since we were going out for a show that night it worked out perfectly. I phoned housekeeping and was told someone would be right up. During intermission we went up to our room and it was the way we left it. We stopped by the lobby to inform the front desk and was told they would send someone up. When we got back that night no one came and we ended up sleeping on our dirty sheets. We had to phoned two more times the next morning before we received a stack of fresh towels. I received better service at a motel. I definitely would not stay here again unless the price is very reasonable.	
Nov 24 2008 	Robbed!!!	I just wanted to warn all of you before you think about staying here. I left my room, double checked the door, and turned on the &quot;do not disturb&quot; light. When I returned, the room had been ransacked and $3,000 of my stuff was gone including my laptop and my camera. The door had not been forced open. The only explanation is an inside job. Mandalay Bay will not reimburse me for the loss EVEN IF their own investigation shows that it was one of their people. They won't even reimburse me for the room.I would stay away if you value for things.	
Nov 22 2008 	Disappointing	This was our third stay and our expectations were not met.It's the service, stupid! They are cutting corners everywhere. We were there for 5 nights and although we called every night for turndown, they only came twice. The last times we went, there were always robes. Now you have to ask. It took 60 minutes for delivery. Shameful. We complained that there was no complimentary newspaper. They said we would have to ask. We had ordered room service and the food came faster than the newspaper, some 50 minutes.They once called us at 7AM to tell us the newspaper was outside our door despite having &quot;Do not disturb signs&quot;. What part of &quot;Do not disturb&quot; do they not understand?The worst feature is that the maintenance department has re-engineered all the air conditioner systems to revert to 72 degrees after 4 hours from our desired. Not only did we always return to a hot room but we also woke with sweats.I understand their is a slow economic environment but this is supposed to be a solid 4 star which should be synonymous with service. They failed big time.	
Nov 18 2008 	good option if u can get a good deal	This is overall a pretty decent hotel. We would certainly recommend it to others as we enjoyed our stay.My only complaint would be the pool area which was just a total let down.....we were on a romantic break and the pool area was just THE least romantic place on earth. It was basically a noisy meat market and finding a quiet corner was virtually impossible! If I return to Las Vegas I would prefer to stay somewhere with a more relaxing pool area in the future......but I would not overlook THE hotel as an option as we were generally very pleased with our room and the hotel in general.	
Nov 17 2008	Remains the Coolest Hotel in Las Vegas	Excellent!!! Five and a half stars. Fun restaurants, great nightclubs. Good staff all around. My transportation was arranged from my room and was not overpriced or unsavory. I'll throw a party, er, I mean stay their again.	
Nov 17 2008 	The Best Hotel I've stayed in	From the offset I was impressed with this hotel.We arrived at the underground Valet entrance and were greeted by two welcoming porters who took our cases in to the reception area for us. The check in was slow, but that was due to the number of travellers arriving at the same time (I recognised most from my flight). The receptionist was over helpful and was very keen to inform us on all that was happening in and around 'The Strip', and gave us a book with a map etc.Our room was very impressive, especially when you compare it to our average Brit chain hotel. Immediately to the right of the front door was a door leading into the 'half bath' (sink and toilet) and directly in front was the 'living room part of the suite. The living room had a desk, 3 seater sofa,which me and my friend could sprawl out on very comfortably, a massive sitting chair, and a flat screen plasma TV.The bedroom was very spacious, with two queen size beds, a double wardrobe, and another flat screen plasma TV.Leading off the bedroom was a bathroom, with a deep bath, massive shower, and another toilet, fully with THEHotel's own brand of moisturisers and soaps/shapoo etc - which were beautiful. The floor to ceiling windows looking out over the strip made night time worth looking forward too, especially as we were on the 19th floor.The facilites available on site including THECafe, and THEStore (great, reasonable food &amp; toiletries and drinks for the room). The Casino was adjoining to the Mandalay Bay, but what more do you expect when it's part of the same hotel??Being part of the Mandalay Bay meant more restauraunts (including an awesome Italian - a must) and cafe's. Shark Reef was reasonably priced and had various packages to include a marine life cuddly toy and photo.The pool is exlusive to guests of the hotel (both THE &amp; Mandalay Bay) but access is only granted on presenting your room key card, and is very clean, also had beachside cafe's and shops, not forgetting the newly opened beachside Casino. The mall attaching the hotels with the Luxor were also full of the Las Vegas glitz and glamour and included some really nice stores. The Mandalay Bay also offers a free shuttle which will take you to/from the Luxor and the Excalabur and runs almost all day.The only negative point for me was that it is at the very far end of the Strip and wlaking to certain hotels maybe a bit difficult, but overall, this hotel is totally amazing, and I can't wait to go back. In fact I've already booked to go back there in 2009.	
Nov 16 2008 	THE Hotel with THE Kids A Family Adventure in Vegas	Stayed at THE Hotel for 5 days, 4 nights M-F for a conference. Upon arrival, staff was friendly and helpful getting us situated in the room. Located on the 18th floor on the NE tower, we enjoyed a view of the Luxor and McCarran Airfield. Room was large and spacious, I did however have to dial house keeping due to dirty linens (balls of matted hair and the like), a lovely and efficient member of housekeeping was up with in 1/2 an hour, even turned down the beds for us. (NOTE if you are calling housekeeping, be sure to turn your don not disturb sign off and the housekeeping one ON.) Once kids were in bed, I organized our snack area. In the living room they do provide a &quot;wet bar&quot; with 2 regular glasses, 2 wine glasses, an ice bucket, and a tray of &quot;snacks&quot;.... expensive snacks. we filled our ice bucket and used it to keep beverages cold (we brought a small container of milk that stayed cold and was a nice treat for breakfast.) Bedroom &amp; Living room areas featured floor to ceiling windows, dimming lights and blackout curtains. Each morning, the kids enjoyed the enormous bath along with their favorite PBS or NICK friends (tv in the bath, as well as a phone and digital scale). bath samples included body balm, shampoo, cond, bath salts, shoe polish, shower cap, mending kit, bath soap and hand soap. The extra half bath was a plus. Dining:Never ate at THE Hotel.Luxor food court (accessible by following the Mandalay Place walkway and turning L towards Starbucks... we had McDonald's there. There is also several others Nathan's Hot Dogs, and a smoothie place I believe)Excalibur buffet was average. Carving Station, Mexican, Asian, Fruits, Desserts, Salad. One night my kids had the dolphin..Food court included McD's Krispy Kream, Quiznos, and a Chinese place (good by my standard) on the other side of the buffet away from the main area.Food Court located next to MGM (North) has Wendy's Subway &amp; various others.Activities:Monorail baby. Kids grooved that thing..Free (Train 1 stops at LUXOR , Train 2 is express to Excalibur.)Excalibur: arcade on lower level you pay to play.NYNY Roller coaster: something like $14 a person, my kids were content to sit in the food court there and watch it go by.Rain forest cafe @ MGM lots of toys to tinker with, aquarium, animated animals, food (a bit pricey)Lion Habitat @ MGM Lions switch out from 3:30 -4:30 other wise I believe it's a 9a-9p deal. You can walk through the gift shop via a tunnel THROUGH the habitat. Trainers play with and encourage activity. I think we went there every day. Cost: free.M&amp;M Store: North of MGM 10 min walk maybe. 4 floors of melt in your mouth goodness. Floor 3 has a walk through &quot;production factory&quot;, and movie. LOTS of stuff to buy. Cost: Free.Tidbit:If you need drinks, meds, toiletries , there is a Walgreens just up and past the M&amp;M store. Go during the day. As all the local color and &quot;adult entertainment vendors&quot; are passing out advertisements when dark. ALSO there may be folks on the walkways asking for handouts, just so you're not surprised.With a little planning and creativity, the kids will never notice the : &quot;sin&quot; of &quot;Sin City&quot;! =0)	
Nov 15 2008 	One of the best....	I previously worked in the travel industry for 10 years and was a little worried about earlier reviews on The Hotel.I have to say that this is one of the best hotels I have stayed at, everything from Check-in to Check-out was excellent. I arrived at check in, on a Saturday afternoon and was greeted with a nice smell of a sweet fragrance that seemed to fill the whole of the lobby. I gave my details to the receptionist who went away and checked that the room was clean and ready to use, after a few minutes he came back to confirm all was ok. very smooth,Room was on the ninth floor and was a corner suite. key worked first time (it can be annoying when you are some many floors up and the key hasn't been activated). Opened the door to be plesantly surprised by the size of the room. Our room contained a separate lounge and bedroom with a good size bathroom.The views were brilliant as from the bedroom you could see various hotels on the strip and the mountains from the other and the lounge had a view of the airport and the Mandalay bay. The maids came in and cleaned the room every day, left fresh towels daily and maids always greeted you everytime you passed them in the corridors.The hotel doesn't have a casino linked to the hotel but a short walk through to the Mandalay bay and there is all the gambling tables and sports books you need. The Hotel is located at the end of the strip next to the Mandalay Bay and the luxor, it can be a bit of walk down to the strip but it was nice to see a little sunlight and walk off the breakfast belly. you can also get a tram from the Mandalay bay down to the strip. If you stay at this hotel, you need to take a vist to the mix lounge on the 64th floor. The views are amazing and worth the extra few dollars on the drinks.All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone as I was in las vegas for a friends wedding and there was about 10 people that stayed in the hotel and no-one could find any complaints.I hope this helps	
Nov 15 2008 	loved the room and pool	We stayed for four nights Nov.7-11th for a surprise 40th for my husband. It was awesome, the service, rooms and pool all awesome. The south strip is so easy to get around. You can take a tram free to Excalaper and over the street you are at NY NY. We had a rental car as well, and valet is free at every hotel. I highly recommend this hotel. I got it for $170 a night on priceline. I bid for it. The weekend I went the rate was over $400 a night. So it was a great rate.	
Nov 13 2008 	THEHotel...not "All That" but pretty good	We stayed at THEHotel to celebrate a friend's birthday, along with a large number of friends. Prior to arriving we had heard terrible first-hand reports and tried to change our reservations to the Four Seasons, but as the party was at THEMix we didn't feel like having to stagger the extra feet over to the FS. Glad we stayed.Service was excellent. We were treated well on every level, from the valet, front desk, spa and housekeeping to the servers and manager at THEMix. Our suite was spotless and well-kept, though the rooms were quite small with the exception of the bathroom. We noticed only a bit of extra noise through the walls, most of it arguing from the couple next door. We had late checkout (4 pm) and free breakfast through AmEx as well as a spa credit.Service at THEMix was good, even for our large group, and the food was tasty and well-prepared. View was wonderful from the lounge area. Played a bit at the mandalay casino but not enough to notice. We did get rooked by one of the taxi drivers - our trip out from the airport was $22, trip back was $6. Oh well.I'd stay here again, but only if not doing anything on the Strip.	
Nov 8 2008 	There are better options in Vegas	&quot;THE hotel&quot; isn't bad but I expected more.. There was a moth in my room. The first day a guy came into my room to check the mini bar (shouldn't they do this before I arrive?) - he rang the buzzer and entered immediately after without giving me time to ask him to come back later - I was not dressed and had to run into the other room and tell him through the door to get out. Even with every light on the rooms were dark - I get it that the place wants to be trendy but I like to be able to read, do my makeup in full light. Also, Internet costs $15 a day, the gym costs $20 a day, the convenience store is grossly overpriced ($10 for travel size Advil). The first two are basic hotel amenities these days. I only wanted a quick workout so I am not paying $20. On the plus side, the staff was nice.	
Nov 6 2008 	Perfection	TheHotel is wonderful. The suites are impeccable, spacious and very tastefully decorated. The massive full bathroom is the perfect size for more than one person to get ready for a night out. Although the pool area is extremely crowded it's great for people watching and oddly relaxing. We went to the rooftop bar/club, Mix, on a Wednesday night and it was pretty empty. Fortunately the bartenders brought us free drinks and we were able to snag a table outside -- by far the best views of the Strip. I've only been to Vegas this one time but I can't imagine staying anywhere else if I do go back.	
Nov 5 2008 	Always Perfect for us!	This is our third time staying in TheHotel. We have come to Las Vegas every year for my husbands birthday in June for the past 7 years. We have actually visited Las Vegas 13 total times. We have stayed in almost every hotel on the strip. WE LOVE THEHOTEL! The rooms are beautiful (especially for the price) and the staff is always very friendly and helpful. The always make dinner reservations for us anywhere we wanna go, even if its with another hotel. The restaurants are great and we love the Mix. (The view of the strip is amazing) We will be back again in January for New Years Eve!!	
Nov 1 2008 	A quality escape...	This is a second visit and overall very satisfactory. The standard all suites configuration provides a good size lounge, visitor restroom, separate bedroom and sitting area and a large bathroom. The floor to ceiling windows give a great view (but of course there is so much light coming in to the rooms these inevitably appear dark). The furnishings and service are good. The wide variety of guests visiting Las Vegas means that the corridors even in the tranquil towers at THEhotel did get noisy once or twice when sitting in the lounge area of the room. The pool is quite a walk away at Mandalay Bay hotel..so be prepared for a long walk through the desanitising odours of the air conditioning of the casino to get to Mandalay Bay and then down to ground floor to access the beach. Its a fun place with massive wave pool, but be prepared for a scamble for a seat.	
Oct 31 2008 	Fabulous Hotel!!	The Hotel was fantastic. The location was brilliant being at the bottom of the strip so we were dropped off first from the airport on arrival. The staff were very friendly and helpful although when we checked in there were no double rooms availiable despite booking this. However we were given a room on the 35th floor overlooking the entire strip. The view was amazing and the twin rooms were two kingsized beds anyway so it did not really matter that we were not allocated our requested room type.The hotel was very modern, the rooms were amazing and the hotel ameneties were great too. There were so many restaurants and bars to choose from...almost too much choice!!We ate at the buffett for breakfast which had a massive selection of food and was very reasonable in price, we also ate at Mix at the top of the hotel which was fantastic, the service and staff were 5 star. If you go there ask for a window seat, the views are amazing. the restaurant also has a club so keep your food receipt and you dont have to pay to get in.The hotel had a great swimming pool (was voted the best in Vegas in 2006) it has a lazy river &amp; wave pool. Great for all but not so fun on a weekend as it is packed and you will struggle to get a sun lounger. There is an adult only pool but this you have to pay for even if you are a hotel guest, it was $50 for men and $10 for women so we did not bother with that. Stick to the main pool its much more fun people watching and diving in and out of the wave pool. The hotel is connected to the Luxor and the Excalibur, you can walk between them or get the free monorail. It also has great shops which were not over priced either for Vegas.I would recommend The Hotel to anyone heading to Vegas, we loved it and would certainly book to go back.	
Oct 30 2008 	The walls could be thicker and the prices lower	Stayed at Mandalay Bay last week, 20th - 25th October 2008. I cannot fault the room. We were on the 33rd floor and had a great view across rear of Las Vegas but only a little bit of the strip. House keeping was good although every morning about 9am they would knock on the door and ask if you want your room serviced. So hang out the do not disturb sign (Actually says&quot;relaxing&quot; whatever that means ha ha) My only moan was the walls are very thin. Group of girls next door and I think one had got very drunk and maybe things had gone to far cos when she got back to the room the next morning I thought I was in the same room as her. Then their hotel phone was going off at about 2.30am followed up by room service banging on their door. All we needed was a marching band in the corridor and the night would have been complete.However what really pi**ed me off was the price of drinks in the bars. I could buy a bottle of wine at New York New York for the same price as a glass of wine at Mandalay Bay. And the bottle was better quality wine. Mandalay Bay has great amenities its a shame they don't control the pricing a bit better, they would get more people in. And the policy can't be to keep out the riff raff cos the place was crawling with them.	
Oct 29 2008 	Hooray Hooray for the Hotel Mandalay	As with every big hotel in Vegas its no surprise that this hotel gets mixed reviews, but I absolutely loved it.Initially slightly put off by the end of strip location and proximity to the airport, but you soon realise that if you are girl wearing heels then you'll be cabbing it anyway and you can't hear the planes either.Again - as with most of the hotels in Vegas there are plenty of restaurants (my favourite being Raffles) for a variety of budgets and tastes. There is tons of entertainment and bars as well - but in the 2 days that we were there we could barely scratch the tip of what the MB has to offer. The pool is a main draw - although personally I found the main pools too crowded and noisy. However there was a lovely pool just set off from the main pools which was much quieter and relaxing. You could even put your chairs in the pool and read a book which was a bonus when the temperatures soared to 107.The bedrooms are large and airy and have all the facilities required. A lovely bath, huge shower and plenty of big fluffy towels (a must). Staff are on hand 24 hours a day and nothing seems to be too much trouble. Loved the floor to ceiling windows and also liked being able to watch the planes come in to land and take off.	
Oct 28 2008 	Sophisticated Resort Dusty Room	We stayed at The Hotel for 3 nights in October 2008, and despite some issues with the room, we had a great time at the resort. This is my second time staying at The Hotel (first was in May 2007). This most recent stay, we definitely noticed a lot more wear and tear in the room - upon arrival we had a very dusty room that clearly hadn't been cleaned or used in a while. The desk chair was broken as well as the door under the sink. We felt that the hotel service was so/so when we arrived (bell service took over an hour &amp; we were forced to wait in our room to receive the bags). We would recommend that travelers skip the bell service so they are not stuck waiting in their room - they will not leave the bags if you're not there. All of these issues were resolved though &amp; we enjoyed our stay.On the whole, we loved the apartment feel of the room &amp; the separate living room &amp; extra bathroom. The bathroom is luxury all the way &amp; there are three TVs in the room (bathroom, bedroom &amp; living room). We liked the living room, especially to meet up w/ friends before going out. We absolutely loved Mandalay Bay itself. Everyone was so friendly &amp; the service, despite the small issues above, was excellent. In terms of gambling, the casino is very nice &amp; the hotel attracts more of a sophisticated crowd in their late 20s/early 30s and up. You will not find the &quot;fratastic&quot; element here. The sports book is very cool as well. And, of course, we are hooked on Starbucks &amp; loved that there was one in the hotel.As for shopping, go to Caesars - there's just not much at Mandalay. Also skip the House of Blues for breakfast - not that great. We liked the 24 hour restaurant for basic lunches &amp; late night snacks - great variety &amp; good service.The pool has recently been redone &amp; it definitely felt like I was walking into an amusement park/Wally World - checking in through the turnstiles, food court, etc. We rented a cabana &amp; thought it was worth it, especially for the shade &amp; the TV. We were in the West Lagoon area though, which was definitely not the place to be - exceptionally tame. I would recommend getting a cabana either in East Lagoon or by the Beach - much more people watching &amp; fun.The conceirge service was excellent - you should use them to book all of your reservations. They saved us a lot of hassle &amp; made our trip much better.All in, we give The Hotel a B+.	
Oct 27 2008 	Dont Stay Here They Rob You	our hotel room was broken into while we were sleeping and our purses and wallets were stollen!!! When we contacted security they acted as though they could care less. They also even tried to say it was our fault! They claim they have no camera's in the hallways, how can that be at a hotel like this? They have cameras everywhere! I even gave them the time frame when we got in the room till when we woke up that they could check. Later that morning we found the purses behind a vending machine, with all the cash removed. The wallets were not found. There was also someones elses wallet behind the vending machine, but not our party. Apparently another room was also robbed!!!! The hotel has yet to even say sorry let alone give us any compensation of any kind. Regardless of the cash and watch that were stolen you pay for some sort of security in a hotel and there was absolutly none in this hotel. We could have been beaten, knifed, shot, who knows. I will never stay there again and everyone should be aware that they have a theft problem and are doing NOTHING about it.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 27 2008 	Lovely hotel	THEHotel was a comfortable hotel but we felt a bit out on a limb. Although the free monorail goes down to Excalibur it just felt a bit to far off the Strip. The room we had was brilliant, large and clean but the lighting within was poor and we felt like we wanted to get out into daylight to see some daylight. It's also great that the hotel is no smoking and the parking is free. I couldn't fault the place at all but I personally wouldn't go back for the above reasons. If you are going drop them an email before you go and request a room on a high floor facing the strip if possible....you'll get a great view.	
Oct 26 2008 	Best Bachelorette Party	A group of my girlfriends and I all took our first trip to Vegas for our friend's bachelorette party last summer and it was amazing! We stayed at theHOTEL at Mandalay Bay in a suite. It was the perfect size for the 5 of us, plenty of bathroom space, and a big living room area to pregame in. The amenities of Mandalay Bay were right downstairs as well, the best being the pool. We spent our two days at Club Moorea - a wild, daytime pool party. We had a blast sunning oursleves, dancing, drinking cocktails and watching as absolute debauchery unfolded - our reaction: Only in Vegas!Overall, this is a hotel that caters to young people - it seemed like there were groups of guys and girls in their early twenties all over the place. If you're looking for a great time with your friends, I highly recommend Mandalay Bay!	
Oct 26 2008 	Great trip to Vegas!	I've been to Vegas several times before, but this was my first stay at The Hotel/Mandaly Bay. The entire stay was a great experience. The suite was well appointed and clean and the stafff was very friendly and accommodating. The pool complex is great and there are many great restaurants to choose from. We ate at The Cafe, Aureole and Border Grill which were all very good to excellent. The one exception was the buffet which we went to for Sunday brunch. The service was good but frankly, the food was bad. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 24 2008 	Loved it!	The hotel at Mandalay Bay was worth every penny. The lobby is phenomenal, the service is exceptional, and the rooms are spectacular. The casino is not smokey like other casinos. There are many restuarant choices in the hotel. The pool area is clean and fun-I can relax there all day. Yes, the hotel is pretty far from all of the activity on The Strip but, its still worth it-get a taxi!	
Oct 23 2008 	a good visit to vegas	We selected the hotel based on a special package that the hotel was offering on their website (bronze). We parked in the valet parking garage and were quickly given directions to the lobby. A very modern hotel, the hotel's guestroom was one of the nicest rooms we have ever stayed in. It was a 700 sq foot suite with separate living area from the bedroom, one and a half baths.... and three flat screen tvs! At $169. per night plus half off a show, 1/2 off a cabana plus other discounts you couldn't go wrong. Definitely get a cabana if you could afford one... it was great relaxing in the shade near the pools without being toe to toe with the rest of the guests. Poolside service was great. The casino was fine with plenty of slots. The only negative about the hotel is that it is way at the south side of the strip so a hike to see the other hotels and the drinks and food are somewhat expensive but I am sure they are at the other hotels as well. Also, if you go for one of these packages be sure to check your bill carefully at checkout as they charged us full price for the show. In very, very, very, fine print it said on the original coupon book that you must present it when purchasing the tickets for the show. After questioning the bill they did give us the refund.	
Oct 21 2008 	Nice room but not worth the money or the hype	We stayed here for 2 nights in September after booking online directly and paying 300 USD a night. Agree that the entrance being underground is somewhat surprising and the check in and baggage staff do not make you feel special at all. Average experience to start.The room was nice and big and well furnished but still lacked the charm and wow factor that I had expected. N.B. Apart from having a seperate entrance and hotel room you are completely mixed in with people from the Mandalay. The pool was crowded and not very pleasant and the staff in the casino and by the pool were terrible! Probably because they had to serve about 20,000 people a day and are over worked. I had expected a fantastic VIPish experience, got an average one and felt short changed.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Experience	Our first trip to Las Vegas as a blast and we thoroughly enjoyed TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. After researching the many different hotel venues in Vegas, we settled on TheHotel because of it's very modern, contemporary design and the price was right for a 4 star hotel. There is a common theme throughout the hotel impying that they are &quot;THE&quot; hotel, meaning they are the best. Their note pads on the writing desk even say &quot;ThePad&quot; on it. We found it quite humorous how far they went with &quot;THE&quot; theme. We found a promotion for labor day weekend that averaged $159 per day for a &quot;V-suite&quot;. We chose this suite over &quot;The-Suite&quot; because it is slightly larger and has a much larger view of the Las Vegas skyline from the bedroom. The &quot;V-Suites&quot; are located on the ends of the hotel while the &quot;The-suites&quot; are sandwiched in the middle. There are two 42&quot; plasma televisions, one in the bedroom and the other in the living room (even though we didn't spend a whole lot of time watching television). The bathroom was decked in granite and marble and our maid service kept the room spotlessly clean. For the two of us, it was very spacious and accommodating. If you plan to share this between more than 2 people, it probably would be a little crowded. We didn't have any negative experiences with any of the staff, they were always very courteous and concerned for any needs we had. Our only beef was the manner in which you checked in, there was quite a long line. However, as we traveled throughout Vegas, we found that to be a common theme in all the hotels we visited. We had dinner at &quot;TheMix&quot; which was supposed to be a very high end restaurant. The dinner was &quot;OK&quot;, but with the prices, the expectations tend to be higher. For two, expect to spend at least $100 excluding wine or alcohol. There were three hostesses and one of them was quite snotty (if that is a word) and seemed to be judgemental of the customers. Prefering to offer a smile only to those whom she felt was worthy. I was tempted to leave a big tip to the other two hostess to make a point, but thought better of it. I probably would not recommend this restaurant since there are many other exceptional ones on the strip. It just didn't wow us enough to warrant a recommendation. If you need to eat in the hotel, I would recommend you go to &quot;TheCafe&quot; or Rick Moonen's Seafood (where I enjoyed Raw oysters cultivated from 6 different regions of the US from the Pacific to Atlantic).We felt that there was a HUGE difference between the Mandalay Bay hotel and THEHotel @ Mandalay Bay. Even though they are adjoined, there is a totally different ambiance between the two. I see the older Mandalay Bay catering more so to the sterotypical Vegas tourist whereas THEHotel has more of the &quot;finer&quot; attention to detail consitent with expectations from higher end travelers. Overall &quot;TheHotel&quot; experience was exceptional and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 19 2008 	INCREDIBLE	This was the first time in Vegas for my wife and I. We wanted to stay somewhere nice. After some research I booked The Hotel @ Mandalay. We were not dissapointed. Everything was first class.HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend it!	
Oct 15 2008	How about renaming this hotel to the MAN DA PAYor the MAN U MUST PAY	I went to Mandalay this weekend from the 9th to the 13th of October. I thougt I was in for a good time. Here' the deal on the Mandalay; everything, costs something. 1. At no time do they tell you that it costs to get into the Shark Reef until you are there, I believe the cost was roughly $17.00 per adult, no discount even if you stay there. 2. No pens in the room to write down on the paper they give you.3. The concierge (first name Chad, last name left out on purpose) was smug. I asked,does the Hooever Dam tour run everday, his response in a rather smart [--] manner &quot;everday 365 days a year&quot;. This hotel professional should be yanked from such a high profile position. He had another comment like this but you get the picture.4. While we were checking in, the person at the front desk made cattle sounds like we were animals to be herded. He stated words to this effect &quot;Lets go, right over here, followed up with a cowboy grunt like &quot;heh&quot;5. Checking out. We waited in line for 25 minutes. Are you kidding me? It was torture. Please don't even tell me that you can't forecast workload requirements. Oh, if you don't beleive me pull the tape and watch from roughly 11:00 to 11:30. Ok, my wife worked for a VERY large upscale hotel for 20 years. She knows a lot but attention to detail and service are this womans hallmark. I would never stay at this hotel again. Looks pretty and it is but the service is bad and unless you want to pay for everything go down the street.	
Oct 14 2008 	Never again....	Decided to treat my mom to a nice girls weekend in Vegas and stay here. She was dying to try out the lazy river. Check in was un-eventful and we were checked in by 3:00 which was great on a Friday. Went and cruised the strip and downtown for a bit. Came back around 2AM to get some food to find THEcafe closed! Okay, went to Raffles. Went to try to charge it to my room and was told that I was not allowed to charge anythign to my room.... HUH??? Went and talked to the manager and told him how disappointed I was since Check in never told me anything like that. My litttle sister told him we always stay at the Wynn (which we do) and NEVER have encountered a problem like this. We were told to go back to the Wynn if we liked it there so much! WOW!! NEVER have I gotten such bad service from a Restaurant manager, nonetheless. Ok, maybe he was having a bad night...Throughout the weekend we encountered many other problems like that one. We were even locked out of our room after we secured a late check out and had to wait for security to come let us in, like we were criminals. Felt very degraded. My sister promptly got on the phone and called downstairs and we were told we'd be receiving somethign in the mail for our problems we encountered. It's been over a month now and NADA!! Nothign in the mail, no phone call apologizing...nothing! Mandalay Bay will NEVER be getting my $$ again... I'll be at the Wynn if you need to find me! I'm very, very happy there and always treated like the queen I am!! ;)	
Oct 14 2008 	Never Again	Not Impressed! Just came back from 3 nights at The Hotel (hate that name) and vowed never to go back there again. From the minute we arrived we should have known-the main entrance is in the parking garage and they make no effort to conceal that fact. It was dark, depressing and felt like the inside of a garage-not elegant or charming in any way. We checked in after a 5 hour plane ride ahead of my husband who had a business meeting. The girl at the front desk wouldn't let my daughter and I check in because the reservation was in my husband's name even though I had his credit card, a photo ID and had prepaid for one night. After many visits to her manager she begrudgingly let me check in but I could not charge anything to my room until my husband showed up in person. No access to the minibar, no TV, lunch had to be paid in cash-pretty humiliating-I felt like a criminal! On top of everything she gave us rooms on the 6th floor overlooking the parking lot and with conferences going on across the hall. My daughter, who had her own room, was put at the other end of the hotel when we called and specifically asked for her to be near us.  We headed to the beach to relax-big mistake. It was like Jones Beach on a Saturday in August. Bad music blaring, lounge chairs back to back and the &quot;beach&quot; was a joke-not at all like the website or photos. We left after lunch at the grill which was fine except for the terrible pina colada mix w/no rum in it. ($70 for 2 for a salad and chicken fingers) To sum up, this hotel is not exclusive or sophisticated or chic rather, it's dark, claustrophic and amateurish with poor customer service.We usually stay at the Wynn and this made us appreciate it so much more.	
Oct 14 2008 	Mediocre AT best	This was my very FIRST trip to Vegas. My boyfriend wanted to treat me to a nice getaway and chose thehotel at Manday Bay.We stayed on the 23rd floor at thehotel's V Suite for 3 nights during 4th of July weekend. When we arrived, the wait in line to check in was almost an hour long and the staff did not seem very attentive and friendly. It wasn't a great start.The view from our suite was wonderful (right next to The Luxor) and the suite was gorgeous but the service was poor. When we checked in, everything was cleaned except the bathroom. The shower was covered in water stains and the shower floor was sticky. Also, both of the Plasma TV's did not work and my boyfriend called the front desk to have someone come and fix the TV's and clean up the restroom. We took a nap, woke up about an hour later- still no service. My boyfriend called again to remind the front desk and we got ready to attend a UFC fight from The Mandalay Bay. As soon as the fight was over, we went back to our room and it was STILL uncleaned and unattended. Furious and dissatisfied, my boyfriend decided to go downstairs himself and tell them about the dirty bathroom and the TV's. Finally after he spoke with a manager we finally had the service we requested. Shortly after we ordered some hamburgers through room service. It took them 3 hours to bring our food up to our room! We ordered our food at 11pm and didn't receive it until 2:00am. We were already asleep by then!Overall- Nice suite, but my boyfriend and I did not leave with happy memories of thehotel at Mandalay Bay. We would consider staying there again only if it were paid for/compt. Other han that, I will never look back.	
Oct 14 2008 	Let's lay out the cards...	The normal rooms at Mandalay bay are THEhotel's own worst enemy when you try to determine if THEhotel is worth it.- Both have access to the top pool in vegas- Artsy lobby with calming funk can be smelled and seen by all, although the most convenient way to get to the casino and then out to the strip is by taking the shortcut through the parking garage. So in the end the lobby balances out when you toss that stinky detour in.- Artsy decor: THEhotel was somewhat unique when it originally came out, but now there are several hotels doing what THEhotel is doing, and are better at it, plus the newer modern-ish hotels are usually eco-friendly. Your room is not as cool as the lobby is.- You don’t get: free internet, fridge (unless you take the booze out of your tiny minibar, and let your stuff sit in there for a good 8 hours to get cold). coffee machine. - You get: cylindrical pillow on your bed that has no purpose, 1.5 baths, phone by the toilet, big tub, VERY loud music from the pool or some club at night, expect it to end at 2 am. I was on the 21st floor. Also, a sticker on your toilet paper roll that says &quot;THEtp&quot;. FTWIf you get a deal on it, by all means stay. If you’re putting in your hard earned cash to get wowed, you may be disappointed.	
Oct 10 2008 	Loved it!	I was at the hotel for my bachelorette party weekend with my friends and got one of the suites. We also rented a cabana by the pool. The service was great and the lazy river, beach with waves was a lot of fun. I'm glad we got the cabana and got there early in the morning the pool chairs go by fast and it can get crowded. The only thing that brought down my love for this place was when I ordered a cesar salad by the pool and noticed it had dirt on it! yes actuall dirt on the salad I was disgusted and told the cabana man who apologized but it was nasty :( overall the stay was fun and very pleasant.	
Oct 9 2008 	probably the best in Vegas”	i went here in a group for the first time to the usa and what i seen when we got there was out of this world the hotel is in my view the best one on the strip the suites are very modern with bath rooms to die for the wife really liked them . the staff are first class the tend to ur every need and the pool at the mandalay bay is a site to see we are planning to go back to vegas and i will be staying at the hotel again	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Mandalay Bay	We visited Vegas after a whistle-stop tour of Southern California slumming it in motels, and, even if the Mandalay Bay was not done out as a tropical paradise, we would have thought it was heaven.I imagine any upmarket hotel in Vegas will be opulent, exquisitely comfortable and beautiful and the Mandalay Bay really delivered. The (two double) beds were huge and so cosy I had to drag myself out of them to experience Vegas. The numerous pools are great. The restaurants are wonderful.As a tip, try to go to one of the smaller pools - on a day when the main pool was heaving we went to the South Lagoon and practically had it to ourselves. It is only open in very busy periods which is a shame but there are other Lagoons that are also quieter.	
Oct 9 2008 	Better than Expected	The rooms were suites and we got one V-Suite on the 20th floor on the west wing with a view of the north and west of LV. It was a nicely appointed room.The east wing is not a nice and the room layouts are not as nice.	
Oct 7 2008 	Honeymooning at TheHotel	When searching for out of town accomodations, especially for a romantic getaway, there are a few key attributes that can make or break a hotel, in my opinion:A gorgeous bathoomA sumptuous bed/linensGreat attentive service from the hotel staffAtmosphereHaving found TheHotel via a search on LasVegas.com, I had no way of knowing, based solely on photographs, if the hotel would meet these criteria, but based on the recommendations of a few travelers (as well as friends who know my taste), we went ahead and booked it for our honeymoon. I'm pleased to say, it not only met my expectations, but far exceeded them in most every way possible.First off, TheHotel is a non-gaming hotel; while it's adjacent to the Mandalay Bay, and can be accessed via their casino, it has a completely different atmosphere and flavor than the adjoining property. From the moment you step out of your car at the Valet stand, and enter the first set of glass doors, your nose detects a gentle, floral scent (we learned from the Spa that it's a &quot;proprietary scent,&quot; and they wouldn't tell us what it was made of). Pass the second set of doors, and your eye is immediately drawn upward to a huge chandelier made of dozens of blown glass tear-drop shaped globes, suspended over a huge black table, displaying huge, tall vases of meticulously arranged white blooms.As you enter further, you come into a slightly dimmer-lit vestibule, decorated with an assortment of black absract paintings, and cases containing HUGE, 180 million year old chunks of quartz. A soundtrack of techno-lounge music plays softly in the background (and the mood/tempo of the music changes slightly throughout the day, ramping up to a slighly more danceable pace in the late evening hours). The overall vibe here is just 'cool.' Very contemporary, very clean and elegant.As you make your way to the check in counter, you'll pass TheCoffeeBar and TheLounge. Check in was seamless, and very pleasant. When the desk clerk learned it was our wedding/honeymoon, she made a phone call, and upgraded our suite to a larger, corner room.The elevator vestibule is a wonder of black marble (or granite?) with more arrays of white blooms and a very cool, dark feel, accented by indirect lighting.Upon entering the suite, we were greeted by what felt like a trendy apartment in a large downtown area. A half-bath in the foyer, tiled entryway, leading into a good-sized living room. The living room was furnished in a very contemporary fashion, dark colors, accented with bright splashes here and there. A couch, armchair, 42&quot; plasma flatscreen and a large writing desk and chair finish out the living room, as well as a mirrored wet-bar.From the bedroom, making the way into the bedroom, we were greeted with wrap-around glass, interrupted only by the wall-mounted entertainment center and another 42&quot; plasma. Luxurious linens and feather-down pillows made the bed, which was flanked by huge black side tables and mirrored panels, with a softly upholstered headboard.From the bedroom into the glamour bathrom... wow. Just a beuatiful, beautiful bathroom, the centerpiece of which was a huge, deep Roman tub, surrounded in black marble. The dual sinks, large shower, fluffy towels, plasma TV and in-house toiletries rounded it out to make a very pleasing place to soak at the end of a long day on the strip.While a minor thing to note, I was amused by the gradually-brightening lights in the bath, as well as in the commode room -- in the wee hours of the a.m., this is a very well appreciated touch.While we were very pleased with the room, we did experience some minor issues during our stay:While there was a card in the bathroom that indicated they were on a &quot;Green plan,&quot; and therefore only replaced towels on the 3rd day, or sooner upon request, we were miffed to find that by day 4, our bed sheets hadn't yet been changed at all (there was a small, telltale black inkspot on one of them, which made it easy to tell that they hadn't been changed). Additionally, it appeared housekeeping hadn't vacuumed our room at all over those same 4 days.Also, we noticed periodically a rather unpleasant odor coming from the half-bathroom. At first, we didn't think much of it, and I would light a candle to mask it, by on the 4th day, it became too strong to bear.So, on day 4, I contacted the front desk about these matters. It was late at night, so there wasn't a manager on duty, so I was assured one would contact me the following morning. When that didn't happen, I was a bit more than miffed. The following evening, we went to speak to another manager about the issues. She was appalled at the lack of response we'd received from the other manager, and went way above and beyond to make amends for it (including crediting some spa services we'd enjoyed, giving us a food and beverage credit on our account, and moving us into a Penthouse Suite for the duration of our stay).Needless to say, with as wonderful as we found the standard suite, the Penthouse was beyond our wildest expectations, with 180 degree views of the strip, and the mountains (it was on the end of the building, on the 43rd floor). Easily measuring upwards of 2000 square feet, it housed a large foyer, half bath, office, large living room with sectional sofa, 2 arm chairs and a 42&quot; plasma, dining room with seating for 6, and a large walk-in wet bar with barstools. The other end of the suite contained the bedroom, which has a small sittiing area with desk, another (smaller) living room with a love seat and two arm chairs, and a large upholstered ottoman/coffee table. Round the corner to the sleeping area, with a bed and side tables identical to the small suite, but dressed in finer linens (wonderful sheets).From there, there's a small hallway with two closets, and a full length mirror, and then the bathroom. The bath was similar to the smaller suite, with minor changes: a jacuzzi tub, a bidet, and the shower doubles as a steam-room. Towels and bath products have also been upgraded.Throughout the suite, there are control panels for the surround sound, and each room (including the bath) is wired with JBL speakers in the ceiling. You can tune the speakers in to the T.V. channel that is on, or radio, CD or DVD. Also, all draperies in the suite are operated by wall-mounted control panels.Once in this suite, we found it hard to even leave, as the nighttime views of the lights along the strip were just spellbinding.Valet and Bell staff were friendly and attentive throughout our stay (so please remember to tip them accordingly!).My only criticisms of the room are the following:Pillows - while they felt like real feather down, they were very thin, and flattened easily. We did have to request extra pillows, and even so, they were not up to par (especially considering how wonderful the bed was!)Closet Space - The closet space in our initial suite was somewhat limited, and then further crowded by the room safe atop the dresser. Apparently the non-corner rooms have a bit more closet space (two closets flanking the entertainment center), and it was a small sacrifice to make, however a bit more space would have been nice.However, all in all, our stay (in spite of the minor issues) was amazing. They went above and beyond to satisfy us, and it made for a wonderful and romantic honeymoon celebration.	
Oct 6 2008 	nice hotel	The hotel is a classic looking hotel and I was looking at trying another part of the strip. I loved the shuttle train from the hotel to NYNY. But I was disappointed with them not honoring their promotion after inquiring twice. The pool area beach setting is wonderful but be prepared to be exited early if a show is happening that evening. The room are large but still thing the money could be better spent up the strip where hotel hopping can be a bit more fun.	
Oct 6 2008 	The Hotel at MB ... great place to stay	My husband and I just returned from our 2nd trip in a year to a Mandalay Bay (MB) property. Last year we stayed at Mandalay Bay (where he proposed to me), this year my husband surprised me and booked our room at The Hotel at MB.Both times we have had great experiences. The Hotel decor is a dark brown with lighting that is appropriate to brighten. We had a one bedroom suite, which was perfect. The suite included a full bath and a half bath. It was nice having a &quot;living room&quot; area to sit and watch TV while waiting for the other to shower and get ready rather than having to sit on a bed all the time as in a standard room.One of the previous reviews mentioned that they didn't hear anything in the room from the hallways or adjoining rooms. I totally agree. The only time I heard anyone in the hallway was if I was standing at the entry to the living room area down the short hall from the door. Other than that, we didn't hear a peep.The MB complex is extremely large, so unless you're going out for dinner, wear comfortable shoes.MB is also adjoined to the Four Seasons Hotel, which has the Charlie Palmer Steak House. We splurged one evening for an awesome dinner there along with a bottle of wine. The whole meal was terrific and the wait staff were wonderful. This is a very pricey restaurant (at least in my book), but since we're not gamblers, when we travel to Vegas we always choose to have one splurge meal.The House of Blues is also a very good restaurant. This year we ate breakfast there one day. We've also had dinner on previous trips. You can't go wrong with this restaurant. By Vegas standards for a hotel on the strip, the prices are average, and you will always have more than enough food. My husband and I split the 4 egg omlet and an order of their donuts with dipping sauce (mmmmmm). We ended up taking half of the donuts back to the room to eat the next morning.We also rented a cabana one day just to kick back and relax by the pools. The wait staff was good, and they're not constantly bothering you. Some may like that, some may not. If you want service more frequently, just ask your server to come back more often.There is enough to do at the MB complex, that you really wouldn't need to leave if you chose not to. However, if you're a little more adventureous, rent a car for the day right from MB and go out to Red Rock Canyon for a close up view. This is the mountainous area you see in the distance off to the West of MB &amp; The Hotel. They are beautiful!! We did just that this year and went hiking on some of the trails. Just be careful stepping on the loose rocks. I twisted my ankle twice. Also, take plenty of water and snacks with you too, as there really isn't anyplace to get those items out at Red Rock Canyon.The only other thing I can say is to enjoy your stay!	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Getaway!!	My wife and I stayed three nights in October at The Hotel. I found satff at all levels very helpful and courtesy. My wife loved the decor and configuration of our suite. I agree that food costs are high but I feel they are in line with the other luxury hotels. Also, the proximity to Mandalay Bay and it's amenities is fantastic. It's great to enjoy the night life, restaurants, and pools and then have the ability to go back to a VERY tranquil setting.The MIX Lounge on the 64th floor has a fantastic view of the strip. The drinks are priced accordingly and if you get there early in the night you find a quiet place to chat.I can't wait to return!!	
Oct 6 2008	Sexy Hip Fun: This is how l like to imagine Vegas	TheHotel offers the best of all worlds. It is sleek and classy, young and hip, and feels a bit removed from the casino madness (but is only a long hallway from one of the biggest casinos in Vegas). I’ve stayed in several properties along the Strip, and this is my favorite. • The rooms: Almost all of the rooms in TheHotel are suites, which is a great touch. They’re decorated in that ubiquitous W-style hip minimalist way, but feel relatively well maintained and well built. Comfy bed, HUGE main bathroom, with a smaller extra toilet off the living room). The furnishings are nice, but a bit odd at times (example: the iron is tethered to the ironing board, which feels a bit reminiscent of motels bolting the remote control to the bedside stand in the 1980s). Also, for light sleepers, I do have to say this is the quietest room I’ve ever had in Vegas. • Lobby: Feels very hip and lounge-like. Small and relatively quiet bar with a couple pool tables (a nice touch). TheHotel has no casino, minimal smoke, low techno music in the background. We really liked the vibe.• Service: Let’s be clear – despite the marketing - TheHotel is NOT a boutique. It is a 60+ story mega hotel. It has more than 1000 rooms. In any hotel that size, the service can occasionally be lousy. And its facilities are combined with the Mandalay Bay (3000+ rooms), which can complicate matters even more. A FedEx package delivered at 10am to the hotel couldn’t be tracked down until after noon, and getting a bellman to help you can take 30 minutes. It is just a giant hotel complex, so the personal touch simply doesn’t exist. • Pool: Best described as “Adult Disneyland”. For many 20 and 30 somethings, the Mandalay pool complex is Vegas at its best. Sexy, fun, skimpy and boozy. For others, well it may be a bit much. The poolside casinos were a personal favorite. Note: Being from TheHotel offers no added pool benefit vs. the Mandalay guests. You’ll be out there with a couple thousand people on a sunny weekend day. Competition for lounge chairs can be ruthless. • Cabana: Wow, THAT was a serious waste of money. We paid $300 for a simple cabana, and were really disappointed. Dark, dingy and remote. The photos online make it seem a lot more impressive. I’d skip it next time around. To get something really cool will take about $600-$1000 (and if you’ve got that kind of cash lying around, more power to you). • Food: TheHotel has Mix (the club/bar/lounge on the 60th floor), a café, and a simple restaurant. Mix is pretty cool, the rest are forgettable. But the Mandalay complex must have at least 30 food options (of all types) within a 15 minute walk. • Spa: My wife got a massage and said it was great, but wished she’d allocated more time to enjoy the facilities (which were great apparently)TheHotel is how I like to imagine the Vegas experience: Fun, sexy, hip and exciting (we all know the typical Vegas reality is often starkly different). On the downside, it can be expensive and the costs will add up. Unless you’re a high-roller, the prices can be a bit steep, and every perk costs a little extra. There are no freebies here. But, for those who want to indulge and experience the classier side of Vegas, this is a great option. We love it. We’ll be back for sure.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great bathrooms	We just returned from 4 nights here. We chose it for the decor, the 1 1/2 bathrooms &amp; the beach. The decor was sleek, but a little drab - it needed punches of color instead of it's mostly shades of grey. The lighting was very poor, so it was hard to put on makeup. The room was showing some wear - scraped up furniture, torn desk chair, etc. The bathtub is great - very deep tub and beautiful water spout. The beach area was so much fun - we went down every morning to play in the waves &amp; the lazy river. The walk wasn't that bad to the beach - maybe 5-10 minutes. Housekeeping was terrible - they got worse and worse each day. They threw out our exisiting soaps and lotions and didn't replace them. When we tried to get more, they would only allow us one. They made up the beds crooked &amp; just stacked out pillows in the center of the bed instead of placing them correctly. We got good service the first morning - that must be because we tipped really good the first time. The less we tipped, the worse service became.The Mandalay casino is very clean &amp; just a couple minutes walk from THE Hotel. There is a bus stop across the street for north bound hotels and there is also a stop right outside Mandalay if you are coming from the north.Even though we had bad housekeeping &amp; some scratched up furniture, I'd probably stay here again if it was a good price. The beach area was just too much fun to not do again. If you are looking for more luxury though, I'd recommend the Palazzo. They have many more ameneties and the rooms seem bigger than the ones here. Palazzo also has better sound proofing.	
Oct 4 2008 	Loved it probably one of the best in Vegas	This place is great and adult only so no kids yey !Rooms are great and suite like - very clean and beautiful decor, we had a great view.Hotel complex is great, modern and a spa to die for loved it.On a negative no tea and coffee making facilities and you pay for everything so to use the gym, etc etcWe paid extra to sit in the adults only beach and they had music booming out at 10.30am the average age profile was 40's and when a few of us asked for it to be turned down we were told the beach was actually a club and the music was controlled by satilllite ......?? Oh please ! The private beach was tacky and something akin to playboy mansion - just not what we expected or wanted and other residents felt the same.The hotel has a resturant to die for called Mix - which is Alan Du Casse and we had the tasting menu - beautiful and the service was just excellent. The mix also has a lounge/bar with in my opinion some of the best views in VegasAll in all well done just sort the private beach out !	
Oct 4 2008 	Peaceful Stay and Getaway	My husband and I (aged 41 &amp; 40) stayed for 4 nights starting on Sept. 28, 2008. This is our second stay at TheHotel and I am very pleased. I love being at the end of the strip where it's not always super crowded. We had a rental car - so we just drove wherever we wanted to. The first night we drove up to the Bellagio, which is about mid-strip, and there were so many people walking the strip and in the hotel that after a couple hours we were ready for our escape back to TheHotel. The people were so thick, cars couldn't pass and that is no exaggeration.The Hotel is modern with a clean minimalist decor. The Suite rooms are extremly cozy and suit my taste - darker decor but lots of lamps to brighten it up if desired. The suites are the perfect size for a couple. The half bath was a delight. I love their bath products as well.My only complaint about the hotel was the price of the food. In some instances the cost soars beyond pricy into insulting levels. I do not mind dropping coin on meals and atmosphere - but as I said - insulting. We ate at the Border Grill the first night and the food was excellent. I also recommend Trattoria Del Lupo. The portions were large and I tried very hard to down the whole thing but couldn't.As with any large hotel, prepare yourself for lots of walking. I couldn't imagine how all the heeled ladies were getting around and still having a good time.We left $5 everyday and had a clean room and the extra 3 pillows we requested. I never heard a peep from other guests - not even slamming doors. The walls must be thick. (I couldn't seem to do anything about my husband snoring and I was tempted to put him out in the hall a couple times.) I travel for a living and my expectations in most things are very low because I've seen it all over the years. I always go into travel situations expecting that things may not always be perfect - so I'm rarely disappointed. With that said, I highly recommend this hotel - it's relaxing, fun, and upscale.	
Oct 3 2008 	Quiet Adult-only Hotel at the very end of the strip	For clarification- THE Hotel is a seperate, slightly higher-end, all-suite hotel that is within the Mandalay Bay Hotel-Casino complex. They share a casino, restaurants/bars and pool, but is its own seperate tower, connected to the rest of Mandalay by a long hallway. It has its own check-in/lobby and distinct decor. Decorated in modern style and without a theme, it seems that THE hotel strives to be the 'adult-only' hotel. It is certainly quieter, and I did not see any children in THE hotel the entire 5 days I was there. If you don't need a theme, and like the idea of escaping away from the revelry of Vegas when it's time to go to sleep, this is the place to stay. Also- GREAT bathrooms.My only complaint about The Hotel at Mandalay Bay is that it's on the VERY end of the strip (closest to the airport). It's an easy tram ride to Luxor, Excalibur, MGM &amp; New York, New York... but you have to take a $10-15 cab to any of the others....	
Oct 3 2008	Great but bring your walking shoes	THEhotel exceeded expectations on many levels. The rooms were spotless and flawlessly decorated. Customer service was great. In and of itself, THEhotel is an A+.A few drawbacks, however, result from the hotel's location. You have access to Mandalay's superb &quot;Beach&quot; including a wave pool and lazy river. While Mandalay and Four Seasons guests take a quick elevator ride to the Beach, THEhotel guests must cross the entire casino in their bathing suits, towels, and pool paraphernalia.The porte cochere and lobby are odd and underwhelming, located in the bottom of the parking structure rather than the grandiose entrances of almost every other Strip hotel. One can only assume that the hotel was made to be intentionally difficult to navigate to make it seem more exclusive. First time visitors to Vegas must realize that Mandalay Bay and THEhotel are quite far from the other desirable areas of the Strip in terms of restaurants, shows and nightlife. This is not a walk you want to take late at night (it's safe, just long!). It seems like a manageable distance, but in 100+ degree dry heat it quickly becomes an exhausting affair even for the fittest of walkers.If you can tolerate the endless &quot;THE______&quot; naming devices plastered all over the rooms and public spaces (THEshop, THEcafe, even THEtp), you're in for a refreshingly mellow, luxurious and refined Vegas experience.	
Oct 2 2008 	Love this hotel!!!!!	Me and my boyfriend stayed at THE Hotel for 5 nights in Sept and it was absolutely fab!! From the minute we arrived I loved the hotel and Vegas. This hotel is a lot more chilled than other hotels on the strip as they don't have a casino and I think it's catered more towards the couples rather than families. The check in staff on reception were so nice and very helpful (infact everyone in Vegas was lovely) The hotel room was fab like a luxury apartment. Huge comfy bed and plasma tv in the bedroom and plasma tv in the sitting room. The bathroom was really big with a fab shower. The only down side with the room was the lack of natural light in the rooms. (when your getting ready at night it can be a bit of a nitemare, but the light in the bathroom was fine) We only sat around the pool one morning and after reading the reviews I thought the pool area would be really busy so we went down for a sunbed at 8.30am. We didn't really need to go down that early though as it didn't start to get busy until about 11.30am. The only bad thing about the pool was the lack of parasols (infact I didn't see a single one). The sun was soooooo hot and having no shade was a bit of a nightmare!! If you stay in this hotel I advised you to go for drinks in the MIx lounge bar. The view from the 64th floor of the strip is amazing. Get there early to get an outside seat though (after 10pm I think it's reserved for bottle customers only) We went to see the 'O' Cirque show and it was amazing. Wear something warm though as the theatre is freezing off the air con and your in there for about 2 - 3 hours. We absolutely loved vegas and will defo be returning. I would definately stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Best on The Strip!	This has got to be the best hotel on The Strip. Visited some of the others, which, in comparison, looked tired and dated. Yes, you don't get a kettle and you have to pay for everything, but that's par for the course in most top notch hotels isn't it? The room was luxurious, the hotel spotless, staff excellent and a fine casino to rid you of any excess cash - I came out $20 up! There is food fine food to be found at reasonable cost available at the hotel, but don't leave without trying the Indoor Skydiving at the top of The Strip (near the Stratosphere)!	
Sep 29 2008 	Has Pluses 	We stayed at The Hotel for a long weekend with the cost of the suite picked up by the player's club. The suites are reasonably nice and spacious, ours was clean enough, the bathroom is good with adequate amenities and pretty standard for Las Vegas. However, both Friday and Saturday nights we were awakened around 2:00AM by loud noise from the MIX club 32 stories above our room; The Hotel seems to appeal to the younger crowd. We enjoyed meals in the buffet and Raffle's coffee shop. We were so disappointed with MIX RESTURANT because the food was pretty good but grossly too expensive, the wine steward had a condesending attitude, and we were seated at the middle of three tables situated very close together.	
Sep 27 2008	The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay	This was our third time staying at the Hotel at Mandalay Bay it's still a very good hotel just the carpet needs to be replaced due too normal wear. They also need to replaced the matress it was softer than the last time we were there which was about two years ago. Still the room was kept clean and we had plenty of towels each day and the room was clean before we got back each day. We ate at a few of their restaurant like the China Grill the food and service was excellent. The Burger Bar the food and service was excellent the restaurant was crowded and noisy. We ate at the Cafe also a very good restaurant the food and service was good. I think pretty much think all the restaurants in Mandalay Bay are very good. We ate at Fat Burger on the strip the burgers was not good and the service was not up to par we had a five minute wait on our beverages which were milk shakes, and had to ask for them twice. The weather was great we thought it was going to be vey hot but during the week of labor day it was not so bad I think the temperature did not get above the mid 90's. All in All a great trip for 2008 getting ready for 2009, hopefully we can stay at one of the new hotels if the price range is in our budget.	
Sep 26 2008 	very luxurious	Very nice hotel, beds comfortable, bath fantastic, housekeeping good. Pool area very popular with children. overall a very good hotel	
Sep 25 2008 	Loud Music at the Pool past 10:30pm. Wont be back ever!!!	Stayed here during a conference. The hotel itself is nice but not the service. Charges for wireless, &quot;personal refrigeration&quot;, no coffee maker.The worse thing ever is you cannot enjoy peace and quiet in your room until after 10:45. The music at the poolside played way past the 10:30pm I was told by the frontdesk. The music is very loud you cannot even enjoy watching tv in your room. Let alone have a rest in the room you have paid good money for. I stayed from Monday to Thursday and it happened every single night and its not a one time event. My recommendation is to avoid this hotel if you can.Never again will I stay in this hotel and I will make sure all my family and friends knows about this as well.	
Sep 24 2008 	Good	The Hotel was a good choice. The rooms were a good value. The color schem was dark, but after a while you get used to it. The hotel facilites were excellent. The only negative was the housekeeping. They did a poor job. The gym and pool were good. The variety of restaurants was also good.	
Sep 22 2008 	Loved "The Hotel"	I loved the design of The Hotel. They &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a V Suite, these are just the suites on the edges of the hotel. They are slightly bigger, but not really much of an upgrade (although I appreciated it). The service we received was great, although you really cannot expect much from a huge hotel in Las Vegas.We really loved the toiletries, they smelled great. I was there for a conference at Mandalay Bay, however it was still quite a walk to get to the convention center, although it was nice not to have to go out side. Even in September it is still hot in Vegas.We spent most of our recreational time outside the hotel, but did use the pool, which is the nicest in Vegas, lazy river, wave pool, private pools etc.I would definitely stay at The Hotel again, although my wife still likes the Venetian better. She felt like The Hotel was a little too business and not as much recreation...	
Sep 22 2008 	THEhotel - Somewhat Disappointing	In a nutshell this is a nice hotel, but unless they spiff up the rooms a bit, it may not be the lap of luxury that the advertising suggests, and having to share the very popular Mandalay Bay pool area, which is a combination of a kid's waterpark, and a spring break frat party, is disappointing. THEhotel does have a cool factor in its design, and the suites are very roomy and comfortable, but beyond that, things deteriorate a bit. Aside from what I already mentioned, the room was a bit worn for the price being paid. The carpet was fraying in a couple spots, there was a broken handle on the night stand, and the TV reception was awful. In addition to poor TV quality, the two larger sets in the living room and bedroom only seemed to have 2 volume settings: too loud, or too quiet. Then there is the pool. I usually spend one day lounging at the pool on a Vegas trip, and this time I decided to rent a cabana. This was no small expense - it was close to $350 for the day - this is more than the cost of the room upstairs. One day prior to my cabana rental date, my wife and I took a walk around the extremely crowded pool area and checked out the cabanas to see what we were getting for the money. The cabanas were set up practically right on top of each other, and had only thin fabric walls to filter out surrounding noise (other guests, screaming children, televisions in other cabanas, and the constant, thumping club music that is played throughout the pool area). The &quot;patio&quot; in front of the cabana offered you just a few square feet of the regular pool deck, and due to the overcrowding, other guests were virtually in your lap. We canceled the cabana reservation and went to the spa instead, which was decent.	
Sep 22 2008 	Deprivation and Surly Natives at the Bay	Went for the pool as my brother-in-law likes the Caribbean and it was his b-day. The property and room was nice but it is weird that they charge for things that places like the Comfort Inn mentioned below give for free. Had to go across the street and buy vodka and sneak it into the pool to avoid the $28 for two drinks. They even charge for the lazy river inner tube so get one at the drugstore on the strip. The pool complex closes at 6pm so forget a swim after cruising the strip. Servers and even the guy at the concierge desk were brusque and dismissive (we're not young and hot- anymore). We like to walk so it was not a problem to take the tram to the strip and then walk across the street to the MGM and the monorail but inactive people won't like it.	
Sep 21 2008 	Will not be returning!	Just spent 4 nights at theHotel. I was really looking forward to treating myself and my partner to a wonderful time at a hotel that is supposed to be top notch. I have to say that I was really disappointed!When we arrived at 10 p.m., I was told that the Non-smoking, King Bed that we booked was unavailable. In fact, there were NO non-smoking suites at all and we would have to move the following day. The individual who booked us in was unapologetic and completely indifferent. I have asthma and sleeping in a room permeated with smoke was awful! The front desk staff advised that a non-smoking, king suite with a strip view would be given to us the following day. So, we checked at the front desk at 1:00 p.m. the next day to get our new room and were told very rudely that NO rooms are guaranteed, there was no strip view and that we could come back at 5:00 for a strip view. At this point, I just want a room and agree to any non-smoking room! For the inconvenience, I wanted them to do something for us so they comped us $100 for food (which gave us 2 breakfasts and a lunch in the hotel). That was not given without speaking with another staff member. I observed others being checked in - for example, business travellers who seemed to be getting the royal treatment with the staff gushing over them. It seemed to us that a &quot;regular joe&quot; was given the bare minimum in terms of customer service. I found most of the staff that I encountered quite snotty.When we checked out, we were told that we owed money from one restaurant and a ridiculous amount of money from the mini-bar! We didn't even open the door to the mini bar. With investigation by the front desk, one restaurant bill wasn't transferred and, apparently, the mini bar charge was from a previous guest (yeah, sure!) In the end, we didn't owe anything and it was taken care of.I was really expecting so much more from theHotel. Yes, the hotel is beautiful, the suites are huge (found toenail clippings and hair in the bathroom....yeeeeesh!) but I felt that the staff honestly didn't care about their guests. I think staff are becoming apathetic because they know that someone will always be filling their beds!After this experience, I won't be returning to Vegas for a while. Save your money - I'd rather scrimp and save to stay at the Palazzo the next go around!	
Sep 18 2008 	Won't bother again	Had a 2-centre holiday - one week at Comfort Inn (yes, I know!!) and another week at Mandalay. Give me the Comfort Inn any day - free beverages, free breakfast and free internet and a fridge to keep a cold one (or two!) in! Plus a free shuttle up to the strip.Not even an in-room kettle at Mandalay - the fridge was there for mini-bar items and you couldn't move anything to make room as it was all &quot;electronically&quot; charged to your room as soon as it was moved. Internet was $15.99 a DAY?! We were on 33rd floor and the views were amazing but the lift ride up was nauseating.Wish I'd saved my money (more for the tables!) and had a fortnight at the Comfort Inn.	
Sep 17 2008	A Class Above	I've stayed at a lot of Vegas Hotels over the years: Golden Nugget, Binions, Mirage, Sahara, Rio and this place stands above them for quality and serviceI got a great deal on a suite with strip views and always felt like a VIP whilst there which I guess is part of the Vegas magic	
Sep 16 2008 	Outstanding!!!!	I just returned from a weekend at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay with my girlfriends and the best way to describe it is - WOW!! I will never stay anywhere else in Vegas!I arrived in Vegas early and was expecting to wait until the standard 3pm check-in time. To my surprise, my suite was available and I was in it by 9:45am. I requested a mini-frig for our room and it was delivered in 10 minutes.The room was VERY clean, well stocked, beautifully decorated and had tons of storage space for 3 women - even with all of our shoes, clothes, etc. LOL. We reserved a slightly larger suite that had both a full and half bath! Made for getting ready so much easier! The room had 2 large plasma TV's, sunken tub, wetbar, huge couch, etc. My girlfriends fell in love with the plush robes! To save $$, be sure to get the mini-frig for your room. The wetbar is stocked with a shaker, glasses, bottle openers, etc.The staff and service were great!!! Had to call for wake-up calls, extra towels, etc. and everytime they addressed me by name and made me feel like I was their priority!Don't waste your time at the club at the top of the hotel called MIX. Put our name on the list when I checked in and still had to wait when we got there at 1am. Club is small/narrow and has a very small dance floor. Outside balcony is reserved for VIP/bottle service so we couldn't go out for the view and fresh air. Not a lot of sitting space unless you get bottle service. Left after 10 minutes!The pools at Mandalay Bay aren't too far of a walk from THEhotel side and are nice. Word of advice - GET THERE EARLY if you want a chair in the main beach area. Or spend a lot of $$ and book a cabana! There are a few smaller pools off the beach area and those get busy too. Didn't go in the lazy river because it was packed. Discovered the South Lagoon Pool and it had plenty of seats - probably because the action (music, wave pool, lazy river and bar &amp; grill) is at the main pool. Plus, It had a direct view of the Mandalay Convention Center's large parking lot so you don't feel as removed from the &quot;real world&quot; there.There's so much to do between THEhotel and Mandalay Bay Resort that you don't ever have to leave. Lots of restaurants, bars, cafe, pools, spas, shows, clubs, etc! My girlfriends and I enjoyed it so much that we're already planning our next trip there!	
Sep 15 2008 	Amazing!!	If you want to experience Vegas but be in a hotel without all the casino machines &amp; tables as soon as you walk out of the elevator, this is your hotel! The staff were friendly and informative and handled any issues I had quickly! This is the only hotel for me in Vegas!!	
Sep 13 2008 	We were treated extremely well by everyone!	We recently stayed at The Hotel in September for the Superzoo trade show. We were seeking a place where we can do as much or as little as we wanted. This was a fantastic experience. For starters, the property is located next to the airport, so it was a very short (for Vegas) cab ride of less than 15 minutes. Checkin was a breeze. We had requested early checkin in hopes of being in by 2 0r 3 PM, but we actually able to get in at 10AM! Granted, this was a Monday arrival and the weekends are no doubt far busier. Our room was spotless, just be sure to turn on the AC when you get in as it seems they are on a timer for every couple hours or so. I would do the same thing if I had to chill over 1000 rooms. We had one pleasant experience after another with staff. The Bayside buffet offers great value when compared to room service and similiar options. If you are a caviar fan, the Red Square offered a happy hour 4-6 including free caviar with minimum drink purchase. The beach and wave pool were great, although it got crowded as the week filled in. Even still, we were not lacking for attention with drink service. Same true for the casino. We were well cared for and will definitely return.	
Sep 12 2008 	Boutique Hotel in this Metropolis	Great Boutique type experience, even though connected with the Mandalay Bay. Fabulous Spa and all the other usual America pomp and ceremony.	
Sep 10 2008 	TheHotel has TheWorst service in Vegas	Looked forward to TheHotel's stylish contemporary vibe, and x-large &quot;V-Suites.&quot; Decor &amp; size of room did not disappoint, but service was sub-par for expensive ($300-400/nite) room. Robes &amp; slippers appeared only after calling housekeeping, toiletries were never replenished during our 4 day stay (until we ran out and again called housekeeping), TV remote was missing from room, and this very large suite had a single small wardrobe which was inadequate for 2 adults on a 4 day visit (and we don't bring a lot of &quot;outfits&quot;). Biggest problem was the pool. Lovely pool complex, but a long walk thru the parking garage, or even longer walk thru casino to reach pool. And, inexcusably rude treatment from a pool attendant on a quiet weekday afternoon. Towels were too small to fully cover the beach chairs, and we requested a 2nd towel. Attendant refused to provide a 2nd towel to each of us (3 guests), which prompted a 45 minute call first to the concierge, then a front desk staffer, and finally front desk manager @ TheHotel. Their &quot;rules&quot; don't permit more than 1 towel/guest, but they &quot;would make an exception&quot; for me. When I returned to the pool after the calls, the attendant gave me 1 towel, &amp; when I said &quot;but we are 3 people&quot; I got some kind of answer along the lines of &quot;so what, 3? It's just another number. 3 + 1 make 4, 3 + 3 make 6,&quot; and so on, and he still refused to provide me with the 3 towels requested He did everything but give me the finger! We brought friends along for their 1st visit to Las Vegas, and as their host, I was terribly embarrassed by the treatment we received. I have never had an issue like this (having to beg for a 2nd towel), nor have I ever encountered rudeness from any hotel staff member, ever. I rarely ask for anything, and almost never have complaints. TheHotel's &quot;pool policy&quot; (allowing for only a single towel) &amp; staff problem would have been disappointing at a low-end motel, but was really outrageous at a hotel which promotes itself as a luxury property. Hotels are in the service business, and no matter how stylish the decor, mediocre housekeeping and rude service by staff are inexcusable. We paid 4 star prices, avoided low-cost deals, and received 1 star service.	
Sep 10 2008 	Wonderful!	We stayed here in May for our wedding, the hotel is beautiful and you really feel you are living in luxury! I’d highly recommend a V Suite room as we had a fantastic corner suite with amazing views; some friends in the same hotel with standard rooms had far more restricted views.The spa is lovely and is a pleasant way to spend a few hours as is the pool where you can people watch and listen to the (fake) waves rolling in. The Mix is a fabulous bar at the top of the hotel with a balcony looking over Vegas, although sadly we weren’t allowed onto the balcony any of the evenings as they always had a private party which was a real shame. Also note that the residents lift to the Mix stops quite early so you have to use the public lift and pay to get in, although the public lift is great fun, made of glass and on the outside of the hotel (not for anyone with a fear of heights!) I’d still recommend using the residential route and going there first or at least early in your evening!We loved The Hotel and even though it is probably less friendly than some others on the strip it felt more elegant and relaxed than the others.	
Sep 9 2008 	take your lady and be 'rewarded'	I have been at in a lot of Hotels in Las Vegas since 1995 and The Hotel at Mandalay, while not cheap, is the finest room for the money that i have found. I give it 4 stars, while the Hard Rock Hotel would only get 2..	
Sep 7 2008 	Pricey choice on the Las Vegas strip	Finally getting around to posting this after staying there two weeks ago – sorry about the delay.Getting to the hotel from the airport is a breeze and surprisingly the traffic on LVB on a Friday night wasn’t horrendous. My sister and I arrived at the hotel around 9:00 PM and didn’t have much of a wait. We were offered a king room even though I had reserved a room with two doubles. I was told it was late (9:00 PM is late?!?!?) and nothing else was available, but they could downgrade us for one night and then move us the next morning to a suite with two doubles. We were only staying for three nights so I wasn’t interested in unpacking, packing and unpacking again so I told them the king room was fine – it’s my sister after all, I’m used to her cooties &lt;LOL&gt;. I was then informed they only had a handicap accessible room available and would that be fine? I didn’t see us as having any other choices so I accepted the room. I completely understand stuff happens and you don’t always get the room you want, but why does this always seem to happen to me? We didn’t need a room with a fabulous room and I find it hard to believe they had nothing left but a king/handicap accessible room. My guess is they didn’t want to upgrade me to a nicer room at no charge.We arrived at the room which wasn’t too far from the elevator. I was little concerned at the potential noise level, but it never bothered me – my sister on the other hand was somewhat bothered by it. The living room was nice and spacious and having a ½ bath is great when someone else is using the other bathroom. For me, having a mini bar isn’t necessary due to the cost of the goods, I’d much rather have a mini fridge to store my beverages in and I was disappointed we didn’t have that option. The bedroom appeared to have queen bed rather than a king, but I wasn’t sure and I didn’t want to call down to the front desk and sound like a moron. It seemed like it was the same size as my bed at home (a queen) – dunno, maybe I was wrong. The bathroom on the other hand was a real letdown. We didn’t have the nice marble enclosures the other rooms had, but instead the shower and tub were the fiberglass units many of us have at home. What a bummer. In addition, they weren’t very appealing to look at. Both the shower and tub bottoms were stained with soap scum. A little elbow grease, a scrub brush, and bleach works for me – they should give it a try. Not to mention, by the time either of us were done taking a shower we were standing in ankle deep water. I tried on three separate occasions to contact housekeeping/maintenance about fixing it, but ended up on hold for five minutes before giving up. Sorry, but I was in Vegas to have a good time, not to sit around and wait for someone to pick up the phone. We chose to deal with it and make the most of our trip.My sister passed out on the couch a couple of nights and complained of the noise during the night. I never heard anything, but I’m a heavy sleeper. She said the noise coming the adjoining room door was unbearable and she could clearly hear people in the hallway. I’ve typically found this to be a problem with many hotels in Vegas and have simply chalked it up to “that’s the way it is.” The walls are thin in Vegas &lt;shrug&gt;.We hit the pool rather late on Saturday and that was a HUGE mistake. If you’re not down there by an early hour you can forget finding a chair. This doesn’t hold true for every day, just Saturday. We spent half an hour searching for a chair and then gave up. We staked out a parcel of sand and laid out our towels. BEWARE: during the summer, by noon the sand is too hot to walk on – flip flops are a must. I managed to grab us some chairs after an hour or so and we enjoyed the rest of our day by the pool. The wait staff was wonderful and always managed to keep our glasses filled. It was hot though, we spent most of our time sitting in the pool and drinking our beverages. God, you’ve gotta love Vegas.All in all it was a good stay and I wish we had more time to stay there. I’m not exactly sure if I’d stay there again as it’s rather pricey and if you’re only going to sleep there I really can’t justify paying that kind of money. In addition, having to deal with the crowds at the pool is a bit of a drag. If you’re really looking to splurge the Signature at MGM may be a better choice.	
Sep 7 2008 	Definitely a great choice in Vegas	My fiance and I just returned from a 3 night stay at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. This was our fourth trip to Vegas - and have previously stayed at Mandalay Bay, Bellagio and the Venetian.The Hotel is a very nice and elegant hotel, where as soon as you walk in you no longer feel like you are in Vegas. There is no dinging from the slot machines, no large hords of conventioneers roaming around. However, a short walk away gets you into Mandalay Bay where you can find all that you want - casino, shops, many restaurants, etc. Our suite was very nicely designed, with separate living and sleeping areas, as well as two baths. However just like during our stay last year at Mandalay Bay, housekeeping leaves a lot to be desired. The floors in both of the bathrooms were definitely dirty (stains, hair, etc) which made it clear that they are not properly cleaned. Also, for being a fairly new hotel, the furniture in our suite was pretty dinged up. Again, just like last year we had a &quot;pool&quot; view, which means a view of the pool as well as the airport. However, we paid very little for the room so I am not complaining about that.. just know that that is what a pool view is.The front desk staff was very nice, however when we checked in, we had to wait a good half hour in a long line to do so. And when we called for our bags to be brought up to our room, it took almost an hour and 4 calls from the bellman (asking, are we really staying at The Hotel and not the regular Mandalay Bay? &quot;Um.. aren't you calling us in our room at the Hotel???&quot;) they finally located our bags and brought them up.The bed was extremely comfortable, and I loved the TV in the bathroom. Due to the layout, you cannot hear anything happening in the hallway in the bedroom of the suites, so it was very quiet.All in all, I would definitely stay at this property again. All of the Vegas properties have their issues due to their shear size.. and the sereneness of The Hotel was very welcome.	
Sep 5 2008 	EVERYTHING PERFECT AT THE HOTEL	i cannot speak highly enough of this hotel. every member of staff was polite and helpful, and would always make conversation with me which i would always appreciate, so i don't understand when people say there is bad servise here, although i didnt order room service or have any billing issues so i can't speak for that.the photo's of the rooms do not do them justice, they are massive and really well decorated, and not as dark as they look. the bath and shower were amazing and the bed was so comfortable. also, the pay-per-view movies were great, they have films that are only just at the cinema and not out on dvd yet.the location i think is an advantage because it is alot less busy around the south end, and still a short walk or bus ride to the centre of the strip!! the atmosphere in the hotel is alot better than other more central hotels, as you do need to go through a smokey casino with your luggage to get to the lobby.i have also posted reviews of moorea beach club and shark reef if u want any info on themi would definately stay here again, without a doubt. i loved it.	
Sep 4 2008 	Nice but...	Checked out a room with THE hotel when I had to switch hotels after a bad experience at Luxor. Decent suites, so we booked a one night stay at a pretty good price since it was in the middle of the week ($149). Was impressed by the room's decor and size. However, took a closer look at the cleanliness of everything (mostly the bathroom) and did not feel it met my expectations of the hotel. The toilet area/water closet in the main bathroom had dust, hair and a small bit of toilet paper behind the door, it just looked like it wasn't cleaned. The shower door didn't close easily and I found it was because the rubber strip on the bottom of the door (that stops the water from coming out under the door) had become separated from the door and was hanging down the side of the shower. Also, there were little bits of mold in the corners of the shower, which were difficult to see due to the dark grout. Anyways, I had already switched hotels and switched rooms twice at the previous hotel, so I was just tired of complaining and moving all around. We stayed there the night and decided not to complain once we checked out. It was a decent stay, but I think from now on we'll be at the Palazzo.	
Sep 3 2008 	Fantastic!!	This hotel is fantastic, chic, modern and spacious. A welcome relief from manic Vegas and little place of calm. We loved it, got married in the Mandalay bay chapel and had reception on 64th floor - at MIX. It was exceptional. Everything was perfect, a little pricy but was so well done. Rooms great, roomy, great views.	
