Nov 17 2009 	Good value for money	Vegas was the best starting point for my this years holiday with my wife. As we were in Vegas before, we did not had intentions to spend much time on the strip and after checking the prices for the hotels there, we decided that we rather save some $$$ and look for an off strip hotel. Based on the reviews here I selected Candlewood which was avaiable for some 50$ at the time I booked. For that price it offered all I needed. A nice clean room (we had a suite), free internet and it was not far away from the strip. If you are looking for good value for money hotel which does not necessarily be on the strip, then Candlewood should be one of your options	
Nov 11 2009 	Know what you should expect and you'll like this place	This hotel is all about the expectations. This is an extended stay hotel without daily housekeeping and is meant for longer term stays for people who want to stay at a place that’s kind of like an apartment with more ‘homelike’ features than a typical hotel room.In reading some of the previous reviews, I see where there were some people who did not like this hotel, most likely because they had expectations that were too high.My expectations weren’t so high and I ended up really actually liking this place. We stayed here two nights for fun and then transferred to a conference at the Planet Hollywood hotel for three nights. If I came back, I’d much rather stay here at the Candlewood where I can get a better room (albeit smaller) for one fifth the price, even though its four blocks off the strip.The rooms are smallish but they are very easy to get around in (they’re great if you are mobility impaired) and despite the size, they have everything you need to feel at home…a full fridge, cook top stove, microwave, coffeemaker and plates, dishes and utensils for two. We had a basic single queen. The sleeping area seemed a bit small but the kitchen was fine, the desk area doubles as a place to eat and the bathroom was big enough for two people to get ready in.There were a few things that were not likable. At check in, you’ll notice the carpets are a bit dirty and worn and the rooms when you first walk in have a bit of a musty smell, probably because the rooms aren’t cleaned everyday. You might be able to ask for fresh towels each day. But the smell is only slight and you get used to it quickly. The parking lot has plenty of spaces but is laid out a little awkwardly. And, the hotel is not on the strip. It’s about a five block walk that is doable if you have good shoes. But even then its just a few dollars for a cab.But don’t let that deter you from the good things about the hotel. First, you can’t beat the price. There are some cheaper places but they are real dumps. This place is far from that. The staff was very, very friendly and helpful.They also have a well stocked honor pantry right next to the front desk. It has much more than just a few snacks. They have some things that are easy to make into a quick full meal in your room, like soups and microwavable dinners. And the prices are very reasonable, in some cases cheaper than a convenience store.The hotel also has free self laundry service on each floor. (You pay a little for the soap and softener…but the machines are free). Again, if you are a long term stay, this is a godsend. You don’t have to go to a Laundromat and you get to keep your quarters for other Las Vegas enterprises.The amenities in the bathroom weren’t the greatest but the towels in the bathrooms were actually pretty nice (way better than the ones we got later in the week at Planet Hollywood Resort). Since they don’t change them out every day, the towels are thicker and more homelike. The shower and tub surround looked newer but the faucet and shower head weren’t new. Once I turned it on, I figured out why. Don’t change out what’s not broken. The shower had plenty of hot water and the water pressure was great….like 10 times better than the chintzy water stream at Planet Hollywood. It was hot in the room when we checked in but the room temperature control worked very well and you could set the specific temperature you wanted and it worked well right away. The A/C unit was a little loud but it did an excellent job getting the exact temperature I wanted and keeping it that way.The free Wi-Fi was appreciated but a bit on the slow side.Since there is so much to do in Las Vegas, it is unlikely you are going to spend a lot of time in your hotel, but if you want to save some money and maybe even try to make some of your own food, you should strongly consider this hotel. It will save you money and let you keep more of it to spend on other things in Vegas, which if you know Vegas, you’ll need plenty of money for.	
Nov 5 2009 	Very good Cheap Adress... Family oriented	First you need a car...Clean , aged but clean and very friendly service people...Rooms are big (we had a suite), very quiet, lot's of amenities not far from the action...Nice ... to be recommended except if you want to gamble and party all night but for visiting Vegas at a very reasonnable price: The best.	
Oct 12 2009 	Comfortable Home Away From Home Hotel	This is a home away from home hotel. In the kitchen there is everything you need except an oven. But with so many places to eat near the hotel and at Vegas, theres no need to cook. Having the fridge is great, no need to go down the hall to get ice. The 1 bedroom room was on the smallish side with a queen bed. The sofabed in the living room was next to the A/C so it can get quite cold. This is a longer stay hotel so there is no daily housekeeping. We stayed 3 nights and there was no housekeeping. Staff was friendly and nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	The first extended stay hotel that I'd WANT to stay in for an extended time	Spent three nights here, my first time in Las Vegas that I have NOT stayed on the Strip, and it made for a better experience. There was a (cheap!) snack pantry on site, in-room kitchenette, televisions in the living room and bedroom, and free wi-fi. The hotel was clean, quiet, and only a 15 minute walk to Las Vegas Blvd.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not what we expected	We had never stayed at the Candlewood chain before, so we didn't know what to expect. At check-in, we were greeted promptly and provided all the info about the property. We went to our room and immediately walked out. The room has a weird &quot;Motel 6&quot; odor and we knew we couldn't sleep here for the night. The room was prepaid and the cost was very little. So, no harm done as we went to the strip and stayed at one of the better trip hotels.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good price but bad location	It is a bit far from the strip. but the room is not that bad. it has a kitchen inside your room. so you can cook if you want to. Best if you rent car when you book this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	It was just OK	We stayed 6 days there and the experience was just ok. The location was good, very close to the strips. The room did have some sort of smell though... Since they dont provide daily housekeeping, you prob have to shop in Walmart first so you dont spend much on getting things later. Be aware, they even charge .75 for coffee, which you are supposed to get for free if the hotel provides daily housekeeping serv. The booking sys was a mess... we made two seperate reservations. When we checked in, we were told everything was taken care of and there was no need to recheck in. However, two strangers tried to open our room one day and the hotel then found of the second reservation was shown as &quot;no-show&quot; in their system. Overall, it is a good family hotel since you do have a big fridge and kitchen. But... how would cook every single day while in Vegas????	
Aug 28 2009 	Very very Nice	I'm writing this from my room, checkin was a breeze. I heard someone complain about the long hallways sometime with an odor. This hotel is used as long term for some,...Sooo people are cooking their food instead of going out to get it.You don't sleep in the hallways so get over it.Rooms VERY clean everything is provided.Free internet most strip hotels charge $14.99/day.You can ever take the Bus from the airport if you like.Route 108 or 109 not exactly sure.The honor system store is great.Great prices, 50 cents for a coke. NYNY charges $2.00 for the same thing.Lots of channells on TV to watch.Shower lots of pressure and good hot water(never ran out) front desk always very helpful.lots of menu's get shoved under your door.The pizza was great..The ONLY small complaint I might have is the A/C my sensor was disactivated so mine was always on(bonus) It was quite loud going on and off during the night,i woke me up a few times.I loved the beds very comfy.So in review I would recomend this to people that want to be quiet and away from the strip. I personally would not stay here gain myself (no fault of the hotel itself) I'm a be on the strip and gamble if I can't sleep kinda guy.i was alone on this trip BUT if i was with my girlfriend I might return.ASk away if you have any questions.As for the pet fee complaint it says in the binder NON refundable. pet charge not deposit.	
Aug 14 2009 	Really nice hotel off The Strip	We stayed for 4 nights and thought the hotel was really nice; we like to travel on a budget and Candlewood suits us just fine.Free internet again which is an extra bonus always !	
Aug 10 2009 	Run from Candlewood	Staff was friendly but that is the only thing this hotel had. No maid service and a non-refundable pet deposit. Isn't a deposit suposed to be returned when they verify everything in the room is ok? They should call it a pet fee and then we would not have booked this hotel. La Quinta right next door does not charge a pet fee and they even have grass. Would never stay at this hotel again and I don't understand how they stay in business when their rates are higher than the casino's and the room was in need of updating.	
Aug 2 2009 	Decent stay at Candlewood Suites...	Ok, so we just got back from our 3 night stay at the Candlewood Suites in Las Vegas... and we paid $250 for the flight/hotel for 2 people... not as good a deal as the OP, but we had to book on short notice...anyhow, we booked separately (was cheaper this way) and so we had the option of using 2 separate rooms, but ended up only staying in one.the hotel is very close to the airport... had I known, probably would've taken a cab to/from airport instead of using the Gray Line roundtrip shuttle... but since we did use the shuttle, we were the first ones dropped off since we were probably the closest from the airport.The hotel is about 1.5m from the strip... too far to walk in this heat right now.. but it is right across the street from Terrible's Casino and down the street from Hard Rock Hotel. There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance too... a Bahama Breeze across the street, a japanese/sushi restaurant, Morton's, etc. There's a gas station at the corner to pick up some things if needed, but the hotel itself has the &quot;cupboard&quot; which has drinks/snacks/toiletries/etc. that you can purchase on the honor system (you either fill out a slip under your room# and pay later, or just put some cash in there)... decent free coffee there anytime as well, although there's a Starbuck's just across the street for you must have Starbucks fans...the surrounding area is a little sketchy at night... so would probably advise taking a cab at night and not walking alone. There is a bus stop at the corner of Flamingo/Paradise Rd where you can catch the 202 up to the strip... $2/each way, $4 for 24 hour pass... but this pass is not the same one that you can use on &quot;the Deuce&quot; bus that goes up/down the strip (you have to pay an additional $1/each way if you buy the regular $4 24hr pass that's used on the regular bus. However, if you purchase &quot;the Deuce&quot; bus pass for $7 for 24 hrs, then you can use it on any bus. The &quot;Deuce&quot; costs $3/each way otherwise. Had I known, I think I would've taken the $2/each way ride up to the strip, then bought the 3-day &quot;Deuce&quot; bus pass for $15 and that would've taken care of all the transportation needs for the time we were there.*Note: You can purchase these 24hr or 3 day passes as you board the bus.. but you must have exact change. Also, the Deuce can be fairly slow at night, because of the traffic, and of all the people getting on and off. You have to have exact change to buy these passes or pay the fare. But after a long day, that air-conditioned bus does feel nice...As for the rooms, they were fine.. clean, roomy, and has refrigerator/microwave/electric range/dishwasher/coffeemaker, and cups/plates/bowls/pots/pans/utensils/salt/sugar, and dishwashing liquid. They have shampoo/soap samples in the bathroom. We stocked up at the nearby Albertson's for our breakfast/snacks and that saved us more money. The air conditioner worked just fine, but it is pretty loud when it turns on/off, so if you're a light sleeper, you might have some trouble sleeping.Free Wifi in your room was a big +The bathroom was clean, towels were fine... and the bed/sheets/pillows were fine as well. You're not staying at the Bellagio or Venetian, but the accomodations were just fine.. and besides, we weren't in the rooms that much anyways. The showers worked great, and the water drained fine. *Note: this is an &quot;Extended Stay&quot; property... meaning, there is no daily maid service unless you are staying for I think 5 or more nights. However, should you need something, the front desk is more than accomodating. If you need fresh towels, you just bring them to the front desk and they will give you more new towels. The front desk staff was generally friendly and helpful.We didn't check out the pool, but it looked small on their website.What else can I say? It's a bit of a hassle to get to the strip from this location, would be ok to walk to the strip when the weather gets cooler. So we usually waited 5-10 minutes for the bus to get to/from the Strip and also used the bus to go up/down the Strip as needed. A cab ride to/from the Strip will probably run you about $6-8... to/from the airport about $12-14 probably.Overall, a decent place to shower/sleep for the price you paid and fairly close to the Strip... we had no major problems to report... walls are fairly thin, but was quiet most of the time.So our advice:1) buy either the 1-day regular bus pass to get to the Strip and pay $1 each time you use the Deuce on the Strip, or get the 3-day &quot;Deuce&quot; bus pass when you get to the Strip (you probably will pay $2 on the regular bus to get the Strip first though)2) get some snacks/water/drinks at the nearby gas station or take a bus/cab to the nearby Albertson's to stock up your fridge.3) was advised not to eat at Terrible's Casino at all cost... we did try the Wynn buffet which was excellent, though pricey =) We saw Ka at MGM and Zumanity at New York New York... both were different and both were very good (we had seen &quot;O&quot; and &quot;Mystere&quot; previously). 4) do checkout the discounts on shows that are available at www.travelzoo.com--click on Las Vegas under the &quot;Entertainment&quot; heading... feel free to ask any ?s	
Jun 3 2009 	Not what I expect from Candlewood	I booked into this hotel as it was the nearest to the strip with a kitchen. Thats probably the only good part as we had a baby with us. They switch off the AC as soon as you leave your room, so its like 85Deg when you return in summer. Even the hotel corridors are hot and humid.The rooms are clean but the bed is kindda small.. Staff was ok..	
May 6 2009 	Good accommodation if you are on a budget not too far to The Strip (1.5KM)	Stayed for 3 Nights, a little musty when we checked in, but had been travelling for 41 hours straight, so we didn't really care. Decor a little old, but we didn't really care. Air Con seemed jammed on, found out there's a 'hidden' panel on the AC unit and were finally able to turn down. Might be 1.5KM from the strip, but given we walked 4KM return each way on the North &amp; South side of the strip each day, an extra 1.5KM didn't worry us! Good thing is Flamingo (the main st you walk down to get to the strip) is in the middle (Nth/Sth) of the strip, so we were able to do the south half one day (Bellagio to Luxor) and the north half the next (Caesers to Stratosphere). Good little shop in the hotel to buy individual milks, cereals, cans of Coke etc, all about us$0.50 ea. Free WiFi too, good for iPhone!	
May 1 2009 	Adequate but....	We used Holiday Inn points to stay here, arriving a day early for a convention at Lowes Lake Las Vegas (I'll review that too). When we arrived, they told us they only had smoking rooms. When DH pitched a fit--I would have been in the ER if we had to sleep in a smoking room--as only DH can do, they came up with a nonsmoking room, which we had specified in the reservation. Therefore, I don't know if this room was typical or not. I think it might have been a little shabbier than most. Initially, the room key would not open the door from outside the hotel and some other guests let us into the building. After we straightened that out, we settled in. The furniture and decor were pretty beat. There was a big wet spot on the carpeting in the kitchen, a few feet from the sink. I didn't want to find out anymore about that, however the room was very clean--I checked out the refrigerator. Strangely, there was a huge conference room type table in the suite. It was actually convenient for our suitcases etc. . We walked to the strip, which we didnt realize was so far, past winos lounging on the street with bottles in paper bags etc We cabbed back. We did hear planes from the airport, although that wasn't a problem. The bed was fine and I really liked the sheets; they were very comfortable. By the time DH got to the breakfast place, there was no food so we had coffee and some kind of breakfast bars, which I think he had to pay for. I can see how it wouldn't be bad for a business traveller on a long stay, especially since I think our room was probably sub-standard due to the smoking issue. Bottom line: It was superior to a tent (although I do like camping).	
Mar 25 2009 	Great place to stay!	My friends and I stayed here as an alternative to camping while on a rock climbing trip to Red Rocks. It was great - front desk staff was friendly, rooms were big enough to comfortably keep all of our bags and gear and we had plenty of space to cook our own meals. It was a pretty quick drive into the mountains and a 10 minute walk to the strip - location was excellent. For being so close to the airport and the strip it was quieter than expected. Only tip - fill up your water bottle in the gym, Vegas water tastes funny.	
Dec 24 2008 	Everything you need for a comfortable stay	My husband and I spent one night here on the way home from a week in Death Valley CA. I chose the hotel in part because it is fairly close to McCarran Airport, where we were catching a flight the next morning. Despite its proximity to the airport, we heard absolutely no aircraft noise (unlike our stay a week earlier at the Best Western McCarran Inn just down the road, which seems to be right on the flight path). Neither were we disturbed by noise from other rooms. The desk clerk told me that the floor above us was vacant, but the room next door was occupied. We could hear voices in the corridor, but once inside our room, all was quiet. This was our first time at a Candlewood hotel so I don't know if it's typical of the chain, but they certainly seem to have done a good job of soundproofing this hotel inside and out.Check-in was very efficient, with lots of information about restaurants within walking distance. (There are many, with just about every ethnic cuisine you might wish for.) The hotel also has its own &quot;cupboard&quot; next to the lobby, where you can buy snacks, soft drinks, fruit, breakfast items and frozen meals. It's all on the honour system -- just take what you want and drop the money in a box. As we were tired, not particularly hungry and wanted to turn in early, we bought frozen stuff and microwaved it in the room. Not exactly home cooking let alone haute cuisine, but it was nice just to relax in the very comfortable room and watch a DVD (free, along with CDs, from the front desk).The suites are probably intended for people staying longer than one night. Each has a full-sized fridge, a microwave, a two-burner stove, a coffee-maker, a toaster, crockery and cutlery for two, a good assortment of pots, pans and utensils, and a dishwasher. They even supply dishwashing liquid if you're using the sink or powder if you use the machine. All the appliances were as clean as if they'd just been delivered from the showroom. In fact, everything in our suite was spotless.The room was spacious and the bed was comfortable, as were the pillows. The free wifi worked well, enabling us to check in for our flight and catch up on e-mail. All this for a very reasonable $75 including tax. Definitely recommended.	
Oct 4 2008 	Location Location Location	This was my 4th long-term stay at this place.The location is very convenient with a 24 Hour Kinko's across the street, steps from some excellent reasonably priced restaurants that stay open late, i.e.Firefly, Dragonfly, Musashi.There are also dozens of restaurants nearby with regular dinner hours.You can get world-class dining within minutes from this place.It's about a 5 minute drive to Bellagio or a 2 minute drive to the Hard Rock Hotel.The hotel is spotless; I've seen people cleaning the place throughout the day.The hotel has a heated pool - making swimming possible on cooler days.However, there is no landscaping around the pool area.The gym is open 24 hrs and has decent equipment.I again had the 1 bedroom suite that was well equipped for a long-term stay.The windows do open, so you can let in some fresh air.Also looks like they upgraded the mattresses since my last stay.The place is generally still in pretty good shape.Here are my Dislikes:The air conditioning is very loud. I shut it off to sleep, then I'm forced to turn it back on when the heat wakes me up.The furniture is kind of drab - the suites definitely need remodeling.I wouldn't mind it for a few days but I find it depressing after looking at it for a month. Mind you, I've seen a lot worse decor for a lot more money.I would also prefer to have a king sized bed but the hotel only has queen sized ones.The Internet is very very slow if you're trying to view video streams.They're almost unwatchable.However, the Internet speed is adequate for regular browsing.Other than those few picky complaints, the hotel is fine.The staff is very friendly and helpful.You can trust me on that because I dealt with all of them daily for almost 2 months straight with no problems.This definitely is not the Wynn but it's more than adequate.	
Sep 4 2008 	Really good!!	We were getting into town late (2am) so decided we would use a reward point night and stay at this place.I would not hesitate to reccomend this place. We really liked it. It was a clean, spacious room with lots of useful amenities. I would stay there again if I was looking to stay off strip at a good price. I wouldn't reccomend it if you want to be in the heart of the action.Great chilled out option.	
Aug 11 2008 	Okay	Chose this hotel as it is Holiday in points share hotel. The service was fine, the room was a little worn, not necessarily dirty, but in need of some updating, bathroom was small. The A/C wouldn't shut off. (Not such a bad thing in 110' heat) There are some nice extras with this chain however, they have a selection of dvd's at the front desk which you can check out for free. There is a little store also to get a snack. The room did have a full if small kitchen. The location is convenient, IF you have a car to travel to the strip. Personally I would not stay at this hotel again, but more because it doesn't fit my style of travel than any short coming on the hotels part.	
Jul 24 2008 	Roomy but front desk lady mean	Hotel is right off the Las Vegas Strip. The one bedroom suites was roomy enough to fit 5 of my girlfriends. It even had a full kitchen, but one bathroom. There's a little vanity next to the closet in the bedroom, which was very helpful. Most of the time the bathroom is the only place to get ready. The only problem I had was with the front desk lady. My friend and I went down to get extra blankets. The lady was not friendly at all. We asked for 3, but only got 2. The lady gave us an attitude. We asked for BLANKETS, but got mattress covers.?.? (How do you get that mixed up?) So we called from the room and they brought up some real blankets - Finally! The same lady brought the blankets and she was all of a sudden NICE! What a hassle!!	
Jul 16 2008 	Great deal and convenient	Stayed there one night in June before leaving to do the parks in Utah. Room and bath were clean, bed was comfy, kitchen had everything you would need for a longer stay. Pool was out of commission while we were there, but that was not a high priority for us. Everything was a short drive away and we were very pleased.For the price we paid ($75 plus tax) this was the best deal we found in Vegas!	
Jul 2 2008 	ZERO rating!!!	We stayed at Candlewood Suites at other locations, and liked the hotel very much, but this experience with the Las Vegas location was the worst of all hotel experiences I had.We checked in around 4pm. The check-in was fast, and the clerk was very nice. Went to the room, the room temperature was at 96 degrees, and the AC was not running. When we approached the AC, it started to run, and we checked the wallunit which sets the room temperature at 75 degrees. As we settled, and took a rest, the AC would stop, but when we move around, it would kick in again. That prompted us to think that there was a motion sensing device. The problem is it stops running when everything is quiet in the room, NOT when the room temperature reaches the set 75 degrees. Also, when it stops running, it makes annoying clicking noise. We reported the problem immediately, the front desk (Larry) promised to call the maintenance and get back to us. And that never occured unfortunately.We went out, and came back around midnight to a steaming 96 degree room again. The AC kicked in immediately when we entered the room. When we went to sleep, the AC would stop running after 5 minutes of quietness and completely disregard the thermostat setting. I complained to the front desk, and the lady clerk appologized, and said the whole hotel is all booked, and there is no room to switched to. We wrestled with the AC for about 2 hours, and finally, my wife cannot stand it, and went downstairs and confronted the frontdesk lady. The clerk sent an elder security man to our room to check on the AC unit. The gentleman was baffled as we were about the AC unit. Upon my wife and the gentleman's return to the front desk, miraculously two rooms are available to us to move to. The clerk said it was cancellation, and that probably would not pass the dumbest lie-detector. Cancellation at 3am, and the two vacant rooms being across the hall and next door make it hard to believe it is a coincidence.So at 3am, we moved to the room across the hall way. This room does not have a thermostat on the wall to set the temprature, and the AC was either on or off. The AC was rather noisy when it was on constantly, but at least we were able to go to sleep.When the front desk lady told me there was nothing she could do, I took her words for it, and that was the part that hurt the most. I wanted to say that to her in the morning, but she was off duty when we checked out. She offered us 50% discount, but I rather had a better stay.	
May 1 2008 	Clean roomy convienient and well located	Having been sent to Las Vegas for work purposes, I was put up for an initial two nights at the Candlewood Suites until the rest of my collegues turned up and were due to move to a Best Western. However, at the last minute we made a block booking at the Candlewood and those two nights became five. There was a little bit of kerfuffle about moving me from my initial single booking to the block booking - but the guys at the front desk handled this efficiently with the minimum of fuss.Despite the booking not being in my name (rather, it was in the name of my boss), the staff at the front desk made sure everything was okay. They explained the honour system for the &quot;cupboard&quot; and where all the facilities were. I was most impressed to see a free DVD library in operation - something that other hotels would charge an arm a leg for.The room was big and roomy (certainly enough to set-up a fair amount of computer equipment) and the kitchen was invaluable for the occasional snack, and for breakfasting. The bed was comfortable, and the recliner was a welcome break from working away for hours on end. Internet access is provided via ethernet - but is still free. They do not provide (to the best of my knowledge - I had a ton of cables due to my business trip) cables - but there's plenty of places in Las Vegas where you can get one. They filter most network protocols which makes anything other than web access extremely slow - a pain in the backside at times.The bathroom was clean, the towels fresh and clean (unlike some people have reported). I like the fact that the maid service only comes once a week - which forces you to re-use towels (although they can be exchanged for clean ones at reception) and keep things tidy yourself.The TV was big, had access to all the important channels, and there is a dual VHS and DVD player to boot.The free microwavable popcorn was a good touch. The &quot;food cupboard&quot; which is based on an honour system (i.e. you either pay in dollars there and then by dropping the notes/coins through a slot - or you fill in a little piece of paper which has the prices of the items plus the quantity you've taken of that price range, plus your room number, and drop it through the slot). The cupboard is extremely reasonably priced indeed.Location wise, it's a nice 20 minute walk to the Strip itself. Or if you're driving, everything is very accessible by the roads. It's a wonderful location for the Las Vegas Convention Centre - which is again, around a 15-20 minute walk. Over the road you have the wonderful Bahama Breeze restaurant serving a variety of Caribbean food and drink (I'd highly recommend the Aruba Red beer and the Jerk Chicken dish), as well as a Starbucks and other dinning facilities.All in all I've had a great time at the Candlewood Suites. I was a bit aprhensive about the place having read some of the reviews here, but ultimately it's a very pleasent place to stay. I'd be very happy to stay here on holiday.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great value off-strip but convenient.	I was really pleased with my stay. I did a lot of reading before I stayed at this place, but I didn't have much of a choice due to finances at the time. Admittedly, after reading others' reviews, I was really concerned. A friend of mine used his Holiday Inn points to pay for our stay. I was frankly shocked and ecstatic to find that the experience was so favorable. There were two couples staying in one of the Queen suites with the fold-out couch. The cleanliness of the room was acceptable; the staff was friendly. I don't mind getting my own towels and not having someone clean my room on a daily basis (I'm paranoid, the less they're in my room, the better), so these conditions did not bother me. It was great for four people - the privacy of the separate &quot;bedroom&quot; was invaluable. I can easily imagine an extended stay being comfortable. The fridge/dinette area allowed us to eat cereal in-room in the mornings and cool/store bottled water. They give you a complimentary bag of popcorn and a few other amenities. Location is FANTASTIC. I go to Vegas a lot, so I really don't want to stay on the strip. The novelty is lost on me with strip hotels, and I enjoy the quiet of off-strip accommodations. This place is great for that, and its location allows you to bypass the strip traffic while maintaining easy access to all the casinos. The pool area was clean and appeared to be well maintained...the hot tub was a welcome treat for aching feet at the end of a long day. I can't say that this was a life-changing experience, but I'd definitely stay there again. For the price, it can't be beat.	
Feb 5 2008 	Dirty dingy and noisy	My room seemed dirty from the moment I walked in last night. I slept with my socks on - just in case - and didn't touch anything I didn't have to. But this morning I almost had a heart attack with I unfurled my towel to dry off and there was a giant hair ball (the size of my hand!) lying in wait. (Without my contacts in, at first I thought it was a huge bug.) Totally grossed out, I dressed as quickly as possible and hurried downstairs, where the morning front desk supervisor comp'd my room. I don't care about the free room, I would never advise anyone stay there unless you don't care about the cleanliness of your room!In addition, a few more complaints about the property:- my room was cold and the thermostat had to be set to at least 74 to turn off the air conditioning- the property is under the flight path to McCarran Airport so all night long, there are tons of airplanes flying overhead- upon checking in, the front desk staff mentioned the complimentary pantry of food, but when I went for a snack it's an honor-system pay set-up- the clock in my room was set 2 hours fast with both alarms &quot;on&quot; and no instructions for fixing it (I was able to turn off the alarms, but never did figure out how to change the clock) and finally...- at 9:10pm the front desk staff called to check on how my room was. (What if I had already been asleep?)	
Nov 13 2007 	Great price and good off-strip location	Visiting Vegas for the first time during a peak period (superbowl weekend) there was little accommodation on offer. The Candlewood Suites, although off-strip are within walking distance to everything. If you were feeling lazy a taxi would be at the door within minutes.The room was clean and very spacious, especially for the low price we paid. I loved the &quot;convenience store&quot; and the honesty system (take what you need, fill in a form stating what it is and leave in a box for reception). The prices were so good I can't imagine anyone trying to rip them off and the convenience of it was fantastic. I imagine this place would be great for a long stay. Sadly I was only there for two days. :o(	
Oct 16 2007	Great location and price for Vegas	We stayed at the Candlewood Suites for 2 nights in September. We knew we were going to be off strip but we really happy with the location. Our room was really nice with a kitchenette. And the swimming pool was lovely after a long day sightseeing. They have a little shop where you can buy things and leave money which was really handy as well. We walked to the strip and back both days we were there – the walk there isn’t too bad but it feels a bit longer on the way back after a few drinks and walking round the Casinos but it is doable. We ate at Terribles one night which was pretty good and very cheap! The staff were really helpful and I would definitely recommend this place if you’re looking somewhere cheap to stay in Vegas. We stayed at the Bellagio for 2 more nights so it was a good way for us to have longer in Vegas but not pay really high prices the whole time we were there.	
Sep 27 2007 	Reasonable for Las Vegas	This was our first visit to a Candlewood Suites hotel and although it cannot be described as luxurious (a little bit downmarket from a Holiday Inn Express), I was impressed with the self catering facilities. These included a shop and laundry (which they trust you to pay for) and kitchen facilites in the suite.Given the quality of other hotels in Las Vegas (and I include hotels on the strip), I thought it was a good value for money hotel	
Aug 12 2007 	Great location	We enjoyed our two night stay at the Candlewood Suites very much. The rooms feature a fully equipped kitchenette, great for long time stays. What we really liked was the complimentary laundry room, that they feature on every floor. Since we were on a long trip, we were greatful for having free laundry facilities right in the hotel. The location of the hotel is great, just two blocks from the strip and there is a Starbucks right across the street.	
Jun 27 2007 	watch belongings	The hotel itself was ok,but I forgot a leather jacket and by the time I called it was gone and employees,and managment did not do a thing.So if you stay there watch and dont forget anything.	
Jun 13 2007	Send your enemy here.	What a crap place. We ordered non smoking rooms and got smoking rooms.The facilites were new back in the day it was built but it really seemed like it was over 30 years ago. This place is worn down, well used and badly maintained.The staff are good but the facility is poor.A highlight was the honesty box system for the store - you buy something by writing down the price and placing it in the box within the convenience store. It was a good system that offered choice and the prices were excellent.This is a cheap and nasty place that we thought was a Holiday Inn (due to our original booking) but alas, it was not.Send your worst enemy here or someone you dis-like. They will &quot;like&quot; you even more!	
Jun 6 2007 	A Good Near-Strip Hotel	I like Candlewood Suites. They're excellent places, with very nice well-outfitted rooms and a fairly-priced convenience store on-site. This one is close to the Strip (if that matters) but not on it (if that matters--I think that' s a plus).One drawback was no Internet access (at least when I was there, that may have changed by now). I even walked into the parking lot with my laptop to try to find a wireless signal from somewhere, but only got one faint return--from another nearby hotel.	
May 7 2007 	Good Experience	With most of the hotels in the city charging sick amounts of money for this weekend (Sahara was $218 - yikes), we decided to stay off the strip for once. Paid $108 at Candlewood. Prepaid online, check-in took about 3 minutes. Fitness room is satisfactory, didn't use (or even see) the pool. We had a good experience. The room was clean, the hotel was quiet. We had a car, and traffic wasn't bad this weekend, so getting around wasn't a problem. The in-room kitchen was well-stocked and downstairs, the &quot;candlewood cupboard&quot; had what we needed as far as snacks and drinks. I guess I don't have much to say about this hotel, other than there was nothing negative. There is no maid service, but we stayed there 2 nights. No big deal. We would definitely stay here again on an expensive weekend, but I would personally prefer to stay on the strip, so that at 5am I can just waltz downstairs and see to my poker fix. I probably saved more money staying here as a result!	
Apr 23 2007 	The place was just fine	The hotel was centrally located across the street from the Hard Rock. We paid about $100 for a Saturday night when places around town were going for as much as $600 or more. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient. The room was very clean and well kept. A separate livign area with small kitchen. The hotel was not in the very best neighborhood but all things considered it was just fine and a great price. We stayed only 1 night but wodul definitely consider staying again in the future.	
Mar 16 2007 	AVIOD THIS DUMP AT ALL COSTS!!!	As soon as we walked in, we noticed the entire place smelled funny. No maid service at all (you must bring dirty towels to the front desk and exchange them). The &quot;suite&quot; was no more than a standard room with the &quot;full kitchen&quot; crammed into one corner of the room. The bed was hard and lumpy, the recliner was broken, and the A/C was so noisy it drowned out the sound of planes on approach. The last straw was when the Steve the Front Desk Guy (the most unprofessional and rude hotel employee I have ever encountered) told me to &quot;keep my wife on a leash&quot; when she called to complain about the noise coming from the next room. We have NEVER been treated so rudely at a hotel! Luckily we were able to get a room at the Residence Inn across the street. It was a little more expensive, but you get what you pay for. Do NOT waste your hard earned on this place!!	
Feb 2 2007	Exactly as described on website	Stayed here on several occasions.Always found the Reception staff helpful &amp; friendly.Room clean and comfortable &amp; hotel approx 30mins easy walk (at least in winter temperatures) from the Strip.	
Jan 4 2007 	My Non Stay at Candlewood Suites Las Vegas	Ok, here goes. January 2nd, 2007!!! I was sent to Vegas to assist a major Retail store. All of this was booked through their corporate website. When I arrived in Vegas, I went to go check in and was politely told that my credit card had been declined. I asked how much they were pre-authorizing and they told me that it was $316.40. (3 nights stay). I then told them that I did not have that much on any of my credit cards but would be more than happy to pay cash right then and there. No. &quot;Without the credit card being charged, how would we know that the company reserved the room and I wasn't trying to get a discount?&quot; &quot;WHAT? Are you kidding me? I'm in Vegas and you don't accept CASH?&quot; Not only did I HAVE to have $316.40 on my credit card, they would hold the funds for up to 10 days and when I checked out, I could pay cash if necessary. So, they are going to hold my credit card hostage and at the end of 3 days, I would pay them cash. Total outlay of $632.80 for 10 days with a refund of $316.40 in 7 more days. No thanks. I came back later that night, a little calmer and just wanted the room. I was then told that my reservation had been cancelled and that they would not rent a room without a credit card WITH $316.40 in funds. I was told that, &quot;You could go to a lesser hotel that accepts cash - La Quinta next door.&quot; Never, ever, EVER will I stay at this hotel and I will recommend to any and all credit strapped travelers to avoid this place. In addition, I will recommend to the company that I work for never to reserve this hotel. Sorry that I didn't have anything good to write about this place. By the way...I'm sitting in my room at La Quinta typing this. La quinta isn't that bad. AND for $10.00 less, what more do I need? Have a great time, just not at Candlewood Suites, Las Vegas.	
Nov 18 2006 	Just fine	We stayed 4 nights at the Candlewood Suites using Priority Club rewards. We were delighted to avoid paying $200, $300, $400 a night at a Strip hotel (the Stones, Prince, and the air show were all scheduled that weekend). Had never stayed at a Candlewood before, so was not sure what to expect. What we got was: Efficient check-in, very clean room, quiet location (4th floor), nice kitchenette (we used the microwave, fridge, and sink), decent bed and pillows, good cable channels (including 2 or 3 HBO's and Fox news), black-out curtains. Popcorn (free) is in the room and a coupon for a free soda was in our key envelope. The Cupboard is handy (but could have used a small packet of cough drops). Love that the Cupboard, along with laundry, is on the honor system. The a/c and heat worked fine, although it's the typical wall unit (i.e., a little loud but not a problem). The hallways, elevators, and outside premises were well taken care of. Area is fine; Starbucks is just across the street. It's near several nice restaurants (Bahama Breeze, Buca di Beppo, etc.). This is a perfect, reasonable, and safe place to stay for business - or if you don't have to stay on the strip (we come to Vegas once or twice a year, so it doesn't really matter any more where we stay). The only advice I'd give is to make sure you know the most expedient place to park and then get to your room (a little diagram of the place would be helpful, but was not given at check-in). We had no trouble getting around (rental car); location is convenient (just down Flamingo to Paradise). It's a quick walk to Terrible's Casino. Probably wouldn't walk to Hard Rock or the Strip, but could if more motivated!	
Oct 19 2006	Best Value in Las Vegas	My husband and I have stayed here twice now, because it is the best value for a weekend in Las Vegas.In my experience if you want to visit Vegas on a weekend the prices go sky high. Many of the hotels on the strip are $275 -$500 /night.The Candlewood Suites, are basic, clean, friendly accommodations. Most importantly they are safe, and quiet and off the strip. It is nice to have downtime, away from the strip.It feels homey and cozy.In my opinion when you come to Vegas you don't come to relax in your hotel room, you come to enjoy the city, shows, clubs and night life. The only time we were in our room, was basically a couple hours in the morning and an hour before bedtime.The beds seem a little small, but other than that it had a very cozy feeling. I was not too pleased with their soaps, and shampoos, but I always bring my own anyway. In some cities it is important to invest in a great luxurious, expensive hotel, Vegas is not one of those cities. Parking is free at all the hotels and casinos so every morning after we woke up and got ready and had our breakfast we drove to a particular casino for their shows, gambling and fun etc. Then at night we would come back and enjoy our free popcorn and soda in bed with a free movie that they offer at the front desk.As long as they stay safe, clean, affordable and efficient we will keep coming back.I am not sure if this is the best deal during the week, I know during the week the prices on the Strip hotels are competitive, but I do know it's the best deal for weekends.	
Oct 10 2006 	Wonderful little touches great rate clean 	We stayed here so we could combine business with pleasure, making sure it was suitable for work. It was!PERKS:- we got an excellent price for the weekend, right off the hotel's website- free internet in your room, good workspace, quiet- mini kitchen, microwave, utensils, and full-size fridge- free snacks in your room: microwave popcorn, coffee (nice touch)- great cable channels including food network, hgtv, hbo- they have the Candlewood Cupboard - where you have a coupon for a free drink, and can go grab any snacks or drinks, using the honor system or filling out a charge slip- pool- clean room, nice size (we stayed in the studio suite)- great location, 1 mile from strip on Paradise/Flamingo and free from traffic - just a quick zip to the hotel resort &amp; casinos on the back roads- free laundry! you can wash your clothes for free and they even provide the detergent!	
Oct 1 2006	Great value	I used my points for a one Friday night stay. Located about 0.50 miles from the Strip. Very clean. Full kitchen, stove, fridge. Fridge did not work when I got in. I had to reset the circuit breaker located inside the room. it beat waiting for maintenance. Some youths located outside were trying to slip in the side door to &quot;sell some papers&quot;. They looked healthy enough but obviously pawns in some sort of scam. Hey it's Vegas, Baby. Otherwise the place was fine. You could hear some constant walking upstairs but the A/C mostly drowned it out. Starbucks and Bahama Breeze across the street.	
Jun 7 2006	Best value Las Vegas!	We booked one night here with Priority points, saw the poor reviews of few months ago and booked two nights at the Holiday Inn Express, so we can offer a comparison.The Candlwood cost only 11,000 points compared to 25,000 per night at the Express. Both were clean, comfortable and very convenient for the strip. The express was a little better here and there; the pool was nicer the rooms smelt very fresh and clean, but I certainly didn't feel it was worth the extra points. The Candlewood was quieter (no aircraft noise) and although we didn't use it, having a well equipped kitchen would be great for a longer stay. I liked the Candlewood cupboard; you can get into the small store using your room key, help yourself to whatever (pretty basic) food you needed and pay or charge to your room via an honesty box. Really nice to have fresh milk in our very English cup of tea for a change.	
Feb 28 2006	Great stay at Candlewood Suites	Stayed Feb 23-26, 2006 (Thursday thru Saturday nights) and had a great rewards stay at Candlewood Suites in Las Vegas. Was worrried after seeing their Trip Advisor rating drop over the last few months. But, for this last minute trip, I decided to give it a try especially since it was just me and everywhere on the strip was (as usual) priced really high for Friday and Saturday night while Candlewood Suites was available for a great rate of just 11,000 priority Club points per night.For my stay in room 160 (first floor) ....Staff at check-in and thruout my stay were all friendly and helpful.Room and bathroom were very clean.King bed was firm but that's the way mine is at home so I felt right at home with it.Even Friday and Saturday nights there were no noise problems or other such issues but I may just have been lucky to be in a quiet wing with no one above me stomping around their room after 10 pm.Made a long distance call back to Indiana (approx 3-4 minutes) and the charge was only 98 cents so they didn't gouge me for that like some places do.Found the &quot;store&quot; there very useful to get a Coke (only 50 cents) and a snack so I didn't need to go out for that.Having a room with no maid service during your stay is different especially for stays longer than mine but it was fine for me.I made some coffee one morning (it was ok) but other than that I didn't make much use of the dishes, silverware, stove, refrigerator, microwave, or dishwasher but they were all there if you wanted to use them.I don't mind walking (and I always do a ton of it in Vegas) but I had a car this trip because I knew this place was too far from the strip to walk. IMO, only Terribles is walking distance from here.Because I hate driving in Vegas, I prefer staying on the strip (usually Sunday thru Thursday) but I would stay here again especially at the bargain rate of 11,000 Priority Club points per night. I wouldn't spend $125 a night as it sometimes is on the web site; up to $85 a night would be my limit for here.	
Jan 31 2006 	Couldn't pay me to stay here again...	After reading some of the other reviews on here, I'm kind of flabbergasted. I wish my experience here was as good as others. When we arrived my husband checked us in. The front desk staff was rude, demanding and relatively incapable. She would not give directions as to where our hotel room was, so we ended up driving around the hotel checking doors to see where our room was. Not so fun after an 8 hour drive when you have to pee! We asked for a non-smoking room, with a king bed. We were never informed that they don't have king size beds, and were promptly given a DOUBLE bed instead. I'm sorry, two adults in a double bed is never comfy, especially not when your heavier as my husband and I are. The 'non-smoking' room WREAKS of cigarette smoke, the air conditioning is just as loud as the jets going over head. Which by the way, it seems like they are going to land in your room they are so loud. No housekeeping for less than 7 days, you have to change your own sheets, take out your own trash, and buy your own cleaning supplies if you want the bathroom cleaned. The rooms are very 'dank', with the walls pained a yellowed-version of 'off white'. Besides the bed being very small, comfortable is definately NOT a word I'd use to describe it. Even the linens feel like sandpaper! Also we had to rearrange furniture in order to access both sides of the bed! I've stayed in many hotels throughout the country, everything from motel 6 to Crowne Plaza. This is by FAR the worst hotel I've stayed in. If my husbands work wasn't paying for this (and it was pre-paid) we'd be out of here in a hot second. Motel 6 is better than this place...by a long shot! Don't waste your time, your money, or your effort in trying to deal with this place.	
Dec 9 2005	Great Value Location and Amenities	My wife and I and our 10-month-old twins recently stayed at Candlewood Suites and found the whole Candlewood facility excellent.Our room had plenty of space for 2 cribs, a separate bedroom and the full kitchen including dishwasher and microwave was exactly what we needed for babies bottles plus a few meals in.The free laundry facilities (located on every floor), plus the 24hour store were an added bonus while the location - a 15-minute walk to the strip – provided ample parking.All in all, I highly recommend this place to anyone wanting somewhere clean with a good location without paying crazy strip prices.	
Nov 15 2005	This place is a old dump!	I stayed for a week of business. They gave my non-smoking room away, and gave me a smoking room. They were packed and could not change me to a non-smoking room. Except for this horrible screw-up, the staff was very good, and the drinks in the in hotel store, were cold and cheap. My stay &quot;sucked&quot; and then I had to fax my receipt, to receive my points!The Holiday Inn Express was much better.	
Nov 3 2005	take your own cleaning products	Staying there a week, take your own cleaning products with you. We were there 7 nights and they never gave room service to clean the bathroom! Yuck! It was alright that I had to change my own sheets at my request and turn in soiled towels at the front desk. But if they want their visitors to do everything.... then please leave them some cleaning products to clean the bathrooms.	
Sep 7 2005	Candlewwod Suites- a good value!	I stayed with family for two nights, Sept. 2-3 2005. We booked a 1 bedroom suite, which had a double bed in bedroom and a pull-out sleeper sofa. The bed was comfortable but firm, and the sofa sleper was comfortable for a pull-out. The room itself was clean and comfortable, with the sofa and a nice recliner, as well as tv, small CD stereo and VCR (free movies loaned in lobby). Also, a kitchenette w/ fridge, microwave, 2 burner cooktop and all necessary plates, pans ect.Small pool area, but kept up nicely. Also very nice exercise room for this type of facility.This is an off strip property, but very close to alot, such as Terribles and Hard Rock Casinos, convience stores, and restaurants (all in walking distance).VERY nice employees, quite helpful whenver needed. All in all, a pleasant stay.	
Aug 10 2005	Good for a night or two	Stayed for a Friday night using my Holiday Inn Priority Club credits. It was only 11,000 points. The Holiday Inn Express was 20,000 and I would say that the Candlewood is a better room. That's a great deal for a weekend night in LV for all you Priority Club members.  The room was typical of Holiday Inn, but with a full kitchen area; top range, microwave, full size refrigerator, coffee maker, toaster, pots, pan, knives, forks, and even a dish washer. The only slight criticism of the room is the one queen size bed; no kings. But the bed was very soft and comfy for my wife and I. Each room also has a very, very comfortable reclining chair. Terrible's Casino is right at the corner, with the Hard Rock a little further down. Both are easily walkable. A small 'store' is in the hotel lobby with a nice assortment of all the food items you may wish to have or prepare in your room. Video movies are available for free. Overall, a good place for a day or two when you're on a budget or want that extra Friday night in Vegas. I would highly recommend using your points for the weekend at this hotel.	
Jun 22 2005	Great Place to Stay in Vegas	This is a nice quiet hotel convenient to the Strip. We got a great rate for a one bedroom suite with a kitchen. I was impressed with the cleanliness of our room and the hotel. Access to free washers/dryers was a wonderful bonus. A box of laundry soap (1 load) was $1 and fabric softener was $1. The hotel staff was friendly and check-in and check-out were fast and easy. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel.	
Jun 9 2005	great Bargin for Budget Travelers	Stayed there Memorial Day Weekend for a nite, and a week later for another nite. Easy check in and employees were very friendly and polite. Got a one bedroom suite for family of 5 and worked out well with youngest on floor. Parents got seperate room and A/C worked great. Quiet and they have lots of great perks like free wash/dry and a little store that was a bargin compared to everything else in Vegas. Suites fully equipped and lots of storage for food if your going to be there several days. Free rental of VHS tapes and a nice pool area with spa. Only dislike was we were up towards the main area and the pool was far to the rear. If you plan on using the pool alot with small kids, request a room above 165/265/365. Will stay again, especially if I can grab another internet deal like this time. You won't touch these rates on the strip on a weekend nite.	
May 23 2005	Facilities Good - Soundproofing Bad	Agree with most reviews BUT not the ones that say QUIET, UNLESS you get the top floor. We initially asked for a quiet room and got one on 3rd floor where we were wakened by people on the move above at 4 and 5 am, presumably after returning late from the casinos.Pool area was ok to sun bathe in but pool had not been cleaned when we were there so did not take the chance of swimming in it, although saw young children doing so, therefore it might be ok.We were in La Quinta for 1st part of our holiday which is in brochures as an airport hotel with free shuttle but is actually next door to Candlewood Suites. We got a quiet nice room there cheaper but of course it does not have kitchen facilities as Candlewood does but does have maid services which Candlewood does not.	
May 12 2005	Nice quiet weekend stay!	Stayed here Friday thru Sunday and the end of April. Easy check-in and check-out. No waiting and no lines. Close to parking lot, which is such a blessing if you have ever become lost in the multi-level garages and spent over 20 minutes to get to your room. Great place for the price. Refigerator very handy, except there was no ice in the freezer and there seem to not be any ice machines on any floor. Walked next door to liquor store for a bag of ice, then was informed freezer has ice maker (just no ice ready for use). There was only a packaged coffee supply for one night, even though I stayed for two nights. I guess you have to ask for more or go to Starbucks across the street. Having a car definitely helped. Did not try to walk to any of the nearby casinos (Terrible's and Hard Rock). Work-out room is awesome. No crowd. Typical small motel swimming pool, nothing fancy at all, but private. Overall, hotel is an excellent spot if you dont need to have a casino in the lobby or dont mind feeling like your not in Vegas. It is located in a safe central area that allows you to access many of the casinos within minutes by taking Paradise Rd or Koval Ln. Avoid driving down the strip. A good spot for the buisness traveler.	
Apr 6 2005 	Absolutely great for what it is	We (couple plus 2 kids aged 12 and 14) stayed here in a 1 BR suite from March 31-April 3, 2005 and were very pleased. Having the separate bedroom was great for a family. Although the decor is very standard issue motel variety, everything is clean and fairly new. We had 2 TVs and used the kitchen for breakfast each day. We found we didn't miss the maid service. When we needed towels, we simply loaded up the laundry basket (provided) and headed down to the desk to get more. Our kids borrowed 2 videos to watch, and much to my surprise (leaking Starbuck's lid), I even used the free laundry facilities. The pool is postage-stamp small (but the kids did swim there), but the hot tub is large. It was really helpful that these facilities were available 24 hours per day. We didn't make much use of the convenience store off the lobby, as we had a car and purchased items at a local supermarket. In contrast to an earlier report, I found all of the front desk staff I encountered to be pleasant and helpful. Their two local restaurant recommendations (Gordon Biersch - a brewery/restaurant across the street and Milano's - a takeout pizza place about a 5 minute drive away) were good.This is NOT a strip type hotel, nor is it a resort, nor does it have a casino. If none of that bothers you, you may want to consider it. We found having a rental car was an easy way to get around (virtually all local hotels have free parking). Coming back to this low key and quiet hotel after a hectic day in Las Vegas was such a relief. I have stayed on the strip many times (Luxor, Flamingo, MGM, Stratosphere, Excalibur...) and would stay here again.	
Mar 6 2005	Where to start?	I have stayed at Candlewood Suites in other cities - always topnotch, especially when travelling with kids. It's great to have a separate bedroom &amp; tv, and the pantry is fantastic.The staff at the LV Candlewood were rude, disinterested, and poorly trained. When I first arrived, the lady at the desk was sorting the mail. She stopped that, and started helping me. In the middle of helping me, a man (who I guessed was an extended stay customer) came up to the desk and said hello to her. She then stopped helping me, and began going through the stack of mail again to see if he had mail. This caused her to intermingle the paperwork for my room, and my credit card, in with the mail, not to mention you don't stop helping someone and start helping someone else! I had reserved two rooms; one was not ready yet. I requested that they be together. She said she'd try. Eventually when the second room was ready, it was way across the hotel.The next morning, I was awakened at 6am by very loud Mexican music coming from the room next door. I called the front desk, and they said they would send security. 15 minutes later, still got the Polka Party going on. I called the desk again, who hadn't yet called security. They called me back 5 minutes later, now awakening my children in the living room, to tell me that no one was in the room next door and apparently an alarm had gone off. They were making keys to get in and turn it off. The radio was most likely set at deafening volumes because the maids turn them on that was while they clean. And by the way, if no one was in that room, why couldn't that have been our second room? Hmmm.The second room, on the other side of the hotel, was across from the elevator that dinged VERY loudly all night. When my sisters requested another room the next day, they were assigned a room closer to me - NEXT to another elevator. When they said that would not work, they got a room two floors down and all the way on the other side of the hotel. Nice. The front desk staff were very sarcastic, commenting how they usually charge extra for the bonus of the dinging elevator, and then telling them that they don't know where the elevators are in relation to the rooms. Huh?The new room they were assigned, although marked as non-smoking, reeked of smoke, and as they were now on the ground floor they could not open the windows to let it air out while we were gone. The next morning, when they went to take showers, the drain backed up.We ended up waiting until after 9am to check out so we could speak with a day manager, as the general manager was out of town and the night manager was one of the smart-alecks that thought the whole situation was amusing. The day manager was very polite and gave us a discount and an apology, but 1 out of 10 staff is not great odds - even in Vegas.Here's a hint for the staff - when someone tells you that they either (a)didn't sleep last night because... or (b) were woken up early because... - that means they are working on limited sleep, and are not going to react well to wisecracks and flippant remarks.	
Jan 11 2005 	Awesome place	The people here were beyond nice. The room was clean. The pool was small, but sunny and also had a large hot tub. I loved having a kitchen in the room. The best part is the laundy room and convience store that work on the honor system -- you write down what you take and put it in the box. When you check out, it is automatically added to your bill. It was close to the Hard Rock Cafe Hotel, and you can walk across the street to Starbucks. Great place for someone who wants to be away from the bustle of the strip.	
Dec 10 2004	Couldn't be better	This hotel is located in an area just off the strip. The neighborhood was fine. I think it was the best possible place to stay for my husband and me. We rented a car and so we had the freedom to go sight-seeing on the strip or to a grocery store to stock up. There was a full-size refrigerator and microwave, a cooktop, and pots, plates, bowls, utensils, etc. The only thing you don't have is daily maid service. This suited us fine because we liked the privacy. I also did not have to bother to &quot;pre-clean&quot; the room before the maid got there every day.Our room was in the back of the hotel by the pool, and it was very easy to get to the car. It is a rather big hotel, but it was quiet and clean. There is an elevator by the pool door in the back, too.There are restaurants all around, including Starbucks across the street, but we saved money on our stay by grocery shopping and eating in the room.If this is your first trip to Vegas, do stay on the strip for the experience. Bring good shoes.If this is not your first trip, rent a car, stay at the Candlewood. It is cheaper, healthier, and more peaceful.	
Nov 4 2004	Great VALUE for Las Vegas...a must consider!	Some people just like having a little kitchen in their hotel room when they are travelling. Some people prefer to collect frequent hotel points with a major chain rather than being within 10 feet of a slot machine. Some people want to save money. If you're any one of those people, the Candlewood Suites in LV is for you. I was able to get a midweek room rate there of $69 per night, and this was during a major convention where every other hotel in town was charging over $200. Candlewood is now part of the Intercontinental Hotels chain, meaning you can earn valuable Priority Club points for your stay. The hotel is a kind of extended stay hotel, where you get a mini kitchen along with every room. The difference is that while most extended stay hotels close their lobby early in the evening, this one stay open 24 hours. What everyone cares most about in Vegas is location. This hotel is in a good location...not great. It is not on the strip. It is a good walk to the strip. The hotel is right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel, which is a great place to go for food. My room was clean, the bed pretty comfortable, and there was free high-speed internet access for getting some work done. I would have to consider this hotel again for my next Vegas stays!	
Sep 30 2004	Good Idea.!!!!!	Hi Travellers.I,ve stayed here from 12 sept /18 sept.And i must say its a very friendly placeClean witch i think is very important,nice and friendly staff.had a warm welcome on arrival.swimming pool was good but no resort type.Overall Exellent for a great price.	
Sep 28 2004 	Candlewood a good choice	Stayed at the Candlewood Suites on Paradise Rd for a week while in Vegas for a conference. I'd definitely stay again; even though its not on the strip its not far from all the action, and the 1 b/r suite was a pleasant change from the usual hotel room- equipped with a desk/table,tv/vcr,fridge/stove/microwave etc,i can see myself staying there with family to save on expenses vs a regular hotel.My only problem was no high-speed internet (ok so i'm a geek) but the front desk staff say it should be installed by year's end.	
Aug 24 2004	A pleasant surprise!	We booked a Saturday night stay at this hotel because others were so pricy. The staff was very pleasant. The suite was spacious. We had a bedroom and a sitting room with a sleep sofa that was separate. Made for great privacy. Especially because we had a young adult with us. Pool was great. It was near the Hard Rock cafe and several small eateries. We ate at a great brewery that was very reasonably priced.We would definitely return.	
Aug 19 2004	Fantastic value		
Aug 5 2004	great place to stay		
Jul 10 2004	The best place in Las Vegas to avoid smoky rooms		
Jul 2 2004	We really liked this hotel!		
May 9 2004	Business Ok Leisure dont!		
Feb 2 2004	Excellent for business travelers		
Oct 6 2003	Loved the Candlewood		
Aug 12 2003	A comforable stay		
Apr 11 2003	Great and affordable		
Mar 5 2003	Great Deal Esp for Swimmers!		
Aug 10 2009 	Hôtel spécialisé pour les longs séjours et un peu loin du Strip :(		
