Nov 20 2009 	Great Staff Great Location Great price	Thanks to the Orleans across the way being booked on the day I needed, I got to stay at the Emerald Suites. In fact they suggested it. It was perfect. When booking, thought I picked the wrong property. When this was realized the staff did not hestiate to make the change with no issues or rudeness that other hotel staff would have done. Even the trip from the airport was great with a shuttle driver that was delightful, knowledgable and engaging. If you didn't know anything about Las Vegas, you everything about Las Vegas by the time you reached the property! I will be back at the Emerald and I will be taking friends and referring friends for their trip to Las Vegas!	
Nov 19 2009 	average............. been to better............. been to worse	The price was reasonable for the accomodations of a two bed-room suite. The hotel was a little old. It smelled like smoke. Unfortuantely there was not wireless internet, but the hotel does provide the wire if you want to take advantage of the free internet option in the living room. There was no tvs in the bedrooms, only one in the living room. There was no elevators, which is bad for ppl like me who have a tendency to overpack. I guess the walss were thin, because I could heard all kinds of noises day and night. Great anmenities in the kitchen: full size refigerator, stove, microwave, toaster, dishwasher, dishes........... It was in a nice area, with lots of eating places nearby. Not that long of a drive from the strip. The hotel was ok. It all depends on your personal taste. I like fancy hotels, but I would consider this hotel again for my next trip to Vegas.	
Nov 16 2009 	Not bad - but a mixed bag...	The Emerald Suites on Cameron is kind of a quirky place - likely a converted apartment building, instead of a purpose-built motel. I suspect this because of several things:- although the buildings are 3-story, they don't have elevators, which can be difficult for persons with mobility issues or a lot to lug around (and probably gives the housekeeping staff a good cardio workout!). I wound up on 3, but didn't mind since it meant no chance of some heavy-footed plodder above me.- the rooms aren't laid out like most &quot;extended-stay&quot; ones - they have separate bedrooms (without a phone - which can be a challenge) and large kitchens.- the finishes aren't motel-like, including the absence of drapes - or anything to hook them on (the importance of which is detailed below).That being said, my room was comfortable, with a trim-level akin to a discount chain (Red Roof, Econo-Lodge) and was waaay cheaper than the nearby Orleans (especially with their &quot;activity/spa&quot; fee and daily internet charges), where I was attending an event.There were, however, some issues that keep me from giving this facility an robust endorsement:1) The internet service is via an ethernet(&quot;cat-5&quot;) cable, instead of wireless, and while it's free, the service was maddeningly inconsistent; constant stalling, failures to load pages, and response that frequently reminded me of the wonderful days of &quot;dial-up&quot;. The staff tried resetting the server, which helped once, but the second time when it got no better I was advised that &quot;if someone's downloading a movie it can get really slow&quot;. Great!I wasted a LOT of time trying to just do things like check e-mail or research attractions - if you need reliable service for work-related things there's a good chance you'll be pulling on your hair after a short time.They have some cables to lend, but the one I got was in bad shape. I originally thought it might be the issue, so I got one at Big Lots (just $4).2) The lack of drapes (just blinds on the sliding balcony door and bedroom window) lead to a big surprise when I went to bed the first night; an annoying level of light leaking into the room (from the fixtures that illuminate the sidewalks between buildings). I could face the mirrored closet door and see myself - with the lights off! Luckily I could borrow a tablecloth and clips from a vendor friend at the event to cover the blinds. 3) My unit (and others, it appeared) had a noticeable gap at the bottom of the door; this increased hallway noise and meant that the smells of pan-fried chicken and charred toast wafted into my room (with the latter giving me a start - thought it might be a fire!). Got a towel from housekeeping to put across the threshold. 4) There's a business just north of the property that appears to do metal fabrication and feels compelled to bang a lot of large metal containers around very early in the morning - it sounded like a dumpster-truck driver training class! My room was on the south side, so I only noticed it on the days I was outside early - no issue if you're not sleeping past 8AM.I have to say that everyone I encountered on the staff was very pleasant and courteous - must've had a turnover from the staff from other reviews.As for that other reviewer's complaint about hot water - I take showers that only last about 4-5 minutes, and the water was ankle-deep in the tub when I was done. If you're still covered in soap 30 MINUTES into a warm/hot shower, you've got bigger issues to worry about - like avoiding bankruptcy from budget-busting home water heating bills! Just what a desert town needs - people taking 50-gallon showers!	
Oct 29 2009 	Friendly Staff and clean rooms!	Loved the shuttle bus staff! 1st impression was a good one! The livingroom is nicely decorated! Kitchen very clean as well as the bathroom and bedrooms! The reception staff were friendly and helpful! The maid was helpful with extra coffee and soap/shampoo when we needed it. Loved the pool and hot tub! The hot tub was good and hot and the jets were great after a long day of walking and sight seeing! J. Connell, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada	
Oct 8 2009 	loved my stay	loved my stay got the 1 bd suite and i loved it. it was big	
Sep 30 2009 	Free Internet - You Get What You Pay For!	I've stayed at the Emerald Suites Cameron for 1 week stays in 2008 and 2009.It offers the features I'm looking for:1. Unlike the casinos, I don't have to walk six miles to get from my car to the room.2. It has much more room than a standard hotel room - a separate bedroom, kitchen, and small balcony.3. It boasts the rarest of features in LV - free internet. Trouble is, the connection is either dead slow, or non-existent, especially during the evening hours, when other guests are sharing the line.Despite repeated calls to the front desk, the service never improved. It seems that with any hotel with free internet access, the front desk has a different method of accessing the internet than the guestrooms. The reason, I suspect, is that the front desk needs a rock-solid connection, which the guestroom internet service does NOT provide.So, I won't be staying here next trip.It's a shame, because the location is right across from the Orleans, which offers a shuttle to the strip.For those not concerned with internet access, The Emeralds Suites Cameron provides basic accommodation. I paid around $50 a night.	
Aug 18 2009 	Quiet Roomy and close to everything.	This place is like the &quot;residence&quot; hotels with kitchens, bedrooms, living area. The kitchen was fully equipped! Great for people with young children who might want to have snacks or meals in the room. We wanted a separate room (with a door) for our 28 year old visiting with us. Place is a little worn, but not noisy or smelly like a lot of the Vegas Strip or off strip hotels. Perfect if you have your own car, it is about 1 1/2 miles from the strip and 1 minute walk to a great casino hotel with tons of amenities.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great place to stay on a budget	We stayed 4 nights in July 2009 and paid only £98 in total...A great big suite (bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom. Kitchen equipment was a little sparse though. Had a top floor suite but no lifts unfortunately so getting heavy baggage up was a problem. Room was very hot on arrival and it took about 12 hours to get the temperature down with the air con on full.No breakfast on site - go across the road to the Orleans which is adequate (just) The location is very quiet - most noise on site was other guests and their families. However, we were well away from the pool which is a problem area for noise.Staff were very helpful - security guys were ever watchful.	
Jul 9 2009 	The best Place to stay while in vegas	This is the perfect place. We have stayed here on more than one occasion and will not stay anywhere else. The staff and hotel is perfect in all aspects.	
Jun 24 2009 	Airline cancellation nightmare turned into a pleasant stay at the Emerald Suites Cameron	AA initially overbooked and then had mechanical problems. The entire flight was cancelled, so everyone had to be rebooked and put up until the next available flights. They were so overbooked that they couldn’t get me out for two days. I was extremely frustrated!!! On top of that they selected a hotel that I believed would be far below my standards. During my stay in Vegas, I stayed at the LUXOR, which was horrible due to an incident allowed by management at their club &quot;Cathouse&quot;. Afterwards we were ready to leave Vegas immediately!!! Much to my surprise, the staff at the Emerald Suites, made the airline and LUXOR nightmare bearable. Since the airline couldn't get me out for two days, management upgraded me to a suite which was very nice and comfortable! The staff was extremely accommodating and it showed in the tips left for them. I would have expected to receive this type of treatment from the LUXOR, not a small hotel like the Emerald Suites. I felt it necessary to not only show my appreciation to them, but also to express my satisfaction to the general manager. They definitely have my vote for exceptional customer service!!!	
Apr 8 2009 	Very accomodating	Great location. Staff very accomodating staff for special needs	
Apr 3 2009 	Clean Quiet and Conveniant made my trip a success!	Location was important and this property provided a quiet atmosphere with a very clean room and all the amenities that made you feel right at home. With familiar stores nearby, quick access to major streets and a large popular casino within walking distance, this location was perfect for all my needs. Being able to prepare small meals was a real plus and helped me stay on schedule. I am looking forward to my next business trip and another stay at this facility.	
Dec 31 2008 	very comfortable	We stay at Emerald Suites when visiting our son in Las Vegas.We find the location and room setup meets our needs perfectly.Easy access to freeway and surface streets makes travel to all attractions very easy.	
Dec 31 2008 	What a Great Hotel/Apt.	Wow!! We loved staying here and want to go back with our kids! It snowed in in Las Vegas and the Airport sent us to Emerald Suites.They picked us up at the Airport in a shuttle, took us to the Hotel where we were treated with the utmost respect and joy-despite the despereate wet, and snowy conditions we were in. For $49.00 a night, west of the strip-closeby, we were so surprised to see it was a SUITE, with an Apartment-like feel to it. A great Kitchen, Dining room, Heater (Yeah!), TWO BIG rooms, a Super clean environment, the Bathroom was just ample enough, extra towels and blankets in the hall linen closet, and in the living room a Huge TV with delivery menus. In the morning we saw it had a pool, laundry, soda/water machines, etc and we walked across the street to &quot;The New Orleans Casino&quot; (HUGE, great restaurants, lots of choices for Casino Playing). There is plenty of parking and they told us it is $appx. $400 a week for a 2 BR. We will definintely be coming back with our whole family!!	
Nov 9 2008 	Value! Value !! Value!!!	Wonderful sweet/suite hotel with excellent staff, facilities and location. It was great not to fight the crowds at the major hotels - especially when we received even better quality accomodations. The pool was great as were the rooms. They were spacious and clean! It was really nice to have kitchen facilities available to keep a cold drink and snackies in the fridge as well as inroom coffee to wake us up! Security was visible but not intrusive and we appreciated the courtesy and helpfulness of the whole staff. We would stay there again in a heartbeat!!!	
Oct 10 2008 	Great VALUE!	Full blown suites, includes stocked kitchen (no food of course, just the other stuff) , the kitchen comes with pots and pans, dishes, utensils, and coffee pot, microwave, etc! This is a REAL suite, separate bedrooms, separate kitchen and dining! The laundry room is very nice, and the pool is clean and has a jacuzzi! Excellent location, right next door to a casino, VERY close to the strip! A must see to believe deal in LV!	
Sep 28 2008 	So-So Stay at the Emerald Suites	Date: Sept. 24-27The hotel was not quite what we were expecting, but it was okay for the price. However, the lighting in the rooms could be better and it would be helpful if the lamps were plugged into wall sockets that are activated by the light switches.The air conditioning unit made a thumping noise in the plumbing whenever we tried to cool the room down. It sounded like someone was playing bongo drums in the bathroom. The spa was warm, but the jets did not work so it was like sitting in a warm bath. The bath towels were well-worn, which is not terrible. However, it would have been nice to have more than two bath towels since most women use more than one a day (one for wrapping their hair after showering). Also, there were no 'pool' towels, so we had to ask the maids for extra towels or use the ones intended for the shower.The main doors into the buildings could use devices to stop them slamming at all hours of the night. It was very disconcerting to hear the loud banging all night long.The room had internet, but we had no idea how to use it. The front desk staff could not even tell us HOW to access the internet, so we had to find a wi-fi spot every day to log on!Oh...and on our last night, a guest ripped the fire extinguisher box completely off the wall and left it lying on the floor. When I reported it to the front desk upon check-out, she seemed pretty unconcerned. It could just be that she was young, but I would have sent someone out right away to see if any other damage was done.Paying for the full stay in advance was a little disconcerting, too. It makes it difficult to shorten the stay and find other lodging.The location was good. If they can fix some of the issues above, we would consider staying there again. If those problems aren't rectified, we would probably choose to spend a little more to get a working spa and a little more quiet.	
Sep 18 2008	Just what we needed	We were out in Las Vegas for the weekend for our son's basketball tournament and we stayed at this hotel. The hotel was located just by the tournament, the rooms were clean and spacious, and the staff was very helpful with anything we needed.	
Sep 17 2008 	"We love to stay here again..Great for family"	I had booked two rooms in &quot;Tropicana&quot; for 5 days. Stay was very uncomfortable rooms being too far from main lobby and smoking . then we moved to emerald suites in Cameron (2 bed room suite).We 5 (4 plus one infant)family members had a very pleasant stay in emerald suites for 3 nights . We had nothing but regretting for staying in TropicanaWe loved everything in this suites. rooms appeared brand new or very recently renovated. We felt as if we are the first people to stay there, as they were so clean . Kitchen is too good, we made best use of it. Free internet (LAN ) and local calls!!! above all the price we paid was very less. Many TV channels including travel channel .In brief, this was much better than the condo we now live in Cayman islands (At least we are paying double the money for last three years )It takes only 5 minutes to be in &quot;STRIP&quot; ($2.50 bus pass valid for 24 hours, with great connectivity and frequency ). As our flight got delayed , we overstayed for 6 hours for free!!!. And free airport coach!!. all these things were not included in our pricy Tropicana roomsI strongly recommend to stay here , NOT ON THE STRIP in a big crowd	
Aug 22 2008 	One of the Best in Las Vegas	This is probably one of the best in Vegas. First of all the location was great...close to the Las Vegas Strip, stores and gas stations. We had been driving around trying to find a hotel with vacancy and I'm so glad we came across this one. The check in was easy and the staff very helpful. Of course, once we walked into our room we were impressed. The two bedrooms had plenty of room and were separated from the living room area. The kitchen had everything....stove, refrigerator, microwave, toaster, it even was stocked with all the dishes we needed. This is a Great Hotel with everything I would definitely go back again and again.	
Aug 11 2008 	A Great Stay	This hotel is centrally located just off the strip and is walking distance and a short cab ride to all major casinos. The rooms are very spacious and clean, also it was nice having a full kitchen. The staff was excellent. Very nice.	
Aug 11 2008	Gangster rap blasting at check-in desk !	Worst night staff in the history of all the hotels I have ever stayed at anywhere in the world! Cocaine was still on the kitchen counter in my room. Broken air. Key would not open my door the next morning. Worst hotel on the planet! No elevator etc.......	
Aug 1 2008 	Excellent Hotel	My family and I stayed at Emerald Suites Cameron during the month of March, 2008. The convenience of having a kitchen in the room was so convenient and saved us a lot of money, which is what most people need right now. We stayed in a two bedroom suite and I have to say it was one of the cleanest rooms I have ever stayed in. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I have already made my next reservation and will always stay at Emerald Suites whenever I visit Las Vegas. You can't beat it!!	
Jul 2 2008 	worst hotel in usa	worst hotel in U.S.A,,rooms are stinky,staff is outrageously rude(especially the female with chinese looks is very very ill mannered and not apt for hotel industry),no elevators,does not deserve any sort of rating	
May 23 2008 	Great Rates	Great property with great rates. I stayed while attending a convention. Can't beat the price. The property was very clean...It is an older property but location and price was great. Pool area was very nice.Small kitchen was great for morning juice and coffee.Just steps from the Orleans Hotel Casino.Give it a try...........Great if you are traveling with kids!	
Mar 19 2008	Average	Room was adequate and reasonably priced. My kids loved the pool. However this hotel is hardly on the strip, it is 4 miles from any of the main hotels. Don't count on a shuttle taking you to the strip either. The shuttle from this hotel runs every 2 hours, but it's first come first serve. The shuttle is a old 11 passenger van and none of the seatbelts worked. When the driver dropped us off at Mandalay Bay, he said just come back to this spot this is were we always drop off and pick up. My kids and I showed up there at 3:45 to be picked up and around 4:10 I gave the hotel a call and they connected me to the driver. The driver informed me that they had a airport run and would not be there for about another 20 minutes. She then asked me where I was, I told her I was at Mandalay Bay where the other driver dropped us off at, she then asked me to find out where that was and call her back. Needless to say I was not very happy. Also, they only issue you one key to the room, my husband left to go to the Nascar races and I stayed behind to go to the strip with the kids. The hotel informed us that we could leave the key at the front desk and whoever got back first could retrieve the key from them. I came back later that day to find that they had checked us out of our room by mistake which was prepaid for in full, I had to recheck in. The whole experience with this hotel was not a positive one.	
Mar 5 2008 	Uncomfortable Experience	We stayed at Emerald Suites Cameron location Feb 29-Mar. 2 there were 4 of us all together. We wanted a double room. The other hotel rates were quite expensive that week due to Nascar week. We chose this location because it was just across the street from the Orleans Casino where we absolutely love to eat and gamble. We figured we really wouldn't be spending too much time in the room just needed a &quot;clean room&quot; to sleep and shower. Upon checkin the lady at the front desk immediately gave us attitude I have no idea why, but the hotel manager heard the way she was speaking to us and took care of our checkin she was nice. When we walked into the room, it was stuffy and the sofa seemed to be very dirty and the linens were outdated. We just decided not to sit on the couch. My brother wanted to take a shower right away and found pubic hairs all over the towels. Gross!! Called front desk 4 times and even attempted to go pick up towels ourself then the maintenance gentlleman dropped them off after an hour and a half time spand.We cut our stay there shorter than originally booked for because 2 out of 4 of us developed a rash on our legs and after one long night we were sleeping late and the cleaning crew was banging rudely on the door, kicking us out at 9am while the room was still paid for a few more days. Once that was situated we just didn't want to deal with it anymore. I would never stay there again! Either book the trip for a cheaper week or spend the extra money for a better hotel. We got less than what we payed for. Pictures of towels didnt come out good but I have other photos of the room.	
Feb 1 2008 	Probably the worst place I've stayed in 10 years	My experience with this hotel was so negative, I almost don't know where to start. The room was dark and poorly lit, the view from the window was of an opposing brick wall/balcony, the bathroom was a disaster, with sharp broken ceramic tiles on the floor next to the tub, and a stained shower curtain. The bath towels could've passed for hand towels at any other hotel.The &quot;free high speed internet&quot; worked only intermittently, and they had no wireless. The bedroom had no TV. There is no food available on the premises. The picture on the wall over the desk was an empty frame, with the matting and border damaged. (apparently a previous guest stole the actual picture. I have pictures of the bath and room to prove my statements.When I called the front desk to ask for another room and explained why, it was as if they couldn't have cared less. Before checking out I asked if I could leave my bags in my room an hour past check out, and the manager rudely refused. The only positive thing I can think of is that they're a close walk away from the Orleans Casino, and a small mall with a variety of small restaurants.Now I know why they were still available when I was looking for last minute accomodations to attend CES. I have travelled extensively across the globe on business for the past 15 years, and the closest thing I can compare this place to is an Eastern European hotel. Very subpar. Avoid it unless you're only other alternative is to sleep in your car.Jim from Boston	
Jan 15 2008 	Good Value for the price	We booked a 2 bedroom suite during Vegas's busiest week (CES Show). The staff was a little busy but that was to be expected. The room is certainly not luxurious by any standard, but it was clean and functional. Not in the best neighborhood either, but close enough to where we needed to be, and for about 1/4 of what we would have paid to stay on the strip during this busy time. The are no elevators, but for our short stay that was not a big deal. Heating system was a little iffy, but overall a very good value.	
Jan 4 2008 	Loved it!	We stayed over the christmas weekend...got a great deal on this hotel...loved it for the price!...if u rent a car, this is a nice place to stay...its quiet and away from the strip...abt 3-4 miles maybe...stayed in a 1 bedroom...we didnt use the kitchen, but loved the fact that there is a tv in the living room as well as the bedroom...very cozy...we got a 1st floor apt which was great...u might want to request 1st floor apt, if u have too much luggage.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great	It had some things I was not use to. This included a kitchen with dishes, pots, pans, a refrig and a dishwasher. The maids to the dish washing. It was right accross the street from the Orleans (100 yards accross a quiet street). If you require two rooms it would be less money to reserve a suite at this place. The size was good. The distance from the car is short. Parking is ample and the rooms very nice. If we are going to the Orleans again with another couple, we are going here instead.	
Nov 15 2007 	It's an excellent place!	We stayed 2 days in a 2-bedroom apartment in June this year. Of the 5 hotels that we stayed in various cities in Western US during our US trip, this is by far the best value. I was looking for a hotel that is outside the Strip without a casino as I have young children, but preferably close enough to take a short trip to the Strip attractions and the airport. We were also looking for one that has coin-op laundryfacilities, and a kitchen or kitchenette in the room. Well, this hotelfit the bill perfectly. I was delighted to find out that the room ratewas the lowest of the 5 hotels that I have booked. And after staying for 2 days and many encounters with the staff, I can tell you that the service of the staff overall was very good, at least for those that we met. The check in and out were fast. When my wife has a request, they send their man down to fix it promptly. They have a hotel shuttle which we took to go to the Strip as well as the airport.The staff who contacted the driver for us, gave us an estimated waiting time, to see if we still want to take the service. And when the shuttle took a little longer than the estimated time, she called the driver again to check where he was, and was apologetic towards us. So even though we have to wait a while for the transport to the Strip, we didn't feel frustrated at any point of time both because of the responsible service of the staff as well as the fact that we were not rushing for time. The driver was very courteous and helpful too. For the trip to the airport, I told the staff in advance and stressed that I have to catch a flight at certain time. This time the shuttle was on time, and we arrive at the airport well in time. I guess booking the shuttle in advance helps them to fit us into their schedule. In fact, the receptionist always checked with the driver before committing to our request for the shuttle. In the small reception room, there were a restroom and a pantry (which I think is for staff use), but we were allowed to use them. Our apartment was reasonably spacious, and air-con. It was such a relief from the 40 degrees temperature outside. And the temperature was adjustable. There are a lot of storage space, we didn't use all of them. The small pool was always full of people trying to cool down. Two suggestions for improvement: there were only two dining chairs around the dining table in our 2 bedroom apartments which can house 4 persons. Shouldn't 4 chairs be given in a 2-bedroom apartment? The management may also want to consider building a covered link way from the reception area to the various blocks so that guests do not need to pull along their luggage and walk under the very hot sun. We were delighted to find out that the hotel is located near to a cheap Chinese restaurant, Panda Express too. Overall, I can comfortably recommend this hotel to families who are looking for a safe, quiet place that is conveniently located near the attractions and airport in Las Vegas.	
Aug 29 2007	Stay at The Orleans	I got my rooms at an auction site for $40 plus $45 additonal for weekend. Cheap flimsy furniture.. drab sparse kitchen. 3 flights of stairs to climb with luggage. Asked for lower floor and was denied, said they were full. Later that day I was near front desk and 2 people came in without reservations and clerk asked them if they would like lst floor rooms... The Orleans is right across the street and has far superior rooms and very pleasant front desk personnel.. plus the rates are about the same as Emerald.Oh yes, The Orleans has elevators.	
May 31 2007 	Rude Staff	Emerald Suite management should train their staff how to treat their customers appropriately. My recent experience ruined what would have been a good long week-end stay in Las Vegas. Rooms run out of hot water, keys not working hours before your official check-out time and no check-out extension allowed even for an hour. The staff who managed my complaint was very rude and even threatened to call the police. She wouldn't even give her name even if their comment/complain sheet requires that. She was rude enough to send her customer out just because they were dissatisfied with the service. We paid almost ~$600 for 2 rooms for 2 days --- not cheap for hotel with very lousy service. The savings is not worth the ordeal me and my family went through.Thank you for sending in your review. The community appreciates your feedback.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Place!!	So there are 3 Emerald suites in Las Vegas. The one we stayed at was 4777 Cameron St. Its right across of the New Orleans Casino which is OFF the STRIP(about a mile off the strip). The one or two bed room suites are setup like a mini apartment, with a kitchen, full size refrigerator and separate bed rooms and on site laundry matt . We got our room for about $86.00 a night. This place offers a FREE shuttle serves to and from the Airport and to the Strip.... We used it a lot and the drivers are really really nice and if you are the only ones in the van they might take you right to the casino that you want to get to, otherwise its the Tropicana Casino as the main pickup and drop off area. The shuttles run all day and night long (24/7), you just give the emerald suites a call when you are ready for pickup or drop off and its any where from 15 to 30 minutes, most of the times its no longer than a 15 minute wait..... The room was very clean and nice (lots of furniture). One of my main pet peeves when staying at a hotel is cleanness. This hotel is a great deal and even better if you have a family, you can save a lot of eating out money with the kitchen... It was just 2 of us but why pay $300 on up a day for a room at the big casinos when you are really only going to sleep there, if you even go to sleep , Las Vegas is a lot of fun! : ) .... Anyway you won't go wrong with the hotel... I will defiantly will be back......	
Feb 7 2007	Emerald Suites Not So Sweet	When we got to Vegas we went directly to an information desk to get help in transportation to the hotel.The desk informed us that they had a limo and called the hotel to have the limo pick us up.After an hour, we called again and the manager said the driver would be there in about five minutes.After another hour, we called again, same story.Finally, we saw a limo with the name written on the side so we ran to catch a ride and it was for another Emerald Suite. The driver said he would take us anyway.We got no apologies from the management.The hotel has no elevators, so we had to drag our luggage up two flights. Our windows looked out onto the side of another building. The carpet was an old brown shag that was worn and nasty looking.The kitchen was clean.It was located across the street from &quot;The Orleans&quot; which was pretty nice, but otherwise the location wasn't that great.	
Sep 20 2006 	Comfortable and Functional	I'm about to spend my third night at the Emerald Suites Cameron location in Las Vegas. After exhaustive research for my budget vacation (really just a side trip on the way back from somewhere else), I selected the Emerald Suites Cameron because of price and reviews, and got a great deal on the rate, partly factoring in the free high speed Internet.My experience has not been without problems, but overall I've found the hotel to be comfortable and convenient. It's the newest of the Emerald Suites properties in Las Vegas, and although the decor isn't anything special, it's up-to-date and doesn't look shabby. The staff has been friendly and helpful.When I arrived late at night and checked in, I was initially put in a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room that reeked of smoke and contained an ash tray. The man at the front desk was apologetic and explained that on busy weekends they sometimes allow people to smoke in the non-smoking rooms. Although that seems to defeat the purpose of having non-smoking rooms, they managed to get me into a different suite that smelled far less strongly of smoke. (I'll note, though, that of three rooms I've been in, all had at least a light odor of stale smoke, as did the hallways.)If you don't want to haul your bags up the stairs, request a ground floor room. There are no elevators. However, I found that I didn't feel as secure in a ground-floor room because it had windows and a sliding glass door which faced the parking lot and walkways. The actual door to the room is inside a secured building, but the building doors are often propped open. It seems like a safe enough area, though.I had trouble getting the high-speed Internet to work. It told me I was connected, but I couldn't access the web, check email, or set up a VPN connection. They had me try a different cable and also try accessing it from a different room, but I finally gave up. I ended up using a wireless network that Emerald Suites claimed wasn't theirs and which had spotty service in my room. They speculated that it might be coming from the Orleans next door.Speaking of the Orleans, it's right across the street and very convenient, especially if you're there for the poker room, which is directly inside the closest set of doors. I ended up spending most of my time there. It also has a shuttle to the strip, which I didn't use. Guests staying at Coast Hotels properties have priority on the shuttles.It was very convenient having a fully functional kitchen (minus pots and pans) in my room at the Emerald Suites. My grand total for food purchases during my entire three-day stay was around $22, thanks to the kitchen and my car rental, which allowed me to travel a short ways up Tropicana to Albertsons for grocery shopping. Parking was easy at the Emerald Suites. It was also a very easy drive from the airport.If I didn't need reliable high speed Internet access while away, I'd stay there again and would recommend it to others. They say most other guests don't experience such problems, but I did, and I haven't had connection problems at any other hotel. Overall my experience was a good one.	
Mar 18 2006	extended stay type hotel	This hotel has a good setup of different rooms for kitchen, living room, bathroom and bedroom. It has a full refrigerator/freezer, microwave, stove/oven in the kitchen. It has a full size couch in living room. The tv has many channels, even the tv guide channel. The sliding glass door for balcony is nice to get some fresh air. The bathroom is big but doesn't have many shelves or counter space. The bedroom has a sliding glass door for the closet. They have a long narrow dresser drawers but the drawers are too small to put many things inside. On property, they have a laundry room. I was glad that my room was next to that building. There were some problems: (1) At check in, they didn't tell me that had to have a special cable for the internet. When I did call them, they did give me one free. (2) The batteries on remote control went out. They brought me a new one. That one didn't last long either. They gave me one that had to be programmed. I couldn't figure it out so I gave up and changed the channels manually. (3) There was some smell all throughout the building that I couldn't identify.	
May 16 2005 	An average experience	It was an okay hotel. The staff forgot to give me a wake up call, as I requested for Friday morning. My room, though clean, was on the third floor. That would be fine but, there were no elevators in the building. Thankfully, it was across from the Orleans hotel and casino.	
Aug 5 2004	OUR FAVORITE PLACE	Most internet sites rate this hotel a 2star. We rate it a 5 star. It's more an apartment than hotel room and family or business friendly.My husband travels for work 300+ days a year. Once in a while he actually stays close enough to home that the kids and I (wife) can drive to Las Vegas to spend a night or 2 with him before he takes off again to parts unknown! 4 months ago, we discovered Emerald Suites on Cameron near the Las Vegas strip- across from the Orleans Hotel/Casino. Totally awesome. Not too fancy and NOT a dump! Totally refurbished and clean rooms. Guest services are friendly! My 12 year old daughter got food poisening and after we checked in she vommited everywhere! Waaaaaa The maintenence man came right away with a steam cleaner to tidy up! The kitchens are great little units and the pool and laundry room are real nice too. We wish this property would allow pets so we could stay longer! The rates are good but we have found BETTER rates on the internet that we wish we could get by booking directly with the property. CLEAN, FRIENDLY, just like home, QUIET and located near everything you need from shopping to restaurants to casinos. There is even a theatre in the Orleans casino across the street. What could they improve? A TV in the bedroom. The only TV is in the living room area which is also comfortable.	
Oct 30 2008	?????????		
Feb 16 2008 	N'importe quoi		
