Nov 22 2009 	Thank You For A Pleasant Stay!!!	My husband and I along with another couple stayed at the Fremont the first week of November. We had a very enjoyable time. The rooms are small but who goes to Vegas to stay in the room. The housekeeping staff do a fantastic job our room was cleaned and restocked everyday. Also our room was very quiet and comfortable. The casino and hotel staff were always very friendly and helpful. Would stay here again on future trips. Center of all the action at Fremont Street. The buffet was very good and had a great choice of menu items. Be sure to get your players card and take advantage of comps and discounts.	
Nov 5 2009 	Beware of Scam!!!!!!	Do not use the bank machines at the Freemont Hotel. The bank machines themselves are not what you need to worry about, it is the crooked casino cashier's. Whe you use the bank machines they provide you with a voucher you need to bring to the cashier. The cashier will find some reason that they cannot give you the cash. They will claim that if they do not process the voucher the funds will be returned to your account , this is NOT true. Instead of taking their word for it I contacted my bank who informed me that the money was out of my account and the transaction was closed. I agrgued with the unsavoury staff for about 15 minutes when they threatened to call security....I welcomed this and suggested they call the police as well so I could file a complaint. Some moments later their greasy supervisor arrived and I had to argue with him for 30 minutes. When they realized I was not taking no for an answer and would not leave until I received my money, they caved and handed me my cash. This put a bad spin on an otherwise great trip.	
Oct 22 2009 	We Were Disgusted!	We have stayed at the Fremont a few times in the past. We were perfectly happy there until the last day of our last trip. We were in Room 602 and were getting ready for our 11:OO AM check-out when we saw a cockroach sitting on the bathroom sink. As anyone reading this knows,there is no such thing as just one cockroach! Needless to say,we will never stay there again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Awful!	I cannot believe this was rated 3 stars by Expedia. The only reason we stayed there was because it was rated 3 stars and the Golden Nugget was booked.I will never trust Expedia again when it comes to hotel ratings. Rooms were extremely small. They claim it was a non smoking room and we could smell the smoke. They claim it had recently been renovated and the ceiling had large water spots. There was hair on one of the towels. We paid $100.00 and would have gladly lost the money and gone home, but it was late at night when we got there. Downtown Vegas is a seedy side of town and I will never go there again. If you do not like smoke, stay away. None of the hotels in the area looked any better except maybe the Golden Nugget. We left at 5:00 A.M. in the morning to get out of there.	
Sep 30 2009 	Nice remodeled rooms but with old lumpy beds	We visit Las Vegas 4 to 5 times a year. We usually stay at the Golden Nugget in downtown Vegas, but had a one night between hotels, so we tried the Fremont. Just glad it was for one night. The rooms are very small and the ceilings are low in the bathroom, which makes you feel a little claustrophobic. Although the remodel has a nice contemporary feel and look, the beds were most uncomfortable and lumpy. Sorry, if there is a remodeled room why not do the mattresses too?! We'll stick to the GN as our first choice in the downtown area, and Main Street as our second choice. AND another biggie...no free internet!	
Sep 28 2009 	don't stay at the fremont	I have been going to Vegas for fourteen years and I have never been treated so badly when it came to getting my comps at the end of the week. We ran about twenty thousand dollars through the machines during our five day stay, and they refused to comp. a $97.00 dollar food bill. I went from the player's club, to a host, to a customer service specialist and got nothing but a runaround. They actually felt they gave me a deal because they comped our five night stay. They should have, because that was the smallest room I have ever been in. Our cash back total at the end of the week was $23.00 for the two of us. What a joke. We earned more than that in comps when we went over to Binion's and played for four hours.	
Sep 23 2009 	Convenient location good value	We chose this hotel because we wanted to be near the Fremont Street Experience. Our room was very small but clean and updated with modern decor. This is an old hotel and the plumbing showed it. The toilet was an issue. The bathroom was very small and would not fit a standard toilet with tank. The toilet was similar to what you see in a public restroom. The flush handle was located behind the lid therefore the lid had to be closed first in order to get to the handle and had to be flushed several times after each use. The bathroom seemed to be put together in haste. The sink was tilted back and the sink stopper stayed closed, we had to pull it out completely to allow the sink to drain. The air conditioner in the room could not be controlled and was cold at times. It was also quite loud but this turned out to be a blessing as our room was located directly above the Fremont Street Experience which was quite loud. The air conditioner served as &quot;white noise&quot; to block out the sounds of the street below. I was surprised to find the room had plantation shutters instead of black out drapes but the shutters worked well enough blocking out the light. These are not five star accommodations but we were quite pleased with the price and the modern decor. I was really impressed at how friendly and happy all of the staff at the Fremont were. We ate dinner at Tony Roma's which was quite good. The buffet is typical of the buffets of old Las Vegas, not very good. We had breakfast there. Not a lot of choices but you can have an omelet made to order and your coffee cup is kept full and again the staff were all friendly. We went in all of the casinos downtown and in our opinion the Fremont gave the friendliest customer service and was the only casino that we could find a cocktail waitress taking orders for comp drinks.	
Sep 19 2009 	GREAT PLACE	This was my first stay at the fremont and loved it.The rooms are small and very clean.But i dont go to a casino to stay in my room.The casino was excellent and done very good on the slots.The staff was great and every one i delt with was just as friendly as could be.Ive been staying on the strip for 11 years and needed a change.Im glad i picked the fremont and will go back..The fremont gets a&quot; EXCELLENT &quot; from me.	
Sep 17 2009	Fremont Hotel/Casino LasVegas	Stayed at fremont hotel Sept 7-11. Room was clean, housekeeping good. Friendly employees. Will stay there again on my next trip.	
Sep 12 2009 	Decent enough basic accomodations	I've stayed at the Fremont many times and know what to expect by now. Rooms are basic, clean but nothing fancy. The TV gets very few channels - the locals, CNN, ESPN, TBS, Weather Channel and that's about it I think. There's an in-room safe (with a key, not a combination) which is always good to have in LV. I've noticed that there are no longer any comforters on the beds, just a very light blanket. I find it hard to sleep without something heavier covering me. It's also just about the only hotel-casino in Las Vegas without a self-parking lot - it's valet only which I don't really care for, although service from the valet was good enough. The hotel doesn't provide any kind of high speed internet access. I was able to connect to some kind of general-use wireless access provided by a well-known travel site, but it didn't work that well, very frequent service interruptions.Buffet is average but cheap. Tony Roma's is good (although I didn't get to go this trip). Casino has some decent games but I always seem to have bad luck gambling there.	
Aug 25 2009 	Sam Boyd's Fremont Hotel and Casino	The property itself is old but extremely clean and safe. The casino restroom is brightly lit and very clean. The guest room is somewhat spartan but who stays in the room aside from sleeping or a quick rest in Vegas? It seems like Fremont's housekeeping department has very high standards--the guest room we occupied was extremely clean! Also, the towels and toiletries were provided generously. And no strands of hair or debris of any sort! You always felt safe on the casino floor especially if you are accompanying an elderly spouse because the hotel security is quite good. You can always spot a security officer, but they are never in your face. The hotel staff are all courteous and very helpful--they are not pushy and will always assist you when you ask for help. The properties on downtown Vegas are old, but the Fremont Hotel and Casino is very clean and safe place. Not too fancy like the strip but very dandy and fun. The hotel restaurant features a decent buffet so you really don't have to leave the property for anything! And the pricing at both the restaurant and cafeteria--not bad at all! The biggest asset of this hotel is safety! Never a bad experience!	
Aug 7 2009 	Downtown appeal that's it.	I liked the low limits, the closeness of it all compared to the strip and most of the folks were nice and friendly. The room was clean, as was the rest of the place. A little more smokey than the big strip places but I liked the old Vegas charm of it. I gambled at the El Cortez down the street and loved it. That place is the one for downtown. My wife liked the closeness to everything on Fremont St so that's why this hotel, but next time I will either stay at Golden Nugget or El Cortez. E.C. had buck roulette spinning on three tables. Love that place.The Plaze had a ten buck a night deal so we checked that place out and it seemed comparable to our place. Pretty clean and willing to have you business. We also loved the quaint old school charm of the Golden Gate casino. Mermaids casino was all about jamming drinks down your throat from the moment you walk by, so you plunk a few quarters in there slots. Downtown was jamming for about three-four hours in the evening but other than that, it felt like a ghost town. I hope they can pump that area up a bit, it needs it.	
Jul 25 2009 	free upgrade to suite! but don't like valet service	we booked a standard room and checked in after midnight. the front desk lady was friendly and whispered to us that they do not have any more standard room and will ugprade us for free to suite! at the top floor of the hotel. ok the suite is smaller than most big hotel but it is still great. 1 king bed, full sofa set. 2 LCD tv in room. walk in wardrobe and clean toilet. i would think the normal rooms are ok too. service is good. friendly staff. bad thing is the valet. very troublesome to get the car for a short trip out.sadly there is no free internet	
Jul 2 2009 	First stay downtown....loved it!	Just returned from Las Vegas staying at the Fremont Hotel downtown and we are glad we did! Great location and friendly people! Great Food.... We have always stayed on the strip.....but, we were ready for a change! Did NOT even go to the STRIP! We were entertained by gambling in the friendly casinos and restaurants which were wonderful! Great VALUE........ we just wanted to hang out for 4 days and enjoy!	
Jun 24 2009 	Nice but...	We stayed at the Fremont from June 16th to June 18th. The staff was very nice, the hotel appeared clean...however... We stayed in room 621, which faces Binion's across the street. There was some slight noise at night from the Street Experience shows, but nothing too jarring. The air conditioner worked fine, the bathroom was small but clean and usable. The room was overall clean, and the housekeeping was very good during our stay.The only surprise was that on our last morning there, I awoke to find the largest cockroach I have ever seen in my 40 years of living, sitting quite contently on the wall next to the nightstand. It did not move, it just sat there. Because the shutters were closed, it was still a bit dark in the room, and at first, I thought it couldn't be a roach, because I'd never seen one that big. But I recognized the shape, and I knew it had to be a roach. So I got out of bed, opend the shutters, and confirmed my suspicion. I did a quick measurement by comparison, and found that this cockroach was 2 1/2 inches long, and 1 1/4 inches wide. It was really, really big. Finally, my partner killed it with a shoe. I'm just glad that it was our last day there, because I don't think I could've slept one more night in that room.Again, the hotel is relatively clean, it's just that the cockroach thing really put me off wanting to stay there again. I like the Fremont for gaming, but I don't think I'd stay there again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Not bad	We stayed there last year for a few days on the weekend before moving to the strip during the week because it was way cheaper, about $50 a night. It was worth every penny.The rooms were updated and just as good as the room we had at New York New York.The odds at the tables were better than the strip and the dealers were very friendly and explained the rules to newcomers well.Check-in was quick and painless.Highly recommended if you don't mind missing the glitz of the strip for a whole lot less money for a room. Save a hundred a night on the room and spend it on the strip, it's only a 15 minutes bus ride away.	
May 24 2009 	Nothing Fancy	This was my 5th trip to Vegas and first time staying down on Fremont Street. I would stay at the Golden Nugget next time.	
May 4 2009 	Great value	My husband, 2 sisters in law, and brother in law stayed for four nights and thought the accomodations were outstanding. We accepted an offer of 3 free nights and $150.00 in food having never stayed at the Fremont. Our rooms were obviously just renovated and the updating was very tastefully done. The breakfast buffet was especially good and the omelet fixed fresh by a cook was a treat. Some food at the evening buffet was overdone but on a whole was good. The Thursday night buffet at Main Strret Station was as good as usual. We rarely eat more than one buffet on a trip to LV but the food offer was too good to resist. We travel to LV yearly from Indiana and will stay at the Fremont when we come next year. We have stayed at the Nugget, Binion's, and Fitzgerald's downtown and many places on the Strip over a 20 year period. We love to gamble downtown and appreciate that the hotel and food available at hotels are equal to those on the Strip. Thanks for the offer, Bconnected team!	
Apr 28 2009 	Nice and clean!	My husband and I stayed at the Fremont Hotel for two nights. I liked the contemporary design of the room. It was clean and comfortable. The Paradise Buffet inside the hotel is not expensive (7.99 for lunch) but it's not great. No high-speed internet.	
Apr 23 2009 	good stay at the Fremont	I had a good experience at the Fremont. My room was very clean, all in working order, and made up promptly each day. Employees were friendly and helpful. My only complaint is a general one which many Vegas casinos have......the casino itself is quite smokey (I'm asthmatic). I long for the day when it is banned everywhere public. I think businesses need to know that just as many people, if not more, will come because there is NO SMOKE than the amount who will leave if they can't.	
Apr 23 2009 	Perfectly nice	If you're looking for the Vegas experience with an opulent themed hotel, you should definitely avoid the Fremont. If, on the other hand, you want a perfectly nice, simple place to stay and you don't need all the bells and whistles of Vegas, this is a great place to stay. Location? No, it's not The Strip, but that's a good thing. Fremont Street is exciting in its own right, less chaotic, and certainly less crowded. Ambiance? Fine. Again, it's much more akin to what you would find in a nice hotel in another city, rather than Vegas, and that's a good thing. Rooms? Small, but the beds are comfortable and the colors are soothing.Where the hotel could improve is on housekeeping. My room, which was ostensibly non-smoking and had a shiny plaque on the door which promised such, reeked of smoke. In addition, the sheets on the bed on the first night actually had several huge rips and holes. Housekeeping picked up the slack the next day and the room was kept impeccably after that, but I'm still wondering how anyone could possibly have thought it would be acceptable to make up a bed with ripped sheets. Aside from that, the stay was fine and I wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Apr 16 2009 	Downtown is getting like up town in service	I love going to Veags and staying in the &quot;cheap&quot; places 'cause I like going out of the room /hotel as much as possible, but the Fremont thinks thay belong to the MGM properties. Room was great, but parking is a valet that works on tips. A few years ago, you could park across the street in the parking garage, but even that's limited now. To confirm the rom as well, had to sign up for their casino points card. How often do you gamble in the same place-in Vegas? in short, good deal but watchout for 'freebies&quot; and the food. Besides the Paradise buffet they have, anyting else there is crap!	
Apr 1 2009 	Great Value for the money. Signing up for players card pays off.	My friend and I went to the Fremont last November. Let me first say that we don't go to Vegas to see shows and walk around. We go to Vegas to gamble for hours on end and drink alot of beer. While the cleanliness leaves something to be desired, the staff is extremely friendly and always helpful. We both play blackjack and find that the blackjack pays outs are better than the strip (3:2 vs 6:5) and table limits are usually $5...sometimes $3! The drink service is very good and a dollar tip now and then will ensure that you will never be thirsty. I had one instance where a server removed a quarter full beer from my hand just to give me a cold one. The dealers are hit or miss in the friendliness department, but for the most part they are fine. Finally, signup for the BConnected players card. We were there for 3 days and did a fair amount of gambling (8-9 hours per day), at the end of our stay, both rooms were comped! And we were only betting the $5 minimum most of the time. My friend and I are going back in a few weeks and we have books separate rooms and once again, both comped. We are by no means high rollers but it shows they appreciate the little bit we do bring. If you want an affordable, friendly stay that is away from the Strip...Fremont is it.	
Feb 15 2009 	Unfair Practice	Room was very stink from smoking. Staff at the Paradise Cafe were very unfriendly and seem that they did not care about guest, food was terrible. More than 7 slots machines were locked down due to guest having them locked. It was hard trying to find a cocktail waitress to order drinks. Floor attendants were not friendly at all.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great hotel staff friendly and helpful	Stayed at the Fremont for 6 nights this January, found previous reviews very helpful, had a realy good stay. Would rcomend this hotel to anyone planning a visit. Staff were very helpful and did all they could to answer any queries we had. Checking and out process took about 1 min and free valet parking is brilliant, we didnt eat at this hotel but it was alway busy, The bathroom is very small as stated by other visitors but it is adequate for what you need it for and the beds are so comfy its hard to get up in the morning. Binions breakfast was great and set us up for the day. A trip to the Hoover Dam is recomended, and try and visit the sister hotel of the Fremont (Sams Town) we had a great night there and the transport is free from the hotel. Next visit to Vegas will be to Fremont street as we find you are hassled by people handing flyers and cards out for strip clubs and lap dancers when you go up the strip very annoying and offensve. Most excellant holiday was had by all would recomend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 4 2009 	New Years	Stayed at the freemont hotel it was a basic room the beds were comfortable the party outside on the street was fantastic we ate at binions downstairs restaraunt 3.99 breakfast and 3.99 buger and fries and pot. I found the free booze not watered down like on the strip. you actually got drunk . Going again this year staying at the same place.	
Jan 22 2009	Great Hotel	The staff was very helpful and pleasant. I booked a room with two double beds and even though we arrived at the hotel earlier than planned, were able to check right in. There was not a wait to check in or out. Hotel room itself was very nice. The bathroom is on the small side, but they do have the curved shower rod so you dont feel cramped in the shower. The beds were comfortable and room was very clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We stayed three nights and I did request a room change after the first night, due to room right next to the Fremont Street Experience was loud. But even that ends at midnight, so if you stay up late, you will not have an issue with that. The front desk was very helpful about changing rooms and the next two nights were even better. They provide a room safe at no charge, which is great if you do not and to take all you money out with you. I have stayed at hotels on the strip that were not a pleasant as this one.	
Jan 20 2009 	Loved the Downtown Atmosphere	Date: January 20, 2009Reviewer: A Trip Advisor Member, Shreveport, LaMy mom and I stayed 3 free nights at the Fremont Hotel Las Vegas. The rooms are small but clean and the beds are comfortable as others have said. The bathroom is even smaller but was able to accomodate the 2 of us. The buffet was okay but not many food choices, Tony Romas was good though. The front desk staff were very helpful and nice. The first room they gave us had a terrible view. We called back downstairs and they immediately gave us a room with a view of the main street. Overall we were satisfied with our stay and would definately stay there again. There was no wait checking in or checking out.	
Jan 12 2009	No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Ok, if you come to Vegas you want to stay on the strip unless these things apply to you.You like being around old people.You are Ugly. Or like ugly peopleYou are Weird, (like clinically nuts) or like themYou want a sub par time. You don’t like fun.If Lights flashing over your head is The Best it can get for you.If you like old or ugly wait staff, and employees serving you. (To be fair some are not old or ugly but few and far between)You like to wait a long time to get a drink.You like Small Rooms.You like old casino machines.You like tacky decoration.You don’t care about ambiance.Basically, Vegas is located on the strip, not downtown, The Casinos there suck compared to the strip. The entertainment sucks compared to the strip. The people who go here are not attractive or exciting or fun or happy, unless they are stumbling drunk. You do indeed pay for what you get... Pay more and stay at a well known casino hotel on the strip, MGM, New York New York, Belagio, Planet Hollywood, Wynn, Encore, Paris, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandelay Bay, or whatever, Just stay on the Strip, you will enjoy your time and the people around you much more. You don't have to be a model or anything but I guarantee you will not be seeing any of these in the downtown area. I have learned my lesson and will never go back there again. Yuck. I’m not stuck up, I’m not vain. I am a normal guy who likes to have a good time, and feel like I am being treated when I go on vacation. I wish I could stay at Encore (a little too expensive, maybe some day) till then MGM, Mandalay, or the others I listed) Go downtown if you were offended from my comments in the first part of this message. Sounds cross, sounds even mean. However it’s true.	
Jan 7 2009	Its cheap and ugly!!	Okay so we stayed at the Venetian for a few days and downgraded to the Fremont which is away from the Vegas strip. There is nothing nearby but a few rubbishy souvenir shops. The hotel is a non event. You must valet park, then you go into a small lobby and off u go to the most basic room a hotel could offer. It was grubby with no view.I did have a peep at the golden nugget across the road, if u must stay in this area, go there. It is roughly the same price but far more up-to-date, has a pool, better atmosphere and there is a far nicer atmosphere.However, do try Tony Roma's ribs in the Fremont, it is the only eason I'm giving the place 2 stars.	
Dec 30 2008 	Checked in; Checked Out - Immediately	Decided on Fremont because of its location and because I'd heard it was recently renovated. Specifically indicated room was for ONE person and reserved room with 2 full beds. Arrived at 11:30 p.m. Was directed to room with one kingsized bed. Very small room with only available electrical outlet at a location where I could not use CPAP machine. They don't show the bathrooms on the virtual tour for a reason: they are about the size of a gutted walk-in closet - or smaller. Very miniscule shelf space in bath; if I'd left cell phone on shelf to charge (only other electrical outlet), it would have vibrated into toilet. Asked for different room, was told &quot;company policy&quot; is only one bed for one person; not true since I've stayed at other Boyd properties in 2-bedded room. Front desk was not at all helpful. Insisted and was directed to an identical room (and bath) on another floor. At that point, I called Main Street Station (owned by same company) and arranged to stay there; checked out and moved. Main Street comped me for the night that was by then almost over and gave me spaceous room with sufficient electrical access and bathroom facilities. Main Street is cleanest hotel I've ever used.	
Dec 28 2008	Good Value for Vegas	They have really cleaned up the downtown area in recent years. We have never stayed downtown before, but were very impressed with the value. The fremont does not offer self-parking but does have a valet service that was always friendly and fast. The rooms were recently renovated with good taste, and everything was clean and well-kept. The downside to our room was that we had a view of the air conditioner unit, but we couldn't really complain since we only paid $30 CAD a night (which included friday night!). We didn't have the chance to eat at the fremont as they close their buffet for several weeks in december (dec 12ish - jan). The casino is a little bit smokier than others, but was chock full of people at all hours (mostly hawaiians). The front desk staff were very friendly. I would recommend renting a car and staying here, its a better value than strip hotels. Also, try the main street station buffett, its really fantastic (especially for the price!! $7.77 for lunch!).	
Dec 14 2008 	Another Great Stay at the Fremont	Another good stay at the Fremont. This is the first time that we have had a rental car and found the valet to be quick and efficient. As usual check in was a breeze and my request for a refrigerator in the room was delivered upon in a matter of minutes.As I have always said the rooms are small but nice and the staff all over the property is more than friendly. Enjoyed a great meal in Tony Roma's. Love the atmosphere and had a great time. I recommend the Fremont to anyone looking for a good place to stay downtown.	
Oct 23 2008 	Great for the money just don;t expect too much	We stayed here in April 3 of us in a room which worked out to around £10 a head or less. For that you can't complain. It was clean with a good location, as a place to rest your head it was more than adequate. The room was dated but clean, comfy and spacious, just don't expect it to be glizty because it isn't, it does what it need to do. If you fancy a cheap base and would rather spend you money on going out then this place is great. I'd say it was a better room than the Plaza but that could just be luck of the draw. It lacks atmosphere in the casino so for a first timer I'd not go there, you want your Wow factor so the Nugget or a strip hotel would be better, and there is no pool. For a cheap base It is fab but I wouldn't want to be paying over $45 dollars per room for two as there are always deals to be had somewhere. We stayed here for 3 days while the Golden Nugget was expensive ($120 a night) then when their prices went down mid week we moved to the Nugget. It worked well, i'd consider doing a similar split between here and a fancy strip hotel.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great location	Great location right on Fremont Street---famous light show right outside hotel---friendly efficient checkin---nice room---good buffet---helpful valet parking---great value---no problems	
Oct 7 2008	Loved the Fremont	Fremont is close to the bus terminal going to the Strip,pretty much accessible to everything...When we get there, check in is quick, I didn't know that our room is a smoking room, we stayed there for 1 night. then I asked the front desk to change my room the next day which they did.... Everybody is so friendly and the room is super clean. I would recommend this hotel to All... Very good buffet restaurant, there's Tony Roma, Dunkin Donut, We got a $5 ticket for 24 hours to go around the strip, which is really cool... Fremont will always be my choice of hotel, and we will most definitely go back....	
Oct 5 2008 	I totally reccomend this hotel!!!	The Fremont Hotel is a awesome place to stay. My Friend and I meet at least twice a year from Hawaii and San Diego for our Birthdays. We have the best time, and we usually don't venture too far from the hotel. The rooms are always clean and the staff in the casino are very nice. I like eating at Tony Ramos--one of my favorite Restaurants. The Fremont Hotel will always be my choice of places to stay. I like it so much I'm coming back November/2008 with my girlfriend ofcourse!!!	
Oct 3 2008 	A pleasant surprise	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The rooms are really cute. I like the decor in it's attempt to be modern and young. The check-in process is quick and easy. The staff is polite and professional.They only have valet parking in the hotel, but it's free. They just ask that you tip the valets. I did not try any of the restaurants, but I did try the Dunkin Donuts - a handy place to have if you don't have time for a sit down meal. They offer $.99 margaritas and $2.00 Heineken at the bars.I can't speak to the gambling as I didn't do any. We're just there for a place to sleep and it fit the bill for the most part. My only complaint is that it can get really loud. My friend and I went back to our room around 8pm on Saturday night to try and catch a nap before heading out for the evening. It was almost impossible though because of the blaring music coming from Fremont Street. I'd fall alseep and then wakeup when they started a new song. I think the people on the street had to be going deaf because it was insanely loud. Perhaps if we'd gotten a room on a different side of the building it'd have been quieter? Otherwise, the rooms were clean and a decent size. The TV in the room was quite small - I believe it was 19&quot;. One of the smallest I've seen in a hotel room. It's not a hotel for younger guests (my friend and I are in our mid 20s and early 30s). The average age of the guests there I'd guess was around 50. In any case, Fremont was a great deal for the price and I'd probably go back provided I could get a quieter room.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great Location and Staff	We (me and wife) stayed at the Fremont for the weekend of Aug 8-10 before moving to the Stratosphere (see my other review) for Aug 10-15. We were visiting Vegas for our 21st anniversary. The price at the Fremont was half the Stratosphere for the weekend at $54 per night (Fri and Sat night). The room was super clean - a little on the small side - but did have a full King Size bed and full bath - not much else fits in the room. But you know what - it was great for the few hours we actually spent in the room.The staff at this hotel / casino are great from the Valet to front desk to cocktail waitresses and dealers - all super customer service. The check in at the hotel from car drop off at valet to our room took a whole 5 minutes and our check out was even quicker!! The drink service in the casino was better then any other casino we vistted this week (and we went to a lot!)We had champagne brunch both Saturday and Sunday in the buffet - very nice buffet - one of the better ones we ate at. With 2 for 1 from hotel checkin the first day and comped 2 for 1 the second day we had champagne brunch with tip for less then $20 for the two of us.Great $3 blackjack and video poker selection. Nice enough casino with a Dunkin Donuts in the middle for morning coffee.But the best part of this hotel is its location - from our room to the middle of Fremont Street with access to Four Queens, Golden Nugget etc. took less than 3 minutes. Down the hall, down the elevator, short walk through casino and you are outside.Anyways I think you get the idea - this place is great - we wanted to stay downtown for the weekend and experience Fremont Street without having to drive back to the strip at night - and we got a great treat. We may even stay here for the whole week on our next visit.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great cheap stay	OK, I was looking for a cheap hotel to stay in advance of my travelling companion turning up to share on the hotel costs. I was also conscious that I needed this cheap stay over the weekend when Vegas is at its most expensive. The idea of staying downtown then was a brainwave to cover the weekend and then I moved to the Strip for fantastic midweek rates by which time my friend had appeared.The Fremont was the perfect base for downtown. It was £30 / $60 for a Friday and a Sat in June and was just fantastic for the price. The place was clean and safe and right on Fremont St so you could nip down for the hourly light shows of an evening. The room was clean and tastefully if economically decorated. There was one Queen bed as there would not have been room for two beds and the room would have been fine for a couple - and was certainly roomy enough for one. The bathroom was small but roomy enough for two I would have thought - especially if one of you was in the shower! Btw, it was shower only, no bath. The room was spotless. Ice down the end of the hall. Safe in the room. I really couldn't fault the hotel. A brilliant bargain and I would recommend it whole-heartedly. Staff were very friendly.	
Jul 4 2008 	One quick night	I needed 1 night (a Friday) and booked with my Credit Card points so it was a free stay. Very easy to arrive, they only have free valet parking so that was a snap. Check in at 5pm was also a breeze.Room was very clean and bed was very comfortable. The safe had a missing key, called the desk and someone was there in 10 minutes. When he couldn't get the lock changed I went down and they gave me a new room. All staff that we interacted with were very nice. I do not have one complaint. Ate at the Buffet for brunch on Saturday with a 2 for 1 deal, the selection and quality were outstanding.Will stay again.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great as always	Stayed one night at the Fremont on Friday June 13. Since I was staying by myself, my room was small and had one double bed. Clean and comfortable. The one thing I noticed, I had to reserve a smoking room for booking late. Did not think to try and change it upon check in. The room itself did not smell like smoke but my pillows did. Was tired and didn't do anything about it.I really like how you don't have to walk far from the elevators to your room. I don't really like to gamble in the casino here, it's fairly small. I don't care for the food at the Fremont. The buffet is just ok and the food at the Lanai Express is awful (chinese food and shrimp cocktail). However, my sister likes the food at Lanai Express. Golden Gates has a great shrimp cocktail. Good prime rib at the 4 Queens and Binions. Also had a donut about 12:30 in the morning at Dunkin Donuts, it wasn't very fresh. I still love the rooms here and the rates are great. There are other casinos and food close by.	
Jun 14 2008 	Great Place to Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Fremont from June 1-6, 2008. Felt comfortable booking here because of the the reviews we read. The hotel was just as we expected, nothing fancy but comfortable and clean.Checked in around 2pm and the process took less than a minute. Very friendly check in, almost scary that this could take such short time. Felt like everyone knew us like neighbors.Our room did not have a safe (was removed for some reason) so they moved us to another room on the same floor immediately after maintenance came and looked at the room.Bathroom is small but clean and no problem for us. It might be a problem if there were four people trying to get ready for a dressier event at the same time but we just gambled the whole trip. Everything else in the room was just fine. True, there are not many TV channels but there was local news, ESPN, national news, and weather channel.The location is close to everything. Played a lot at Golden Gate because they had $3 blackjack and always openings at the $5 tables. The California was good because the had the Let It Ride table open in the morning. The 99 cent shrimp cocktail at the Golden Gate is great and David Sommers playing the piano at the bar was super. The pickup and drop off for the duece (bus to the strip) was very close. We did not like the gambling at the Fremont because the Let it Ride did not open until about 8pm, we couldn't get on a blackjack table in the evening, and the blackjack table (dealing out of a shoe) was not open in the morning.We ate breakfast at the Fremont every morning and liked the buffet. Can not complain about the price. Two evening meals at the 4 queens was also very good. One evening meal at the California was not very good.Will definately stay here on our future trips. We go to Vegas about once a year or every 9 months. Have stayed on the strip before but found ourselves downtown the whole time.	
May 28 2008	Best Cafe for eating downtown - period	Did not stay at this Casino - but it has the best Cafe for eating downtown. We stayed downtown 5 night and tried lots of places to eat and the Fremont Casino Cafe had the best food. We ate there 4 times.	
May 24 2008 	Great Downtown Property	I spent two nights at the Fremont Hotel in May. I decided to stop in Vegas on the way home to NY from LA and wanted to stay Downtown. I usually stay at the Golden Nugget, but I found the Fremont to be considerably cheaper for those two nights and decided to give it a try to experience something different. Really glad I made the choice! The Fremont Hotel was a very nice, comfortable, clean hotel right in the middle of Fremont Street. I would definitely consider the Fremont Hotel for future visits (as well as The GN).The check-in process can’t be beat. Not one person in line when I arrived. I walked to the front desk (which was about 10 feet from the valet area), gave them my credit card and ID and had my keys in under a minute. Received the King Non-Smoking room I reserved without any problems. Elevators to the rooms were directly behind the front desk (about 5 steps). No long walks through the casino or past crowds. Everything was so easy. The room was very comfortable and clean. The rooms had a nice, modern décor, not the old floral bedspreads and heavy curtains of some downtown properties. The bed and linens were especially comfortable. There was a single armchair and small side table, a dressing bench near the closet and a two drawer dresser which also included the TV. The closet included an iron and safe. Yes, the room was small but it was fine for me as a solo traveler and would be sufficient for a couple. The bathroom was very clean and well-laid out to maximize space. There were two counters that ran the length of the sink/toilet to provide for additional storage. The shower had good pressure. The curtain rod was bowed, providing a bit extra shoulder room in the shower. The towels were of nice quality and were very new (they even shed a bit due to lack of washes I believe). Soap, shampoo, conditioner and hair cap provided. There is also a hair dryer in the bathroom.As for room negatives, there were a few. I didn’t like the look of the armchair in the room – it’s white so it showed a lot of stains. The TV was pretty small and the channel selection was very limited (I think there are 10 channels – two of which are hotel info stations). One of the window shutters didn’t work properly so it limited light in the room. The room safe is key-locked, not code accessed, so one more thing to carry around and worry about losing. That’s about it though. Everything else more than met my expectations. The front desk staff, bars/buffet staff and housekeeping were all very friendly and helpful. Casino table personnel were less friendly, with special criticism of the craps dealers, who were particularly rude to several older customers. They yelled at one older woman repeatedly to toss her chips to the middle for hard-ways bets when it was very clear she had some mobility issues and struggled to toss the chips even a short distance. I guess I thought the dealer’s job was to assist the players! Much better crews (and odds) at Binion’s if you’re a craps player.Ate at the buffet one morning and it was good value for the quality of the food provided but certainly not gourmet dining. The bar in the middle of the casino consistently had some of the best bartenders: friendly, engaging, quick to get a refill, etc. I also liked the addition of a Dunkin’ Donuts in the property for early morning pick-me-ups.Overall, I had a great stay at the Fremont. If you’re looking for a comfortable, clean hotel in the middle of the Fremont Street action, I strongly recommend the Fremont Hotel. It will definitely be on my list the next time I’m in LV.	
May 14 2008 	Comfortable hotel in Old Las Vegas	This was at least my 6th stay at the Fremont in the past ten or so years. I joined other family members there as we celebrated a landmark birthday for my Mother. I like staying downtown in &quot;Old&quot; Las Vegas--everything you need is right there and there are plenty of cheap shuttles or buses if you wish to go to the Strip or to the Mall or anywhere else. As other reviewers have said, the rooms at the Fremont are reasonably priced and adequate. I do not need a fancy hotel, but I like cleanliness and comfort. My bed and pillow were very comfortable and the sheets were crisp and clean; the lady from housekeeping, Katie, was very pleasant and accommodating and asked every day if we wanted our sheets changed. In my Mother's room there was a problem with the water not draining out of the tub, and we reported this; the plumber came right up and discovered the same problem in our neighbor's tub and snaked out the drain. . . I really did not want to know about all this. The bathrooms are small, reminding me of bathrooms in Italian hotels. The water in the shower is marvelously hot and the pressure, great. I loved the view in my room of the Sierra Nevadas and the nearby hotels. Unfortunately, the windows do not open, at all, so you can't get a breath of fresh air. There is an air conditioner/heating unit in the room which makes for some kind of air circulation; despite this, and despite the fact that we were on a no smoking floor, secondhand smoke drifted up through the elevator shaft, I guess, and sometimes came into my room under the door. I rolled up a towel and put it against the space under the door when I went to bed at night. There is also a considerable amount of cigarette smoke in the casino on the lower level which you have to walk through to get to your room. There was a small keyed safe in the room, an ironing board and iron, a hair dryer, plenty of towels, cups, ice bucket, and a TV. The usual pad of hotel paper was missing, there were just a few little pieces of white paper and a pen. Plenty of hangers. An upholstered chair and little table and also suitcase stands. The Fremont provided my Mother with some coupons for discounts in the hotel's restaurants; although they looked nice, the coupons weren't all that much of a bargain. We ate at the Paradise Buffet on a Friday night when it was seafood night, and it was a real disappointment. I guess, being a New Englander, I should know to avoid seafood out West, but this used to be a really nice buffet. I think the restaurant has been cutting corners to save money as the quality was not that high--iceberg lettuce on the salad bar and few interesting raw veggies for the salad; manufactured rolls and desserts; breaded shrimp that looked like Mrs. Paul's, etc. The restaurant space was gorgeous, but the hotel should be more careful because the quality is slipping. I liked the new Dunkin Donuts tucked away in a corner of the casino--nice for an inexpensive coffee and bagel. And we always love the 99 cent margaritas!I am not a wild gambler, but I play the slots a little. I have had one of the casino's &quot;Gold Cards&quot; that you put in the machine to tot up your credits. In all my visits through the years, I have never been able to use my credits for anything because the Fremont says you need to first reach 5,000 credits before you can cash them in for a meal, etc. Well, this is a ridiculous policy. I use my other little card at Binion's Horseshoe across the street and you can redeem your credits, no matter how few they are, towards a meal any time you wish; you don't even have to get a &quot;comp coupon&quot; ahead of time. In general, I would say that everything cost more in all the casinos and restaurants during this visit to Vegas; seems everyone has raised their prices to accommodate the current economy in the U.S. I guess. Even the slots were miserably tight, although I did see a few folks around me hitting four of a kind once in awhile. But no big ones!	
May 12 2008 	It is what it is	I booked the hotel based on the recommendations from other travelers in this site. I got what I expected. The review before mine indicated the hotel had no ice bucket or ice machine but at least on the 7th floor where I stayed there was one next to the stairs. Also Im 5'11'' and had plenty of room while sitting in the toilet. The rooms seemed to be newly remodeled and clean. Like old Vegas hotel/casinos the rooms at the Fremont were designed as a place to crash between gambling binges and not a room to hang out or conduct business. The TV had CNN (plus 9 other channels) and pay per view movies and I thought it was sufficient. This is the first time I stayed Downtown and I think Im coming back. If you want to visit other casinos within walking distance and cheap prices on booze and food the Fremont is the place.	
May 7 2008	A basic hotel with no extras	This is a basic hotel. If you want extras, you won't get it here. The room was clean, average size, but missing alot of amenities that you might not even think about until you need them. It did not have a desk, any internet service in the room, or ice bucket because the hotel has no ice available. The hotel has no fitness center and no business center. The bathroom was a little cramped. There's something about knocking your knees on the door while sitting on the toilet. The TV was small and only had very basic channels. I guess they want you down in the casino gambling, not up in your room watching TV. It is fine if you are just sleeping in it, which most people coming to Las Vegas are doing. But I'm here on business and it's a little difficult without a few of the business related amenities. I was also disappointed to see that there was not an extra security lock on the door. As a single person traveling, I appreciate the extra security lock, and notice when it's not there. The price was definitely good. It's in the old section of town, on Fremont Street, but there is easy access by bus to the newer section of town if you want to wander.	
May 4 2008 	Great downtown experience	I've stayed in several downtown Vegas hotels but this was the first time I booked a room at the Fremont. I was pleasantly surprised; yes the room is small and bathroom even smaller, but the room was clean and bed was comfortable. The hotel employees were friendly and our requests were taken care of promptly. Check in was the fastest I've ever experienced and I never had to wait for an elevator. I didn't care much for the food but they did have a good coffee spot. The only negative thing I can say about the Fremont is their lack of room darkening drapes. They have plantation shutters&gt;&gt;&gt;come on this is Vegas. After pulling an all nighter the last thing I wanted to see was the sun in my eyes. I like to stay up most of (or all) the night and sleep late when I visit Las Vegas. I wish the Fremont would change their window coverings. But that's just my own personal gripe. Overall I had a fantastic time at the Fremont.	
May 3 2008 	Explaining mixed Reviews	For those who pay for their own travel and want a clean, safe, reasonable hotel room than this is a good bet. My wife and I stayed in the Luxor for two nights, went to the Grand Canyon for some hiking and then needed a place to stay before an early morning flight. The first room we were given was right next to “the Fremont experience” light and sound show side of the hotel. The room was a suite, fairly large, had a fridge, and had not been remodeled in awhile. We asked for another room since I was concerned about the noise from the light and sound show (The front desk said that the light show was over at midnight so there should not be a problem still gave us a new room).The next room we were given was on the other side on the hotel was next to the banquet hall on the second floor. The was a banquet going on until 10:00pm but not really a problem. Second room had been redone within the last 2-4 years and was nicer than the first room - no fridge. If you are expecting the Luxor or updated hotel on the strip you will not get it. Paid $80 for the Luxor room during the week and was told the same room would be $200 for a Friday or Saturday night. Paid $80 for the Fremont room on a Saturday night. One reason for not giving it a &quot;5&quot; is that there are not many food options around the hotel.	
Apr 16 2008 	Humble but a great value	I'd simply say 'ditto' to the other reviews here, but that wouldn't help much. But since I won't be covering new ground, I'll try to keep it brief; read more reviews for more details.It started with a great rate when I booked my room from the hotel web site. A week later, the rate had dropped, and when I emailed, they matched the new rate. By the time I checked in, the rate was up again, but I still paid the lower price I had locked in.Check-in was friendly, painless and fast. The elevators were across from the front desk; no extra walks on narrow paths between slot machines. The room was small but adequate; so was the bathroom. It was all clean, and the bed was soft and comfortable. Adjustable wooden shutters filtered most of the morning light from the window. The old-fashioned air conditioner cooled the room just right when running at full blast. The TV channel selection was very basic, but had the local networks, the Weather Channel, TBS and ESPN. Free shampoo, conditioner and lotion. There was a wall safe too small for most laptops, an iron and ironing board, a hair drier, but no coffee maker.There were several very well-priced dining options and a 24-hour Dunkin Donuts. It was an easy walk to the entertainment of Fremont Street, or to catch the 108 city bus going to the Convention Center or the airport.You'd never call this place a luxury hotel, so I can't rate it 5 of 5. But it's adequate in every way and a great value. If you don't need a pool, the Fremont should work well for you.	
Apr 14 2008 	Good risk!	Stayed at the Fremont Hotel April 11-13. Was initially worried because our booking was done at the last minute and this was the most reasonably-priced hotel we could find (we wondered whether there was somehting wrong with it). Well, the hotel was certainly good for the price!We had a late check-in and didn't encounter any problems. We got the two beds we requested and going to the room was a breeze - the elevator was right across from the registration desk (no long walks!) and our room was two doors down from the elevator. The room was certainly nice. It was clean and updated, and had an Asian touch - from the window shutters and the decor, to the carpet that had a bambo design. The bathroom wasn't as small as I had feared and I liked the fact that the towel rack wasn't above the toilet as where most hotels disgustingly place theirs.We had good meals at The Paradise Buffet. Even for breakfast, the items were heavy and the selection was good. The price was $10.99, however, and not $6+, as we were there on a weekend. The hotel has a Dunkin Donuts branch, but If you want to purchase any food there, my advice woud be to get them ONLY in the morning when they're fresh.For those unfamiliar with the Fremont Street Experience or the hotel area, the hotel's official address is on Fremont St. but drivers can't use that road to locate the hotel. From south Las Vegas Blvd, go past Fremont St. and make a left on the next block (Ogden St.) and make another left after 3rd St. and look for the building's parking entrance on the left. The hotel has no self-parking option (valet-only but free), so be prepared for extensive tipping if you decide to keep using your vehicle for city trips.	
Apr 8 2008	Awesome Stay	We just completed our stay at the Fremont Hotel &amp; Casino and had a great time. The staff there was wonderful and went out of there way to assist us (we even had the Slot Floor Supervisor, Pam Carrollo search for my husband because she had accidentally done something wrong on his players card and wanted to correct it). Even the housekeeper on our floor was fun. Every morning when we left our room (still feeling the effects from the night before) she would greet us with a big smile and a huge &quot;GOOD MORNING&quot;, which made it a little easier to start our next day. The buffet was great and the casino offers exclusive table games which we found to be a blast. The room was a little small, but had everything we needed for our stay (including a view of Fremont Street). Can't wait to go back!!! Well worth the price!!!	
Mar 27 2008 	More than Excellent!!!!	WOW!!!! We got a real cheap price using Kayak.com... Not expecting much, esp. from an older hotel/ casino, were we treated like royalty. Upon arrival, our vehicle was valet parked. At the desk, we were upgraded, w/o asking to a suite. Our accomodations were impeccable. We enjoyed our suite, the restaurant (an excellent buffet), and some gambling. Not once did we feel pressure to drink, gamble or partake in anything we did not feel comfortable doing. We felt absolutely at home and enjoyed everything offered. Would we stay there again? In a heartbeat! I am physically disabled and EVERYTHING was accessible.	
Mar 22 2008 	What a bargain!	We stayed 2 nights at the Fremont, March 16 and 17, 2008. We received a mailer based on past play, one night $29, one night free. You can't beat that, not during March Madness and St. Patrick's day.Upon arrival we found the check in and lobby area newly remodeled since our last visit of July 2007. It looked fresh and organized, friendly staff had us in our room on the 7th floor within minutes. We had a double room, non smoking, very clean, but small. That was OK with us as we are not ones to spread stuff out all over the place. The TV was old, but no worse than mine in the kitchen at home, LOL! It had the weather channel which is all we needed. The bedding was all white, very nice no stains, etc. I read another post where someone complained about the beds. We did not find them uncomfortable, in fact we slept like babies until the sun peeked thru the shutters about 10 am. In room safes are a nice plus too.The casino was fun; we found lots of slots that we enjoy playing.If we receive another offer for our July trip, we will be back.	
Mar 18 2008 	Terrible Experience	I travel to Vegas every two weeks and stay on Fremont quite often. The room was small and the TV outdated,especially compared to the 4 Queens just across the street. No inroom internet access and no room service made this feel like a 1950's trip. I caught a stomach virus and when requested late checkout I was told no twice. Finally a manager gave me 5pm,as my fever was over 100,but charged my 66$ for a few extra hours. If I had to stay here again, I would not go back to Vegas. It was that bad. The Manager at the front desk was far from professional,and should not be in her position. Stay elsewhere.	
Mar 15 2008 	Great Value Great Location Rooms are brand new Employees very nice	Stayed at the Fremont Feb 20-23, 2008. The room was newly remodled and very clean. Like everyone else says, the bathroom is small, but manageable. Only complaint about the room was the drain didnt drain well in the tub. My Wife and I loved the hotel and casino, everyone was very nice, and had great drink service. The Fremont is also right in the middle of the Fremont Experience, so you can walk everywhere without losing your breath (like on the strip). The valet parking is free and fast (make sure you throw them a buck or two when they give you your car), and it is easy to get to from the airport. We ate at the Tony Romas for dinner, for the $11 steak and lobster, which was great and couldnt beleive they dont charge more for it! We ate at the buffet once for breakfast, they have a big selection and cheap prices. We would defenitely stay there again. It was only $45/nt for the weeknights, and $110 for the friday we were there. Again, highly recommended!	
Mar 3 2008 	Nice stay	We only stayed one night here, but we were very happy with the property. The front desk staff were all very friendly and checked us in very quickly. The room was nice. The bed was fairly comfortable, but the bathroom was a little small. That, to us wasn't a big deal. I was very happy with the room itself. No major complaints. We ate at the buffet for breakfast and it was wonderful. I would stay there again any time.	
Mar 2 2008 	Friendly environment	The Hotel must have been recently renovated. The bedroom they gave us was on the 7th floor. Fremont St was visible, however, the music was minimal. Also we had a great view of the surrounding mountains. It was a nicely decorated bedroom and had ample space. The bathroom, however, was on the small side. We were greeted by the friendliest staff at check-in. Most of the patrons were elderly (My GF and I are in our 20s) but it was suprisingly fun considering most people were helpful with the games we were playing. I would def stay here again. Just to experience Old Las Vegas far from the modern glitz. It was convenient to the Fremont St experience and other establishments. And the price was great.	
Feb 27 2008 	Nice hotel but I wouldn't stay there again	My husband and I stayed at the Fremont for several days for our anniversary. We prefer the charm and ease of downtown to the glitz and glamour of the strip. I had heard that the Fremont had been remodeled, which is primarily the reason I wanted to stay there. Upon entering the hotel room, I was pleased with the decor. The furniture is new and the bedding and textiles are very modern and appealing, although the chair (and there is only one) was somewhat dirty. The bathrooms are very small, only allowing room enough for one person to be in there at the time, but that wasn't a problem for us. The bathtub was nice and spacious, so that was a plus. The real problems began at night when it was time to sleep. The bed was as hard as a rock. You would think with the money the hotel spent to upgrade the rooms, that they could have also splurged and upgraded the old matresses, but that didn't appear to be the case. Not only was the bed terribly uncomfortable, but the pillows were as well. The bedding was not user friendly at all, as the bedding consisted of a white flat sheet, covered with a cheap mock feather down blanket, topped with another white flat sheet. It may sound silly, but it was hard to keep the bedding straight with the 2 white sheets and white blanket. I am normally a person who sleeps in but I was up at 6:00am that first morning and couldn't wait to get out of the bed. My husband and I both had said we woke up every half hour of the night in discomfort. The next night was slightly easier since we knew what to expect, but again, I woke up stiff and in pain.I know people say they don't need a comfortable bed in Vegas because you don't really sleep much, but trust me, you do! Aside from the uncomfortable bed, small bathroom and lack of usable furniture, the hotel was nice. We ate at the Paradise Buffet twice for breakfast and although the service wasn't great, you can't beat an all you can eat breakfast for 6 bucks! The hotel employees seemed nice, although my interraction with them was brief upon checking in. If you want a tasefully decorated room in a fun Casino and don't mind cramped quarters and a board-like bed, then the Fremont is for you. But being a person who values sleep and comfort, I won't stay here again.	
Feb 21 2008 	Great place to stay eat 	I stay at the Fremont 3-4 times a year. Just recently had to stay at Ballys (because of business) and I would have rather stayed at this favorite. The rooms have been remodeled, the buffet is one of the best in downtown. They even have a Zagat-rated restaurant with a phenomental T-bone steak dinner deal. It's conveniently located where I can walk to the Walgreens, movie theaters, other hotel casinos (try the Main St Hotel buffet...), and I can walk one block to the bus station and go to the strip for $2.In the past year, I've stayed at the Venetian, Treasure Island, Ballys and the LV Hilton. The small-town atmosphere of this hotel and casino keeps me coming back. Where else can you find $5 blackjack/craps tables, friendly dealers, waitresses and hosts? I'm a $5-10 BJ player and I get full room comps. The strip hotels don't even want to see your players card unless you're playing at $25 a hand. They've got a lot of the new slots, but if your luck turns bad or want a different machine, the other downtown casinos are literally 20 steps away.I hope that not too many will read this review, because if this little secret gets out, it will make it harder for me to get a room there when I'm in town.	
Feb 10 2008 	Good location great casino	The room was average, but the staff was friendly and the casino was great. We would stay here again.	
Feb 10 2008 	Nice hotel and casino- Great Value!!	Okay okay, I know the Golden Nugget is the &quot;best&quot; place to stay downtown. But with the prices they were charging, I decided to go with the Fremont for about half. Well let me say that we came here from two nights at the Flamingo and this was a welcome change! The whole property has recently been redone. Everything is kind of retro-modern in the decor. The rooms were in very nice shape and the casino and lobby areas were clean, fresh, and nicely decorated. I was really impressed.We checked in early, they had a room for us immediately. Do not be expecting any 'views' from the hotel, but we could see Binion's out our window and part of the Fremont Street Experience. The windows opened, too which was very useful. The room is on the small side, but plenty for two people. Bathroom is admittedly cramped, but functional. The food at the Buffet is above average in my opinion, and for the price it has real value. Dinner was $28 for me and my hubby. They had made to order steaks, a carving station, wide selection of seafood and fish, desserts, etc. We ate here twice. The Lenai Express place had some Asian dishes and quickie type food. We also ate at Tony Roma's, again great, and between 4:30 and 7:30 they have a full prime rib dinner for $8! Very good and again great value. Oh and don't miss the $1 margarita's at the casino bar!Downtown Vegas itself has pros and cons. The police are out everywhere, so as long as you stick to the main &quot;drag&quot; you will be safe. That being said, there are more &quot;undesirables&quot; hanging around the casinos than on the strip. I am not a prejudiced or snobby person, but you can tell when a homeless guy gets a buck and comes and sits next to you at a slot. But again, security in the casinos was great, and a once I saw a pit boss ask a guy to leave cause he was sleeping at the blackjack table. Considering the price and the actual size of the property, I was really happy with our stay here. The casino was larger than I thought it would be and even larger than some of the neighboring hotels (Las Vegas Club, 4 Queens). Comparing the Fremont to the other hotels nearby, I am glad I decided to stay here. Everything was new, fresh, service was great and I took some money home! Will stay here again if we decide to visit Downtown Vegas on our next trip.	
Feb 3 2008 	good experience at the Fremont	stayed at the Fremont the last time in vegas. We have always loved the downtown area- it has the feel of living in a small town very close to a huge city. The fremont was clean &amp; the rooms are very small but functional. There are tub/shower combos in the rooms. We got a very good deal on the room (like $32 a night). Ate at the Second Street Grill- the steaks were very good &amp; the setting was dark &amp; romantic. The cost was under $100 for meal, a drink &amp; spilt a dessert. Also, ate breakfast at the buffet- it was decent for a regular breakfast.The Fremont even took care of us when our flight was cancelled &amp; we had to stay an extra night.	
Jan 31 2008 	Great "Mid Canopy" Downtown Hotel 	This was my first stay at the Fremont. I like the 4 Queens but I like trying a different hotel each trip which is why I normally split my stays between at least 2 hotels. I found a great rate over MLK weekend, Friday and Saturday at $40 per night. Arrived very late in the evening and check-in was a breeze and the registration clerk was very helpful and friendly. Lobby looks to be newly renovated. Room was just a little on the small side but how much room can one person take up! Room was very clean, nicely furnished and the heat/ac worked just fine. Boyd needs to add a coffee maker to the rooms though. I hate trecking through a casino for a cup of coffee. The hallways were very quiet which made for some good sleeping. I didn't eat at any of the restaurants so I can't comment on that. Their cocktail/drink service could be a lot better, few and far between. Overall, I liked the Fremont and would definately stay there again. Downtown is so much fun!	
Jan 28 2008 	Great Value for the $$	I had a non-smoking room with a king bed. The room seemed to be recently renovated and the furnishings were reminiscent of those boutique hotels that are cropping up in the big cities. I was very impressed with the bed linens, none of those ubiquitous polyester bedcovers (see picture). The bed was firm but not hard. The room was small (but not European small) with enough room for two people. The bathroom counter and sink was below standard U.S. heights. I'm 5 foot 4 inches and I felt like a giant in there. The towels were neither threadbare nor fluffy and they did the job they were designed do. My room overlooked the Fremont Street Experience and I could hear a constant hum/thrum in the room at nights. The television small with limited free stations. I would like to have a better selection of channels. An mini-refigerator and a cofee maker would also have been nice. The only area in the room that didn't seem updated was where the luggage, clothes hangers and iron/ironing board were stored (see picture). There was also a &quot;safebox&quot; that locked with a key. It was pretty flimsy by way of a safe, but at least you could lock up any valuables.I had breakfast and dinner at the Paradise Buffet which served mediocre to average fare. I feel I got a good value for the price paid -- better ambience compared to a similarly priced (overpriced) property like Best Western, Ramada Inn, Hampton Inn, Holiday Inn and others of that calibre.	
Jan 17 2008 	Handy to Everything!!	Stayed at the Fremont Jan.5-9, 2008. We arrived by 11am and the front desk had our room ready. We have stayed on the strip and usually at the Golden Nugget but decided to try the Fremont. What a great choice me made. All personel were very friendly and willing to help from the front desk, house cleaning to the bell hop. Such a great location as you can be on Fremont Steet in seconds. We ate at the Paradise buffet for breakfast and dinner and found it to be a wonderful bargin. A Sams Town shuttle bus stops at the side door, by schedule all day long. Great fun to go there as Sams even has a movie theater which we went to - got us away from the machines. Yes, the room are small but the bed is great. We kept the widow open all day for fresh air and never needed any heat. If you want a nice, clean room at an easy to get around place then this is for you!! We would stay there again, no question. If you want big and fancy do yourself a favor and don't stay here, you will be unhappy!!	
Jan 13 2008 	A Perfect Fit	I just spent six days at The Fremont and was delighted that there is still a truly friendly place left in Las Vegas. Every employee I had contact with was kind, helpful and eager to meet my needs. This was everyone from management to custodian. As the owner of a lodging establishment I can only tell you that this seems to be almost impossible to achieve.Rooms are newly updated and well kept plus very quiet. The bathroom may be a bit small for some but served me just fine.Housekeeping staff could not do more to make sure my needs were met, they asked me, not the other way around.Had my best meal in Las Vegas at The Second Street Grill inside The Fremont. Please do yourself a big favor and order the Sizzling Spinach Salad, a meal onto itself.My first time to stay downtown in &quot;Glitter Gulch&quot; on the Fremont Experience. I will not return to The Strip again. Great security and well maintained area, no people pushing all the nudey cards at you that just litter the strip. Plus it is very easy to get around, public transportation readily available, or easy freeway access just blocks away.	
Jan 13 2008	Disgusting--Don't set foot in the place	This joint is so old it is disgusting, dirty and things are falling apart, not to mention the ventilation system. The rooms are very small and musty smelling. The right hand/cold water faucet on our sink broke off and the shower/tub was filthy...you turned on the water and the bottom became dangerously slippery. Then, we tried to turn on the 60's thermostat and once the fan came on, my husband went into a violent coughing attack because so much dust blew out of the vents and into the room.This place needs to be imploded NOW.	
Jan 6 2008 	Our favorite hotel/casino in Vegas!	Let me start out by stating that we prefer Downtown to any other area of Vegas. While not as glitzy or ritzy, it has a more authentic, old-school feeling than the Disnyfied Strip that is more geared to adults than to families. That being said, the accomodations are generally not as luxurious as those found on the Strip, but there are several clean and comfortable hotels to choose from. But, who goes to Vegas to hang out in their hotel room anyway?We have stayed/played at the Fremont many times and always have a great time! We usually receive comps to stay there for free, but even if we don't have comps, it is our first choice of places to stay/play downtown. When we were planning our wedding (7/7/07 - an incredibly busy time in Vegas), I called the Fremont because they were sold out and we had no offers for that weekend. We were willing to pay for a room to stay there (over all other downtown hotels which had availability). When I told them that we had become engaged in their casino during our previous stay and that we were returning to Vegas to get married and would rather pay full rate to stay at the Fremont instead of any other hotel (many which had availability), they not only made room for us, but they comped our stay! This is indicative of the level of customer service and the generally warmer, more intimate atmosphere at the Fremont that keeps us coming back for more.The hotel was recently renovated and the rooms, while not expansive, are tasteful, clean, and cozy. We are always quite comfortable there. The check-in is quick and easy, and we always find the staff to be very accomodating.We always have a great time in the casino and rarely venture out to play elsewhere. The cocktail service is generally reliable, and the cocktail waitresses are friendly (Remember to tip your server! These ladies work hard!). Sometimes we win...sometimes we don't; however, we generally feel like we get decent play for our money (as opposed to some casinos that seem to suck the money out of our wallets).We have eaten weekend brunch there many times (champagne brunch on Saturdays and Sundays). While the selection is not overwhealming (as in some of the strip buffets) they hit the right notes. There is a carving station, omlette bar, cold seafood selection, salad bar, the usual breakfast selections, and some other various hot/cold foods. The food always hits the spot, and the servers aren't stingy with the champagne. Plus the price can't be beat!We've also dined at the Second Street Grill (the upscale restaurant in the center of the casino). This is one of the better restaurants in the downtown area. The menu leans toward &quot;pacific rim&quot; but also offers steaks and other more &quot;traditional&quot; dishes. The food is delicious and high-quality, the presentation is beautiful, and the room is warm and intimate. We have stayed at almost all the other hotels downtown (including the Golden Nugget [the most upscale hotel, but we found it to be large and impersonal and a bit snooty and wannabe strip-like], the Plaza [mixed experiences - it's been a while, but it felt a bit gritty back in the day], Vegas Club [OK rooms but lacks personality], Golden Gate [really quaint and cozy in a bygone ere kind of way and great shrimp cocktails], Four Queens [again, nice rooms but slightly impersonal], Binions [not the same since it lost the &quot;Horseshoe&quot;, the Benny's Natural breakfast special and the million dollar display], the Fitz [OK but generic], and Lady Luck [before it closed]) but our first choice for playing and staying downtown is easily the Fremont!	
Dec 24 2007 	Nice place for the money	We stayed at the Fremont Hotel for two nights, 12/19 and 12/20. Upon entering the room we noticed that it was on the smaller side. However, it looked as though it had totally been redone recently. The room was updated and looked very nice. The bathroom was also very small, but also looked as if had recently been updated. The room was very clean and comfortable. We slept well on the bed and the room was quiet. Although we didn't have the greatest view, we got what we asked for, a king bed in a non smoking room. For the short amount of time we spent in the room, the view didn't matter. Everybody from the check in staff, to the valet to the cleaning staff were all very pleasent and nice. We have stayed on the strip many times, but looked to save a few bucks on the room for extra gambling money by staying downtown. We are glad that we did, and would stay at the Fremont again. It is not a mega resort with glitsy shows and sights, but is more than sufficient if you want a clean cheaper priced room to sleep in down town. Give it a shot if you plan on trying a stay downtown. The casino was also decent, however there is no poker room. We enjoyed the dowtown atmosphere for gambling, and took a drive to the strip to see a show, but returned downtown for a cheaper gamble. We will be back to the Fremont.	
Nov 11 2007 	Excellent stay at the Fremont	I took a solo trip to LV and stayed at the Fremont for three comped nights from November 6-9. I was in Room 418 near the elevator. The room was very clean with a comfortable King bed. I stay often at the Fremont and am always satisfied with my visits there. The room is not large, and the bathroom is small, but I consider the Fremont to be an excellent value Downtown. The housekeeping is very good with helpful and friendly staff. I look forward to my next stay at the Fremont.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great value Downtown	Having stayed at the Golden Nugget last time we stayed Downtown, we though we'd try out the Fremont and I have to stay it was excellent value for money. Ok - so the casino is a bit dowdy but the check-in was effortless and the room itself clean and comfortable. The bathroom size was smallish but everything functioned satisfactorily. Considering the price we paid, we could not have hoped for better.We would happily recommend the hotel to anyone staying downtown.	
Sep 14 2007	had a great time	I received my stay as a free comp in the mail. Was surprised to receive a 5 day 4 nite stay. But I took them up on it and am very glad I did. The room was small, but very clean, anyway thats all anyone needs. Only used it to clean up and sleep. Nice comfortable bed and pillows and new furnishings. It was always made up and cleaned early every day. We got there early and was able to check in right away which was great. The buffet was excellent. I enjoyed staying on Fremont street, much better than the strip. Its like a big party every nite. So much to see, without all the walking. Thank you Fremont for the invite. I hope to return.	
Sep 5 2007 	Geat location. Great price	This hotel was provided for in a package deal from Vacations Hawaii so the price was a excellent. The room was clean and the staff members were friendly though the hotel's parking only allows for valet parking. Sorry no self parking.Would definately stay here again due to the price and downtown location.	
Jul 31 2007 	A Decent Bargain Hotel	I had a room at the Flamingo booked for July 22-25 (Sun --Wed) for a great rate of $60/night. However, most of the hotels on the strip (and many off of the strip) were running $120-$250 for Saturday, July 21. I was traveling with my wife and we both realized that this was waaaay too much to pay for a room when that we would spend so little time in. My first thought was the Orleans, but their rooms were running around $120/night for a Saturday stay. With this in mind, I checked around and found a $60/night rate at the Fremont. We had never stayed downtown before but figured we would give it a try....As others have stated, the room itself was clean and VERY small. Some of the furniture looked updated, but gernally speaking, the room itself was VERY old and dated looking (same for the hallways and common areas). The a/c worked ok but not great and the T.V. got very few channles. However, none of this was very important because after a long day of traveling all we did was fall asleep anyway.In summary, If you're looking for BASIC accomodations at a bargain price in downtown Vegas I think the Fremont fits the bill without a problem. I think if I find myself in the same siutation again I will try the El Cortez or head out to a &quot;local&quot; spot like Sam's Town for the one night stay.	
Jul 31 2007	Fremont Hotel	Stayed at the &quot;Fremont for the second time. Not a negative thing to say. Hotel staff very accomadating. We asked for a king non smoking room. It was small but very nice. Comfortable bed and nice linens. We were asked what part of the hotel we would like. I asked for a room away from the Fremont exxperience where it would be quiet. That was not a problem. Never heard any noise. The room attendent was very good. We have no problem with the Fremont and would stay there again. Love downtown. It is very fun and cozy. The strip is fun for us to visit, but not to swtay there.	
Jul 28 2007 	The All NEW Fremont!	OK, I got to admit, I like dirty, dingy, downtown Vegas. I like to play awhile at one place and then move on to the next place, all without breaking a sweat!I have stayed in lots of Vegas hotels and when I stay and play downtown, I end up at either the Fremont or the Golden Nugget. This last visit we stayed at a comped room at the newly renovated Fremont. No, the casino, lobby and main areas are all the same, but the rooms have all been tastefully redone and they are very, very nice.Subtle tones, new bedding, and a shower curtain rod that keeps the curtain from flying all over the place during a shower.Sure the Fremont isn't the Wynn, nor does it try to be. The rooms are tiny and old Vegas. Back in the day players weren't expected to stay in their rooms, they were expected to be on the casino floor, so the old rooms are small. But hey, they are really clean, nicely redecorated, comfortable and cheap.If you want the big mega tourist resorts, stick to the Strip. But if you want that old Vegas feeling, check out the newly renovated Fremont.	
Jul 8 2007	Loved the Fremond	This was the best hotel I've ever stayed in Las Vegas! Never had stayed downtown and I will only stay at the Fremont when I return to Vegas! The location was excellent and the room was exceptionally clean! The blinds were a great alternative to curtains!! The room was quiet and just perfect!!!! I can't wait to stay there again!! Taxis were easy to find to get to go the strip! The food choices were so much better downtown and the prices were so reasonable! Also, the security was very visable not only in the hotel but the entire downtown area!! Highly recommend the Fremont!! My new home in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 23 2007 	Great For One Person	I found the room to be small, but comfortable and very clean. The remodeled room is soothing and quiet. Nice textures. I was one person in the room, and just right for me, with a king-size bed, chair and ottoman. I think it would be fine for a couple that doesn't need to spread out. In my opinion, it would be too smallfor people needing two double beds.The bathroom is very small. Think &quot;cruise ship with a tub&quot;. Again, perfectly fine for me as a solo. Or anyone who just wants the basics and no need to spread out.Dining is not an issue. Nice buffet, coffee shop, Tony Roma, and plenty of other dining options just steps away at the other casinos.The only thing I'd like to change in the room is to have the air conditioner blow out into the room, not just up to the ceiling in front of the window. But, as long as I left the air on low cool all day, it was comfortable when coming back to the room.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great place to stay	This hotel was great. The valet and registration attendants were very friendly. The rooms were all redone a year ago and were very nice. Nice comfy bed, nice bathroom, etc. Really enjoyed staying here in the downtown atmosphere. They also share a pool with the California hotel across the street-very easy to get to and easy to use. Would definitely recommend this hotel!	
May 23 2007 	not as bad as I expected	I ended up staying here one night on a business trip because all the other hotels were booked or way too expensive. It was $80 and based on the reviews here I thought it couldn't be too bad. The valet parking, hotel registration, and elevators were very conveniently located. They upgraded me to a suite, which was unfortunately right next to the elevators. The suite was small but quaintly furnished, very cute. You can tell the rooms are old, the bathroom is tiny, but they have tried to update it with modern decor. No room service, so I had to eat at the cafe. I had the Singapore Noodles, very good. For some reason the restaurant was not open at 6:45 when I came down for breakfast so I went across the street to the Starbucks at the Golden Nugget.	
May 8 2007 	4th time we've stayed!	We come to LasVegas at least twice a year. The past 2 years we have stayed at the Fremont! Nothing fancy but, everything we need. The staff is very friendly &amp; helpful. We ALWAYS do better at the slots atthe Fremont than we have ever done anywhere else! The buffett was good &amp; Had good service at the steak house! We love the atmosphere at &quot;Fremont Street&quot; - layed back &amp; comfortable!! We take the shuttle to the Strip a couple of days &amp; enjoy that also but, Really Love Fremont Street!! It's an experience!! Can't wait to come back and stay in November!!	
Apr 15 2007 	Good Deal at Fremont	Stayed a the Fremont April 10-13, 2007. No charge for room under the April Slot Marathon promotion recieved in the mail. We have gambled at the Fremont before, but this was our first stay. No complaints, great at the price!Quick and easy check in at 2:00 PM on Tuesday afternoon. No self parking, valet only, but quick service, never waited more than a couple minutes for the car. Room 1127 was a few doors down from the elevator. Yes, the rooms are small, but they are nicely decorated, and are well appointed. Comfortable bed, no charge wall safe, hair dryer, ironing board and iron. King size bed was very comfortable, and the pillows very soft, we each needed two each, provided very cheerfully by the maid. The TV has only a few channels, but they are the most needed by a traveler, TWC and CNN and the local channels. Who needs a TV in Vegas other than to check the weather? The AC/heater worked fine, and was just loud enough to screen any incidentalnoise from the hall.The bathroom is also small, one person at a time, but everything is clean and functional. Good water pressure, and the shower head was plenty high enough for me (5'10&quot;).The decor in the rooms has a retro 50's feel. Especially the carpet. But it works and looks great! Everything was clean and fuctional. Thestaff was pleasant and helpful. We would definitly stay at the Fremont again. It's not the Bellagio, but is a great value for a stay downtown.p_jay2001	
Apr 3 2007 	Clean Cheap but not Glamorous!!!!	This was my first trip to Las Vegas and my friend and I stayed for two nights at the Fremont. The hotel was what I was looking for - inexpensive. Overall, the rooms were pretty clean and I liked the recent renovation. HOWEVER, if you are looking for an exciting casino/hotel with good amenities I would definitely NOT recommend staying at the Fremont. I wish the room would have been brighter. I was also disappointed by the lack of channels on cable for when I woke up with a hangover :)I would recommend this place if you are looking for a cheap stay downtown. I would recommend Paris Las Vegas if you're looking to spend a little extra to stay in a posh place with young people aroundyou.	
Mar 25 2007 	Nice hotel for the price	This hotel reminds me of an upgraded Days Inn. We had room 1007. Very clean. Two double beds. We arrived at 11:30 pm and there were people still at the front desk. Very quick check in. Bathroom was tiny. Two people can't stand in there comfortably at the same time. Shower was very good, great water pressure.Sheets were clean. They have a sign in the bathroom that if you take the towels, pillows, or washcloths you will be billed a fee that ranges from $10 - $40. I think they were serious. LOL. The pillows are down and very soft, so I can see where someone might want to steal them. Requests for extra pillows, towels, etc was met with cheerful politeness. Everyone was so darn nice!! It was refreshing. We didn't eat at any of the hotels restaurants but I did get a snack at the Lanai express at 4am. I had the best burger and fries. Between the hours of 12am to 7am they serve a limited menu of breakfast and burgers etc. Great for when you finally look at your watch and realize you missed all of the regular restaurants.Overall a great stay. If you get a players card they will probably hit your email up for offers.	
Mar 11 2007	more than slow ribs.............	sigh............... a 2 1/2 hour wait to eat at Tony Roma's with one poor waitress trying to take care of the whole room. The Paradise Buffet was great with such a cute waitress. Thank you Ana! The Fremont refused to cash my company (My Company) check, but it was a short two blocks to B of A. It was my first time at the Fremont and my first time to Vegas in about 20 years, what a change! One of the cocktail waitresses had a terrible attitude at the tables with a lady and one of our party and the girl at the front desk was more than unhelpful when I brought up my check dilemna. salt and peppa vacation wrecka...............	
Jan 29 2007	What a pleasant surprise!!!	I stayed at the Fremont for 3 nights and wished it could have been longer but alas we had booked a room on the strip for our last 2 nights. Our room was on the 14th fl. and it was very clean and nice. The furniture was a little dated but very comfortable. I found all the staff to be friendly and helpful. I loved playing the slots and my slot host, Bennett, was so accessible and nice. We ate at the Paradise buffet and the food was just okay. Check in was a breeze and never waited more than a few mins. at the Players Club desk. They are very generous with their offers and I will be coming back. I had stayed at the Golden Nugget before and while the rooms might have been a little bigger, and a little nicer, the Fremont was far more friendly, slots looser and I felt my play was appreciated more.	
Jan 10 2007	Great place to stay	We have stayed at 2 other hotels on Fremont Street, this by far is the best we have seen. The rooms are well kept and quiet, the people are great. This also happens to be the cheapest hotel we could find which supprised us to see it so nice and well kept. We will be back.	
Nov 26 2006 	Mahala Baby!	What a well kept secret! I haven't visited Downtown Vegas since the neon cowboy's arm actually moved and said &quot;Howdy Partner&quot;! But, when all the Strip hotels were either booked or very overpriced this Thanksgiving weekend, I took a chance and looked at the hotels downtown, which are now part of the Fremont Experience. This is one of the original old school Las Vegas hotels built in 1956. I imagine this hotel has had several renovations over the past 50 years, but there has been a recent renovation just two months ago. And, it is a huge success! The guest rooms are decorated nicely into a tropical resort theme featuring most notably, white planation shutters on the windows. Usually those older hotels have a some-what overpowering odor from all the years of tobacco users puffing away inside. This hotel has been very well rid of that particuar problem and doesn't have that lingering sensory issue. I noticed that our Hawaiian brothers and sisters have found their way to this hotel in masses. I know that Las Vegas is one of the most preferred vacation destinations for our Hawaiian travelers. So, the Hawaiians can't all be wrong! Also, when you walk out onto the Fremont area, it is fantastic the way the street was closed and transformed into an area filled with lights, music, and life where visitors can experience a block-party atmosphere while walking between the adjacent hotels, casinos, outdoor vending carts and businesses. I can't wait to visit the Fremont again and bring new friends to enjoy the experience!	
Nov 14 2006	Fell For Fremont	I took a trip to get away from the hustle and bustle of self employment in a physically demanding job and working with hubby. So I needed a good break. Joining me was my sister (first timer) and a cousin from Arizona met us. Hubby and I had played at the Fremont the previous year and received multiple offers to come back for a comp visit. Thank goodness I put the &quot;rewards play&quot; in my name. At any rate, This was our third stop in a 5 day trip and a three night visit was the Finale in Vegas. This was my first over night at &quot;TF&quot;.Arrived earlier than check-in (by about 3 hours) and much to my pleasure found valet parking, had a wonderful bellman unload our stuff, three women can pack it in. My front desk visit/check-in was quite tidy and quick, (no problem with checking in early either), I was met with warm friendly faces and professional service.The check-in area was roomy enough, and tucked away from the hubbub of the casino and any other obstruction. There is no long walk if you enter at the right spot and valet parking is right there. So are the elevators. All so convenient and easy!Once to the room, at first I was shocked at how small. But soon realized it was very clean, quaint and very Zen in design and feeling. I requested back side (away from the laser show noise). The room was nice and cool, the air conditioner provided a gentle hum and we never heard much of anything from outside, except an occasional siren and one day guys were beating on a pipe next door. Not an issue. There was a nearby outside stairwell that my cousin could smoke in. THE BEDS WERE AWESOME. I slept like a baby, when I slept.Casino was great, wish they would have a PaiGow table. I have to say my only disappointment was Tony Roma's, my steak was like leather. Other food great - I sampled most places. The Cafe, after hours in the Buffet was superb and our waiter was a dream. He got a huge tip for just letting us talk and take our time. Not to mention that he was very easy on the eyes!I would go to the Fremont again, it is not posh, it is not elegant. It is comfy, cozy and everything is right there!	
Oct 12 2006 	another great time	Another great stay at the fremontJust got back from a 6 night stay in Las Vegas.Stayed at the cal for 4 nights and 2 nights at the fremont hotelsmall room, but clean and comfortable. the security is good so we felt safe in the hotel. we again had a great time gambling here. Chrystie and craps staff were right on again. loved playing when you get good service .other hotel craps staff were cold and non caring, but at the fremont, we had a great time with the staff.again , thanks for the great service.	
Aug 15 2006 	Fremont equals convenient!	I just came back from my Vegas trip 2 days ago. When I saw the pictures posted here, I just had to add my 2 cents because it's a lot different! I'll get to that in a bit.First of all, the location can not be beat. We did not rent a car, thus our means of transportaion was the CAT, or the public bus. Fremont is very close to the bus stop so it is extremely convenient.Now, back to the change. Guest rooms has just been renovated, and when I walked in, I thought I was in a really contemporary hotel. The hallway carpet had a &quot;mod&quot; pattern, and the room itself had a simple, but a modern look.We arrived at the hotel around 10:30PM, but fortunately there is a snack shop open 24 hours which serves anything from a Chinese plate lunch to a local Hawaiian dish. (I'm from Hawaii, by the way, so the &quot;local foods&quot; are always good to have!)The casino is very clean and well kept, the staff all seem like family and are all very friendly and nice.I would definitely come back to Fremont if I stay in Downtown again!!	
Jun 19 2006	OK Visit	Stayed June 12-16 all nights comped. As usaual the room was adequate and the service was great. However, this trip was not free of disappointments. After returning from the strip late Tuesday night, 1/2 of the casino was partitoned off with caution tape. In this area was our favorite machines. Using &quot;caution&quot; we ducked under the tape and began to play the slots. We were immediately and rudely adressed by a staff member stating the area was closed for cleaning. Shortly thereafter, a security officer politely told us to leave the area. I explained that in Indiana , caution meant to proceed using care and thats what I had done. He laughed it off, but ordered us out of the area. Oh well, I saved money and they lost money that night. The comps are becomming hard to come by. Free meals used to flow freely. The Players Card staff seemed very hesitant to issue any free meals, as they have done in the past. We won nothing while gambling at the Fremont. It appears that they have reduced their cocktail watiress staffing. The waitresses have to cover too large of an area, and thus the customers suffer as a result. Overall our experience was okay. Bellman Dave is still the best in the business and deserves special recognition!	
Jun 13 2006	Ok room Not OK casino	Stayed at the Fremont during Memorial Day weekend with my girlfriend. We chose to stay on Fremont Street because we had a good time here during our last trip to Vegas.When we first arrived, there was no valet person to be found. And the electricity was out at the hotel, but the Fremont couldn't be blamed for that since power was out in the whole neighborhood. Check in was slow even though there was no one ahead of me. The front desk agents weren't very professional looking or even courteous. We got to our room, end of a hall. The door always would slam loudly behind anyone coming or going from the room. The room itself was what we expected for the price. The bed was comfortable and the room clean, but nothing special about the room. The bathroom is small, but clean. And the toilet was a one of those kinds of toilets you'd find in a public restroom complete with a horse shoe seat. The shower head was also one of those small high pressure ones you find in gym locker rooms.The casino itself was a bit cramped. Very smokey, but I think we got used to the odor after the first day. The slots were very tight, did not pay out anything. If I came down to play $40, i'd lose $40. There was no such thing as breaking even. And the cocktail waitresses were hard to find. The buffet was ok. I enjoyed the breakfast, didn't enjoy the dinner buffet though.Check out was also horribly slow. I was over billed, but the guy checking me out didn't want to say that i was over billed. He didn't seem to know much about what he was doing, but did end up having to credit my card. I don't know why they had this problem, I reserved the room through their own website, not some 3rd party site. He couldn't even tell me what my room rate was during my stay. Rediculous. When asked for a printout of my bill, he would not give me anything until I argued with him for about 10 minutes he reluctantly gave me a print out of the charges.Overall, the room was fine, the casino and hotel staff not so great. I won't be returning to stay here again. I might come back for a 99cent margarita if I'm ever on the Fremont Street again.	
Apr 19 2006	hated the 2nd street grill	My wife and I had dinner there on April 3, 2006. Service was slow. Waitress unfriendly. Steaks arrived. My wifes steak was burned to a crisp. We had ordered medium well. The supervisor offered to buy us a dessert rather than replace the steak.	
Mar 28 2006	Fremont Has It All!	This was our first stay at the Fremont. Usually we stay at 4Queens. Fremont check in was fast and efficient. The staff at the Fremont are more customer oriented than at the Queens. We were comped all our meals, unlike the Queens where no meals were ever comped, even tho we had spent most of our time playing there.The rooms are smaller than Queens, but clean and adequate. Maid service is outstanding!Definately will return to the Fremont, and food is excellant. Tops was the Seafood Buffet crab legs, we went on Sunday and Tues!!!	
Dec 6 2005	The food was outstanding and friendly service	Recently spent a week in Las Vegas. The paradise buffet at Freemont Hotel &amp; Casino was our favourite for food at an atractive price. Great selection of fresh food including salad bar &amp; desert bar. Fresh prawns and crab claws for the seafood lovers like me. Leg of beef carved to your choice, crisp roast chicken, to name a couple of favourites. Many deserts to choose from incuding ice cream with choclate sauce. Can't wait to go back and fuel up! Bon Appitite!	
Oct 19 2005	The Fremont Hotel/Casino Was Great!	I stayed at the Fremont Hotel for four nights, October 10-14.I was comped for the rooms from my last visit to LV.After arriving at the airport I got a shuttle(after a long wait) to the Fremont Hotel.The check-in was quick with very helpful staff. I got a nice clean room on the 6th floor.The bathroom was small,but how big must it be? The room was well cleaned every day. I had good luck again paying slots at the Fremont and left with more $$ than I started with--which I never expect when gambling. The staff at the Playes Club were very friendly and kept track of play time for comps(meals,etc). The Paradise Buffet was excellent. I really like the Fremont Street area because it is mostly adults and the places are within short walking distance. I find the Hotels/Casinos friendlier than many of the huge mega-casinos on the Strip.I have rooms(comped) for November,2005 and am looking forward to this next visit to the Fremont Hotel/Casino and the Fremont Street area.	
Sep 21 2005	Clean 	First time to Las Vegas. Decided to stay downtown because all the reviews said that it was better. I think we made the wrong decision. The hotel itself is clean and the staff really are as friendly as the other reviews say (even when we asked them to get belongings, including my handbag, that we had left in our car, twice in one night). The reasons I wouldn't recomend this hotel is mainly due to it's location, which is a bus journey from the main strip, which coming back at night took over an hour. It also has no pool (although I believe you can use the golden nuggets pool across the street).You can come to Vegas and not gamble, as the place is a spectacle in itself, and it is an excellent base to go to the hoover dam, lake mead and the west rim of the grand canyon which is what we used it for. If you are a big gambling fan then I believe the rates are more favourable in freemont, although the casinos are a little seedier looking. Their are a couple of nice bars this end of town, and you should see the freemont street experience once (though once was enough).However if you want to spend your evenings on the strip, watching shows and want a hotel with a pool, then I would stay at the sahara or stratosphere which you can get deals on the internet for similar prices and friends have stayed in these places who have reviewed them favourably.Had dinner at the buffet one night which was very disappointing (you can get it half price if you get the freemont street experience discount book)I would recommend those who are going to Vegas to do more than just gamble to stay on the main strip, but if Fremont is your gambling hotspot, then this hotel is clean, friendly and small enough not the be intimidating.	
Jun 1 2005	Pleasantly surprised!	We had booked one night at the Fremont at the last minute. Nothing special, just a place to rest our heads before moving to the Strip the next day. Our expectations were beyond met. We found the valet and front desk to be incredibly friendly upon arriving. Upon check-in we learned that we had been upgraded to a mini-suite for no apparent reason. I've never stayed there before, and I'm not a member of any slot club they have, so we became a bit shocked by this. I guess a friendly smile and hello can go far downtown.The Fremont is a medium sized hotel, which thankfully meant the front desk, elevator, and walk down the hallway to your room was less than 5 minutes. Our room was on the top floor, with a panoramic view of the valley. The mini-suite was very nice, it was set up like a typical room, but with a small area set to the side featuring a VERY comfy sofa, mini-fridge, coffee table, and plant. I'm not sure when the last renovation of the rooms were, but everything seemed very new and in beautiful condition, nice fabrics done in good taste. I thought the shutters instead of drapes were a very nice touch to the room. The bathroom was no Mandalay Bay, but it was typical for a downtown (or any big city) hotel, with clean tile, good lighting, and a fancy shower curtain. The hotel could've easily paid little attention to the rooms, so it was a nice surprise to find a good quality, nicely decorated, super-clean room in an old hotel.The casino was very old-school (another downtown plus) with high-enough ceilings to prevent claustrophobia. After winning a little on blackjack (VERY friendly dealers) we decided to play some slots just to get rid of some cash. The slots ended up paying very handsomely. While it's next to impossible to not hear the Fremont Street Experience from your room at night, it was never an issue since the shows were only once an hour and stopped at midnight (and if you're in bed before midnight in Vegas, why did you even bother coming?). Before checking out we had the champagne brunch at the buffet. For $15, it was an unbelievable deal. While not as lavish as some of the Strip's brunches, it was fancy enough to fill up quick. I'm not sure what champagne was used but it did indeed leave us with a small buzz.All-in-all, the Fremont is our first choice for a clean, comfortable, tasteful, friendly, and affordable hotel in the downtown area.PS- While downtown, head over to Mermaids for a 99 fried Twinkie. It sounded disgusting to me at first, but now I am a true fan of this delicious desert! Just trust me!	
Mar 30 2005	Not bad for the money	Not bad for the money. Great downtown location, clean but small rooms. You can probably find a better deal on the internet though.	
Mar 26 2005	A good deal	Stayed at the Fremont March 13-March 17, 2005 - Very friendly staff - Rooms are small but clean. They served the purpose of a place to rest between gambling stints. Slots were very loose on this trip. Table play was very enjoyable also. Frances, Susan &amp; Ryan in the Players Gold booth were very accomadating with comps and turning our points into prizes. While we visted other casinos on Fremont street and beyond we kept coming back to the Fremont for the best play. The only complaint was that our favorite table (Let It Ride) was not open one night &amp; we had to go elsewhere to gamble &amp; play the slots. Can't wait to visit again. Hopefully they will have plenty of dealers next time around.	
Mar 11 2005	Great stay - outsanding value	Great stay at the Fremont January 15-18. Very friendly staff, easy-check and check-out. Unbeatable location for downtown. Full service casino and sports book. Points earned at California and Main Street Station slots add on to Players Card. Cocktail servers remember what you want, come around pretty frequently unless the place is packed. Comps relatively easy to get, compared to Strip hotels we've stayed in before.Rooms are small but full equiped (ironing board, safe, etc.), clean and neat. Ask for a high room. away from Fremont Street. Skip the buffet at breakfast and order from the menu. Dinner buffet is ok. We'll be back.	
Jan 12 2005	The Best jumping off point to Las Vegas wish I was back	We received a promo in the mail after having joined their Players club and the first promo they sent us was 2 nites for 1 paid nite. The second promo was a comp for 3 nites. Fortunately when we checked in , Dan the front desk person advised us to take the comp 3 nights instead. We could only stay for 2, since we had reservations in Laughlin and looking back, one night less in Laughlin would've been better.The room was on the highest floor, 12th, with a view of the side of the Fremont Experience and of the Binion Hotel which was interesting because there was a young woman across the way looking out the window who was saying &quot;greetings to downtown Las Vegas&quot;, dressed only with her black bra top (probably a good omen/sign for lady luck). Everyone was correct in describing the room as small and my wife wasn't quite sure how she felt about it unitl later, when she got comfortable with it. Look on their web site and they have a 360 degree room tour that was completely accurate. The room was very clean and everything worked well, the windows had louvre window shades instead of drapes which would've been too dusty and they added big mirrors to the bedside wall and bathroom to make the room bigger. The mattress was fine and we both slept well.The craps game was always $5 our whole time there and the table during our stay was very tight. On our last day, I had 4 separate rolls of 28, 17, 16 and 15. This was great because they have a promotion where if you are a players card member, they award you prizes. I received a: Fremont cap, travel clock, manicure set (for the wife) and combination flashlight/emergency light. Plus, as soon as you roll you can leave right away since the table becomes cold again for the other players. For some reason, the table did not like full table but an empty one with a lucky shooter like myself.The rest of the casino, I would have to agree with the rest of the writers who told me that the slots are definitely tight. We tried the penny and nickel slots/video games but would almost never get into any bonus rounds. We will definitely go back but if you want better action for penny/nickel video slots, my recommendation would be to go to the Plaza.Our only meal was at the combined cafe/buffet for breakfast and we ordered two of the many combination Hawaiian style breakfasts over rice-- spam over, linguica over, teriyaki too. The decor was definitely Island with lush oversized dark green plants, even though there was a low ceiling, there was enough space to take you away from the sort of crowded front casino space. The service was nice but our server was swamped and should've had help with some young person to bus tables and refill drinks.I need a self-parking garage, and this hotel only offered valet so someone on this website was correct in recommending the Main Street Station open lot, two blocks away (cut through Binions at the corner and you'll go through the poker area where they televise the big annual tournament, go through the casino diagonally and you'll be a short block away instead). Tell the attendant you're staying at The Fremont and she'll just ask to see your room key.We'll probably be back in April and will definitely go back.	
Dec 17 2004	Terrific Buffet	We visited the Freemont for their buffet when we visited in November 2004. The seafood buffet on Sundays, Tuesdays and Fridays was terrific!! Really worth the trip. We went back for a breakfast buffet and found while much smaller, price was really low and food really good. The room was really nice with tropical plants and all	
Nov 15 2004	FULL OF ALOHA!!!!!!!!!!	You feel like your in Hawaii! Everyone has this &quot;Aloha Spirit&quot;, full of smiles, excellent customer service! Hotel staff are &quot;Excellent&quot;! I must say it is a whole lot better than the strip. Mahalo to the staff @ Fremont for serving the BEST customer service in Las Vegas!	
Sep 26 2004	Comfortable every time	The Fremont makes you want to stay and play. We have always had very friendly service, nice rooms and good food. We were there for Valentines Day and I am returning in November and I can hardly wait. The Fremont makes your Las Vegas experience what it should be.	
Sep 16 2004	Friendly Satff	We visited the Fremont August 30 - September 1st. This was our third stay here and as usual everything was great. The entire staff is courteous and strives to make your stay as pleasant as possible. We did not win anything here, but had alot of fun trying. Food comps are easily obtained by playing either tables or slots. Our room and all meals were comped which made the stay more rewarding. For the money and friendly atmosphere you cannot beat the Fremont.	
Jul 17 2004	Always a great place to relax and feel SAFE	I have been staying at the Fremont for going on 16 years and have never had any regrets while I and my husband stayed there. My husband can go anywhere leaving me there without a worry in the world because of their top security, and the staff is alway there to answer any questions. I have always referred the Fremont to all my friends and will contiue to do so. My room has always been satifactory and the restrauants are great. This is a plus because the Fremont has a restrauant for any gravings and the prices are very reasonable for the pocketbook. Like the old saying it's a one stop shopping and a definate one ONE PLACE I LOVE. Another pat on the back for guys at the Fremont Hotel and Casino.	
May 15 2004	Good Value		
May 12 2004	good times at the fremont		
May 2 2004	Everything I expected		
Apr 11 2004	Liked downtown better than the strip....		
Feb 23 2004	Absolutely love the Fremont		
Jan 17 2004	Total Ripoff		
Nov 7 2003	I would defintely not stay at the Fremont Hotel .... 		
Aug 28 2003	Relazation Time		
Jun 1 2003	Downtown stay		
Apr 28 2003	April 26 2003 Trip		
Oct 8 2008 	Molto economico ma bisogna accontentarsi		
