	Not a bad place to stay	If you book the hotel in advance i would say you will get a better room.We reached Las Vegas at 2 am in the morning and got room in this hotel.The room was not appreciable,ac duct was making lots of noice.We also booked a room in the same hotel in advance for the next day which was pretty decent one.Reasonable price,served my purpose.	
Oct 29 2009 	It was a nice stay	Our stay was nice, the roomwas spacious and clean, The staff was very friendly and helpfull. Everyone at this hotel was courteous, helpful and worked to make our stay fantastic. My room included fridge, microwave and coffee maker and the most important thing: i Had free wifi with strong signal. They have a good restaurant on site were you can order cuban food. Parking was free. i did expect less for the money i paid but the room was very nice, A grocery store is within walking distance and opened 24hs. I did enjoy the three nights i stayed there. Will definitely stay again!	
Oct 28 2009 	It was a good place	After reading some reviews we stil decided to stay at this Howard Johnson. I didn't expect much...BUT I was surprised when I got to the hotel!!.  I had originally booked this hotel for 1 day. I ended up staying for a week. Staff was very friendly and helpful specially the manager Omid. For the price this hotel was outstanding, they have a huge lobby and a very nice Cuban restaurant. My room was clean and was very spacious with a balcony and free internet. was very spacious with a balcony and free internet. internet. Location was ok; the hotel is conveniently located between Las Vegas Strip and Downtown, just 5 to 10 minutes away from the main casinos and parking is free everywhere. For what we paid we felt like it was a great deal. I would definitely consider staying here again. We were very pleased with our stay.	
Oct 25 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	After reading some reviews we still decided to stay at this Howard Johnson. I didn't expect much...BUT I was surprised when I got to the hotel!!. I had originally booked this hotel for 1 day. I ended up staying for a week. Staff was very friendly and helpful specially the manager Omid.For the price this hotel was outstanding, they have a huge lobby and a very nice Cuban restaurant. My room was clean and was very spacious with a balcony and free internet.Location was ok; the hotel is conveniently located between Las Vegas Strip and Downtown, just 5 to 10 minutes away from the main casinos and parking is free everywhere. For what we paid we felt like it was a great deal. I would definitely consider staying here again. We were very pleased with our stay.	
Sep 24 2009 	Okay for a one shot deal wouldn't stay there again.	The services were okay, did not like the room at all.The location was too far from the strip.Needs a lot of work! Was rather old and seedy:(	
Jul 26 2009 	Dirty	This was the worst place I have ever stayed in Las Vegas. Parking is outback and you must walk around the building to enter. In the most dangerous place in town employees warn not to walk alone. Rooms are clean but the cock roaches will keep you busy trying to avoid them. Facilities close at 10pm and doesn't open untill 9am. Place is surrounded by strip clubs so it's not a good place for a family visit. Only good thing about the place was the Las Vegas police occupied the sidewalk in front of the building after dark.	
Jun 6 2009 	Don't even think about it- not worth it even if just passing through!	We chose to stay here because we were driving home from california and got tired on the drive, we didnt need anything too extravegant, we were only going to spend the evening there and then wake up early and get back on the road. The lobby was nice and the price was right., but we were quickly dissapointed when we were put on the 3rd floor and it took forever to go through all these hallways that were about 95 degrees. Our room, when we arrived was so unbearabley hot we had to stand on our balcony. We could not get the air to turn on so we had to call maintanence to get it it running, and it took at least an hour for the room to get remotely comfortable. We turned down the bed and there was long hairs in the sheets like they were not changed from the last visitors. There was no clock anywhere in the room, the tv speakers were blown, and the corners or the rooms where filled with dirt. The worst of the night was that the people next to us were so loud and going in and out of the hallway slamming their door so loud! Time after time this went on through the night, and then at 4am they are screaming so loudly at each other that we can hear word for word what they are fighting about,. the police came and handled the situation. But overall the location seemed a little dangeous and as a woman i was not comfortable to even leave the room.	
Mar 8 2009 	Is this where cops is filmed???	The room was old and needs updating. Some of the wall outlets did not work and some of the lamp cords were cut.	
Aug 25 2008	Careful	Not a good stay. Rooms were not the best in the world. Not sure if they had double booking issues or kept giving people the same rooms but multiple people kept coming into our rooms because they had been given the same ones. Also, our wake up call was a guy knocking on our door telling us to get up. This place seemed a little sketchy.	
Jun 5 2008 	Owner of this hotel is a fraud and liar!	After a flight delay, arrived at this hotel a little after midnight which was no problem since I had guaranteed late arrival via credit card. My reservation read &quot;NON-SMOKING QUEEN&quot;. I was given a Queen room that was smoking and had a strong smoke smell. I went down to the desk to point out that I had reserved a NON-Smoking Queen room. The owner asked if I didn't want the room; thinking that he was offering me another room, I said, &quot;Yes&quot;. He subsequently gave me a piece of paper showing a zero charge. I asked him what was going on and he told me I could take my business elsewhere. I said no, I'm not going anywhere; I have a reservation. He told me he didn't want my business. I told him that I needed to stay at that hotel as it was extremely late, close to my destination the next day, and that I would call Howard Johnson reservations. I called reservations and they said that they couldn't do anything about it. Even if you exclude the fraudulent cancellation by this &quot;owner&quot;, the fact that Howard Johnson reservations don't even stick up for their own customers means they should be put out of business. I told the owner that reservations insisted that I get my room. He asked to speak with them, saying they had no right to tell him how to run his business, and I refused. I needed someone to take my side. I begged the manager to help me out; he said he couldn't do anything as the owner controlled the entire hotel. I still refused to leave. After saying something like, &quot;Please sir, I would appreciate it if you could accommodate me, and even though the smoking room was not what I reserved it is better than nothing&quot;, he remained silent for a couple of minutes longer and finally gave me a non-smoking king size room on the first floor. Finally the pressure was off, and I was staying there two nights, but I would NEVER stay there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(Stayed 6/16/07 and 6/17/07.)	
Mar 21 2008 	Fine if you are on a tight budget	I stayed here for two nights in March. The hotel is on the strip, about half way between the big casinos and downtown. Yes, the room was worn and the furnishings tired, but you get what you pay for and this place was a bargain. The sheets and towels were clean, the kingsize bed comfortable enough, and at $66 a night (through Venere.com) I had no complaints. Las Vegas was heavily booked while I was there. The big casino hotels were charging over $350 a night, and closer to my arrival date the HoJo rate climbed to over $200, which I would not have been happy to pay. The hotel has a pool which looked fine, though I didn't use it. There is a large parking lot behind the hotel, and I got high speed internet for free. I wouldn't recommend this as a place for hanging out, but if you just want a bed, it's a reasonable choice.	
Jan 18 2008 	I wouldn't recommend	Was not pleased with this property. We were here on business and had to pick a place close to our event. All around this area were wedding chapels and people walking. It was kind of scary. Everything here was small. The bathroom, you were barely able to get into and the one queen we had was almost at the dresser at the end of the bed. I just felt cramped in this room and wouldn't really recommend unless you have no choice.	
Sep 7 2007 	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	I cannot stress enough, do not stay at this hotel. We were asked to leave by the manager for querying that we had booked a king bed and the bed in our room was a queen. He told us just because we had booked it doesnt mean we get it! I am not joking I have never experienced a hotel or hotel staff like it. We had no where else to go but were told &quot;don't worry we can find you somewhere&quot; &quot;if you don't like it you can leave&quot; we saw the manager also ask for &quot;time outs&quot; with other guests. The 2nd night the air conditioning broke in the room and we were too scared to complain even though it was 126 degrees outside, we also wanted more pillows but were afraid to ask, also our tv and lights in the rm did not work. The hotel is right at the end of the strip a good 45mins to an hour walk to the main hotels, please do yourself a favour and stay at one of the resorts, we moved to the MGM grand and it was fantastic and cheaper!!! I have complained to Howard Johnson and I got a free night to stay there again, if I return to las vegas. Trust me if I return to LV I will never ever go back to this hotel again.	
Aug 8 2007	Great deal good restaurant decent pool	For only $50 per nite, we were able to sleep our family of 4, have a nice dip in a pool, &amp; a great breakfast. It's on the strip, yes, but you need a car. It's an easy drive to the downtown casino area or the fancy casinos on the main part of the strip. But, none of the casinos charge for parking, so it's no problem to have to drive there.I loved the cuban toast and cafe con leche for breakfast at the Florida cafe.One downside: the ice machines could not keep up with the demand.	
Jul 10 2007 	cigarette burns on pillows dirty towels blood in sink?!?!	i stayed here because it was the most inexpensive hotel i could find for my friend's birthday. there was what looked to be BLOOD in the sink, the towels literally had dirt on them. the sheets and pillow cases had cigarette burns in them, there was a &quot;suspicious&quot; stain on the floor next to the bed. while we were sleeping, a large motorcycle gang (maybe 30 people or more???) was outside blaring loud music, having a party and yelling from about midnight until approx. 4am. we called the front desk about 5 times to complain and ask them to get security to shut the people up. they refused. then at 6am, the motorcycle gang started up again, reving their engines, talking loud, playing music. we called again, still no help. when we checked out, we demanded a refund and luckily we got one. it turns out, that night, because the motorcycle gang was SO scary, several staff members QUIT and the entire lobby was filled with complaining hotel guests, all demanding their money back. this place is DISGUSTING. do NOT stay here.	
Jun 17 2007 	Short in cash....stay here!	Just want to let everyone know that this hotel/motel is at the far end of the strip, like 3 blocks the other side of the Stratosphere and Sahara. So its a hike to the strip. Close to Fremont though. We ended up getting 2 nights with tax for 111.15. Great Price. We checked in and were directed to our room, which was not in the main building where the lobby is located. There are 2 buildings, 1 where the lobby is and then another building which doesn't attach the the hotel lobby, more of a MOTEL than a hotel, i'd say, anyway, so they stuck us in the &quot;motel&quot; part. The room was 110 degrees, there was an a/c unit, but it was more of a &quot;in the wall ai conditioner&quot; and boy was it LOUD. So the room is small, ran down and looks NOTHING like the pictures that we saw on the internet. I made up my mind I wasn't staying there. I went to the lobby and asked for the manager, I explained my complaints to him and he said, &quot;no worries, I will upgrade you&quot;. I feel that they advertised one room on the web in hopes of booking their rooms and then when you get there they stick you in the most run down rooms that they have. Only when I complained was I offered a better room, a room like the one that I saw on the web. So after we got our stuff moved to the new room, things were good. A little skimpy on the towels and the shower pressure wasn't the greatest, but what do you expect for 50 bucks a night, right?	
May 1 2007 	Good option	A good option if you don,t find accomodation in the principal hotels. Near the strip. no noise, clean and gently people working on it. A nice place to stay for what you pay. We stay there the last weekend of april 2007. My husband and I were very scare for what we read in the reviews, but everything was ok.	
Feb 25 2007 	Adequate	So my confirmed reservation at at Bally's didn't exist on their computer system when I tried to check-in at the airport. So, I needed a hotel room on a Saturday night on what seemed to be the busiest Sat ever in Vegas. For example, Marriott had no rooms within 50 miles! Everywhere I called was sold out.Finally I was grateful to get the room here.Shuttle driver from the airport gently ribbed me regarding location - the 'less desirable' end of the strip apparently although &quot;I should be OK if I stick to the strip&quot;. Its far end of the strip - its really downtown - not a great location, little going on other than weddings. Certainly not 'strip central'. However, as my main concern was sleeping after a trans-alantic flight it wasn't an issue.First impressions: Not bad internally. Nice room overlooking pool. Bit basic but what do you expect. Free wifi worked well. The Cuban style cafe on site is relatively lively and is entirely adequate for a sandwich and beer.The downside: Thin walls, hear people moving above and in corridor. Room could have been cleaner – the edges and under the bed weren’t great.Light switching system poor. Light by the bed is controlled by the master switch by the door - which also controls the entrance area light. No master light switch by the bed. Yes, the light by the bed can be turned off independently but this doesn't turn the entrance area light off. Turning the entrance area light off (using master switch by door) results in bedside light being turned off. Net effect is that you MUST turn light off by the door and thus make your way to the bed in darkness - madness.So in summary, entirely adequate. I paid $250+ for the night which was outrageous (its really a $50-$70 per night place IMHO) but when every hotel room in the city is full (and as I checked in they were quoting $300 per night for their last 5 rooms which they sold judging by the 'sold out' posters on the doors this morning) it was a bed for the night and could have been worse – a lot worse.	
Feb 19 2007 	Complete Filthy Dump!	This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in in my life!The manager &quot;OSCAR&quot; was so rude! I get to the front desk and I tell the manager I have paid for one night in advance. He tells me I have to pay for the other two nights up front. I say No I don't I have never done that before and that I will pay for the other two nights before check out time in the morning.He got angry with me and told me that he would have to cancel my two nights and if they were still available I could get them but not at the rate I had if I didn't pay up front! I asked him where in his hotel did it say I had to pay up front for all nights he just said i'm not going to argue with you its the rule!I told him to do what he had to do I wasn't going to pay up front. I usually do this because I want to see the room 1st. I AM SO GLAD I DID NOT PAY UP FRONT!! The room is on the second floor. NO ELEVATORS IN THE FREAKIN&quot; HOTEL!!! I had to lug 2 big bags upstairs!! I get upstairs and there are the maids sitting and talking and eating lunch in the hallway! I open the door to the room and it smells I look at the beds and the spreads on the beds look like they haven't been washed in 20 years! Just nasty and filty dirty! I pull the spreads back and see that the blankts underneath are nastier than the spreads!I grab my things and go back to the lobby and I tell the manager he has to be kidding if he thinks i'm going to stay in that filth! I tell him to go look for himself but he doesnt want to which leads me to believe he knows what kind of hotel he is running A SLEAZE BAG hotel.He gives me another room on the 1st floor. I go to this room SMELLS! I look at the bed spreads nasty and dirty! I pull the bed spread back and discover that these beds have no blanket just sheets. I go into the bathroom and there is a 2inch long COCKROACH! i run to the front desk and tell the manager to come look so he won't think I am making this up. He comes to look and gets a maid to come also. I show him and he says the reason there was a roach in my room is because my room was close to the pool area outside! (that is no justification for a big [---] roach to be in my room!) There were no hair dryers or irons in the room like advertised (I wouldn't have used them anyway) The pictures on the website are a smoke screen. The only thing remodeled was the lobby the rooms SUCK!He then goes on to tell me he can give me a refund. I say that would be good. He then says well if I give you a refund you have to leave! I was like you're kidding me right!This was All Star Weekend with a couple of conventions going also, even if I did consider leaving there were NO ROOMS available ANYWHERE! I was stuck! Luckily for me I am the type of traveler who brings their own sheets, pillow cases and bath towels or it really would have been all bad! The next morning I was out of there! my trip was cut short because I didn't have anywhere else to stay and I am so glad my friend that was supposed to come didn't make it, that would have been so embarrasing because I am the one who made the reservations. DONT STAY AT THIS DUMP! If you are used to staying in nice clean hotels Like I am then this is one Howard Johnsons that is giving the chain a bad name.I found out later through a series of complaints I am giving this hotel that they are all independantly owned and they have the use of the name Howard johnsons. If they get enough complaints the privlage of using the name will be stripped away from the owner. I HOPE SO they don't deserve to use it!	
Sep 5 2006 	Great for the price!	This is a great hotel for all the right reasons. It is clean, the staff goes out of its way to be helpful, it is reasonable. It's the kind of hotel Europeans love -- they know what's important. It is AAA rated 2 diamonds. The one drawback is its location. You are a few blocks north of the Stratotower, so really not close to the action on the Strip or downtown. (It is right next to the Little White Chapel where Britany Spears and a ton of celebrities got married.) You'll have to taxi around, drive, or take the new Deuce bus service that goes up and down the Strip and lets out a few feet from the door. About a half-year old, the Deuce (so-called because it is a double-decker) costs $2 a trip, or $5 unlimited trips over 24 hours. It's supposed to run every 10 minutes, and depending on the time of day, it is close. Busy times, the buses tend to bunch up. If you have a pet, this is the only place to go on the Strip except for the Four Seasons at 4x the price. The Cuban restaurant on-site is excellent, but not owned by the hotel, so you can't charge meals to your room, but take credit cards. There is an additional American menu for breakfast and kids' meals. The wedding chapel off the lobby is busy and a never-ending entertainment as you watch couples with families and friends bustle around on the big day.	
Jun 12 2006	Nasty Nasty Nasty	This was the nastiest hotel we have ever stayed in. Had reservations but check in was a big hassle. The lobby was nice so assumed the rooms would be but they were the dirtiest rooms I've ever seen, have stayed in hotels much cheaper than this one that weren't near as nasty. Room was very crowded with dirty furniture and very smelly. Threw away the white socks I wore the 1st night (yes we were stupid enough to stay 2 nights, long story) as they were black, never took my shoes off the rest of the stay. When I wrote HJ corp. to tell them we would never stay in an HJ again they had the hotel contact me which they sent me a coupon for a free night stay (weeknight only and only that hotel) and I mailed it back and said &quot;thanks, but no thanks&quot;. Also not sure how safe the hotel was. Can’t think of one good thing to say about this place	
Apr 21 2006 	What ever you do make sure you bring your gun.	I was short on time. I rented two rooms for our group. I requested two rooms with queen beds.. First thing when we checked in they gave wrong rooms..Two rooms with twin beds. next was the stench in the hallways. At least they had new pavement. Money spent on pavement would have been beter spent on paint and carpet.There was broken glass in the other room. They never did clean that up even after several requests. It is no wonder the Shot Show pesenters did not recommend this hotel. It would be best to dozer it and put a carwash in it's place.If you are into watching this would be ok. the prostitute walking down the hallway was different. They also have a porno sore and strip club right across the street. SEEDY is not even enough to describe this place. The photo used to describe this location must have been taken 20 years ago. Stay at Circus Circus instead..They have a full circus,,,...this place only has a FLEA CIRCUS.........Maggie bring your gun....Also free dope in the parking lot..	
Apr 8 2006 	Don't look under your bed!	We were already concerned when we read the reviews for this hotel after our friend had made reservations. The carpet in the room was obviously very dirty and felt crusty under the feet. My friend immediately noticed some type of stain on the wall. We were better off suspecting it was spit of some kind. I attempted to turn the television on and it did not work. I looked behind the dresser and found the TV wasn’t plugged in. I also found several empty beer bottles and other trash behind the dresser. I decided to do some more investigating and found several more bottles under the bed including broken glass! The sheets were old and the entire room felt dirty. My friend described it as being, “the only time he took a shower and still felt dirty.”The next morning we were out waiting in the hotel parking lot to start the days events. I looked down and what do I find? A small dime bag containing methamphetamine! I complained of the condition of the room several times to the staff and got promises it would be taken care of. The bottles were never even picked up.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a safe, clean, drug free place to stay. My group was mostly made up of police officers and we were even concerned for our own safety in this area. Be careful!	
Mar 20 2006	Overpriced and disappointing	Highly overpriced for the quality of the room. We wanted to avoid the hassle of going all the way into town as we just needed a quick nights rest between two cities. However, the hassle would have been worth the lost sleep we suffered. You can stay at a bigger hotel such as the Stratoshere for a third of the price and at least have a decent room. Our room was very run down, the lights didn't work, no remote control and were visited by a local cockroach. Not to much that being a motel as opposed to a hotel, it is extremely noisy. The only nice thing was the shuttle service to and from the airport and the staff were pleasant enough.	
Mar 7 2006	Horrendous	This hotel is beyond shabby, it is scary. The delicate pattern of moth holes and cigarette burns in the curtains let just enough light in from the parking lot for me to watch, with great enthusiasm for 2AM, roaches playing what looked like polo on the ceiling. As if more than the overwhelming scent of chemicals was needed to confirm the installation of new carpet, trimmings, dirt, and plaster was left as evidence in the entry way. I found it difficult to shower, shave, and brush my teeth while attempting to hover in order to not touch anything in the bathroom. This hotel could be well worth the money if your idea of a great place to spend a night includes wondering if the people in the room next door could actually see you through the thin walls, you don't mind sleeping (in my case watching roaches) in roughly the same position as the meat in a taco, or you can actually hover (I, sadly cannot). There is no price at which I would stay there again.	
Feb 27 2006	Dirty Linen	On my first night I wanted to go to sleep, however the still dirty and stained linen prevented me from doing so. The bed had been made over top of this linen...need I say more?!I do not recommend this place, I would rather stay in a hostel!	
Oct 9 2005	About what we expected but worse!	Well, I have never cared for Howard Johnson's motels anyway; and the ONLY reason we stayed here was that we were traveling the West with our constant travel companion, our small 10 lb. dog, and we could not find places in Las Vegas which allow pets. Also, when we called HJ's reservations to inquire about this hotel, we were told that it was one of their Gold Medal Award Winning Properties with nicely renovated rooms. So much for truth in advertising!But, it was somewhat worse than I had expected and its billing as being &quot;on the Strip&quot; is pretty much stretching it! It was on Las Vegas Blvd.; however, it was miles to a decent, safe area. The rooms, carpets, furnishings, and spreads, sheets, etc. were not only old, frayed and dingy but just looked downright nasty! I don't believe that we could have stayed there more than one night - our &quot;little guy&quot; even seemed depressed by it!I could go on and on, but you get the picture! Unless you are in desperate need of a hotel room and absolutely cannot find anywhere else, do not stay here!	
Oct 30 2004	Don't Bother - Location Location Location	We had spent 30 days travelling around the southwest of USA. This was one of the worse. Room needed up dating. This is was the only motel in the 30 days that had a warning about taking the towels, they would charge you if any towels where missing and it included a price list for each and every towel and bath mat. I was tempted to take all the towels to the front desk in when I checked out to prove all towels where there. Staff only just plesant to you. The location ??? Near the 'strip', be warned you have to walk almost a mile to get to the bottom end of the strip in the heat it is hard work and 3 miles to the bellagio- and you have to walk past other motels that rent room by the hour !!!!!!!. Did not feel safe walking around in the late afternoon and only did it once in the evening and that was to the internet cafe to book somewhere else. Thankfully I did not have any children with me. Would not stay there ever again. Went to the internet cafe and booked else where for the rest of our stay. If I could give it no points at all it would be better. Stay there at your peril.	
Jul 26 2004	Needs Improvement!!	Rooms are old, need renovation, pool not cleaned properly and unsafe, A/C old and too noisy, stained walls. I would never stay here again, not for the money I paid, Howard Johson needs to drop this location from their franchise list or get rid of it if they own it.	
Aug 12 2009 	günstige Alternative zu den Hotels am Strip!		
Jul 27 2009 	Juste bon pour dormir.		
Jul 2 2009 	Verdaderamente un asco		
