	Great place again	Stayed at Carriage House for 1 week from Halloween 09. We returned to this hotel again after 1st visiting in 2005 and were impressed by the upgrade the rooms and hotel have received. We booked 2 rooms as our son came with us and both rooms were large and comfortable. Reception area has also been renovated with good quality furnishings. Staff are very helpful and courteous. Visited Utah and Death Valley whilst staying this time, both an easy day trip. There is a lot of building work being carried out on the strip between the Monte Carlo and Bellagio hotel (which is not far from the Carriage House) this makes the area dusty. Also the entrance to Harmon Avenue from the strip is being changed, this isn't too much of a problem but something you should be aware of if driving in Vegas. Vegas is a fun city with plenty to do, the Carriage House is a 5 minute walk from the strip and gives a welcome bit of peace and quiet when you turn in for the night. The hotel could benefit from a small bar or restaurant but with the strip so close it's not an essential addition the management should make. We would definetly stay at the Carriage House again if we retuned to Las Vegas.	
Oct 31 2009 	Very polite friendly staff - rooms better than average	A time share week in amongst an extended holiday - the Carriage house seems well organised. Security is good. The room was adequate if not over equipped - the internet is via cable only ( available for a small deposit at the check in). TV channels poorly selected and pay per view relatively expensive despite small range and not especially current. Internet available free just of the lobby. The pool was clean and tidy but we couldnt use it much due to a cold snap. The hotel is situated just off the Strip behind Planet Hollywood and has a small but well equipped exercise room.	
Oct 31 2009 	Excellent Staff and Service	We traded our timeshare in Gatlinburg, Tn for a week at the Carriage House. Even though it's a timeshare, they also book as a regular hotel. It's not the Mandaly but I would return to the Carraige House again.The front desk staff was friendly and accomodating. My dad joined us on our trip and we needed extra room. We were upgraded for very little money to the roomiest 2 bedroom suite I've ever seen. I'ts a 2 block walking distance to the noisy and crowded Vegas Blvd. but you would never know from the quietness of the hotel.One block from the Miracle Mile shopping center which has tons of shops, restaurants, and even some entertainment venues. The hotel lobby has been upgraded. The penthouse floor which is where we were at is being renovated so I assume the rest of the floors will be too.Free wi-fi and daily maid service which you would hardly never find in a timeshre resort. All in all, we highly recommend the Carriage House	
Oct 26 2009 	What's that smell? and Other Carriage House Quirkiness	I'm surprised that the reviews for the Carriage House are so glowing. The Carriage House is an older hotel that needs a lot of work. My husband and I had booked an eight-night stay, only to cancel seven of those nights, in favor of the Paris Hotel on the Strip.The most overwhelming issue my husband and I encountered when we walked into the Carriage House's tiny, claustrophobic elevator and our floor's hallway (floor 8) was the smell of what I can only figure must be air deodorizer to mask possibly the scent of times when Carriage House allowed smoking. If that's not what the smell can be attributed to, I'm not sure what it is. It is very unpleasant.The room we stayed in was dingy, for the most part. The decor needs updating, as it gives off a dark, yellowed feel to everything, but more than anything the rooms need to be cleaner. The small bathroom in our king bed suite, which might possibly win the award for World's Narrowest Doorway (good thing we aren't fat!), has very old faucet fixtures that look like they need a better clean. The grout of the handicapped shower, which I assume comes automatically when you get the king bed suite, is very old and moldy, if not completely wearing away.The Carriage House is really not nice enough for me to want to stay, and I don't even think it is good value for money. For only $10-$20 more a night, on average, you can stay at one of the nicer Strip hotels for a longer stay of, like, a week. Add to this the fact that, while the Carriage House does sport an unbelievable location, it's not that great at the moment (as of Oct 2009), due to the extensive roadwork being done on Las Vegas Blvd. With pedestrian walks being blocked off in numerous areas, it can actually be quite tricky to navigate back to the Carriage House from certain places without walking a long distance; you get trapped in pedestrian walk areas that have been set up for construction purposes. In other words, what the Carriage House has most going for it, its location, isn't worth the money, either.The Carriage House could be a good place to stay, if they update it more and clean it a bit better. The suite we were in was very large with a real kitchen and would have been nice to stay in, otherwise. Unfortunately, it just wasn't for us.	
Oct 24 2009 	Best location great value for money.	Booked through their website after reading rave reviews on Trip Advisor. Thank you everyone, it was everything I expected and more. We stayed in a One Bedroom Suite for a week. Very spacious, full kitchen, I even ordered the online groceries to be there on arrival so I didn't have to venture out alone on the first night, (hubby wasn't arriving until next day), they were expensive but good quality and worth it for me. I had just travelled from Australia and never been to US so I just ate and slept whilst I got over the jetlag. Great view of strip (as requested), I arrived early at noon and no problems getting my room early (requested also via email). Laundry straight outside our door and inexpensive. Limited amount of groceries in foyer but enough to get by. Free internet available on 2 computers in foyer, never had to wait long (except when kids were on them playing games and after 20 mins had to ask them to share...where were the parents?) Pool great, nice and quiet and lovely after a hot day walking the strip.Across the road from Miracle Mile (5 minute walk) so restaurants and shops handy.We walked mostly and only caught taxi's from Outlet Centre and Fremont St, very inexpensive.Overall excellent place to stay if you don't want the noisy casinos with long check-in lines.	
Oct 8 2009 	Quiet place to stay in middle of all the craziness Vegas has to offer	We chose this hotel because it was right off the strip (just a couple minutes walking distance) and wasn't a gaming hotel. Because of this, our hotel was super-quiet, clean and nice. No drunk people stumbling the halls at all hours of the night like at other hotels we've been to. The room was very spacious (King suite) and was surprising one of their smallest suites, they have much nicer and larger ones available. Staff was friendly and the room was clean.	
Oct 1 2009 	Quiet nights ....	We stayed four nights at The Carriage House. We chose this property based on the tripadvisor reviews, which were accurate. We upgraded from the hotel room to an one bedroom suite, and were charged less than what the rack rate suggested. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The location is fine - just one block back from the strip, without the associated throng of people and noise. We could hear no noise at all from our room. Parking is a dream, and if you hire a car it means you can avoid the strip totally. We will definitely stay here again if we find ourselves in Vegas once more.	
Sep 17 2009 	Good value for those on a budget	Positives:Good overall value for money paid, would stay here again.Located close to many big hotels (MGM grand, planet hollywood, bellagio, Paris) so made it easy to go and see the attractions here. Also close to Hawaiian Marketplace, so shopping is close by too.Negatives:1. The smell of tobacco in the walkways is disgusting. The smell is milder but present in the non-smoking rooms also.2. The cooling system was awfully loud in our room. It would wake us up if we were sleeping when it switched on, and we had to raise the volume on the TV by 10 every time it switched on.3. The fact that the internet is complimentary is good but would be better if it were wireless. A laptop is pointless if we can only use it at the desk.4. The only ice machine in the entire hotel on the 9th floor did not work.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great place to stay in Vegas	The carriage house is accross from the Miracle mile shops in the Planet Hollywood, and on block off the strip. The staff are extremely helpful and nice. My partner had left her phone charger at home, and was very unhappy. She asked the desk where she could find a T-mibile store to buy another one. They brought out a box with +100 chargers that had been left by guests. We got one for free. The commode needed work and the TV was difficult to figure out: help was received within 5 minutes of each call to resolve the problem.The one bedroom that we had was very spacious with a large new kitchen. We were at the back where we experienced no noise. Cons: no restaurant, small gift shop, small pool. Pros; Friendly, helpful, staff; location; quality of rooms.	
Sep 8 2009 	Best Vegas holiday in 20 years	Over the last twenty years we have visited Las Vegas a number of times, mostly staying in hotels. until we discovered the Carriage HouseWe stayed at the Carriage House on three occasions, the shortest stay was for 1 week, the longest 15 days. When you visit a hotel for a week or two you want value, comfort, space, friendly staff and easy access. The Carriage House offered all, and more.Its location, only minutes from the strip, meant that all the major attractions were within easy walking distance. Certainly no need for a car.The staff were friendly and more than willing to help with show advice and reservations.The rooms were neat, clean, and the kitchens a pleasure. If we had to criticize it would be the pool.Although the pool and surroundings are kept spotless, we found the water way too cold.... probably because the pool only gets direct sunlight a couple of hours per day.A heated pool would turn this lovely place into a gem.We are now looking forward to our next visit... to Carriage House	
Aug 8 2009 	Perfect for the Non Gambler	Great hotel if you are there for the sightseeing, shows, Grand Canyon etc. We had a two room suite with walk-in wardrobe an kitchenette, free broadband (cable supplied), two TVs etc. Small shop in the lobby, and there is also a small general store in the Miracle Mile. No restaurant, but good breakfasts etc to be had in the Miracle Mile. Concierge Marie recommended and booked tour to Grand Canyon (highlight of the trip). She also gives a talk on Sunday mornings, full of advice and information. Thank you Marie!! Location is perfect, just off the strip. Close to all the casinos (worth seeing even if you are not a gambler. Low point of the trip was in the Mirage. We had booked tickets for &quot;LOVE&quot;. Computers had broken down when we arrived, an hour before the show. We queued for nearly 100 mins. During this time, security staff refused to let our young son sit ANYWHERE. One charmer even thought it was smart to be sarcastic to him. Nuckleheads.	
Jul 22 2009 	Good place for large groups and good location but not as nice as I expected	Perhaps my expectations were too high after reading the reviews here. The Carriage House is a nice hotel, but I had a number of little issues that damped my overall experienced.The hotel lobby, check-in/out, and staff are all great. The checkin process was fast. The lobby is fresh and inviting. There is a small pantry of items that was enough for us to avoid a grocery trip. The location is as expected. It is directly across the street from the side enterance to planethollywood's end of the Miracle Mile. You must walk about 200 ft to the stop light to cross. There is heavy construction so the side walk is torn up, but they have created a temporary walk way. You can continue the full block to the Strip, or walk through PlanetHolly wood to get to the strip.We usually walked down the back street along the monorail line to the back enterance to MGM. This is about 200 yard easy walk. We then could easily walk through the MGM to NYNY, Excalibur etc. The main concerns I had with our stay was the quality of the room. We had a 1 bedroom suite. The furnishings were fine and the beds comfortable (as comfortable as a sofa bed can be). The linens were of good quality. However, the upkeep on the room itself was poor. The wall paper was old. The ceilings are very low (especially in the hall way). The kitchen was very poorly stocked. We only had one spoon, no forks, no bowls, a couple small plates. We used the cooking pots as bowls.The room overall was dark and didn't feel inviting. The bathroom/shower is very small The biggest issue was that the A/C wasn't strong enough to keep the room cool.We were just two people going to vegas for a vacation. However, if you are bringing a big group of people, this would be a fine hotel as the layout of the rooms allows for multiple families to stay near each other and have the ease of a kitchen.There is free high speed internet, but it is wired only (no wireless).Maid service is daily for the beds/bath. Taxi service available and the strip shuttles from the airport also knew of this location and worked well.	
Jul 10 2009 	Fantastic gem of a Hotel just off the strip	I stayed at the Carriage House from 26th June for 1 week along with 10 members of my family. The hotel is located in the perfect place just one block from the strip just down from Planet Hollywood and Harley Davison Cafe.Between us we had 2 one bed and 1 two bed apartments/suites. All had a living area with flatscreen TV, a full kitchen with oven, hob, microwave, coffee maker, dishwasher and a full sized fridge/freezer. The bedrooms all had a TV and plenty of wardrobe space and the bathroom was large and clean with shower and hairdryer. Cleaning service was every day with beds made and towels changed. As these are timeshare/self catering rooms then during your stay it is up to you to keep the rest of the place tidy. A hoover is provided as well as a full sized iron and board.The hotel reception had a seating area with TV and two computers with free internet access. There was a small gym with a treadmill,cross trainer and exercise bike. The staff were friendly and helpful with nothing too much trouble.Outside there was a tennis court and a small pool. There were plenty of sunbed and a small jacuzzi. Due to the high buildings the sun is at the pool between 10am and 2pm. The pool is open until 10pm and always kept clean and tidy. There were always plenty of car parking spaces .There was a laundry room on each floor with a small fee for washing and drying clothes.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great location nice place	We just returned from a one week stay at The Carriage House. Like so many others have said, this place is a little gem tucked away about a block off of the strip. We had a one bedroom with a full kitchen. The bed was quite comfortable, ample storage space for clothes. Parking was free and never a problem. We walked everywhere and found the location of the hotel to be perfectly placed on the strip. The pool was small, but very clean and had a good supply of lounge chairs. We would stay here again!	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent	We stayed here between 26th June and 3rd July and it was excellent. There were 10 of us staying in 3 apartments and none of us had any complaints. The rooms were large and had everything we needed for our stay including a full kitchen and fridge/freezer. Pool was small but plenty of room for everyone, you only get the sun between about 10am-2.30pm though because of the tall buildings around the hotel. Its only a 5 minute walk to the strip and close to MGM, Planet Hollywood and Bellagio. Would definitely recommend this hotel	
Jun 10 2009 	Very Happy	It was very central and safe for a family. Very good price for a neat tidy room. Had cooking facilities. Very helpful.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great location to the strip quiet and comfortable	We stayed from May 16th-23rd, its a great location just off the strip but centrally located.There were 8 of us, the room accomodated us well. Cleaners came through daily which we did not expect, the larger bedroom had a massive closet which fitted all of our suitcases in for storage. The Kitchen was fully equiped, with large stove/oven, full size fridge and dishwasher. Three TV's, coin operated laundry down the passage.Pool was out the front in the carpark with tennis courts and basketball court above the carpark.Straight across the road was Planet Hollywood with shopping mall, supermarkets were a couple of miles from the strip, the closest one was south on the strip called Whole Foods market but be aware this is a organic supermarket so it is pricey.The Bellagio is just around the corner with its beautiful water show.This hotel is centrally located along the strip without the noise.There is a lot of construction going on on the strip and we found the streets very dirty.Bring comfortable shoes, that accomodate for the heat as the ground surface gets extremely hot.Fremont street is magnificent something you just cant miss, although it is a couple of miles north on the strip it is worth seeing.Hoover Dam is worth a drive too, a massive bridge is being built across it at the moment which is stunning to see. We also stopped at Lake Mead on the way back to drip our feet in.Overall the lights are spectacular, the crowds are amazing at night, the heat is not so nice.We ate at the MGM Grand Buffet which we thought was good value for money, $30per head.The conceige was very informative and helpful.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great place to stay off the strip	My friends stayed at a hotel on the strip and they didn't have as good as a room as mine. Felt like a miniature apartment. A great place to stay once you spent all day walking up and down the strip. Real peaceful too, not all that constant traffic all over the place too. The workers there were wonderful, always trying to make your stay better. If they only had flight packages to go with their inexpensive rates I would love to stay here again.	
May 28 2009 	Good hotel close to the Strip	We arrived at 11.00pm and check-in was quick and without fuss. Our room was clean, quiet and had a kitchenette with all the utensils we needed.There was a laundry on our floor ($1.25 wash, $1.00 dry) and a business centre on the ground floor with 2 computers and a lounge area. Although we didn't use them it also has a swimming pool and tennis court.The Carriage House is about half a block from The Strip and closest to Planet Hollywood and MGM Grand. The price was very reasonable and I would have no hessitation in staying here again.	
May 15 2009 	Excellent Value close to the Strip But	We stayed in one-bedroom suites at the start and end of our trip. Room #323 had a full size Murphy bed built into a wall credenza; room #823 had a sofa/bed. Both were clean with no smell of cigarette smoke. The kitchens were well equipped and the bath had a surplus of linens even for a large family. The bedrooms had a large dressing area with separate sink and large mirror. The hotel is just a block off the Strip BUT late at night the area can be a little scary. Not a lot of “normal” Strip foot traffic and occasionally some “weird” folks but not enough to keep us from staying there in the future.Construction on Las Vegas Avenue near the Harmon intersection has traffic reduced to one or two lanes in both directions. If you’re driving, I’d avoid the Strip as much as possible. Don't miss the Titanic exhibit at the Luxor if you have the time. Tickets at TIX outlets are about half the price of tickets at the Luxor	
May 2 2009 	Best choice for families	Our family of 5, with 3 kids ages 8-10, stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in April 2009. Our room was a one bedroom suite which included a full kitchen, a king bed in the bedroom, and a sofa sleeper with 2 additional chairs that converted into single beds in the living area.The room was very clean and roomy. It was very easy to park here and there was a tennis court and pool in the back. I would say the best feature of this hotel was that you could walk about a block to the Miracle Mile Shops and the strip. You're very close to all the action but not so close where you have to deal with the crowds and driving issues.This hotel is a no-brainer for anyone who wants to experience Vegas but also retain a more traditional accommodation.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent value!	We arrived here on Friday 10th April at around 12pm with myself, my husband and 2 teenage kids, where the staff hapily checked us in and gave us our rooms. We were given 2 rooms on the 4th floor: 2 bed apartment Pros:Large 6 foot bedEn-suite bathroomDressing table and chairWalk in closetA 2nd bedroom with a large king size bed, with tv and a bathroom oposite which included a large walk in shower!The living area was huge, with a huge sofa, which could seat 8, which can also make a double bed. There is a table and chairs, and a large kitchen with everything you will need. Also there is a modem for internet which is great. Bad point:The master bedrooms bathroom needs a bit updating, maybe with a shower instead of a bath. We also had a 1 bedroom apartment which was large and could sleep 4, the bathroom was huge with everything you will need with 2 tv's. The hotel staff are excellent, including the concierage lady and the reception staff, they were happy to help anytime for taxi's and car hire. Also when I asked for a member of staff to fix my bath tub, a man came up within 5 minutes to fix the problem!The best part about the carriage house is that there is no casino, so you dont have to walk through a huge casino to check in or go to the pool. We would definetley return to the carriage house if we came back to vegas, as the hotel was the best part of the holiday, but this time we would just have the 2 bed apartment as it was enough room for 6 people!	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Value	The Carriage House provided an amazing &quot;bang for the buck&quot;. Got a large suite, including a full-size kitchen, with 2 TVs. The room was very clean. Check-in was quick and efficient. Free coffee was available in the room or in the lobby. The hotel is a short walk from Planet Hollywood. Small exercise room is available all night.The only downsides:1. The hall smelled of smoke, something that I am not used to, although seems to be common everywhere in Las Vegas2. There is no casino on-site of course - MGM is a few block walk, but that gets you to the back of the hotel, far from the casinos, etc. I suggest the shorter walk to Planet Hollywood.	
Feb 23 2009 	Not glitzy but a great value for Vegas	This was my third stay at this all suite hotel - each time a different size unit. All units are large plus include either a kitchenette or full kitchen fully equipped with everything you need including a daily supply of decaf/reg coffee and paper towels. Your bathroom includes a great supply of towels never given in the hotels I have stayed in, a good looking shower curtain and bathroom rug, cotton swabs and cotton balls. In short, they give the extra effort. It's so clean my boyfriend thought we were in a new room. The room decor is great and I have never had to make a request to housekeeping. I know when I check in it will be a great stay. Only area that could use some updating is the hallways. There are washers/dryers located on assigned foors	
Jan 8 2009	Decent place bad management	The place itself was ok, close enough to the strip. However, my problem was the charges added to my room after I left, $250 for &quot;deep cleaning&quot;. Although maid services are provided, I was told there was &quot;trash littered throughout the hotel&quot;. For $250 I would take a job at the Carriage House and just clean hotels!	
Jan 6 2009	Big rooms great location friendly staff	We stayed for 4 days at the Carriage House and had a very pleasant stay. When we checked in the first room they checked us into smelled strongly like cigarette smoke (room 607) despite our request of a non-smoking room. The second room (#420) was much more to our liking and smelled just fine. The location is great. Planet Hollywood is across the street, and MGM Grand and the Bellagio are close by. The staff was always friendly and courteous, and greeted us as we came and went and made us feel at home. The rooms are very large - like a typical one bedroom apartment. They feel a bit worn out, but still are well decorated in slightly worn and outdated furnishings. The kitchen is reasonably stocked with cutlery and glasses. The cleaning staff didn't clean dishes - which isn't unusual in suites we've stayed in.The rooms did a good job with noise, but it was still possible to hear the monorail going by - and one night someone nearby had their TV turned way up and we could hear the muffled sound through the walls. Another reviewer mentioned theft - and, while I don't doubt him/her at all, we didn't have any problem with this. We left both of our laptops out while we were out during the day all four days and didn't have any issue with them or anything else going missing. Overall, the rooms are a bit aged looking, and it's definitely not a glamorous hotel, but the rooms are large and comfortable. Parking wasn't a problem. It's easy to walk everywhere. The strip is less than 5 minutes walk away. The monorail - which is fairly useless by the way - is 10 minutes walk south to MGM. Great location, inexpensive rates and a large comfortable room.	
Jan 5 2009 	LOVED !!!!!!!!! The Carriage House	Great Property and Great Location !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Stayed here between Christmas and New Year's. Location could not have been much better. You are a few hundred yards from the Strip and near Plant Hollywood. This place is small and more like an older Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn Express. It is very well maintained with most of the staff having been there many years. Parking was GREAT if you have a car. Pool area is very acceptable for the size of the complex and both the pool and hot tub are heated. If you like easy access to your room and can pass on gambling all the time this is probably the best place to stay in Vegas.Plus: Location, price and parking. Not for party peopleNeg: If you enjoy a Casino you may be disappointed. Not for party people.Check out Ellis Island on Koval for &quot;&quot; GREAT &quot;&quot; food.	
Jan 3 2009 	Careful with your belongings management does not care if taken.	I stayed 4 nights at this timeshare/hotel after Christmas entering the new year. I found that the while that the facility does not have the same amenities as a regular hotel, it was close to the strip, the rooms were spacious and in the end, the facility was acceptable. The security of your personal belongings is another matter. On New Year's Eve my wife decided to leave a personal article inside our room because the weather did not merit wearing it during the day. When we came back later at night, we found it was gone. No one had gone into the room other than the maid, (s) so we called our maid in and asked her about it and of course she said she did not know anything about it. The Supervisor did not even call us. Afterward, my wife, talked to the General Manager who said she would check into it, and subsequently called us to report that she had investigated this and that she felt that her maids would not do such a thing, that they had family to support, and that they needed their health insurance and that they had all been working there a long time, and suggesting if it was missing it was our fault. he made the both of feel that maybe we had been hallucinating, on drugs, lying, trying to cheat or maybe all four. Their was no offer of compensation, no other help of any kind, or even an apology. We had to take the loss. If fact, we now know that you can put a &quot;do not disturb sign on your door&quot; and then have the maid come in and clean while you are there. You have this option, they do not like it, but they will do it. Watch the staff. Your personal articles can also be put inside your suitcases and secured and this might deter them. The management at this hotel will not help you, they DO NOT CARE; so, be careful with your belongings...	
Dec 23 2008	Carriage House - Absolutely Sensational	Wasn't sure what to expect as I had researched a number of hotels/casinos in Vegas.Carriage House was brilliant. I had myself and 2 boys and it was extremely difficult to find a 2 bedroom or 2 room unit in USA without paying ridiculous amounts of money.The hotel room had everything we needed. The Carriage House supplied a very comfortable rollaway bed; a separate main bedroom with QS bed with separate TV and walk-in robe. Living area was very large and had a QS fold-out couch (and fold-out lounge chairs if you need them). Wide-screen plasma TV in the living area and a full serviced kitchen area. For US$100 - $120 per night you can't go wrong. Even a laundrette on almost every floor which proves extremely useful.Location was ideal - one block back from the strip. Close to Planet Hollywood and Paris Casinos.Reception was fantastic - the staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful when we had questions. Louis Mas on reception is one of the best operators in the business. Checking into the hotel was simple and took literally less than 3 minutes (I've read that it sometimes takes ages to check-in at some of the larger Casinos).The Carriage House has 2 free p.c.'s in lobby for guest to use.A tennis court is also available and my boys used this twice while we were there. Also a lovely pool.I really can't say enough good things about the Carriage House and highly recommend it to anybody travelling to Vegas on business or pleasure.	
Dec 2 2008 	Sshh  keep it a secret !!	Stayed here on our 3rd visit to Vegas after twice at the Planet Hollywood. Was put off by the amount of construction on the strip so selected a 'quieter' hotel just off strip only a couple of minutes walk from the Miracle Mile shops at P.H.Have to say it was superb. To combine the hustle &amp; bustle of Vegas with an oasis of calm and tranquility was brilliant.Staff were pleasant and attentive from start to finish. The room was perfectly adequate and spacious enough for the two of us and the added bonus of a hob, fridge and microwave in the mini-kitchen made our stay more than satisfactory. Ask at reception to see the Video/DVD room - free hire, some a bit dated but a nice touch.The Carriage House is lovely and quiet, we seldom saw or heard any other guests and any construction noise was deadened by the double glazing. The small pool belonged solely to us for a couple of afternoons and after time spent walking miles up and down the strip, this was blissful. All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It might not have the 'wow' factor of the huge corporate hotels, but for a relaxing stay, it was perfect.	
Nov 30 2008	Peaceful and comfortable	We stayed at The Carriage House for a week in mid November having booked it after reading otherTripadvisor reviews. We had a 1 bedroom suite which was elegant and comfortable. There is some construction going on but this did not bother us.The furnishings were clean and comfortable, everything worked as it should. Housekeeping was well above average, in fact all the staff were great. The location is excellent, right on the Miracle Mile shopping mall, almost centre strip, just a 5 minute walk to all the action. No casino, bar or restarant on site which made the building peaceful after all the noise and lights of the strip.Only downside was some noise from the unit next door, and the pool would probably be too small if you had energetic teenagers with you. There is some noise from the monorail at the back but hey- this is Vegas, what do you expect, it really didn't bother us.	
Nov 30 2008 	Quirky beginning to show its age but can be a good value	This was my first time at Carriage House. I bit on a $69 rate over the Thanksgiving weekend after seeing the overall excellent reviews of this property.Carriage House is certainly reasonable at a low rate such as $69, but there were some quirks and the hotel is somewhat dated.Although the word &quot;suite&quot; is often thrown around to describe CH rooms, they're essentially standard size hotel rooms with a kitchenette (and no counter or seating associated with the tiny kitchenette either). Bathrooms are standard tub/shower combination; in my room, the drain was super slow and I needed to have the property come fix both the drain and the shower head, which was of an annoying needle-spray type. While the property did fix both issues, the slow drain should have been picked up by housekeeping or via the hotel's room PM process - it's not something a guest should have to report. The room is a late 80s vintage, with blond woods, floral print bedspreads and almond fixtures. The AC in the room was loud and loved to kick on obnoxiously, run for 2-3 minutes, then kick off with a loud sigh. Watching TV during an AC cycle meant constantly turning up and down the TV volume to compensate. When the AC was off there was definite noise from traffic and the monorail on the south side of the building. These days, Carriage House is virtually encased on all sides by large high rise condo buildings, so there is no real view from any room.TVs have been updated to flat panels, but there is no HD content available, and the TVs are recessed too far inside the armoire &quot;hole&quot; to allow for reasonable viewing from anywhere other than the bed.Hallways are low-ceilinged with old style drop ceilings, leading to a claustrophobic atmosphere.Most annoying was the inability to connect to the room's wired internet access. While many wireless signals (for a fee) were easily acquired, the hotel's system seems finicky on certain laptops such as ThinkPads. The hotel responded to my complaint by bringing up one of their HP laptops, connecting successfully, and then washing their hands of the issue by directing me to the wired internet provider. Two phone calls and 25 minutes on hold later, the CSR claimed their &quot;keyboard wasn't working&quot; and could I please call back later. I ended up paying an additional $12 to connect via one of the wireless providers.Given the overall value proposition, at $69 weekends this property can still be a reasonable choice. I think for future Vegas weekends I would likely pay $10 or even $20 more to stay at other choices, including Bill's and various Marriott/Hilton/HIExpress options.	
Nov 29 2008 	Bien ubicado y tranquilo	Desde un punto de vista de calidad es muy superior a los hoteles-Casino, la situación es perfecta y un trato amable.Muy recomendable si quieres descansar y visitar los grandes casinos que quedan apenas a unos 100 metros y evitar las molestia de lo crowded que suele estar estos hoteles a un precio mucho mas asequible.Lo único que le falta es un desayuno continental para ser un 10 en todo los aspectos.	
Nov 23 2008 	went to vegas baby!!!!	We had a week in vegas, and the carriage house was fabulous. The staff were so friendly and helpful, especially the concierge. It was so close to the strip but you could sleep with your window open at night and not have the noise of the strip. It took no time at all to get a cab if you needed one. The condo was so nice and clean. We ordered our groceries ahead of time through 'getaway goods.com'. It was so nice, our groceries were there and put away when we arrived. Enjoyed the cold beer when we arrived from the airport. The lobby was under construction but did not interfere with our stay at all. It was the perfect getaway. Would highly recommend it and liked it sooo much, we are staying there again on new years eve.	
Nov 20 2008 	Carriage House - EXCELLENT!	My wife and I just returned from Las Vegas after spending a week at the Carriage House (CH). If you're looking for a peaceful getaway from the hussel &amp; bussel of Vegas, CH is it!! While we love Vegas, it can get annoying having to navigate around some of the more popular hotels. CH is a breath of fresh air. We traded our timeshare for a 2 bedroom/2 bath unit at CH and were very pleased. As other writers have noted, there is construction in the area, so if this is a concern, request a higher numbered room. The lower numbers are on the end of the building near the PH construction. We were in 301 and the noise never bothered us - even with the windows open.And yes - there is no restaurant or bar on premise, but again, it's nice to escape the traffic. The Staff is excellent, very accommodating and even printed our boarding passes. Security is excellent and we never felt uncomfortable walking the 2 blocks to the strip.If you don't mind the slight walk (one trick is to enter the PH side entrance - this cuts off a lot of walking in traffic and construction) to get to the strip, then CH is a gem in the forest of mega-resorts.Many THANKS to CH and Staff for a great, peaceful vacation! We'll be back!!L&amp;J	
Nov 12 2008 	Best Little Hotel in Vegas	The Carriage House is above all Clean and Friendly. Our stay at the Carriage House was for one night only but I am looking forward to returning in January. The Bed is clean and firm, the comforter is a bit scratchy but that is the only nit pick I can make about the bed. The kitchenette is dated but clean and very useful especially the mini fridge. The Widescreen HD LCD TV was a big surprise, as was the DVD player. The only other complaint I could make about this room is that when you close the shower curtain it gets dark in the shower. We got our room for under one hundred dollars a night (including tax). The Hotel is Literately 2 short blocks from the Harley Davidson restaurant on the strip. Its about a 5 minute walk to the Miracle Mile &quot;mall&quot; (indoor walking) which brings you right to the PH hotel and casino (nice buffet @ PH). What a stunning value to find in popular Las Vegas. I can't wait to return.	
Nov 3 2008 	A Gem!	Saw that the Carriage House got constantly good reviews so thought we would have a go rather than chance Priceline.It was everything we hoped it would be.Check in was quick and effecient and we were on our way to our 7th floor room. Did I say room?Full kitchenette with full size fridge/freezer and high stools at breakfast bar. Longue area with settee, armchair, 50&quot; TV, table and 2 dining chairs. Bedroom with King bed, large chest of drawers, large TV, dressing area with vanity unit. Bathroom small but perfectly adequate. Walk in wardrobe and storage room with iron etc and safe. I have friends who live in smaller houses! 4 windows looking out on part strip. part mountains and a lot of construction ( but never a problem ).Security good as you have to use room key to access lift and outer door at night. Also security guard on duty in the lobby overnight.Nice gated swimming pool ( gain access with room key ) just steps from the main building with hot tub. Never very busy while we were there.No eating facility on-site but hey this is Vegas with a 1000 places to eat.It's located just minutes off the strip with no casino or slots. It's an oasis of calm after a day / night on the strip.If you want comfortable, spacious accomodation in a quiet area yet only minutes from the Strip then go grab it - you certainly wont be disappointed.It really is as good as everyone says it is!	
Oct 27 2008 	Great location and value for money	We came across this hotel during a road trip, part of which was to visit Las Vegas. We wanted a hotel that was fairly inexpensive but was close to the Las Vegas strip. This hotel definately delivered on those requirements.On arrival at the hotel we did discover that there was some refurbishment work happening in the reception area that we did not expect but were relieved to discover that the work was being conducted only in that area. A temporary reception had been set up in an adjoining room to the lobby.The reception staff were polite, professional and neatly turned out. Check-in took only a few minutes. We were given an electronic room key and advised to the location of our room.When we arrived at the room we found it to be fairly spacious with a fully stocked kitchenette with all of the cutlery, dishes, plates and cooking untenstils. There was also an ironing board, iron, hairdryer, tv, clock radio and air-con unit. Someone could quite easily stay here self-catering but we were only staying one night.The room we booked had two queen sized beds, a comfy chair and a table. There was also a bed-side cabinet. The bathroom and shower area were clean and tidy with clean towels and some complimentary touches like soap, shampoo, etc.What was really great about this hotel was it's location in relation to the Las Vegas strip. It is literally about a block away to the strip but we were paying a reasonable price.I would definately recommend a stay here for those on a budget who was to see Las Vegas.	
Oct 3 2008 	Excellent	Extremely friendly very helpful staff. Nice large rooms with kitchenette. Very good value. We highly recommend the dinner buffets in Planet Hollywood (nearby) and Rio Hotel.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great place location and away from the slot machines!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for a week in mid Sept. The reception area was being refurbished but not a problem. Some people on here have said that the sun leaves the pool at 2pm. Rubbish. The pool was covered in shade around 4.30pm. To be honest, it came as a relief. Internet was available but we did not bring our ethernet cable, however, the reception provided one free of charge.We bought some bits of food at the marriott around the corner which was very expensive, so just go towards the strip and turn left at the harley davidson place and go to the 7/11 or any of the other minimartsThere was also alot of building work going on the strip (MGM city centre) which was a bit annoying, but again, no big problem. Definately use the local bus service (as the monorail is a good 15mins walk to MGM for the nearest pick up). The 'deuce' named bus was only $2 one way or $5 all day. And although the casinos look close, after walking up and down the strip, the $2 seems very good value	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Clean Comfortable Hotel!	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights while I attended a work conference and were VERY pleased with our stay. The hotel is a short drive from the airport (less than 10 minutes) and a very short walk to the strip (1 block). The hotel is right next to Planet Hollywood and almost &quot;center strip&quot; in my opinion (although it is a long walk all the way up to the north end of the strip). The hotel lobby was under construction when we were there, but even so was still clean and well kept. Security in the hotel was also very good as you need a keycard to get in to the hotel after 10pm and you must have a keycard to use the elevator. When we arrived we were told that they did not have a non-smoking deluxe suite available (I guess I had failed to request a non-smoking room). I told them that we had to have a non-smoking room (the problem was we were leaving on a Saturday and the system would not let them give us a room as they were booked for the weekend). So he talked with the manager and we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite at no extra charge - wow! What a room and what a deal! My husband and decided after seeing the room that we would definitely choose that hotel and a one room suite if we ever go back to Vegas with kids in tow. The room was huge! There was a full kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, freezer, sink, microwave, coffeemaker, stove - no oven though), a living room with sofa and TV and pull down sleeper bed, and a bedroom with a king size bed, TV, and walk in closet. The room was truly HUGE. The bathroom had a sink inside and a second vanity in the bedroom. Everything was clean and well kept. I'm easily disgusted by hotel rooms and I felt very comfortable here. There is no wi-fi like the website advertises, but there is a high speed DSL connection that you can connect to in room - bring your own cable though. The grocery store is not within walking distance, but would probably just be a short drive or taxi ride away. We just bought a few things from the walgreens and CVS about 1-2 blocks away. Overall, we were very happy with our stay and plan to return to this hotel in the future.	
Sep 17 2008 	A Gem	Fantastic, my favourite hotel out of the 5 different ones we stayed in during our Summer holiday. This non gaming hotel is located in a great position just 5 minutes walk from the strip. Close enough to walk to all the major attractions but far enough away from the noise and crowds. We booked a suite which had a fantastic huge bedroom with walk in wardrobe &amp; additional wash basin. The living room had a sofa bed for the kids and there was a kitchenette with microwave, fridge, kettle, hob etc. All staff were helpful and polite, providing additional recommendations for takeout and eateries and calling our room when the food arrived. Very useful laundry facilities on site and a small shaded pool with masses of pool towels which the kids made good use of. We loved Vegas, and this fabulous hotel made it even better.	
Sep 10 2008 	Just off the strip but still well located	We paid $150 a night, staying 3 nights, and after being a little disappointed at first in getting a smoking suite (our choice,better option with the beds) we enjoyed our stay.You are about 5 minutes walk from the strip and taxis are easily available from the hotel if needed. There is also plenty of parking spaces. Our suite was large, clean and with everything in good order.Dispite what photos may seem to show , you have to walk out the hotel lobby and up some steps to the pool. But once there it's nice with a jauzzi and towels available.For breakfast we went around the back and into The MGM Grand, where for about $15 you get all food you could eat.	
Sep 9 2008 	GOOD VALUE - NO PROBLEMS	We had three nights in this hotel and found it to be good value, well located and had very friendly staff. The room was certainly comfortable and although the scenery from the window was limited it was quite acceptable. Quiet location particularly given its close proximity to the Strip. Would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 4 2008 	A perfect escape	After seeing the hotel on tripadvisor I contacted the hotel to see if they could accomodate 2 adults plus 3 kids (8,10 &amp; 12) in one room. They could and we booked a suite with the kids sleeping in the living room on sofa beds. We do not like staying at very large hotels because of all the hustle and bustle. I was surprised how close to the strip it was - about 5-10 minutes walk, after a day on the strip it was nice to get back to the peace and quiet of this small hotel. The room was perfect, really spacious with all the facilities you need, staff very helpful, pool fairly small but o.k. If you're looking for a non gaming hotel near to the strip for the family I can thoroughly recommend The Carriage House.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great find just off the strip	We booked this hotel from trip advisor reviews and we were not dissappointed.Location - superb, just far enough from the strip to walk but quiet and safe away from the hussle and busslePool - great for the kids, shaded, just what you need in 107 degreesRooms - spacious and comfortable beds. Very clean. Have to say that each room very different layouts. Ours had huge kitchen and small bedroom whilst a friend had the opposite, directly across the hall. did have a few problems with our air conditioning, but maintenance came immediatelyPlus - Great to have washing facilities on site and a little supermarket in hotel next door was perfect. Kitchenette meant being able to have breakfast etc before setting out for the day.Recommend - Certainly. Was a good priced hotel in good location. Dont expect the Ritz, but a welcome relief from all the slot machines.	
Aug 23 2008 	Wonderful place	Well I have all praises for this oasis in Las Vegas. I cannot understand the negative reviews written here. I was given a wonderful room with magnificent view. Everything worked properly in the room, bathroom, and ktchen. Room service very efficient. Front desk staff and concierge superb. Very fast check in and check out. I was there for 14 days and I have not a single complaint. Every request was granted. And is a place very near the strip, surrounded by very tall buildings but this is not at all a problem for the use of the swimming pool, actually you can sunbath most part of the day. They arrange for you a shuttle service to make groceries at no cost and get you good deals for shows. As I said, I have but praises or this hotel and hope to return to it my next vacation.	
Aug 12 2008 	Just what we needed	Used the Carriage House as our base for two nights in LV. Very positive about the whole place - clean, tidy, huge one-bed suite, with room for rollaway in lounge so teen kids (m/f) did not have to 'top and tail' on the sofa bed. Very quiet and handy for all that we needed. Easy to find on drive from airport. Good price when I booked (early). Would use it again.	
Aug 8 2008	Large rooms peaceful but very handy for strip	Went as trip advisor had recommended. Extremely pleased with it. Great location - 5 mins walking from strip and just off the middle so equally handy for either end. Reasonably priced, very large comfortable rooms. Quiet. No restaurant on premises just vending machines. However, miracle mile very near with lots of cafes etc or can order pizza delivery etc. If had to find something to complain about it is that their computer system seems a bit slow when you are waiting to check in/out and once it had crashed.	
Jul 26 2008 	Viva the c. house	Pro:Location - close to the strip (Hard Rock Hotel)Quiet Nice outdoor pool with spaRoom spacious and neat - complete kitchen with dishwasher etc.Helpfull staffFeels like a very secure placeCon: NothingSum-up: Excellent for families - close to the strip but quiet and safe	
Jul 23 2008 	One of the best hotels on our trip	This was more a flat than ahotel as it had a small kitchenette, separate room for us and the kids. Great facilities, flat screen TV, good pool and very near the Strip, you could walk to most areas within 20 minutes. Thoroughly recommended.	
Jul 20 2008 	Great place to stay	my 11 year old daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights in June 2008. What a little oasis in Vegas away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip and away from the gambling. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the Strip opposite the new Planet Hollywood hotel. It has a good pool that is particuarly nice in the late afternoon when the sun goes behind the Strip hotels. The staff were friendly and helpful, the room very comfortable and the inclusion of a mini kitchen was very useful. It is however a pity that the hotel has no breakfast facilities on site and I could not even get any fresh milk in the hotel. &quot;also, unlike many other hotels, the internet cafe in the foyer was not free although if you brought your own laptop it was free to use in your room. Other than that, it is a good hotel and one I would recommend.	
Jul 17 2008 	great for family holiday	date july2008reviewer Ballarat AustraliaOur family of four had the pleasure of staying here for 4 nights late june this year.It may not be as flashy as some of the other big hotels, but it certainly makes up for it in its service. the staff are very helpful and organised tickets to a show called O. We were very happy to find out when we were seated that we had 2nd row seats in the middle of the theatre. thankyou carriage house. this show was amazing and one of the best shows that I have ever seen.We had a room with a separate bedroom and a pull out sofa and a roller bed. the kitchen was like new with all the new utensils it offered.We enjoyed cooking two of the nights we were there.We also found that this hotel was great and well suited to families as there was no casino. it was one big block to the srip and very central to most things. Miricle Mile shops a block away. It was nice comming back to our quiet hotel after walking the busy strip.  It is only 2 blocks to the Bellagio fountains and we enjoyed tea at the Bellagio one night at Noodles. This restuarant was a great find and we wished we had found it sooner.We would definately stay here again.	
Jul 10 2008 	Excellent without any doubt	The rooms are great loaded with all the utensils you need for cooking ,cutlery,pans,knife,cutting board.Though we dint get at all to cook.The location is great between mgm grand and flamingo.it just two blocks away from the strip .Everything is perfect about this hotel.	
Jul 10 2008 	A little gem in a BIG city!! We LOVED it!	I had booked a trip to the US starting in the US for my mum's XXth birthday (a big one!) We started our trip in Las Vegas and knowing how expensive everything can be I wanted to stay in a nice affordable place. The Carriage House it just what we wanted. Our room had a kitchenette (I think they all do) which has everything you need to cater for yourselves during your stay. The hotel staff are very helpful, there is a pool in front of the hotel, you are less than 5 minutes walk to the Las Vegas Strip, and not far from the monorail at the MGM. They have laundry facilities and internet (which you have to pay for). The big advantage of this hotel is that you are walking distance to just about everything, but can get away from the &quot;bright lights, big city&quot; atmosphere when you've done for the day. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 25 2008 	Very Nice Room	We had a 1 bedroom king room with a queen sleeper sofa in the living room,,,full kitchen which was nice...the room was very clean and comfortable...the hallways could use some paint and updating...They had coffee from 8-10am,,,Have internet access and pc with internet/printer to use at extra charge - which was handy as I had an emergency where I needed to print and fax documents.This place is within walking distance - about 2 blocks from the strip - which is close enough but far enough from the hustle and bustle of Vegas...The pool was nice as it was in the shade in the afternoon...We would stay here again.	
Jun 18 2008 	Not bad but probably won't stay again	I stayed at the Carriage House through a timeshare exchange. It was close to the strip, but the extra couple blocks became tedious after 6 days of walking everywhere. Overall, the staff was very friendly and the room was nice. We were not able to get our room to cool below 75degrees. When it got to be more like 80 one day, we called for service and found out that the air conditioner had frozen. Even once they fixed it, it still didn't cool properly. In all fairness, they offered to let us change rooms, but with only a few days left in the trip, I didn't want to pack up all the stuff. I'm not sure another room would have been better. The pool is nice too, but only gets about 2 hours of sun a day since it sits between two tall buildings.	
Jun 17 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised -- Great Value	The Carriage House is one block off the strip in between the MGM and Planet Hollywood. Our room had a view of the monorail, which for us was entertaining. The one-bedroom suite was clean, well stocked, and comfortable. The kitchen was equipped with cooking utensils, pots, pans, plates, etc. The bathroom was stocked with extra towels. Most likely because the one-bedroom suite sleep 4 (one bed, one sofa bed). Since there were only two of us that meant more towels. The suite also had two T.V.s, three telephones, a full kitchen, a dining area, and a living room. Our room was on the third floor facing the monorail and we could hear the street noise at night. If sound is an issue for you I recommend a room on an upper floor or my favorite: ear plugs. The only downside was the lack of a restaurant or continental breakfast. The Carriage House does provide delivery (for a fee) from various take-out restaurants and grocery delivery. All-in-all you can't beat it for the price, location, and comfort.	
Jun 16 2008 	Better than expected	We stayed at the Carriage House for 7 days/nights. It was in a good spot, right off the strip, maybe a 5 minute walk. This was a hotel with no casino which was kind of nice. We had a king size bed with a queen pull out sofa. There were 4 adults in the room which made it a little tight when getting ready in the morning, but other than that, it was fine. It's Vegas, so of course you don't sleep much, at least we didn't anyways. The room was clean and furnished. The hotel has a bus that comes on Sunday afternoons to take you to the grocery store, which was a nice convenience!! The hotel foots the bill for it...of course, you should tip the driver though!! One downside is the pool location. There is a large, very tall building that towers the pool, thus not allowing much sun over the pool for the sunbathers :( Overall, this was a pleasant stay and I would recommend for anyone. It was clean and simple.	
May 30 2008 	We loved it	As a party off three adults from the Netherlands we stayed at the Carriage House for 1 week.The frontdeskmembers were during the week very polite and friendly.The grocery service is great after a long travel.The room is very clean , and big enough for three adults.Just a short walk to MM shops off planet Hollywood so the location is perfect.No long rows at the front desk.There's some construction around but that didn't gave us any noise problems.We like to stay here again and again.	
May 5 2008 	Great stay with family	Was in Vegas for a wedding with my wife and 16 month old son. We wanted a quiet no casino hotel and The Carriage House was perfect. The only thing I could find wrong was when my feet got a little dirty after walking on the kitchen floor .	
May 2 2008 	Best in las vegas	If you want a first class comfortable hotel just off the strip near MGM grand and do not want to walk miles when entering the hotel to get to your room then this is the hotelvery smart and good kitchen with all amenitieslovely big room with good views over las vegasTHIS IS THE ONE	
Apr 14 2008 	Wonderful!	We had a wonderful time at The Carriage House. It's not luxurious but it is spacious, clean and comfortable. We had a living room, bedroom, full kitchen and bathroom. Great price, great location. Very near the strip (5 minute walk to Miracle Mile/Planet Hollywood) but away from noise and traffic. Staff was friendly, and conscientious. They went the extra mile to please. I would definitely return to this little gem off the strip.	
Mar 29 2008 	Absolutely The Best Place To Stay In Vegas	We stayed at the Carriage House in Las Vegas March 7-14 2008 while we were attending the Con Expo Convention. Abosolutely the nicest place we have stayed in Vegas...ever!! We traded our week through Interval International from our home resort to the Carriage House and our room was absolutely wonderful!! The nicest bed we have ever slept on in all of our years of travelling, and we have done plenty!! The room was absolutely spacious and the maid service was the best! We were told that the would clean the room, change the towels, but it was up to us to do our own dishes...they even did those too!! We were very impressed and will be returning to Las Vegas and will be staying at the Carriage House again. They have the best king size beds and the fluffliest pillows anywhere!!Everyone from the front desk staff, to the Concierge staff, to the driver who took us for groceries was absolutely accomodating!!	
Mar 28 2008 	Excellent Family Retreat Location	This is an excellent place to bring your families to. My wife and 2 teenagers stayed in 2 suites. My 2 sisters and their families stayed in 2 additional suites. The Carriage House was glad to put us all on the same floor, which was great. Most of the rooms came with a full size oven, so we could have keesh for breakfast one day. The 1 bedrooms suites rooms have a living area that was large enough for all 14 of us to get together to eat! The place was quiet enough at night, so you could get a good nights sleep. About a block and a half back off the strip between the MGM and Planet Hollywood, it's an excellent location. Go out to The Strip, take a right, and you can walk down to the Bellagio to see the awesome fountain and the Paris hotel. Take a left on the strip and walk to the MGM and NY NY, Excaliber and Luxor. There are Walgreen's and CVS stores a couple blocks away, which really came in handy for snacks, sodas and odds and ends that we needed at decent prices. All in all, one of my favorite places I have stayed at in Vegas!!!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great location but could be cleaner!	Just completed a 12 night stay at The Carriage House. While the location was great and the suite amenities (full-size kitchen) perfect for a business traveler, I was extremely disappointed by the daily &quot;maid&quot; service. Aside from making the bed and providing new towels for the bathroom, there seemed to be little, if any, attempt to clean the rest of the suite. Vacuuming was clearly not a priority. Moreover, I don't think that they cleaned the bathroom one time during my two week stay. In addition, the pool was only open for the last four days of my stay. I would think twice about staying at The Carriage House again.	
Mar 26 2008 	Terrific place to stay!	Our family of 5 (including 3 children) stayed at this property for 3 nights in March. We had a separate bedroom and a pullout sofa in the living room as well as a kitchen. Our spacious room and the hotel property was kept very clean. They provide you with tennis racquets and a basketball to play on their tennis court. The court and the swimming pool are a separate structure located above the parking lot. The pool was undergoing renovations this week, so we were allowed to use the gym and the pool at the Marriott hotel. We used their gym but not the pool. It takes only a few minutes to walk to the LV strip. It is within walking distance to the MGM hotel and right across the street from the Planet Hollywood hotel and their shops. New York, New York, the Excalibur, Monte Carlo and the Bellagio hotels are close by. The kids enjoyed looking through the M&amp;M store (with a 3-D movie upstairs to watch), about a block away if you walk towards MGM. This is a terrific place to stay while visiting LV. I would recommend it to families and to larger groups of people whotravel together.	
Mar 21 2008 	best holiday ever	I stayed at the carriage house in Jan. 08. It was a birthday surprise for my husbands 60th. I did not know what to expect, as i had read some poor reviews. Ican only say perhaps the people who were not satisfied must not have researched the accommodation and amenities on site before booking.The apartment was specious. With comfortable chairs and sofas.The kitchen was well equipped and had a dish washer.the bathroom was very clean with lots of white fluffy towels, shower only. The bed room was large as was the bed. And i must say, it was the most comfortable bed i have ever slept on on any holiday.Iwould return just for the bed alone.We had feather pillows and a pillow top mattress. Ensuring we had an excellent nights sleep.We were not troubled by building noise either. And there is a lot of it going on around it. It has not got a restaurant, or a bar. but we new this before we booked. But with plenty of food and drink outlets on the door step it is not necessary.the location of the carriage is excellent, just off the strip.All in all this was the best holiday i have ever had. It was great to escape to the carriage house for some peace after a noisy hectic day in vegas	
Mar 1 2008 	Unethical Business Practices	We booked this hotel through Interval International by trading in our own time at our home resort. We booked for two weeks. The first week was a studio style hotel room. The second week, however, was supposed to be a 1 bedroom 1 bath style hotel room - clearly an upgrade from the first week's accommodations.The first week went without incident. When the time came for us to move into the upgraded accommodations, however, we had a number of problems with The Carriage House.First, Management at the Hotel claimed to have no knowledge of the upgrade. Once we produced proof of the upgrade, they appeared reluctant to honor the agreement, and stated &quot;most people do not change rooms&quot;.Second, it became very apparent that the Carriage House had booked the second week of the 1 bedroom 1 bath style accommodation with another party. As such, they were unable to move us as requested. In order to dissuade us, front desk staff and management advised us that we would have to clear our room, wait in the lobby for six hours with our luggage, and see if the room was available, notwithstanding the fact that we had written confirmation from Interval International. Given that I am 69 years old and on oxygen, this proposal was unacceptable, and we were essentially forced to return to our studio style accomodations.In conclusion, we would not recommend The Carriage House to anyone that books through Interval International. We found their business practices quite deceitful and unethical.	
Feb 29 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We booked through RCI and it was our 1st exchange outside of Portugal so were a little apprehensive about travelling so far without the back up of a travel company. But any worries were unfounded the Carriage house as we new was about a block off the strip but you can cut through the Miracle Mile shops in the Planet Hollywood to cut off a corner (or maybe not if you get lost)We were more than pleased with the one bedroom open plan apartment with King size bed it also had a dividing screen to section off the living room that had a sofa which converted into a queen size bed. it has a fully equiped kitchen including dishwasher, fridge/freezer and full size cooker, microwave, coffee perculator, iron, hairdryer and the list goes on.Everything was spotlessly clean and the staff very polite and more than helpful.We are already planning to return next February	
Feb 16 2008	Great value very nice place very close to strip	Very nice property very close to the strip. We decided to stay an extra night and couldn't find anywhere with an open room on a Saturday night with a big fight going on. They had a 1 bedroom king suite with a queen murphy bed available for a good price.I'll definitely keep this in mind for future visits to Vegas.	
Dec 11 2007	Great place to stay.	Traded a weeks time share for this hotel. Great location.People working there were great. Had been booked into a smoking room and needed a non smoking room. Even though they were full they managed to make the change.Quite and relaxing. Would stay there again.	
Dec 1 2007 	Service could be better	We came here on our second week of vacation, on the way back from Maui. When we got there we were beat tired. We were given our room, a room with 2 double beds after we reserved a non smoker with a king. We were changed to a king the next day, things happen. The second day we were in our new room the tub/shower drain was backing up after my wife took her shower. I was given a key to take a shower in another room. When I returned the key, I was asked if I wanted to move to that room. I figured there was an issue there, so we did. The next early morning at 3AM the smoke detector went off chirping with a low battery alert. The maintenance man said they change the batteries only when they chirp. This is un acceptable. I wouldnt send an enemy here.	
Nov 28 2007 	Perfect retreat	Our first time in Vegas (11-16 Nov 07) and were we glad we chose The Carriage House. The location is ideal, tucked in behind Planet Hollywood and the MGM, you are only a few minutes from casinos, shops and all modes of transport. After a long day investigating the big impersonal hotels and all the hustle, bustle and noise they generate, the Carriage House was our perfect retreat. No problem checking in here, spotlessly clean and very well sound proofed and the security first class. It was really nice to get back and have the facilities to eat and drink whatever you fancied, you don't always want to be bothered to venture out and find somewhere to eat. We used the hotels website to have groceries delivered to our room ready for our arrival. This was a wise move on our part, and the quality was ist class. After 21 hrs of travel we did not feel like searching for restaurants etc. Highly recommended and if we go back to Vegas the Carriage House is our 1st choice. Useful tips, take plenty of one and five dollar bills, useful for tipping and you lose less when gambling, take the taxi from the airport, only 13 dollars and is quick.	
Nov 26 2007 	Nice little hotel	We just returned from 2 nights at the Carriage House. My daughter and I were in Las Vegas to see the Beatles Love Show at the Mirage and Jerry Seinfeld at Caesar's. The hotel had plenty of free parking, it was conveniently located. We walked home from Caesar's with no problem at night (we like to walk--it took maybe 15 minutes). It was right across the street from the huge shopping mall in Planet Hollywood--tons of mall stores and places to eat. The hotel is very clean and attractive inside. Our room had 2 double beds, a kitchenette with stove, microwave, frig, sink. It had free high speed internet. It had good sound-proofing so our room was quiet. For two women, the security was great. You had to have a room key-card to use the elevator and to enter the lobby after 10pm. The staff was very helpful. We were late, and they gave me perfect directions to quickly drive to the Mirage and park while avoiding all the traffic.On our way from the airport, we picked up groceries for breakfast and sodas at the Von's on Tropicana before we checked in, but I heard there was a nice, new, closer Albertson's market that I didn't know about until we were leaving.If you want a nice hotel with a kitchenette for a reasonable price ($119), convenient to the Strip (a 3 minute walk), I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 2 2007 	Fantastic	Stayed here both on the way to Hawaii and back, staff were very friendly and helpful.Rooms a good size and clean.3 minute walk to the strip, good location.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great Surprise	We arrived after a long flight to be very pleasantly greeted by a friendly staff. The hotel itself isn't large but we were well pleased with our room. We had a view of the MGM Signature and the mountains in the distance. The hotel location was within a 10 minute walk to the main strip but not well lit at night. The facilities were excellent and included a very nice pool. Highly recommended for those wanting to relax a little away from the bright lights.	
Oct 22 2007 	great place if u want p	i`ve been here before around 2 years ago and it hasn`t changed much.only complaint is they got rid of joey`s restaurant and bar on the top floor which were both excellent,why i dont know .so if u look thru rci`s description it is wrong. anyway, check in, a wee problem because my room wasnt ready for 4 pm,so check in staff were very helpful and upgraded me to a superior suite which was excellent.rooms spotless and maid service 1st class.the hotel is so quiet even with construction beside planet hollywood.which by the way is 3 mins walk and i just love that place.you are 5 mins from the strip which is ok,i didnt use the pool or tennis court which are really the only facilities and looked just fine.they do cheap tickets to steve wyrick magic show at planet hollywood but u can get them cheaper at tx for tonite,would`ve loved a place to have a drink b4 hitting the sack each night but it wasn`t to be, if you want a beautiful suite and friendly staff combined with a very quiet place to stay then this is for you.GET JOEY`S BACK IT WAS GREAT!	
Sep 30 2007 	Great hotel!	We stayed 6 nights at the Carriage House Hotel and were VERY impressed. The location was great - a two minute walk from the strip and only a one minute walk to the back entrance of the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. We booked directly through the hotel website so got a 20% discount as an AA member (AAA in the USA). We only actually booked a room but were given a corner suite which was perfect; it had everything you could want - 42&quot; flatscreen TV, massive bed, fully equipped kitchen (all sparklingly clean), dressing room with loads of hanging space, iron and ironing board etc. We also borrowed a network cable from the front desk so had free high speed internet access as well.All in all a brilliant hotel and unbeatable for the price!	
Sep 17 2007 	Well run establishment	Simply wonderful,I booked this reservation directly with the hotel by phone because reservations where not available online through trip advisors partners. I thought it was a nuisance, but when I got such a better rate on the phone than what I saw on the net the nuisance ended. This hotel stands like a dwarf amongst the casino hotels surrounding it within one block walking distance from the Las Vegas strip.We got a suite for two couples, my parents my sweetie and me.When we got up to our suite we found it very spacious and pleasing to the eye including a good size bedroom with King size bed, a full living room that could entertain visitors and a full kitchen.After checking the pullout bed in the living room we realized that it wouldn’t accommodate two adults (contrary to the opinion of the reservation folks on the phone). A little concerned and somewhat disappointed we went down to the front desk to deal with our findings.The front desk folks have a “can do” attitude and within seconds they found us a suite of two adjacent rooms. One spacious room had a king size bed with a small kitchenette and the adjacent room had a drop down Murphy bed with a real queen size mattress and a fully equipped kitchen. We were not charged any extra for getting two rooms instead of the original suite.I mention the kitchens, although we didn’t use them. They are fully equipped with newer silverware, utensils and all the kitchen stuff you need. If you don’t have a car the staff will take you to a grocery store everyday around noon to go shopping. They had other amenities we didn’t use like the pool and the tennis court and more.Simple, affordable, convenient, comfortable- job well done!	
Aug 22 2007 	Loved The Carriage House	We stayed 4 nights at The Carriage House and loved it! It was quiet, even though they were remodeling and there was construction across the street. The front desk was friendly. The 1 bedroom suite with kitchen was spacious. Housekeeping did an excellent job of cleaning. The bed was comfy. The only wish we had was to have a breakfast restaurant closer to the hotel.	
Jul 22 2007 	Excellent Hotel and Location	This is the first time we have been to Las Vegas and it was very hot for July. The Carriage House is located in a prime area. Not on the crowded strip. It is in a perfect place. Not a long walk to the strip and across the street from the PH and the Miracle Mile Mall. The hotel was great. Very clean great staff. I love the idea of how to get to your room I felt very safe. Washer and Dryer on almost every floor was a big help. Using the computer was not so bad you knew that people would not be on it long. Thank you for making our 1st trip to vegas great! Yes I would love to stay again.	
Jun 19 2007 	excellent place to stay!	This is a great place to stay to experience Las Vegas! My husband and I were there the 2nd week of June, for a first time visit. The Carriage House is incredibly convenient to almost everything, and is a non-smoking, non-gaming suite hotel. We used our timeshare exchange and it was well worth it. The place is very well maintained and nice, with a small but perfectly adequate pool. The staff were friendly and helpful -if we ever come back to Las Vegas, we will definitely stay here.	
Jun 11 2007	Absolutely loved this place and would stay here again!!	Stayed here last week June 2-9 and loved everything about this place. The security is top notch. The rooms and common areas are spotless. We had a one bedroom suite and everything was brand new and spotless. It was large with a large bathroom, full kitchen, dining room and living room. The bedroom with king size bed was large and it had the most comfortable mattress that I have ever slept on anywhere. They leave you with loads of extra towels in the bathroom drawers and the huge closet has extra pillows and blankets. The staff is very accomodating and pleasant. I stayed at the Marriott Grand Chateau last year which is also suites/timeshare and I enjoyed The Carriage House so much more. They even clean your room every day which most time shares do not. I wouild never think of cooking while on vacation, but it is so nice to have the extra room. Alll the appliances were brand new. I cannot think of a negative thing to say. I would recommend this to anyone and I will stay here again on my next trip to Vegas. The location is convenient, too!	
Jun 4 2007 	We love this place!!!	We stayed here when we first arrived in Vegas for 3 days and then after coming back from california. We love this place, convenient to the strip, and convenient shops if you forgot to pack something small. nice spa!!. Safe key system that doesn't allow anyone on elevator with out room key. Only wish it had internet services for everyone, you had to have wireless or pay to use hotels computer. Not everyone carries a computer with them on vacation. We also got upgraded to one bedroom suite on last stay, really nice, comfortable place. And people we so helpful. even gave directions to go to death valley,printed out!! Concierge was so helpful too.	
May 29 2007	Carriage house was a good time	We stayed at the carriage house for four nights over the memorial day weekend. Travelled with two kids, my wife and my mom. The rooms were huge and they had a kitchen. The pool was nice but outdoors and the Vegas sun is very intense. The hotel is very far from anything, it was very hard to get around, especially with kids. It was a hike to the MGM and the Planet Hollywood was nearby. It was hard to use public transport because it was far away (the monorail) or the traffic was so bad you might as well walk. My point is: Vegas is not for kids. The staff at the carriage house was very nice and went out of their way to be helpful. The place was quiet over the weekend, but the Marriot next door is under construction, so it was noisy during the week.	
May 25 2007 	Very good value for above average room.	I stayed there May 12-16. Like so many people I did not want to pay $200+ per night for a room in the new mega -deluxe &quot;resorts.&quot; Going midweek is usually much cheaper, but they only charged an additional $27 for the Saturday night. I stayed at this hotel about 7 years ago and was happy to see that it has been kept up very well. With all the construction going on around it, the pool is closer to the hotel and the parking lot is smaller. But that is all for the better. This is a great location. Only 1 block to the New Planet Hollywood shops, 2 blocks to the strip. Rooms were very clean and staff was great. They took time to answer any question in detail.I like having the kitchentte in the room. I'm not a big breakfast person so the first day I stock up on some food. It is great to have a relaxing morning instead of having to get dressed just to go get something to eat when you get up.I had read some reviews about construction noise so I took ear plugs with me. Maybe it was just my room location, but construction noise was not a problem. I thought the noise would be bad while trying to relax by the pool, but that didn't bother me either. The air conditioner would be my only minor complaint...that was annoying. So I was glad I had the ear plugs.This is an excellent value for the size of room and location. It is by no means elegant or luxurious. It is a very good hotel. I hope it doesn't get squeezed out by everything going up around it. That seems to be the way of things in Vegas now...out with the old, in with the new. Let's hope they keep a few of the traditional hotels for us &quot;regular&quot; people.	
May 21 2007 	Loved The Carriage House	We stayed at The Carriage House in Las Vegas for the last four days of our 11-day trip. This is a small hotel, nine floors, about one (long) block from the strip. Access to the Miracle Mile Shops is only one block away and a great place to cut through to avoid the heat of the day. Very conveniently located near the strip, it has free and ample parking. There is no casino in this hotel, so access to your room is quick and easy. All access into the hotel is monitored and the keycard must be used to enter the building after 10:00 p.m. and at all times to access the elevators. Great security! We had a king room with small kitchenette. Perfect for our needs! Came with everything we needed to cook simple meals which was a nice break after eating out for seven days in row. The hotel supplied everything needed in the kitchen, including coffee pot, micro, stove stop, fridge, towels, dish soap, etc.We received a room on the third floor away from the construction which is taking place around this hotel at an amazing pace. We were only disturbed once by the construction noise. Otherwise, it was a small buzz in the background, but nothing to disturb us.The room was immaculate. The beds were comfortable and had a cotton waffle-weave blanket instead of the velour blanket all hotels seem to use. The front desk employees were always so helpful. The pool was open until 10:00 p.m. and we enjoyed that several evenings after a long day on the strip and before we went back out for evening touring. They have a snack vending area which supplied us with ice cream treats at a very reasonable price (75 cents to $1.25). After paying $3 for bottled water on the strip one day, I could really appreciate the value of a ice cream treat for 75 cents!!)I would recommend this hotel whoeheartedly to anyone. At $70 a night, it's a value that can't be beaten by any &quot;off-strip&quot; property.	
May 3 2007 	Another great stay	This was our second stay at the Carriage House. Last year, we really wanted a suite hotel and saw some good reviews on this one on tripadvisor. This year we didn't really need a suite but decided to stay there anyway. It's right off the strip so you can walk to the Dessert Passages Mall (now turning into the Miracle Mile Mall) and the Planet Hollywood Casino (formerly Aladdin). We even did that last July and lived to tell about it. This is a great place to stay if you will want a break from all the crowds and dodging slot machines--it has no casino. The staff is friendly and helpful. We had a problem with the drain in the tub and it was fixed right away. I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 18 2007 	good value and location	We stayed three nights in a one bedroom suite in mid April.Following instructions we found the hotel easily enough and could park close to the entrance. Very small by comparison with Las Vegas hotels, but this made it all very smooth. Coffee available in the morning. Swimming pool, smallish but handy. Basketball court (which my kids loved), which overlapped with tennis court.Our suite wasn't huge, but it all worked fine. Slightly odd smell in the room, but you could open the windows slightly which we did. Good sized kitchen area. There was a lot of construction work around, as in many parts of Vegas. This could be noisy through the night, on only one night did this approach a problem. You might want to check when this would be through if this could be a problem for you (Although this would appear to be a common problem in Vegas).Easy walk to the Desert Passage and onto the Strip.We only paid between $95-129 a night which seemed a real bargain. Certainly we'd stay there again for the peaceful off strip non-casino ambience, location and value.	
Apr 12 2007 	Carriage House - Excellent Value	Spent only two nights at the Carriage House in a one bedroom suite. Not much room in the dining/family room area with the sofa bed pulled out. No complaints about comfort on the sofa bed, but the pillows are foamy &amp; stiff. Bedroom was quite large with a large vanity/sink area. Normal size bathroom with one sink &amp; a bathtub/shower with very good water pressure. Every kitchen should be supplied with more than one frying pan. When cooking for four, this would be very helpful! Spent a couple of hours out by the pool. It was not crowded and was very nice and the water was warm but refreshing! The front desk was very helpful with requesting taxi service to the airport. Not fancy, but perfect for families and those wanting a little quiet time. Many of the best hotels and free attractions are within walking distance. Go on the Eiffel Tower at night to see all the lights!	
Apr 11 2007 	Great location much construction	Three of us stayed in a nonsmoking one-bedroom unit (524) April 2-5 and were quite comfortable. This southeast corner unit is very large, especially compared to a one-bedroom unit (stayed in by other family members) located on an upper floor in the middle of the west side. The room was clean and the pool was fine. The front desk staff were helpful. By unlucky coincidence, the road behind the hotel was repaved starting the night we arrived, so in addition to jack-hammering and asphalt truck back-up beeping, we had the inconvenience of difficult entry into the parking lot. The paving was complete by the time we left, but there are still huge construction projects next door and across the street. We enjoyed being near the Strip and almost across the street from the nonsmoking Desert Passage (Aladdin/Planet Hollywood) shopping area, which also gave us an alternative walking route to the Strip, connecting us right to the crosswalk to the Bellagio. One evening we walked from the Carriage House to the Monte Carlo, and down to Treasure Island. This is all within about 1 mile of the hotel. For our family, being able to park right outside, not having to walk through a casino, and having a kitchen are all strong recommendations for staying at a small non-gambling place. Construction is so widespread that next time I will be calling hotels directly and getting specifics about nearby projects before booking anything near the Strip.	
Feb 6 2007	Loved the unit	Booked a 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit through RCI on an exchange. We were very pleasantly surprised with the overall size of the unit and the decor. Although we did not use it due to the time of year, the hotel had a very nice pool and hot tub. Daily maid service was a plus, something we are not used to in a timeshare. Hotel was just 2 short blocks from the strip and across the street from the Alladdin. Very secure environment, snack machines just off the lobby, 24 hour manned front desk, security guard on duty, high speed internet access in each room, computer in the lobby. We had a very enjoyable time, would definitely recommend the hotel. Also, don't miss Fremont Street (downtown). We waited till our last day to go there and wished we had gone there first - affordable Black Jack and Roulette.	
Feb 5 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location!	This was a great hotel with great location, a couple of blocks from the strip. It's next to the Aladdin.The suite was huge, 4 of us and we were very comfortable. Rooms were clean and very quite, heard no construction noise when we were there.It was great returning to our quiet room at night after all the noise and smoke of the casinos. Will definetly stay there again!	
Dec 14 2006 	Great place just off the Strip!	This hotel is a great place to stay at if you are wanting to escape from the noise of the Strip. The rooms are self-contained, which was great for us as we were sick of fast food. The pool was a bit small, but apart from that, it was great.	
Dec 8 2006 	A great place for longer stays	We stayed at the Carriage House for 7 nights in November 06 as part of a 2 week vacation in Las Vegas. The first week we stayed at a casino/gaming hotel (see my review about the Orleans Hotel &amp; Casino) and upon our return from a trip to the Grand Canyon, we checked into the Carriage House. The staff were very friendly and even remembered that it was our wedding anniversary (I had mentioned it when I did the booking). We had booked a suite, and it was absolutely wonderful. There was a box of chocolates awaiting us on the dining table with a card which we thought was a very nice touch. The sitting-room area was really huge, with a big comfy sofa and large coffee table. There were 2 tv sets in the suite, one in the bedroom and one in the sitting-room area. The bedroom has a king size bed with good quality linen and spare bedding in the large closet. There was also an ironing board, iron and vacuum cleaner! There is a round dining table with 4 chairs, a breakfast bar with 2 stools and a fully equipped kitchen with full size oven, electric hob, dish washer, microwave, fridge and coffee maker. All the cutlery and crockery were spotless, and the frying pans, pots, bowls etc were reasonably new and in very good condition. They supplied us with dishwasher powder and washing-up liquid, tea towels etc. The only fault I could find with the suite is that the bathroom was small compared to other places we had stayed at, and there was no bath but a large walk-in shower instead. We weren't planning on spending more time than we had to in the bathroom anyway, so it wasn't that much of any issue. There is a pool and hot tub situated just across from the lobby and you need to use your room key to access the pool area which means nobody can just wander in from off the street.The pool was heated so we were able to use it even though the pool area was shaded for the large part of the day. There is also a tennis court, and although we did not use it personally, we did see some couples enjoying a couple of sets. The Carriage House is within easy walking distance of the Desert Passage at the Aladdin, where there are loads of shops and places to eat. A few more minutes walk takes you to the Strip and for those wishing to buy show tickets, it is advisable to get to the large Coca-Cola shaped ticketing booth around 10.15am. The shutters open at 11am but you will find that lines start forming very early. There is currently building work going on EVERYWHERE in and around Vegas, I have never seem so much construction work happening at the same time. This also means a lot of dust, heavy traffic and congestion in certain areas. There are also two large construction sites adjacent to the Carriage House and the workers start very early in the morning. If you are a light sleeper you may be disturbed by the noise, so much so that you can ask for a free pair of ear plugs at the reception desk. I did find, however, that after the 3rd night I got accustomed to the noise and it did not bother me that much after then. Otherwise there is really nothing to find fault with in this hotel. There is a laundry room with coin operated washers and dryers, and there is an internet access terminal in the lobby if you do not have your own laptop/notebook to connect in the room. I have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone who does not wish to stay in a busy, smoky, gaming hotel. If you're travelling with kids and want a more relaxing, quiet environment then this is the place for you. I will most definetely stay there again next time we head to Vegas.	
Nov 26 2006 	A nice respite from the hectic strip	There is a lot going on in Vegas so you will find Carriage Housea nice break from the action. The facility is clean. Staff very hospitable. There is a tennis/basketball court, fenced pool and internet access, concierge service, vending machines, parking on site. It is conveniently walkable to Aladdin and the Passage Mall. Plenty of venues for dining, convenience/quick markets within mall and on strip on block to the North. Other hotels are within reach as well. There are no gaming machines but you'll find them all nearby. The rates are very reasonable. You have a refrigerator, microwave and stove top to save you money and convenience to throw something quick together if you don't want to go out to eat.There are a number of construction projects within Las Vegas that may cause some inconvenience not just to this hotel but a number of others in the area. You'll find this property a good value.	
Nov 15 2006	Beware with cancellations	We made and then cancelled the reservation using the hotel's website. Had e-mail confirmation for both. HOWEVER.....they charged us 1 nights stay anyhow.....took three phone calls to get a credit. They just happened to have overlooked the cancellation!	
Oct 28 2006 	Beware--it is a timeshare!!	We stayed at the Carriage House in Las Vegas over the 4th of July weekend. It came highly recommended according to Trip Advisor users, but we were very disappointed. The staff had told us that it was only a block and a half from the strip and I thought that my teens would have an easy time getting back and forth to the strip. But it was a very LONG block and a half with road construction almost the entire way so you had to walk in the street. Every time that you got in the elevator, you had to use your room and make sure buttons were pressed at the right time or you weren't going anywhere. It can be a challenge if you are carrying anything in your hands. I needed ice. They only had ice on the 9th floor for the ENTIRE hotel!! When I went to get the ice, the floor was in total darkness and I was afraid to get it. The staff was fine and the kitchen area was nice enough and clean. The pool was just a regular pool, but you had to cross the parking lot to get to it. I was happy that that they had a hot tub. No one told me that this is a time share property and that explains some of it. But I would NEVER stay here again.	
Oct 4 2006 	Very nice NON-CASINO Hotel	Our first trip to Las Vegas and a friend suggested that we stay at a non-casino hotel since neither of us smoke. After checking out tripadvisor, we decided on the Carriage House. I called the hotel directly and got a reasonable rate. Ive always found that you get the best rate by calling the hotel directly...sometimes more than once, depending on who you talk to on the other end and how agreeable they are.The noise issue we read about didn't really affect us at all... it was hardly noticeable. We were in a King Room on the 8th floor, backside. Quite honestly, the A/C kicking on and off (remedy this by turning the fan to the ON position) botherd us more.The hotel is about 1/2 block off of the Strip on Harmon, very near the Alladin... about 15 minutes to the Airport. Quite a few places to eat nearby in the Alladin Mall, Harley Davidson restaurant on the corner of Harmon and the Strip... good BBQ... and the Tamba Indian restaurant nearby was very good. The 1/2 price ticket booth is just north or Harmon on the same side of the street. Every visitor should stop by to see what show tickets are available for a discount.... sometimes 50% off... sometimes 25% off. It never hurts to check daily. The staff there was very friendly.We walked almost everywhere from the hotel, but did make an exception to some of the attractions that were further away.... Freemont Street. Driving to Hoover Dam took about 40 minutes. I I've posted a &quot;las Vegas&quot; review that talks more about what we did, how we rated attractions, etc.The pool and hot tub are adequate - nothing spectacular. The rooms were clean and spacious for our needs. We spend very little time ina hotel when we travel... rest an hour in the afternoon, then come back to sleep. The one thing we noticed is the small bathroom and the way the doors are situated... difficult to enter then close the door.Access to the lobby is restricted after 10 pm, and also you need a room key to access the upper floors via the elevator ( and the pool area). I think the pool area should be open later than 10 pm. Several times, after a long day out, I'd have liked to get in the spa, but the area was closed.All in all, I enjoyed the Carriage House because I could park and be inside in 1 minute without having to walk miles througha smokey casino. It's close to everything and it's clean with a very friendly staff. Definitely stay there again.	
Oct 3 2006 	Oustanding Staff	I checked into the Carriage House for 4 nights to celebrate a pre birthday in Vegas with a friend. The rate was great and the place is okay - definitely in need of updating which they are doing as we speak. As there is construction on 3 sides of the property we asked for a quiet room. The non-smoking room was ended up with was okay, but had been smoked in - even though they make you sign agreeing to pay a penalty if you do so. I needed to do work and the modem was on the bedstand but quick work by the maintenance staff and the modem was moved across the room. The staff also changed out every piece of linen in the room and put in an air cleaner to rid the room of smoke and odor. They even gave me a box of candy for my birthday! The location is 2 blocks away from the Desert Passage entrance and we never felt scared or nervous about walking. While the hotel needs to spruce itself up - the staff did everything they could to make my stay Fabulous!!	
Sep 7 2006 	Better value than a casino hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights in August and we were very pleased. It is a short walk back from the strip but the benefit of space and a kitchen made up for it. I could not have stayed in a casino hotel, they were too big and I will not queue for breakfast. Our room was one of the newly refit ones and it was very good. Even the towels and bath mat was fluffy and new. Some reviews say the old rooms are a bit tired but this refit will soon be complete so do not let this put you off. I liked the fact you had to use your room key in the lift, no one could just wander in.The only complaint was the cost of a very short call to the UK was $45 (£25) Vodaphone network does not work in Nevada or Arizona so be warned if travelling with this mobile network from the UKIf we return to Vegas we will stay here again	
Sep 7 2006 	A Vegas oasis	When you spend time at other hotels in Vegas (as we did working at a conference), you appreciate The Carriage House more. You don't have to walk 10 to 15 minutes inside the hotel to your destination -- the elevators are just a few steps from the lobby entrance. We were grateful not to have to walk through a smoky casino at the start and end of each day. And being able to make our own breakfast instead of standing in line at a restaurant every morning was a treat.The staff were friendly, helpful, and fast when little things came up. We had a suite for less than the cost of a room on the Strip, and we enjoyed having a fully equipped kitchen and a living room to relax in as well. We recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be close to the Strip but away from it too and who appreciates the conveniences of a kitchen and a normal-size lobby.	
Jul 14 2006	Disappointed	Stayed at Carriage House for 2 nights at the end of our 2 week holiday visiting Mammoth,Lee Vining,Yosemite,Beatty and Death Valley.We were notified previously about construction work around hotel but were told it was from 7.00am.Our first day was Independence Day therefore no work but the second morning work started at 4.00am!! Wasn't worth asking for move as only there for 2 nights but just a warning! Room was fine but bathroom very small by American standards.Pity no where to eat in hotel and pool was small .We had stayed at the Tuscany Suites for 3 nights at the beginning of our trip and that hotel was cheaper and much better,with dining facilities and much nicer pool and surroundings. Wouldn't stay there again altho' I agree friendly staff.	
Jun 2 2006	A great stay	I stayed at The Carriage House for a week at the start of May. As four adults sharing the room I found it spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was lovely and large as was the well equiped kitchen. The staff were friendly and helpfull to us during our stay. Located just off The Strip it was quiet. I would certainly stay here again.	
May 29 2006	A pleasant suprise	Just got home and felt I needed to tell all the readers of this site.Stayed for a week at the above, read all the forums before we left and was looking forward to it, and guess what, it was very good. Arrived early at resort but unlike others we were not checked in until 4pm.Room 405, if you get it, refuse, if you want daylight and a view, tops of palm trees right on glass shame really as room excellent. Asked a move and got one after 3 days, upstairs to 517 a similar room with daylight and views of 15 hotel/casinos.Staff and all facilites were very good I have no complaints at all.Nice pool, free coffe 6 to 10am.Welcome meeting full of good truthful facts and no hard sell of excursions or timeshare.Took the advice of the concierge and ate at MAX's in Desert Passage opposite and boy o boy what a deal Breakfast and lunch $3.99 menu was more than acceptable, use it.Overal a great week, well located 5 min walk to desert passage and the strip. Room serviced every day - other residents all approachable and friendly made lots of new friends and we will be returning this year. Keep it up Carriage House.	
May 12 2006	Perfect for a week stay	Firstly, yes it was disappointing that Joeys was closed. After travelling for a total of 18 hours we were looking forward to it, but never mind.The hotel is perfect for a group of friends who were staying in Las Vegas. we had a one bedroom suite which had a double sofa bed, 2 single sofa beds, and a double bed in the bedroom. the kitchen was very well equipped with fridge/ freezer, ice machine, microwave, coffee maker etc etc. the swimming pool was a nice size and jacuzzi was very inviting. Location was great, 10 minute walk from either the aladdin or the mgm (and monorail station). The building work never affected us as the windows blocked the noise. All in all a great choice for a weeks holiday.	
May 4 2006	Great stay but where did Joey's Bistro Go!	I had read previous reviews of this hotel and decided to stay there due to its location along the strip. I arrived to the hotel early around 10am and the guest services clerks for the hotel where excellent and friendly. They were able to get us a room early and the room was very nice. The room faced the new construction being built but i was not bothered by it as i could barely hear the noise with the windows closed. The pool was also very nice and well kept. I arrived the weekend of the 28th of April. The hotel is a block away from the strip and the walk is a short one to the strip next to the Aladdin Hotel. I would recommend eating at the Harley Davidson resturant if you get the chance as the food was reasonably priced and very good. I was disappointed to see a sign in the hotel that stated Joeys Bistro was closed indefinately. I wished i had known that prior to booking the hotel since there is nowhere to eat in the hotel. I would of liked at least a continental breakfast at the hotel since the Bistro is not open now. I would stay at this hotel again as i enjoyed my stay and would recommend it to others.	
Apr 28 2006	First impressions can be wrong!	Our first impression of the Carriage House was not good. Its at least twenty years since I last drove in Las Vegas and it took over an hour to drive the couple of miles from the Airport- managing to miss the Carriage House by a block on at least three attempts. At the moment the hotel is surrounded by large building sites so the first impression is not good.Happily this impression was wrong,once inside, the building work is not a problem. We had a suite on the top floor that just been renovated - all brand new furniture and fittings. The staff are friendly and very helpful. The Carriage House is very well situated only about 100 metres from the entrance to the Passage Mall under the Alladdin and easy walking to most strip attractions,its also nice to be a little way from the crowds on the strip. If you need a Taxi go into the underground parking area under the Alladdin there is a taxi rank there. Taxis dont seem to like coming to the hotels so its better to go out and find one.We will certainly stay at the Carriage House again when we are in Las Vegas.	
Apr 22 2006	Great location and friendly staff.	Overall we really liked the Carriage House Hotel. It was an oasis from the casinos, only one block from the strip and easy to find, right behind the Aladdin.One issue we had was that I'd spoken to the reservation agent by phone who said that their large suite with the two pull outs would be most suitable for our two children. I said I'd book it online later which I did. However, when we arrived, the room was pretty small especially with the sofa bed pulled out. It was past midnight but I spoke to the person on the front desk who offered me a rollaway. The next day it transpired that the large rooms aren't allocated to those that book online. I shall remember for next time. It was never mentioned by the reservationist.The suite overall was fine and the kitchen area large, clean and well equiped and would have been great if we had been there longer. The bathroom was very small with only a shower, no tub. The goodies included shampoo, lotion and soap though I picked up a shower hat from reception. The pool is across from the car parking though from the photos it looks much closer. There is some construction work going on nearby but we didn't hear it. The restaurant is apparently closed right now though of course there are a million other places to eat. I would definitely stay here again if I could get one of the bigger rooms so we didn't feel so cramped. The staff were all very friendly and helpful.	
Mar 25 2006	Hotel great taxi service very poor	The Carriage house is the perfect hotel in every way IF you have your own transportation or are walking to your destination. If you need a cab this is not the hotel for you. The average wait for a taxi is between 20-45 min. Not cool if you need a ride to the airport to catch your plane. A hotel shuttle service would have been helpfull.	
Mar 22 2006	Family vacation-Non gaming hotel	Staying just off the central strip at The Carriage House was a good family hotel. The suites were large with living room, dining area, and full kitchen. There was a heated pool and jacuzzi. Being a non-gaming hotel the place was lovely and quiet, a good place to rest after a full day of sensory overload. Friendly staff, and a good family restaurant on the top floor of the hotel, Joey's.Rates were very reasonable and location excellent.	
Mar 20 2006	I'll be Back	We spent two nights in a 1 bedroom suite in The Carriage House in early March 2006. The hotel staff was very friendly upon our check-in and when we opened the door to our room we knew we hit the jackpot (we weren't in Las Vegas to gamble). We found the place to be extremely clean. It had plenty of room space especially when you consider it had a queen size pull out sofa and 2 twin size pullout oversize chairs, as well as a full compliment of linen. The kitchen had a full size refer with ice maker, stove, dishwasher and microwave. It was well stocked with glassware, pots, pans, etc. The kitchen table and 4 chairs were clean and sturdy. The bathroom was large, handicapped ready. It even had an in-room safe. All this and only 1 block from The Strip. We never moved our car the entire time we stayed at The Carriage House.However, there is some concern over the construction noise going on across the street (in that whole area). It did wake me in the early hours of the morning, however, it didn't seem to bother my wife or two sons. Regardless, our next visit to sin city will be The Carriage House.	
Feb 13 2006	Lived up to the good reviews	It was a busy weekend that we stayed here so a lot of the casinos were sold out. I stayed with a single friend of mine for a weekend getaway from the kids and significant other so we wanted to be close to the strip and able to go out easily without hassling with shuttles. The location was great, right behind the Aladdin Desert Passage mall, within easy walking distance to Las Vegas Blvd (the strip). The room was large and comfortable and very clean, well stocked with towels of all sizes and shampoo/lotion etc. The pillows were great, very fluffy for hotel pillows and the beds were firm but comfortable. There was lots of closet space, an iron w/ ironing board and enough hangers for both of us and our multitude of outfits for going out. The shower was GREAT! Hot water and lots of water pressure, better than my shower at home. They even had a real bathmat in the bathroom, not just the towel ones. The kitchenette was nice for eating leftovers for breakfast (PF Changs in the Aladdin has take-out which is great for next day or late night munching). Overall I was very pleased and will most likely be staying there again when I go back to Vegas with my husband. I would highly suggest this place for families with kids. On another not so busy weekend I would probably have stayed in a casino resort simply because we were two gals wanting to go out and party, but for a longer stay or with family I'd recommend the Carriage House.	
Feb 12 2006	Perfect for our family!	We stayed at the Carriage House for 5 nights on our first trip to Las Vegas---2 adults &amp; our 3 kids, &amp; another along the way!I can't think of anything negative to say about our experience at all!The good:-took no time at all to get from our car to our room since there's no casino in the place, which is important since all the kids would be passed out by the time we got back to the hotel-our suite was very roomy, almost 700 sq. feet so we weren't getting in each other's face, even more importantly!-we saved $$ by taking advantage of the full sized, well equipped kitchen &amp; had our breakfast every morning in our room-staff were very helpful, polite &amp; friendly-dinner at Joey's upstairs was reasonably priced &amp; tasted pretty good! It was &quot;create your own pasta&quot; night when we went for $7.99! Plus a 15% hotel guest discount coupon-hotel was very quiet &amp; peaceful, compared to the strip hotels-washing machines/dryer came in handy for us since our little one was sick a few times during the trip-tho we had a rental car, the Strip is very close, minutes away.....(at an adult's pace that is!)Overall, if you are a family with small children, this is a wonderful place to stay, especially if you rent a car as we did &amp; enjoyed the valet parking everywhere we went!	
Feb 9 2006	Excellent. Perfect location. Top staff.	Marvellous location. Excellent, friendly, helpful staff. Rooms are great with a well equipped kitchenette. Free internet connection for your laptop. Large carpark. Easy walking to the strip.We stayed for two weeks and will be going back. You should definitely consider this place if you don't want to walk through a noisy casino every time you go out or come back.The alladdin desert shops are just across the road with tons of eating places, great shops and an indoor thunder storm!! Try the Todai buffet. Grab a Las vegas guide magazine before you do anything and collect all the coupons; you'll save a lot on eating and shows.	
Jan 21 2006	Disappointed	I chose the Carriage House after reading the great reviews on TripAdviser and was a little disappointed. There's no question that if you're staying for more than three nights, it's a good bargain - especially having the kitchenette to help keep costs low. If you've got kids and want away form the casinos it would also be a good choice.But overall the place seemed in need of a refurb. Two little things that were annoying and made our stay less comfortable were the hot/cold control in the shower and the a/c in the room. In the shower it had a weird hot/cold know that showed you temps - which would be great except everything 80 and over felt the same - and it all felt like 110! Why have the temps if they don't match the water? And the a/c unit didn't have a low setting - the air came out from a vent on the ceiling, and when it came on I could feel a wind across the room laying in bed. Don't know if I'd stay here again.	
Jan 3 2006	Viva Las Vegas!	After SFO our next stop was Las Vegas to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversay. A 2nd honeymoon without the 3 kids! The Carriage House was great. 5 minute walk to the strip or easy access through the Desert Passage of the Aladdin Casino. The apartment was fantastic. King bed, roomy lounge room, big kitchen, very workable and dining room. The only blight was the small bathroom. Very difficult to manouvre in!Staff was friendly and extremely helpful, assisted us in renting a car through Budget to enable us to drive out to the Grand Canyon. Vegas was amazing! The lights, the casinos, the restaurants, the people, smiling faces and the shopping was sensational. Would recommend the chicken pizza from Joey's Restaurant, we had room service one night after a hectic day of walking along the Strip.Vegas was everything we had dreamed of........	
Dec 28 2005	Perfect for toddlers pregnant mums and in-laws!!	Absolutely loved the one-bedroom suite, plenty of room for my husband and I, our 2-year-old AND my parents!! We stayed for 5 nights and found the location absolutely perfect for what we wanted in Vegas which was a shopping and sight-seeing, non-gaming holiday. Not only did we have the 2-year-old but I was also 3 months pregnant (and feeling sick) and still there are NO COMPLAINTS about the distance from the hotel to the strip - we walked everywhere in Vegas! Compliments to Joey's Bistro upstairs for the lovely &quot;traditional&quot; Thanksgiving dinner - the service staff were fabulous with our daughter! Just a tip: Use The Deuce bus service to get around places that are too far to walk. And, take a visit to the Las Vegas Outlet Centre if you want some good bargain shopping! Thanks again Carriage House - if we ever come back (WITHOUT THE KIDS) we will stay again!	
Dec 13 2005	great hotel friendly staff	My wife and I stayed for 7 nights at the end of November this year and found the hotel excellent in both the quality of the accomodation, location and customer service. The staff were very helpfull and excelled at any question or problem we posed. Situated a genuine 5 mins from the strip and although there was plenty of building work going on all over Vegas we were not unduly disturbed. If you get the chance to visit you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 29 2005	Fabulous!	This is a vacation rental/timeshare located just off the strip between MGM and Aladdin. the one bedroom units are very nice about 650 sq feet. Full kitchen (fridge, stove, micro, dishwasher), big living room and bedroom. Furniture is very nice. Layout is good with breakfast bar, dining for four, couch, armchair, tv, two phones. Wish they had bath tubs but whatever. High speed internet is part of the package. No timeshare sales crap whatsoever. Laundry on each floor. Good service.	
Nov 27 2005	Bargain Hotel near the Strip	My family stayed here for two days around Thanksgiving and enjoyed it very much--good location an easy walk from MGM Grand, Aladdin, and other attractions toward the southern end of the Strip--a hike to the far end, including Treaure Island (where we saw a show). Staff very nice, beds comfortable.They gave housekeepers Thanksgiving off--a fine thing to do--we didn't mind an unmade bed for a good cause.Good place for a family.	
Nov 18 2005	Overall a good hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Carriage House for our honeymoon from October 15 to October 22. Our first impression was that the studio room was beautiful. The king sized bed was comfortable and the decor was excellent. No flower drapes or bedspreads in sight. The kitchen was well-equipt.The strip was definately in walking distance, 5-10 minute walk, but found that there was much more action at the other side of the strip, so we tended to park our rented vehicle at a hotel and then tour the closest ones each day (parking is free at all hotels).Problem with the hotel? There were a few. First, housekeeping is definately lacking. Hairs were left in tub and on sink numerous days. Carpet needed a good shampoo, and I don't believe it was vacuumed more than twice for the week we were there. I spilt some pop on the sheets day 3 and they weren't changed until day 5. Second, though most of the staff where very nice, one night we decided that we would like to rent a movie so we called the front desk. The lady told us that we decided to not have access to movies when we checked in. When we told her no one meantioned movies to us, she basically said that we were lying because it was right in her computer. (why would we do this?). Anyways, we thought it would be pretty easy to flick a switch, but I guess not, since she rudely told us to turn the tv off and wait a few minutes. We did this, the movie didn't come up, and we gave up, rather than call her back and deal with her. Thirdly, the pool really lacked cleanliness, used towels were constantly piled to the brim of the bin, ash trays not emptied, etc.Construction seemed to be a problem for some guests but not us, since we were on the other side of the building.The nicest thing about this hotel was the lack of casino and the fact that you didn't have to walk miles to your room. It was very quiet and we did not hear any noices, people, etc. in the hallways late at night or anything like that.Overall, a good hotel if your looking for a cheaper stay in Vegas, but don't expect anything glamerous.	
Nov 15 2005	Fantastic!!	Stayed at this fantastic hotel with my husband in november 2005 for 5 nights. Had a one bedroom suit which was brilliant, very spacious complete with TV in lounge and bedroom, 6 seater dining table, fully functioning kitchen (fridge freezer, dishwasher, cooker, toaster, coffee maker, kettle). The rooms were very clean and well furnished as was the hotel in general.The staff were very friendly and helpful and check in took minutes as we were the only guests checking in at the time. This was great as during our stay we witnessed check in queues at other hotels which were miles long!The hotel is minutes from the strip and a great location. The construction work around the hotel is still ongoing but we were on the other side of the hotel so we never heard a thing. It is worth requesting a quiet room when booking. There is construction work going on all over Vegas so hard to avoid really.The hotel had no casino which suited us. Walk into the lobby and straight into the lift, no having to walk miles through a casino to the room.I have stayed in strip hotels previously and can honestly say &quot;never again&quot;. The carriage house offers a fantastic little hotel in a great location for less than the strip hotels, most of which are no were near the standard of the carriage house!Lastly i couldn't leave without a mention for Joey's bistro in the hotel. It tends to close around 9 if not busy and most diners seem to go for dinner then head out so its busy earlier on and well worth booking a table at. Superb! We dined there twice in our 5 night stay. On one visit we met a couple who live in vegas who were regulars and knew the waitresses by name. So if the locals dine there its good enough for me. The whole experience at the carriage house was faultless and i would recommend to anyone.	
Nov 14 2005	A very good place to stay in Vegas	My wife and I spent a week at the Carriage House and were very pleased. We had previously stayed there about 9 years ago.We had a one bedroom suite overlooking the strip. The living room and kitchen were spacious and the bedroom space was ample. Both the bedroom and living room were equiped with a TV and there was a single DVD player. The unit that we stayed in had high speed internet access. The maid service was great and they worked around our constantly varying schedule.The location is great and it is only a five minute walk to the nearest casino. The only negative thing was that the carpet sould use a shampoo.The price was excellent!!!	
Nov 10 2005	A liittle Oasis - and great for kids!	My wife and our two children stayed in one of the bedroom family suites at the Carriage House for six nights in October 2005. There was easily enough room for the four of us and the facilities were excellent; microwave, cooker, fridge, coffee maker, dishwasher (very important!) etc. with dishwasher liquid and coffee re-filled each day. Both the bedroom and the living room (where the kids slept on a large sofa bed) had TV’s, meaning we didn’t have to watch Sponge Bob all the time.We were on the second floor directly facing the construction site at the rear. Ear plugs made a big difference, but it was still possible to hear the beeping of the forklift trucks early in the morning – I couldn’t hear anything else though, not even the kids! However, it must be said the construction of the extension to the MGM is very much ongoing. One building was nearing completion, whilst another was only just beginning, with the piled foundations about half complete (poured concrete, so no pile-drivers) but probably another 9-12 months to go until full completion (my wife gave me a hard time for taking an interest, being a civil engineer!!).The staff are very professional and friendly and were always on hand to help. There was never more than one or two people being served at reception at any time, but always two staff on duty, meaning you never had to wait long to be seen. We arrived at 5.30pm on a Saturday and check-in took less than 10mins. We needed a car for a couple of days, so the staff arranged one through Budget (they actually pick you up at the hotel and take you to their depot 10mins away) which was $20 dollars cheaper than the same quoted by the Budget counter around the corner on the Strip and we also saved on the higher airport tax! Being a family with kids (11 and 8) meant we couldn’t enjoy all the slot machines and gambling (one of the reasons for choosing the Carriage House, since we didn’t want to walk though acres of machines to get to our room). What we liked as a family was the Desert Passage at the Aladdin, with its shops and family friendly restaurants, which really is, less than five minutes walk away.The kids liked the swimming pool which was never too busy. The pool is across the hotel access road (very quiet) in front of reception, but you need your room key to get in, so is quite safe. Also, next to the pool is the tennis court, which the kids really loved (they have smaller racquets if required) Since it's elevated, they managed to lose all their tennis balls, but the staff didn’t seem to mind – they probably enjoy going into the swimming pool to retrieve them!Other things we liked about the Carriage House; laundry on every floor with washing machines and driers (essential for families or those with few clothes); internet access ($5 for 20mins or $10 for 50min) – We used it every day with 10mins being the longest wait; Joeys Bar – it was busy with a wedding taking place when we visited, but afterwards was quiet enough for everyone to get a window seat for the great view. Kids meals were good value at $3.99 and we enjoyed ours, especially with a bottle of house wine (a good accompaniment to the ear plugs!!).All in all, a little oasis amongst the madness.	
Nov 1 2005	Carriage House was great	The carriage house was more than we expected. We stayed from October 22 until October 29. We had a two bedroom suite on the 4th floor facing the strip and away from the construction. We never heard any noise from the construction area. The suite was large enough that we didn't feel like we were running into each other. We could have put many more people than the advertised 8. It was very large.You never knew that there were people in the room next door. We did go up to Joey's one evening about 9:00, but was told that they were closed. In the elevator and the room it says that they are open until 10:00. That was the only disappointment we encountered.The people that were working the front desk were very helpful and friendly.I would definitly stay there again.	
Oct 17 2005	Couldn't ask for better	The Carriage House was perfect, from the cleaniness of the room, to the help from the staff. The rooms are spacious. I liked being a little ways off of the strip, it provided privacy. The heated swimming pool and the hot tub was wonderful. They provided a grocery store run and a full size, equipped kitchen. They provided coffee and danish every morning. I wish they had more hotels in different locations, I would definitely stay...........Had a blast both in Las Vegas and in the Carriage House.Thank you	
Oct 12 2005	Great Suite	The suites are fabulous. You can buy a few groceries and not have to go out for every meal. Located close to Aladin and MGM and are easy walks. If you rent a car there are several covered spaces and no charge to park. Don't forget the restaurant which has great specials each night and is much easier to get into than the casino restaurants. we will go back again when we plan to spend more than a couple of nights.	
Oct 10 2005	Great Hotel Noisy construction	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for a week from Oct 1-8th. We had a spacious and clean one bedroom suite w/ a kitchenette. The staff was very helpful and kind in taking care of us and answering our questions. The only downside to this hotel was the construction on both sides of the building. We were on the third story on the east side of the building. There is condo/high rise going up across the street from us and it was very noisy. Truck would arrive in the middle of the night and you would hear the forklifts beeping as they unloaded the supplies from the truck. Also, the Pile Drivers at 6:00am were a nice wakeup call. The hotel did offer earplugs and noise machines to help drown out the construction noise. We did know about the construction prior to going down there, so it wasn't a surprise, but it was just louder than we expected. Ask for a room on the inside of the hallway and it will be a lot quieter. Also, the monorail is only a five minute walk down to the MGM Grand. All in all, great hotel, just on the noisy side. Don't expect a lot of sleep. Then again, it is Vegas.	
Oct 9 2005	Loved the Carriage House	We have stayed at several casinos in Vegas and found that the prices keep escalating and the Carriage House is a secret treasure. Quiet, comfortable, new and clean. When we were there last there was construction going on next door but everywhere you look in vegas there is construction. We just loved this place and are returning this week. I would advise getting reservations early though since it is a smaller place. You just can't go wrong. No smoke!!!	
Oct 5 2005	The Carriage House is simply the best!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Carriage House on a time share exchange from 10 September to 24 September. This is the second time that we have stayed there, the last was 4 years ago, and we were delighted to be returning to the Hotel.After reading the helpful reviews on this web site regarding the construction on either side of the Carriage House, we contacted the resort prior to our arrival and requested a room on the quieter side of the building, and we were allocated a lovely one bedroom apartment on the 8th floor overlooking the pool. We could see New New York Hotel, the Aladdin and part of Paris from our window. Our apartment was spacious with ample room for just the two of us, (there would have been plenty of space and privacy for two other adults as well!) and we loved the huge walk in shower!!! We agree that the noise from the construction would have been heard at certain times of the day when the building was going up, but the building to the front of the hotel is near completion.Our check in was easy, the staff knew us by name when we checked in, and just compare that to the horrendous check in queues that we saw at Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio!There were also lots of touches that we do not always find in time share apartments, such as ample dishwasher detergent and liquid, coffee left each day and even sachets of salt and pepper!!The in room safe was also very handy.The staff at reception were extremely helpful, nothing was too much trouble, and we could always find a sunlounger by the pool.The walk to the side entrance of the Dessert Passage in the Aladdin Hotel is only a 5 minute walkfrom the Hotel, and we enjoyed the shops and restaurants, especially the opening offer at Max's Grille, $3.99 for lunch specials and $6.99 for dinner specials!!We would recommend the Carriage House to anyone.	
Sep 21 2005	just loved everything about the carriage house	We stayed @ the carriage house las vegas for 5 nights,this was the 1st stop of our 8 week around the world trip. The stay was wonderful. The last time we visited vegas we stopped @ circus circus as we had our grandaughter with us on that trip so apt for children but not for us. The carriage house is a non-gambling hotel and we liked this as you can really relax after a hard day walking around and enjoying all the delights of las vegas. Can't wait to return @ the end of the year and bringing my mother from Scotland and she'll love this place. SEE YOU SOON. Regards Liz	
Sep 20 2005	Brits. view of the Carriage House	Situated just 5 minutes walk from Las Vegas Boulevard this place is almost perfect.Our daughter arrived before us (travelling from Oz.)and was made very welcome. Checking in was swift after the long flight, and the room was well fitted and very clean. Although a little smaller than expected it served us well for the 10 days in Vegas.The kitchenette was ideal for light breakfast (couldn't face Denny's every morning) and snacks in the afternoon. The only annoyance was the early morning ( 3.30 a.m. onwards) noise from the building site next door at the MGM Grand.Staff were very helpful for shopping info., car hire and even supplying the right adaptor for mobile 'phone recharge. Didn't use Joey's Restaurant as smart dress was required and we were in shorts etc. Security good and free early (6 am. to 10 a.m.) coffee in the lounge was most welcome to combat jet lag. I wouldn't hesitate in returning, but for us Vegas is a 'Once in a lifetime' as other places beckon.	
Sep 16 2005	Lovely peaceful place	Stayed here only for two nights and was solely in LV just to see the place and say I've been there. So I wasn't at all interested in the gambling. The hotel was perfect in that respect. You can walk to the Strip within minutes and leave the hussle and bussle of it again in no time at all and return to the tranquility of the hotel. Nice enough pool and whirlpool too.	
Aug 30 2005	forget the rest	My wife and I stayed at the Carriage Hse 6th - 13th August. Forget all the bad stuff you have read earlier, believe us. The place is excellant, staff friendly and helpfull and much better than one of the sprawling jungles with several thousand rooms. We had a great suite (top floor looking towards the mountains-although some of this view will disappear over the next year or so with the building of some taller buidings that are in the process of being built). It was very comfortable, in good decrative order and very well equiped. The building on the otherside of the property is nearly completed externally &amp; they are landscaping the path next to it that you use on your way up to the strip which is no more than 5 minutes walk away at a gentle pace. Yes the builders do start early (4-5 am) but we were not affected by any noise.The pool is a mere 5 yards away from the front entrance and yes you have to cross the roadway to the front entrance but hey its not Monaco or some other grand prix circuit.The pool area was more than adequate and always had plenty of room, loungers and chairs and a very hot hot tub. We were not energetic enough to use the tennis court.Joeys was very pleasant and tried differant theme nights but was essentially a pizza restraunt. We enjoyed our only meal there.It proved a great base for us to explore Las Vegas and its surroundings and I would have no hesitation in recomending it to anyone who asked.The Carriage Hse arranged free trips to the supermarket twice a week, giving you a discount card as well. They also had a concierage service to help you with any arrangements for what ever you wanted.Although we didn't hire a car the car park always had spaces available.	
Aug 29 2005	Close enough to the strip yet far enough away	Stayed in this hotel 1st week of August 2005. Situated not on the strip but only minutes walk to the Aladdin Passageway, which has shops and restaurants, and takes you through to The Aladdin Hotel and Casino.There is a lot of construction being carried out around the surrounding area but we were only woken up once in the night/early morning.Went to the restaurant on the top floor with some sights of the hotels on the strip, food was lovely with friendly staff.The hotel staff assisted us with all our queries including finding us the telephone number to book a trip to Alcatraz when we moved on to San Francisco.Rooms were quite big, and very comfortable, would have liked 2 bathrooms as there was 4 of us but we managed.Our only complaint was the air condititioning, it worked fine on the 1st day but then decided to pack up, when we complained to the reception they said it had frozen and to leave it off for a couple of hours. When we switched it back on it still didn't work so we informed reception again, and within minutes they sent a maintenance person to our room. He worked on the air conditioning for at least half an hour and replaced a part. It did work after this but not as good as other air conditioning we have experienced, with temperatures above 100 degrees it was uncomfortable to say the least.All in all I would recommend The Carriage Hotel and will definetly stay there again.	
Aug 5 2005	Not on the Strip but close enough to walk	This hotel was generally nice, but there were a few problems. There was a tobacco odor in the hallway and in our room, which was non-smoking. However, it's probably hard not to have a smell of tobacco anywhere in Las Vegas. Also, we were woken up by some machinery making loud sounds at 3:45 A.M. There's a huge hotel tower being built next door, and the staff of the Carriage House told us that the construction often happens at night. Despite these problems, the room was comfortable, and the Strip is within easy walking distance. Other advantages were the safe provided in the room and the two elevators, which seemed unnecessary for a hotel of its size.	
Aug 3 2005	You don't have to be the biggest to be the best	We stayed at The Carriage House as part of a Timeshare exchange. There were 7 of us including 3 children so we took a 2 bedroomed apartment.The apartment was very spacious, well decorated, well set out and with everything we could have wanted. The kids could play or watch TV in their own bedroom so never got under our feet.It was cleaned every day and the cleaners were very friendly and efficient, always ready for a chat and made our stay very easy indeed.Booking in was simple and quick, no queues and the reception staff were always excellent.Joey's restaurant on the top floor offered good food at a good price whether you ate in or took a take out.The hotel does not have any gaming facilities which was fine by us with having 3 children, besides the strip is only 200 yards away.There is building work going on outside as the MGM which is next to The Carriage House is extending even further, this work starts early and finishes late so outside it can get dusty and the road is busy with site traffic. However the noise created was minimal and not enough to spoil our stay.There is re-furbishment of a few rooms going on inside the Carriage House as well but again it did not affect any part of our stay.There is a pool outside the main entrance which is small but large enough to sunbathe and swim and play in.All in all, we enjoyed The Carriage House, the staff make the hotel and we would recommend it to any family which includes young children or teenages who are looking to stay somehere away from the hustle and bustle of the main areas of Ls Vegas.	
Jul 21 2005	Fine hotel for the price	I stayed in the Carriage House for three nights last April, and overall I was satisfied. The room was spacious and in good shape and the staff quite friendly. The strip, which is where a lot of casinos are located, is a ten-minute walk away.The hotel has few amenities: there is a restaurant on the top floor (beware of being assigned a room right underneath -- it can be very loud), a very small pool out by the parking lot, and a little lounge off the lobby. There was no Internet connection in the rooms when I visited (I was told that it would be installed), and two *huge* buildings were being constructed on two sides of the hotel (I did not find the noise bothersome). I would ask about the construction when making reservations.	
Jul 6 2005	Large rooms kitchen and room layout nice good price...	Stayed here for our honeymoon. The rooms are large, we saved alot having our own kitchen and having lunch and dinner inside. Location is great, close to Paris, MGM, and many other hotels on the strip. With the money saved in this hotel, use the extra money for a day pass on the bus, you can get more of your vacation if you can do that. The pool was great. There is also a shuttle service, but is around for a few trips a day. The activities are great as well and the hotel staff are very helpful. I would come back to this hotel for sure.	
Jun 29 2005	Great value and well located	This is a non-gambling hotel which we specifically wanted. My girlfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights in the first week of March 05. We paid US$89/night except for Saturday night which was US$109.The hotel was clean, modern with friendly staff. Our room was big (compared to UK hotel rooms) and more than enough for the two of us. As the hotel is self-catering only, a cooker, fridge/freezer, cutlery, etc. were provided free of charge. The room was well cleaned every day. A bus is put on each a couple of times a week to drive guests to the local Vons supermarket (10 or so minute drive each way). The clean, warm pool is situated opposite the hotel (as shown on their web site) and is accessed though key card. The hotel is within 10 minute walk of The Strip (no more than 15 minutes for slow walkers).There was a laundry room on our floor (and I guess all floors) with a large washing machine and a separate dryer machine which were both cheap to use. From memory, about US$2 each.The weather was hot during our stay and so we had our window open. Due to the building work going on nearby, we heard building site machinery start up around 7am. This wasn't a big issue though so don't let it put you off.Also, there's an Internet terminal in the foyer which is expensive compared to UK prices and doesn't have the quickest connection speed!Overall, a great hotel with good value for money and one which we would definitely return too.Point of interest:When you arrive at the airport there are various mini-vans positioned outside the airport which drop customers off at designated hotels around/on The Strip. We paid our driver up front - he then disappered for 40 minutes before returning and dropping us and the other passengers at our respective hotels - very frustrating. It is far quicker - and cheaper by a few $ - to hire a taxi. The journey takes no more than 15 minutes as the Carriage House is approx. 3 miles from the airport.	
Jun 28 2005	Good Hotel But Wait A While	The Hotel itself was very nice. The staff was friendly and helpful and Joey's restaurant on the 9th floor has the best prime rib we've ever tasted. The downside is the construction surrounding the place. We stayed on the second floor to the back of the hotel and were awakened each morning at 4:30 a.m. by the beeping sound of forklifts (or whatever they were). Walking to the strip is not easy as you have to manuever around barrades especially to the left side of the street as you're walking to the strip. The Aladdin and MGM are the closest, yet they are deceptionally far. As I mentioned this is a nice place but I'd wait a while before staying here, at least until the construction is done.	
Jun 12 2005	Wonderful place to stay	We stayed at the Carriage House the first part of May. We were going to initially stay at the Flamingo but we found the Carriage house on Sky Auction for a very reasonable price. We read the reviews here on Trip Advisor and decided that we liked the idea of a non-gaming hotel. The hotel was very clean. The room was comfortable and very nicely furnished and felt more like an apartment than a hotel room. My husband even made the remark that he could live there! Loved the huge two person shower. That was a nice surprise. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful with questions we had and were quick to call a cab if we needed. The construction going on at the hotel never seemed to bother us even though we were on the front of the building and could see it from our window.The hotel was a short walk away from the strip and there was a Walgreens and 7-eleven close by which we utilized alot for snacks, cheap Las Vegas mementos and even had our photos developed before going home.We took a flight over the Grand Canyon while there that I would highly recommend for anyone planning on seeing the Grand Canyon. The views were incredible. We booked the flight on Looktours with Vision Air who were very professional. Pickup for the tour was in front of the Carriage House. You can even get your photo taken with the pilot before the flight for a nice keepsake to take home with you.We would definitely stay at the Carriage House again.	
May 27 2005 	Good Value	My husband and I attended a conference at the MGM and decided to stay at the Carriage House from TripAdvisor reviews and its location. Our colleagues who stayed at the MGM paid double, and from what I heard, we had better accommodations and service. The Carriage House is conveniently located to the strip and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was large and very clean. I would recommend and stay at the Carriage House again. The only criticism I have is it can sometimes be difficult to get a taxi. If you don't mind walking over to the Aladdin (it is a short walk), it isn't a problem. On our departure we were lucky as a taxi just pulled up to drop someone off. Give yourself plenty of time at the Las Vegas airport. The lines are long, but they do move.	
May 21 2005	Great family escape but blighted by nearby construction work	A reasonably priced non-gaming hotel with kitchens, a block and a half off Strip. The Carriage House has helpful, friendly staff and a quality Italian restaurant (Joeys), at roof level with great views over the Strip.Sadly the hotel is currently blighted by some major adjacent construction. Pile drivers gave us all a rude awakening at 6am on our first morning there. However, staff responded positively to our request to change to a room on the other side of the hotel, and gave us a good choice of alternatives.Our second room overlooked the pool, and was much larger and more suitable for the 4 adults in our party. Construction on this side of the building was also much quieter. The kitchen was very well equipped, making this hotel a great choice for families, and there are useful laundry rooms too.Small hotels in Vegas mean you escape the check in/taxi queues encountered in large resort hotels, but bear in mind that pools and other facilities are naturally more basic as a result.We'd use The Carriage House again - but only when all the neighbouring construction work is finished.	
May 18 2005	Great for families cheap friendly and close to Strip !	We stayed at the Carriage house because we were looking for a recommended hotel for a family with children which was clean, convenient and not too expensive. It is also a block away from the Strip.This is a perfect place for a family. It is friendly with great cooking, cleaning facilities and no casino but a walk away from all the great hotels. It also has a pool with a spa ! The staff here are responsive and personable.Although they do not do breakfasts, you are walking distance from the award-winning Aladdin buffet. Aladdin is one of the more pleasant hotels generally with a great mall. If you want to have breakfast in the room you can shop at the 7-eleven - again just a walk away and good prices.The restaurant on the top floor was excellent with a nice view. Not cheap though, but you get what you pay for !If you can, ask for a room not overlooking the building site, particularly if you are a light sleeper. This did not bother us, however.	
May 18 2005	Would DEFINETLY go back!	We were driving to Vegas for my brother's wedding and could not find a hotel for the night that was under $300. I stumbled accross the Carriage House online, called them up, and they had a place for us that night, at an exceptional price. The room was beautiful, at any other big hotel that room could have easily gone for $300+ per night. I plan on staying there again when I go back.	
May 8 2005	Excellent accommodation Convenient location	We stayed here because this place had excellent TripAdvisor reviews and most of the other comparable places did not. We were very satisfied. There are many rooms in the building, which is good because we needed 3 attempts before we were settled. On entering the first room we verified that you cannot convert a smoking room to non-smoking simply by placing a sign in it. To be certain, make sure the room is on a non-smoking floor! The ladies at the front desk were amicable and immediately offered us alternatives. Our suite was spacious, luxurious, clean and well equipped. We had a very comfortable stay indeed.The strip is within easy walking distance, preferably by crossing the road and traversing the Aladdin hotel complex, which we found to be the most pleasant and relaxing of all the strip hotels. The buffet dinner at the Aladdin seemed very popular and we enjoyed it too. If you want to be very close to the strip, in a nice quiet, non-gambling establishment, this is the place to stay. We would definitely recommend it.	
May 7 2005 	xlnt; watch out for construction	stayed 2 nites this week. wanted to be near conference at mandalay, but with a kitchen and less noise. 1 bdr suite: large well equipped (better than most) kitchen. good bed (smallish bedroom); nice livingroom. no tub but 2-person shower. good controllable a/c. very helpful staff. all around good. only complaints were major construction going on on two adjoining sites. hours of construction are 6am-10pm! this problem caused us to rate it lower than otherwise. also, through supposedly only 1/2 block from strip, i would say this is the longest 1/2 block in the world, and i probably would not feel safe doing it alone at night.	
Apr 10 2005 	Carriage House....Great non-Gaming Hotel in Vegas	My wife and I just returned from a 4-night stay at the Carriage House April 5-9. We loved staying at a hotel without gambling. There isn't even a slot machine. I think the Carrage House is the best place I've stayed in Las Vegas and I've stayed at probably a dozen other hotels.Things we loved about the hotel:o Quiet (except for the construction sites)o Large rooms (we paid extra for a suite $92/nt w/tax)o Kitchen was great (makes breakfast and snacks convenient)o Location is great (walking distance to everything.o Great staff (alway's friendly)o Large 2-person shower with lots of hot water!Things we didn't like:o HVAC (the airconditioner was marginal....said it was being worked on)o Construction noise (it really was tolerable, just a little bothersome in the AM)We stayed in a suite on the side away from the strip....room 706. It was a nice room with a large kitchen, large sitting area and a separate bedroom. Overall it was pretty similar to a Embassy Suites room, but with a more extensive kitchen. It was so nice having all the rooms.I would probably stay on the other side next time as the sun comes up pretty early and shines directly on that side of the hotel. I believe you could sleep later on the other side. There was also construction going on (really on both sides of the hotel). It was mostly pretty tolerable, but you could hear the backup alarms on the trucks beginning at dawn. Overall I think its a great place to stay and its much cheaper than the other hotels	
Apr 10 2005	Quieter setting superb service	Just back from a great week at The Carriage House, a smaller more personal setting than the mega hotels that dwarf this site.Being a block and a bit east off the south Strip was a quieter bonus. No onsite casino or slots was a definite plus attracting a more 'reserved' clientele, although an easy stroll will get you into any game (or trouble) you wish.The staff were all terrific with special kudos for Heather and Penny from Guest Services. They couldn't do enough to ensure that our stay was enjoyable. &quot;Joeys&quot; on the top 9th floor is the only onsite restaurant with excellent cuisine. Stock your suite larder early lest you luck-out gaming.Although the city is constantly re-inventing itself (read under construction) we experienced minimal noise. Strict dust control by-laws were appreciated due to the strong winds during our stay. The small pool was unused thanks to cool temps .. and we're from Canada !We rented a car for the week to make our own day trips to several major attractions such as the Hoover Dam and Red Rock Canyon. Don't miss the &quot;Valley of Fire&quot;. The word awesome should be reserved for this other-worldly natural desert wonder.Caveats:- In town drivers tend to be aggressive so beware.- Ignore the plethora of card snapping 'escort' vendors and timeshare gofers encountered anywhere on the Strip.- If you're not fussy, don't pay retail. Lots of free pull 2 for 1s and tickets for tonight deals on food, drink and shows.- A scenic 40 minute drive south on I-15 is Primm, NV with 3 monorail connected casinos and an outlet mall. The actual car in which Bonnie and Clyde met their fate is part of a fascinating display.We'll be back.	
Apr 3 2005 	Perfect place to relax in Vegas	Spent six days and annoyed that we didn't find this property before and will definetely use the Carriage House again. Whether you want to relax away from the street or take the short walk to the Dessert Passage entrance to the Aladin there is no better value in Las Vegas. Our king size bedroom suite was fully equiped with full kitchen separate from the living accomodation. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The building on the &quot;Strip&quot; side of the complex is nearing completion but a new building site on the Monorail side is just starting. We stayed on this side and would say that the morning sun shine caused us to wake early more than any noise from the construction.	
Apr 1 2005	Excellent	Stayed at the Carriage House in March 2005. Booked after reading good reviews on Trip Advisor directly with the hotel. Hotel is located a short walk from the Strip. There is building work going in front of the hotel but we didn't experience any inconvienence from this. Booked a standard room but was upgraded to a suite on arrival. Room was excellent, spacious and clean with full kitchen facilities with a view of the Strip. Hotel has a bar/restaurant on the top floor which is an extremely pleasant setting for a meal/drink in the evening. There is a small pool and an amazing hot tub - perfect way to relax after a hectic day. All in all an excellent stay. I would definitely stay here again, brilliant value for money.	
Mar 31 2005	Comfortable Stay	My family stayed at this hotel from March 21-March 25. We had a one bedroom suite which I found to be quite spacious. However, the sofa was very uncomfortable and needs to be replaced. Otherwise the decor and furniture are on the Holiday Inn level. The Carriage House stands apart from other comparable places because the hotel staff are very friendly and personable. All were very helpful and informative about the area and places to go. The Carriage House is in a convenient location. One can easily walk from the hotel to the Alladin but it may be a little uncomfortable if you are alone and it is late at night.	
Mar 30 2005	Conveniently located just off the strip	Good location, just a hair off the strip so it was very conveniently located in the middle of the stip. It was our frist trip to Vegas to attend a wedding and we used our timeshare to trade for two suites. One caution however, we took a taxi to get groceries and we're stranded for 4 hours because no taxi's would pick us up at Albertson's. we called the Carriage House for a ride in their shuttle and said they wouldn't pick us up because it was strictly for the airport. I thought this was poor service considering 8 of us were staying there for a week. Other than that it was a good stay.	
Mar 17 2005	A winner!!!	A suite hotel thru our timeshare exchange. It is also used as a &quot;suite hotel.&quot; What a great place. Excellent restaurant on property. About a block and a half from the strip. Close to the Aladdin. We were there for a week. Room was about the best we've every had. Large kitchen w/complete facilities. Very large living room/dining room with plenty of comfortable seating. Large comfortable bedroom. Staff was most accommodating. Shuttle-run daily to the middle of the strip. Also, a twice a week shuttle to the supermarket. Laundry facilities on each floor. Downside - Lots of construction going on in the neighborhood day and night.This could affect some people who are light sleepers, but it didn't really bother us.	
Mar 7 2005	great stay at The Carriage House	I just returned from Las Vegas March2-7 and we really enjoyed the stay at The Carrriage House. I thought the location was great, a short walk to the strip or just across the street from the Aladin and could catch the monarail there. We had a car but walked most the time. I enjoyed the fact we had a place to go without the noise of a casino. Every staff member was friendly and helpful. Check-in and out was fast. We had the smaller room it had a comfortable King sized bed, dresser, full size couch and a chair you could see the TV from the couch or the bed. It had a small kitchenette, small fridge, 2 burner stove and microwave, coffee maker, dishes, silverware etc. We saved by making breakfast in our room each morning. The bill came to 316 for three nights. The place was very clean and all you had to do is ask for x-tra towels, pillows etc we got them right away.I would stay here again and highly recomend it. I peaked into a room with one bedroom and living room it looked very nice.For two people our room was plenty big and much nicer than a basic hotel room with having the kitchen and couch. The pool was open, looked clean although it was too chilly for me to take a dip. If you want a quiet, nice room with a good location, this is your place!	
Mar 7 2005	Great value for groups; clean spacious facilities	I booked a great rate, even on a weekend, with the Carriage House for a group of 12 people. The resort actually seemed pretty new to us -- the prior reviewer commenting on the furniture/linens might have been staying in one of the 1 bedroom suites, which some of us stayed in, which does have some wacky lounge-type dining table furniture, but as for the 1 bedroom lockout suites (where one side has a queen-sized fold-down murphy bed), they were really quite up-to-date, clean, and comfortable. If you look at the timeshare owners section of the web site, you'll be able to see the different room layouts. Our reservations manager was able to group us by couples and place each 2 couples into a 1-bedroom lockout suite, for $129/night -- even on a weekend in February -- which was really quite a bargain. We stayed in a non-smoking suite (I think it was a non-smoking floor), and each half of the suite had its own kitchen area -- the side with the murphy bed had a full kitchen, while the side with the king-sized bed had a kitchenette. Non-lockout/full 1 BR suites, on the other hand, had an enormous master bedroom, a full separate kitchen, and an enormous living room where we had 3 single guys sleep. While the foldout queen-sized sofabed was great, the same could not be said for the sorry-excuse-for-a-foldout that was hidden in the long ottoman -- the guys wound up using a bunch of sofa cushions instead. Maybe a child would have an easier time sleeping on that fold-out cot.We also had a chance to see a $79 regular hotel room, i.e. 2 double beds and a small microwave/refrigerator/sink area, which was also quite clean, looked new, and smoke-free as well.The construction zone was not bothersome at all. Although there's a heck of a lot of it going on around (MGM, Mariott condos being built), there really wasn't any noise that we noticed on the weekday we arrived, though it (the new Marriott development) is an eyesore if you stay on the side facing the Strip. To get to the Strip itself, it's about a 200 yard walk down the street, or you can walk a bit and then take a shortcut through the shopping part of the Aladdin casino (actually the closest casino). Alternatively, you can swing out the backdoor and down the street to the MGM to catch the monorail if you're going elsewhere -- about 1/4 mi walk. Overall, once you hit the strip (the Harley Davidson Cafe is right on the corner), the closest casinos to the North are (in this order) the Aladdin, the Paris, and the Bellagio (across the Strip). If you venture south, you'll walk past a few tourist trap stores &amp; CVS/Walgreens then hit the four-corner intersection with the MGM Grand, New York/New York, and the Flamingo &amp; Excalibur. If you're lazy and don't like to walk, or even just tend to complain about walking, I'd try for a cab -- there is, however, a free shuttle on WEEKDAYS only that leaves for Harrah's (next to the Venetian) every 1.5 hours or so. Some of us who got really drunk stumbled back fine, so I wouldn't say it's difficult to get to. On the other hand, others who spent a night gambling/partying at the Luxor at the end of the Strip wound up favoring a cab over the 20-30 minute walk.The front desk was remarkably accomodating, fast, and friendly, as we had a lot of last-minute changes in a large group. Check-in was refreshingly fast as well. The property itself is quite close to the airport too -- one of our friends actually walked, although he wouldn't necessarily recommend that to anyone. Check-out, on the otherhand, took a while, but nothing unexpected.No, this isn't the same as staying at one of the premium/more expensive casino resorts. The proposition value is high, however. For our needs, it was an excellent place to stay, with a few pleasant surprises. The pool is nicely heated, the hot tub was a treat, and some of us played a few sets on the tennis court (free raquets/balls to borrow) and others played some hoops on the basketball half-court afterward (they occupy the same space above the parking lot). They also have a shuffleboard set, board games and stuff that you can borrow for free from downstairs.We would recommend that you think twice before visiting Joey's restaurant. While some reviewers seem to have glowing remarks for them, we can't say the same. Though the waitstaff seemed friendly enough, the food was lackluster, and compared to other options elsewhere in walking distance, even in the MGM fast-food arena, I would skip this restaurant during you stay. The saving grace is that they do give you a 10% discount by staying (you have to bring the little coupon card) and there are deals such as $8 create-your-own pasta or $15 steak -- but again, avoid this place unless you absolutely don't feel like venturing outside, and even then, consider ordering out for pizza (Pizza Hut wound up being better-received by our group than the restaurant). The bar might be a better option, but then again, there are better bars at the nearby Aladdin casino, too.By the way, before I forget, there's also free and more-than-adequate parking there, too, though none of us rented a car.Overall, it's was really nice to go back to a place at the end of the night without the smoky air, the noisiness and hubbub of a casino hotel, we got a terrific deal, had really spacious, well-equipped rooms and enjoyed some of the extra swimming &amp; sports facilities on the property. The staff was friendly and consistently helpful. All of the members of our group were pleasantly surprised by how nice the place was, and plan on using the property again for future group visits.	
Mar 1 2005 	lackluster is the best way to describe it	This resort is merely a super 8 with a kitchen. If you desire nothing more you will be happy. The furniture is dated,the linens left much to be desired, and the location of the hotel leaves you walking through a construction zone on all sides of the hotel in order to get to the strip. Don't bother having the front desk call a cab for you, as I waited an hour and a half until I called myself and the cab dispatch didn't even know when they would be able to arrive. The staff couldn't have cared any less, they kept telling me that it was on the way. The point being, you need to have your own transportation.Next stay we will stick with the casino resorts, much nicer and much more convenient .	
Feb 23 2005	Always a great place	The Carriage House is extremely convenient to MGM, Aladdin, Bellagio, Monte Carlo and a bunch others. New Marriott being built next door. Extremely clean and well maintained. Quiet escape from the noise of the strip hotels, yet close enough to engage at any time. Joey's restaurant upstairs is truly outstanding!	
Feb 21 2005	Spacious Comfortable Rooms 	My husband and I spent 5 days at The Carriage House in July of 2004. The rooms were spacious and clean. The staff was polite and helpful and the location was perfect. When we return to Las Vegas this year (2005) we'll be returning to The Carriage House once again. The Carriage House is where it's at when your looking for quiet comfort to relax those sore and tired feet that beats the path of the Vegas strip. A big thank you to all of the hard working staff that go above and beyond in accomadating their guests.	
Dec 30 2004	Location and Service	We traded our timeshare for a week at The Carriage House November 13 - 20 2004. The location made is very convienient to The Strip without the crowded and often noisey atmosphere on The Strip. The staff was excellent and very helpful in any capacity that you might need. Unlike some hotels that are Timeshares, this hotel never bothered us about &quot;Timeshare&quot; deals, etc. The one bedroom suite was clean and well furnished. The color scheme in the main area left something to be desired, but we were not inside that much. The only bad aspect was the sofa bed which our friends found unusally uncomfortable. The construction that is ongoing near the hotel did not present any noise problems for us. Work does go on at night and again early in the AM, however, we never encountered any problems. We would recommend The Carriage House for its location, service and accomodations.	
Nov 24 2004	It was OK...depending on what quality you are looking for.	The Carriage house is OK. I have been to vegas six times in the last ten years, and I give it about a 3 star rating on a 3-5 star. I prefer to stay at Mandalay Bay or the Venetian because I like all the extra's those two resorts give you. Plus, I especially did not really like the location of the Carriage House.	
Nov 10 2004	Wonderful Staff	My husband I recently stayed at The Carriage House the first week in November. What makes this hotel so special is not the rooms, but the staff. Our room was clean and spacious. Although it was close to the strip, it was about a 15 minute walk and not in an active area. However, we did have a car, so it didn't matter that much. There was also construction going on which we were aware of. It didn't affect our visit at all.What I want to say is the staff at The Carriage House were excellent. Heather of guest services and Julie the conciege were the best! We received first class service from everyone that works here. In my opinion, this is more important than a five star hotel. I even witnessed a rude guest, however, the staff continued to be courteous and patient with them. We were given good information about how to avoid driving on the strip, great places to eat in San Diego and the cleaning staff even checked with us to see if our room was okay after we removed the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's just a little too deserted for my taste, but this will change because they are building other timeshare hotels nearby. I like to walk across the street to buy a bagel if I want. I didn't have this option, but that's just me and it shouldn't be the deciding factor whether to stay here or not. There is also a restaurant on the top floor that opens in the afternoon, so you can have lunch or dinner. They also had a van take people to the store for grocery and other activities were also available during the week.The Carriage House is among the top places to stay in Las Vegas and it doesn't have a casino which I loved! I commend the staff for doing such a wonderful job in making my stay comfortable. These are thoughtful people and whoever was in charge of hiring this staff should be proud of the choices they made. We would positively stay here again. Our hats off to everyone at the Carriage House!!	
Oct 26 2004	Absolutely Superb!	My wife and I stayed at the Carriage House for a week from 16 – 23 October. We had both been to Vegas before and didn’t really want to stay in another casino hotel with the usual five mile walk to and from our room, so we booked the Carriage House after reading the reviews on this site. We were not disappointed. The location, accommodation and the staff are all superb. For about the same cost as a standard room in some of the bigger Strip hotels, we got a huge corner suite comprising an ample kitchenette (microwave, hob, big fridge/freezer, dishwasher etc), large bedroom with king size bed, walk in closet with plenty of hanging and drawer space, in room safe, iron &amp; ironing board and hairdryer. The bathroom was a bit on the small side compared to other Vegas hotel bathrooms but as there was a separate vanity unit and washbasin in the bedroom, there was never any fights to get near a mirror!Just before we arrived, the hotel informed me that the courtesy airport pick-up was no longer available. However, they added that we should simply get a cab and they would reimburse the cost which was a very nice touch. They also arranged courtesy drop off at the airport and also provided courtesy transport to and from a local grocery store (complete with discount cards) so we could stock up on the essentials for a week in Vegas (OJ, beer and Cheetos)!There is a hot tub and a pool which is a bit small but as we never used it, it didn’t make any difference to us. We had a couple of drinks in Joey’s bar on the top floor (Carriage House guests get a discount) which has nice views of the strip. The hotel is a (safe) five minute walk from the strip and just across the street from the side entrance to the Aladdin Desert Passage. While the front desk will call a cab for you, if you are in a hurry my tip would be to get one at the taxi/valet area at the Aladdin.If I am ever back in Vegas, I would have no hesitation in staying again at the Carriage House.	
Sep 16 2004	Better than expected!	My husband and I stayed at the Carriage house hotel in a 1 bedroom suite for a week (Aug 28th). We arrived late (flight was late, missed connecting flight, had to take two other connecting flights instead - I hate flying), but staff were very helpful. Our luggage visited Chicago before finally deciding to join us at our hotel at 3am - front desk called to let us know it arrived as requested (&quot;are you sure?&quot;).Suite was cleaned daily but they don't do dishes - but it's not like I cooked on holiday! I think a bowl of cereal was as adventurous as we got. Full kitchen was helpful - kept all our beer and water cold.Location of the hotel was good. View was bad - construction of the MGM residences going on behind (our view), construction of the Marriott timeshire in front. But the hotel was more or less accross from the Desert Passage at the Aladdin - easy access to big margaritas at La Salsa. Also next to the MGM from the back - but it's a long walk when it's over 100 degrees in the shade and you have a big blister on your foot. Room was right in level with the Monorail - it actually worked the first few days we were there, but we didn't hear it. Got to ride it once - too bad we bought a family ticket that we never got to use the remainder (2/3) of the trips!Hotel had decent cable TV and had free HBO. They also provide shuttle serve to/from airport and to the grocery stores free of charge (but has to be pre-booked). There is a restaurant upstairs that is supposed to be good, but we never tried as we were never in the mood for Italian food while we were there.Would definately consider staying there again.	
Jul 15 2004	Great time at The Carriage House	Stayed at The Carriage House from June 10-15, 2004. Had a wonderful time without the kids for the couple days!! Staff was great and facility was well maintained from housekeeping to maintaining the towels at the pool. A minor note...the pool was bit to small for the the people using it... especially since there were several families with multiple children. There was no where to go inside of the pool to avoid the diving and splashing from the kids..(This not deserving to take away the perfect rating of The Carriage House) Would not hesitate to return!!	
Jul 6 2004	A great place to stay	We stayed at the Carriage House at the end of June. The place was wonderful. Although my wife missed having a casino in the lobby the proximity of the Aladdin and MGM kept her happy. I think the place should be rated higher than the 3 stars it gets in most sites. The cleanliness, amenities, thickness of the towels in the room and at the pool seemed to place the hotel higher in my ratings. The desk and housekeeping staff were friendly and took care of every need quickly. Joey's Bistro Restaurant on the top floor was excellent, with great food at reasonable prices. We had a master suite with a separate bedroom with a king sized bed and full kitchen. The pool was never overcrowded as it was at every other Vegas resort we've been to. We will definitely go to the Carriage house again.	
May 5 2004	A week in Vegas	My wife and I stayed for a week in Vegas 4/24-5/1, 2004. We had a timeshare exchange at the Carriage House. It was a great place to spend a week as it really was our 'home away from home'. It was a one bedroom unit which could sleep up to six people, though I think that would have been 2 too many unless they were your children. We had a full kitchen in which we prepared many of our meals. It was clean and located about 1 1/2 blocks off the southern end of the strip ( across the street from the entrance to Aladdin's Desert Passage shopping area). It had a nice pool and generally was quite a pleasant place to stay. It was very quiet and we always looked forward to ending our busy days (or nights) there as a refuge from the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas in general and the strip in particular. Though we thorougly enjoyed seeing all of the lights and shows of the hotels along the strip, we liked being able to get away from it at the Carriage House when we grew weary.Las Vegas is noted for the gambling, casinos and neon and all of this is very exciting. However, not to be missed is the Valley of Fire State Park which is an hour northeast of the city. It has spectacular, otherworldly rock formations. Quite a contrast to the city lights and glitz. Another location even closer to the strip but worlds away would be the Red Rock conservation area located about 20 miles west of Las Vegas. It also provides some terrific natural beauty. Las Vegas also had some interesting museums which are worth a trip if you have time. We visited the Natural History museum which has exhibits featuring dinosaurs, african creatures, Nevada wildlife and world wildlife. Located next to this museum is the Mormon Pioneer Park. This location is being restored to what is was the mid 19th century when the Mormons first settled here. Slowly but surely this site is being restored with reconstruction of the old mormon fort. A couple of walls now stand with more on the way. Another museum we visited was the Nevada State Museum &amp; Historical Society in Lorenzi Park. This museum had displays about the regional history of this area along with some earth and bilogical science exhibits. At the time we visited there was an exhibit of some of the old and now retired Vegas neon signs from earlier era's. This was my first trip which I stayed in Vegas for any length of time. I was amazed by all of the mega resorts and the different themes for each one. My own take on this experience is that Las Vegas is like a Disneyland for adults with each of the resort/casinos being there own 'land'. We had a terrific time.	
Apr 10 2004	Carriage house just right	My wife and I stayed at the Carriage House during Spring Break March 04. I had called to confirm our reservations and happen to mention that it was for our 25th wedding aniversity. When we got to our room they had a box of chocolates there. The room was simple and quiet. Perfect for sleep and a quick shower before a show, and a great price. We spent most of our money eating at great resturants and shows. Thanks Carriage house.	
Apr 5 2004	Great Stay at the Carriage House	Just got back from Vegas and stayed a week at the Carrriage House. There were four of us and we shared one of the two bedroom two bathroom rooms and it was very roomy and comfortable. The location is very convenient to the Aladdin and MGM. We were able to walk almost anywhere on the strip and also the front desk was great about calling cabs for us. Although the front desk personnel could have been nicer, our stay was very pleasant. However, the best part of the Carriage House is the great Joey Bistro on the top floor. They have a great Italian menu and a great happy hour. Greg, the bartendar was the best! We were probably some of the youngest people there and we are in our early 30's.	
Mar 28 2004	Recommended	We chose the Carriage House because of the reviews here, and we were not disappointed. Good location, easy access and parking, huge clean room, satisfactory pool, good advice from staff - and a very good price.	
Mar 6 2004	Great Hospitality	With 14 other members of my family we spent a week at the Carriage House in May 2003 to attend my nephew's wedding. We were made to feel most welcome by all the staff, the accommodation was great and the location was excellent. We hope to return next year, using our RCI timeshare exchanges again.	
Feb 1 2004	Loved the Carriage House	Just returned from a Christmas &amp; New Years stay at the Carriage House. We loved it. Quick check in. Beautiful full sized 1 bedroom apartment. We could have moved in. Love the fact that it is so quiet with no casino &amp; peaceful &amp; tasteful lobby when you return from the craziness of the strip. The restaurant( Joey Bistro) on the roof was very good. Bobbi is a kick &amp; will help with any tickets you might need. Definitely will return.	
Jan 21 2004	Best Value on the Strip	Recently stayed at the Carriage House (1/16/04) for two nights and it was terrific. It is only a half block from the side entrance to Aladdin. We drove into the free parking lot, parked right in front, walked in and immediately got service at the reception desk. No long lines of people, no jangling slot machines, no long trip through hallways and hallways and elevators to our room.In fact, they upgraded us to a complimentary suite, no charge - I guess they had room. We had a huge kitchen, den, bedroom and bath with big walk in shower. Within ten minutes we were unpacked and ready to go explore. Rate was comparable to a seedy hotel directly on the Strip and tons less than a Bellagio or Aladdin. They have a small bar and restaurant on the top floor. Good views of the Strip, immediate service - you can have a drink before bed and even take the glass to your room. They also have numerous vending machines in the lobby with a wide variety of choices, and free coffee in a nearby conference room. (We had a coffeepot in our room, too.) We didn't try the restaurant but it looked good. They even left us a comprehensive list of free things to do in Vegas, including times and directions.I will definitely stay here again and recommend to my friends. It was a bargain and a pleasure. Even though I had researched it on the Internet before going, it surpassed my expectations. Good job, Carriage House!	
Nov 17 2003	A time Share Days' Inn	We did not actually stay here, but took a timeshare sales pitch for the place. While this may disqualify this review for posting, I thought it important to let folks know that this hotel is also a timeshare. (No, we did not buy.)The facilities, however, were nice enough, though not elegant or fancy by any means. Qualatatively, they deserve about three stars (plus) out of five, and seem comparable to something one would get at a Hawthorn Suites. It is not, however, as good as an Embassy Suites or a Hyatt Hotel.	
Oct 21 2003	Wonderful week at the Carriage House	We just returned from a one week stay at the Carriage House and could not have enjoyed it more. We had six people in our party so we had one of the two bedroom, two bath suites. The unit was extremely clean and quite large. The refrigerator helped store, beer, wine and juice for late night and early morning refreshment. The reataurant, Joey, was very good with a great view. We had a car so the location several blocks off the Strip was not inconvenient, but it might be for someone on foot who doesn't enjoy a lot of walking. We will definitely stay at the Carriage House again.	
Oct 7 2003	Loved the Carriage House	The Carraige House is a great place to stay, especially when you have more then 2 people on your trip with you. The suites are nice size and clean. Real nice people that work there. If you need something they get it right away. It's close to the action but a block away for some peace and quite. I would like to see them put in a 24 hr restuarant on there premise, that would be a great. I would recommend the Carriage House a place to stay.	
Oct 5 2003	Very enjoyable	I stayed two nights at The Carriage House (22-25 September) and really enjoyed it. The price was perfect ($69.00 per night). The suite had a great view of the strip. MGM Grand hotel was about a 5 minute walk, not much when you consider all the walking one spends on the strip. I have stayed at many Las Vegas Hotels over the last several years (I visit the city twice a year) and The Carriage House is the best. I plan on staying here again in April 2004.	
Sep 15 2003	Better than the Casinos		
Sep 3 2003	A Great Stay		
Aug 20 2003	Great stay at Carriage House!!		
Jun 26 2003	Looking forward to staying here again!		
Jun 19 2003	Good price and location		
Apr 28 2003	Great Place To Stay		
Apr 4 2003	Great Place (Quiet Clean) Excellant		
Mar 12 2003	Loved the Carriage House		
Sep 17 2002	Great rates a short walk from the strip!		
Nov 27 2001	Best Kept Secret in Las Vegas		
Aug 10 2009 	Basique mais en travaux de rénovation et à 2 pas du strip !		
Mar 23 2009	Lage unschlagbar...		
Nov 21 2008 	trés bonne hotel		
Jul 23 2007 	Bellissimo!		
