Nov 12 2009 	Loved It	Stayed at Polo towers 1 week. Got strip view on 16th floor which had a balcony. Loved the view and enjoyed the closeness to the strip. A &quot;tix for tonight&quot; booth is right in front on the strip which made getting discount show tickets a breeze. The house keeping cleaned our room everyday which is hard to find in a time share. For light sleepers you can hear Karaoke on the street till 3 am so be warned. Polo towers has one of the best locations on the strip and our stay was great.	
Oct 25 2009 	Location location location	We had a Studio at the Polo Towers, the room is small but well appointed, it has everything you need. I was affraid of the Murphy bed but the bed was very comfortable. Rooms are very clean. We had fresh towels every single day of our stay. The location of this hotel is great, you can walk to MGM, Planet Hollywood, NY NY etc.,I have been reading bad reviews about this hotel and I can only say one thing, if you are looking for luxury you need to stay at the Bellagio, Encore, Wynn, pay the price and don't complaint. This is a very comfortable and clean hotel.I will stay at the Polo Towes again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Just average...really really average	First of all, we had a lock off room with a kitchenette and that's never a good idea. Second, we own at the Marriott Grand Chateau next door which is WORLD's better, but wasn't quite finished when we made this trip and our week was a free comp from Marriott for our timeshare purchase. The room was very average and small, but that's because it was the lock off room. It is in a good location, just right off the strip and we only rarely drove or used a cab to get to anything. Service was average at best. Whenever we asked for something it took a while and often, multiple calls, to get what we wanted or needed. You need to know that with most timeshares, check out is 10am and since we didn't get in until 4am the morning we were supposed to check out, we negotiated an additional 2 or 3 hours for an extra $45. We needed the sleep and check out at noon or 1pm was a much better idea. Alas, the front desk called at 9am to verify that we were going to be checking out late. And woke us up. And yes, I was not very pleasant. Then, just as we drifted back off...housekeeping started cleaning the connected room very loudly and then knocked on our door repeatedly and then tried to get in. By the time I pulled the door open, the cleaning lady was running down the hallway, because she realized she'd made a mistake. Not her fault. She wasn't told not to clean our room, but should've been told. I wanted to argue about the $45, but my wife wisely suggested I go get the car and find my peace and she checked us out. Better to write off the money and enjoy the rest of the day. So...my experience was sub-par, but I'd say overall the Polo Towers is a very average hotel and I feel for anyone who buys here with something as nice as the Grand Chateau next door. Oh, and even if you don't stay here (which you shouldn't), check out the three horse sculpture in the lobby. There's something really wrong about it and I think all three horses that posed for the sculpture are going to need some counseling. I'm just saying, it looks...well, it looks wrong. That's all.	
Oct 9 2009 	Perfect Las Vegas Location	This condo style hotel was absolutely perfect. It is located in the heart of the strip. Will stay there on our next visit.	
Oct 8 2009 	Las Vegas Trip May 2009 - Stayed at Polo Towers	My husband and I stayed at Polo Towers Memorial Day Holiday 2009 (5/22-5/29/09) for our 21st wedding anniversary, using our time share exchange. We had a delightful time at Polo Towers and in Las Vegas! We could not have asked for better accomodations at the Towers. The loacation, being almost in the middle of the strip, is perfect for everything - - easy access to the casinos and public transportation. The gym was nice and clean and very well equipped for a small gym. We didn't use the pool (because we're not pool people) but stopped up to see it on the roof - quite interesting! We especially enjoyed the cozy bed and very nice pillows. Saw Carlos Santana in Concert and visited the Grand Canyon, among many other interesting things. We will definitely go back to Las Vegas and stay at Polo Towers. The only drawback was that it was the hottest May ever in Vegas (high 90s everyday), but that did not slow us down.	
Oct 6 2009 	great time @ Polo Towers	I have a timeshare through Diamond Resorts and had actually been told by a fellow timeshare owner at one of the Maui properties that Polo Towers was kind of a joke. I also read some of the reviews on here and must disagree with some of the negative points. I did notice that some of the photos are from 2006 and they do not look anything like the room we stayed in. I went with 3 friends for my divorce party and I must say that we had a great experience. From the moment we pulled up, all of the staff was extremely friendly and helpful- the guy who checked us in even googled something for me. The self parking was interesting. After attempting to self park, I decided to valet- the parking structure is a bit oddly shaped and there is not much available for self parking. Valet is free anyway, we just tipped the guy a few bucks and it was worth it to avoid the hassle. Our room was well appointed with a kitched that had a full sized refrigerator and oven which was very useful since we didn't want to spend a ton of money eating out in Vegas. We were on the 9th floor with a good view of New York New York, Monte Carlo and a few other places. This hotel does not have a casino which was good for me because I am not a smoker and I didn't have to deal with the nasty smell of cigarettes that lingers in casinos. It is situated in between Planet Hollywood and MGM- a great location for walking almost anywhere. There is a nice pool area on the roof with a smallish pool, but the decor is nice and there are cabanas if you want to stay out of the direct sun. I also was pleased that they had a business center that had 2 computers with complimentary internet use- I had to check my work email because my BlackBerry was having issues. I will definitely return to this great hotel, but be aware that it is not the Bellagio. If that is what you are looking for, stay there and not at Polo Towers.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great place!	I read many of these reviews online with disbelief. They talk about how their whole trip was ruined because the couch had a stain, or they saw a pube in the shower. Polo Towers is a great place to stay , especially when you consider that it is right on the strip and what it costs for a tiny hotel room anywhere nearby. It is clean, has decent staff, and the usual facilities you would expect. Primadonnas who start nitpicking about furniture style are like psycho brides whose wedding was ruined because the carnations were misplaced. Overall, it is very similar to the other timeshares in the area, ie Summer Bay, Jockey Club, MGM. signed,Happy Camper	
Sep 17 2009 	Location works for me...	I think the location of the Polo Towers are good since you can pretty much walk to tons of places. Yes, it is set back a bit, but that's not a problem.The problem I have is that the maint. fee's keep going up. Compared to other timeshare properties, I think it's a bit much.We have been owners since 1991 and bought in the Villas. When I arrived last week (9/6-9/13) I tipped $20 and asked for a view of the strip. Not sure what took so long, but the girl looked like she did her best by typing for such a long time, then checking certain reports and talking to co-workers about certain rooms, etc. It was like it was an ordeal to get me a room with a view. So naturally I was very very thankful. But once I got to my room I noticed that it was not a Villa. It was a Suite. Basically they are the same except that the Villa's have upgrades that make a huge difference for me. The bathroom, in particular has two sinks instead of one. Also the bathtub is a jaccuzi in the Villa's and just a small tub in the Suites. The Villa's have better decorations, better bedding, better furniture, and better kitchen counters and equipment. Just nicer.So it was again an ordeal when I went back down to the desk and talked to the same nice girl who told me to return the next day. I did return in the morning but was told to return in the afternoon. Sigh. So I returned in the afternoon and FINALLY I got a Villa. But not on the strip. So I felt like I tipped her $20 for nothing!As it turns out, I loved my Villa and I loved the view of the mountains, facing east. Beautiful sunsets every morning. Other than that, I enjoyed staying at Polo Towers. It's not a mega resort, which I like. It is more like a private condo. Private and quiet. That's what I wanted while in Vegas. Personally, I would rather walk to the casino's and enjoy the quiet peace where I sleep.Speaking of sleep. I slep SO well the entire time I was there. The bed was very comfortable. I actually looked forward to turning in every evening (as I have problems sleeping generally).The only thing I wish they had was a really nice restaurant.	
Sep 3 2009 	I hope Polo Towers have improved.	I own a timeshare at the Polo Towers. Their maintance fee is very high after I found out how much other timeshares are charging for their maintance fee. I have read several reviews by other tripadvisors. I tend to agree with the tripadvisors that have negative reviews of the Polo Towers. Booking a reservation there is a nightmare, and I'm a timeshare owner there. The staff are very rude. Not helpful at all. The hotel is located at the back of a shopping center. You have to drive/walk through a narrow alley to get to the hotel. My room furniture were old looking. The sofa has stains. The only nice thing about the entire suite was the bathroom which was big and nice. I hope the management gets enough complaints about the staff and furniture to do something about it. I would not recommend anyone to go here or buy a timeshare here unless they improve the staff and decor of the place.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great for a Long Week-end!	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay at the Villas at Polo Towers. We did a &quot;shortstay exchange through interval&quot; for a long week-end. Upon arriving, they told us there was some construction going on in the villas, which was what our reservation was for. They offered to switch us to the suites, or keep us in the villas and put as as far as possible from the construction. We decided to stay in the villas as planned and were placed on the 8th floor. We weren't bothered at all by the noise of rennovations on the 15th floor. The rooms themselves are small compared to American standards, but they were very well appointed. If you are going to stay for a week, you may want something larger. The kitchenette included a large refrigerator, sink, microwave and any utensils you may need including a corkscrew. The sitting area had a flat screen tv with a dvd/vhs player and a stereo with an ipod mounting dock, both of which were very nice. The couch looked a little shabby considering the room had just undergone renovation, but the murphey bed pulled down over it, which may have been the reason. The bed itself was large enough, but very firm, which you may like if you prefer firm beds. The nighstand/desk area had an alarm clock that also had an ipod mount. Our closet had a safe to put your valuables in and extra pillows and blankets. The bathroom was very clean and had a nice walk-in shower with good water pressure. The bathroom counter had just been remodeled and looked great. Something else that stood out to me was the fact that the hairdryer in the bathroom was awesome! It was like a salon hairdryer compared to most of the crappy ones you find in hotels. This makes a difference when you have long hair like me!The location of the hotel was another plus. While not on the strip, it is only about a block or so back. When you are trying to sleep, this makes a big difference as you will avoid a lot of the noise from the strip of loud music, drunken revelers, etc. that are non-stop in Vegas. The hotel within walking distance to MGM, New York- New York, Luxor, Tropicana, Monte Carlo, Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Paris, Excalibur, etc. You can also take a ride on the &quot;Deuce&quot; bus ($3 one way) to get to some of the hotels on the northern strip such as Wynn, Trump Towers, Venetian. The Deuce also goes all the way to old Vegas where you can gamble cheaper (Binions, Mermaids, Golden Nugget, etc). The hotel also offers several free shuttles you may want to take advantage of. In terms of ammenites, we used the gym, which is located next door to the hotel. It was awesome! Most hotel gyms are tiny and lack a variety of machines/weights. Not this one! It had everything we needed (bikes, treadmills, eclipse, weights, machines, pull up bar, stair-stepper, etc). Overall, the hotel was in a great location, offered great prices/value, and the service was good too. Anytime we had questions the staff was quick to help out. If you need extra towels, shampoo, conditioner, whatever.. don't hestiate to ask... the staff will try to accomodate you ASAP.	
Aug 10 2009 	Place is over rated	The place is in back of restaurants and other businesses, which means there are trash cans and other not so good to look at views. The spa and swimming do not live up to the photos they advertise. Rooms or suites are small and stuffy, you feel like you are sitting on top of each other. The maintenance fees are out of sight, compared to other much nicer resorts in Las Vegas such as the Tahiti Village. The staff is fair, they do not go out of their way to make your stay pleasant or something you can't wait to tell relatives and freinds about. I am so happy that I only own every other year.	
Jul 23 2009 	great fun but not for kids	Polo towers was a great place to stay, rooms were clean, staff was friendly.I swear they have polo cologne coming thru the air vents, but it wasn't over powering, just right.... Found the staff selling tickets to shows off their lobby over priced. It was easier to walk outside the hotel to go to the ticket sales on the corner or to the location itself for cheaper tickets. Loved the hotels pool and hot tub, its on the roof so you can enjoy the stars and views of Las Vegas. Its just off the strip so it was convenient to everything. Not sure if we personnally would travel back to Las Vegas but if the chance should arise again I would return to Polo Towers	
Jul 10 2009 	Polo has been nicely renovated but the service kills the deal.	Second time here. First time we had problems during their renovation. People were working late and making a lot of noise. Now that it's renovated, it is fairly nice. However, service to the rooms was nonexistent. We got fresh towels and trash service the night before we left. Completely unacceptable. There are a lot of great deals for lodging in Vegas. This is definitely not one of them.	
Jun 3 2009 	Ugly from the outside! Nice on the inside!	At first glance not a winner- once you are inside the property to see your renovated rooms you will be happy! It is in the heart of the strip! Walking distance to everything.The roof- top pool is clean and neat !I am pleased with the room size overall amenities, pillows, sheets and overall upgrades are very nice.	
May 19 2009 	Quick Getaway to a Fabulous Condo	After writing an average review of the Polo Towers over 2 years ago, I can officially say that the rooms have been remodeled and our condo was beautiful! We gifted the first half of the week to my sister and her husband and they had a fabulous time. My husband and I took the last couple nights for a quick getaway and I couldn't believe the difference in the room. Granite countertops, new carpet, furniture, flat screen t.v's, bedding, and we even had a room facing the strip. There is so much construction still in that area that the sidewalks are torn apart and I'm sure some noise comes from it, but we didn't stay that long.The pool was awesome, we walked up at the perfect time and was able to snag a cabana with a couple of lounge chairs, the whole pool area was filled to capacity! We took a cooler with drinks thinking that we would have to hide it but there were people there BBQing, eating fast food, and drinking from their coolers also. The only rule I saw was that you had to smoke in designated areas and no glass containers at the pool.We had a two bedroom, two bathroom condo and it is very spacious, you could have 6 adults or a room full of kids and feel like you aren't all shoved into the room. I still feel that you can't beat the location, its easy to grab a cab or if you drive to valet or park yourself, and now that the rooms are remodeled, I definately think it's a first class resort. We will definately book again for next year!	
May 5 2009 	First time guest of Polo Towers	We were pleasantly surprised with our 5 day stay at the Polo Towers. We were welcomed by friendly staff, had a clean, spacious room, and were in walking distance from all &quot;the strip&quot; action. We enjoyed the roof top pool as the weather was hot while we were there! We would absolutely stay at the Polo Towers again.	
Apr 24 2009 	Decent priced option virtually on the strip.	Stayed for three nights. Had a studio room with a great view of the strip. The room was small versus US standards but tasteful in decor and in excellent condition. There is a small kitchenette area with fridge/sink/microwave. Bathroom area has a walk-in shower only. Coffee maker in the room which makes a nice change.There is a small rooftop pool area which gets plenty of sun and was busy when I looked in. A decent shop selling basic needs is located on the ground floor. Housekeeping is limited to towel change/bed making/trash removal on a daily basis with a full service every few days. Housekeeping happy to dole out extra coffee/shampoo etc.Polo Towers is well located between MGM and Planet HollyWood casinos. The room was quiet despite being only 100m off the strip. There is a monorail stop at the MGM casino. There may be a back route to this monorail directly from the polo towers which I didnt find. The monorail is right at the back of the MGM which means a walk to the strip, down the strip to the MGM and then through the entire casino which is huge. It is definitely worth checking this out as it will save a whole lot of walking.Overall a good option and a very fair price.	
Apr 13 2009 	Nice timeshare in hotspot on Vegas strip	Our first trip to Las Vegas, we traded our 2br/2bth Orlando unit for a 1br/1bth in Polo Towers, the only resort left in our exchange company's network for the dates we wanted. We had our 14 y.o. son with us. The resort was in a very busy spot with construction around and close to the airport but noise was never a problem. Upon arrival we found a very friendly and helpful stafff, nice lobby area with marble floors and a center fountain. The entrance to the resort was presentable but to get to the underground parking one has to drive around the building, thru a narrow entryway that ran past the dumpster area and then around to the garage entrance. It was just a bit awkward getting to the garage. I might add this is also the side of the resort where the kiddie pool is, the sun barely hit that area all day and it was not the most attractive spot for a child's play area, as it overlooked a large parking lot, construction site and the aforementioned dumpsters. As for the main pool, it was on the roof, looked very nice but was only 3 ft. deep. It stays open until 10pm but kids are not allowed in after 5pm, we saw the security guards actually kick the kids out once. They were the only ones using it so I thought it was a little mean of them. The room was much nicer than I expected from some of the reviews I've read. The decor was very up to date. Carpets were clean and new, no odors, I didn't see even one bug anywhere. The bed was a very comfortable king size with lots of fluffy pillows, I would compare it to a Sweet Sleeper or even a Heavenly. It was that comfy. The bedroom was a nice size with sliding door out to a very tiny balcony. Being on the 12th floor, we had a nice view of MGM, NY-NY, Excaliber, etc. Lots of lights and activity to observe from our window. Our son slept on the sofa bed, he said it was comfortable. Kitchen had tiled floor, granite counter, dishwasher, refrigerator, coffee maker, toaster and all the dishes and utensils you need for 4 people. Bathroom also had granite counter, good water pressure in shower. Housekeeping was not as reliable as I had hoped, we came back a few times after being out the entire day to find they had not been in yet to change the towels, empty the trash or make the bed as promised. However whenever I needed something I just called housekeeping and someone was there in a matter of minutes with whatever I needed. A follow-up phone call from the HK supervisor to see that we were taken care of every time was much appreciated. The one thing I would have liked to see is free Wi-Fi. They have an outside company and you have to pay $35 for a week of use or however long you wanted. There were instructions on how to connect but it was complicated and required changing some of our settings so we decided to pass on that after lugging our laptop across the country for nothing. All in all we enjoyed staying in Polo Towers and would stay there again if we return.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Location Excellent Service Quality Hotel	We recently stayed at Polo Towers, arriving Wednesday evening and leaving on Sunday. Check in couldn't have been better and more helpful, outstanding service. Master bedroom suite comparable to any 5 star resort. Dual bathroom sinks, extremely comfortable bed. Living room and kitchen provided the amenities that you don't get from a regular hotel. This is a timeshare resort and the first time we ever had daily maidservice at a timeshare hotel/resort. We were on the 16th floor and had great views. Location is directly between MGM and Planet Hollywood right in the center of the strip!	
Feb 25 2009 	Wonderful	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Polo Towers for 4 days and it had the most comfortable bed that I have ever slept in away from home. I read some negative reviews and was concerned about arriving but everything was clean. The halls were quiet and the service was impeccable. I would definately stay there again. &quot;Two thumbs up&quot;	
Feb 9 2009 	Shoddy everything	We chose the Polo Towers thinking it would be somewhat comparable to any Marriott Hotel and were very disappointed. It has a shabby and strange hotel entry; you must drive past dumpsters and down an alley to arrive for the valet. After check in and arriving to our room; we were surprised at the size of the second bedroom. It's very small; just wide enough to accommodate a murphy bed and dresser. After unpacking and putting our food in the kitchen we were unpleasantly surprised to find a cockroach climbing in our bag of cookies! We called the front desk and explained that we had a baby with us and roaches in our room wouldn't do! They moved us to another room and as we were attempting to hang our clothing, the closet door handle came off the door. I'm wondering now how this hotel has any positive reviews. We just couldn't believe it later when my son flushed the toilet and water flooded the bathroom floor....oh my goodness, did this place pass code? At this point, I was seriously wondering if we could change hotels since we'd booked at this one for an entire week. The manager then &quot;upgraded&quot; our room and gave us dinner at a local restaurant. We moved again, it was a long night, and tried to make the best of it, have a good attitude and settle down. While staying in the upgrade, the kitchen sink became plugged and our room keys failed to open our doors 3 times, maid service included taking out the garbage and giving us new towels. It's a bit like a Motel 6 wishing it were a nice hotel.....stay elsewhere.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great Location Great Timeshare Property	This is the 2nd time we have gone to Vegas for a 5 day trip after New Year last year we stayed at The Jockey Club which we thought was very good but the Polo Villas surpassed thatWe arrived very late nearly midnight so check in was quick pleasant &amp; efficient .We were on the 10th floor (you need to use your key card for the elevator ) A really nice one bed apartment tuscany decor decent bathroom nothing fantastic but 2 separate vanities , Jacuzzi bath Tub ,no separate shower.Fully equipped kitchen,nice living room with a Murphy pullout a very nice suite.The staff were always pleasant,beds made daily new towels etc a nice touch not usual for timeshare.We didn't try to use the internet because yet again so hotels have subbed it out to an outside source which is usually exorbitant .There is a small mini mart on the ground floor they sell fresh donuts and basic essentials I used the gym daily it is pretty well equipped 5 flat screen TV's lots of treadmills ,bikes ...Free for guestsPolo Villas is right on the Hawaiian Market great location Planet Hollywood is next door .The huge construction of Town Centre is opposite but we were there from Friday to Tuesday and never heard a thing.We really enjoyed our stay at the Polo Towers and will definitely be back	
Dec 2 2008 	Good standard	We didn't know anything about the Legionnaire scare until we were given the official letter in our check in pack, which was very low key - we are from England and we didn't get any phone call. Don't know if this was because we were going in on a timeshare basis and therefore did not have as much choice about where to stay as people who had booked in on a hotel basis.Having said that everthing was perfectly fine - the room was very clean and comfortable with TVs in both bedroom and lounge - towels were changed every day, new toiletries left and bed made - which is MOST unusual in timeshares. The staff were friendly and helpful - we did ask for a quiet room and we got one on the 8th floor but we were woken a few times at 6am by the truck emptying the rubbish, so not sure if we could have had a quieter room! We sunbathed a couple of days at the rooftop pool and it was well kept with plenty of towels and a heated pool.The position of Polo Towers is excellent for the strip - just 1 block away and central - we have stayed at several different timeshares in Vegas and this is definitely a good one!!	
Nov 12 2008 	Really Nice Place	We arrived early for our weeks stay at the DRI Polo Towers, 11/1 thru 11/8, Resort in Las Vegas. Our room was ready, woo hoo.. Although it was on the fourth floor it still had a view of the strip, along with the Center City Construction site across the street, We’re tired and try and rest a bit. It was the only pool day for our week, according to the weather forecast. So we hit the pool and hot tub for a few hours.. Because if the Legionnaire disease scare, the concierge moved over to the Marriott. We arranged our Hoover Dam Discovery tour with the Air ride over the Grand Canyon and bought tickets for “Jersey Boys”. They offer you nice incentive, tickets to “Phantom” for a 90 minute sales pitch for the Marriott Time-share. It wasn’t a hard sale, but they did tag-team us.. We said NO, but the Marriott was very nice.Opinion of the 1 Bedroom suites:For the amount of time we spent in the room.. Basically from 10:00 pm until about 9:00 am, the rooms were very nice.. Adequate is the word I’d like to use, but I’ll use nice instead. Plenty of electrical outlets, two nice TV’s and a very comfortable bed. Upon check-in, the front desk gives you a room inventory sheet to check off.. Please make sure you do as there were discrepancies from what is on the sheet compared to what was actually in our room. What’s missing, in my opinion, is the Weather Channel on the TV. The only complaint was that we had asked for more soap and shampoo from the daily housekeeping service, but it was never left.. We had to call down to front desk when we were completely out… Also, check out the folder of information they give you.. The rooms are not cleaned everyday, only replace towels and make bed. That schedule is in the information folder given at check-in.	
Nov 11 2008 	It was fabulous!	OK, chicken littles, the sky is not falling! We received a phone call a few days before arriving at Polo Towers informing us of the 4 cases of Legionnaire's disease over the past 12 months. Educated ourselves via the internet about the disease. Phoned the doctor for recommendation. All systems are go. We stayed at Polo Towers, loved the staff, the room, the location, the amenities. Have been to Vegas numerous times, will go many more times and hope to stay at Polo again.	
Nov 11 2008 	We loved Polo Towers	We stayed in the studio suite. The room was nice! It was just enough room for my husband and me. It is right behind a few stores so you can just walk to the strip and get in all the action! This is our 4Th time to Vegas and we will definitely stay at Polo Towers again. The pool is so nice. They have these nice cabanas there but they are first come for serve. We really loved the extra security that they had... you have to use your room key to use the elevator.	
Nov 10 2008 	Stayed even with Legionnaire scare. Had a great time.	My husband and I belong to Diamond Resorts Intl. Timeshares and made this reservation through them many months ago for a 1-bedroom suite for 10-23-08 thru 10-28-08 for my husband's birthday. The Polo Towers was one of their top-rated resorts. The day before we were to fly out, we received a phone call from the Polo Towers telling us about the Legionnaire problem. They did not volunteer to put us in another hotel, but they did say that we may want to get on the web and read about Legionnaire's and if we fell into any of the &quot;high risk&quot; categories of possibly getting it, we may want to postpone our trip to a future date. When I got on the web, it said people who are at high risk are the elderly (which we don't consider us that yet - we are in our early 40's), people who smoke (neither one of us have ever smoked), or people with a low-immune system (and neither one of us as far as we know have that), so we decided to go ahead and still go. We also doubted if the airline would let us change our flights to a future date without a huge penalty and we didn't know if Diamond Resorts Intl. would give us our timeshare points back if we didn't go and even if they did, we would have had to have used them before the end of the year or lose them, and both my husband and I have jobs that are not very easy to get time off of, so these were also reasons we decided to go ahead and go. We decided that when we got there and talked with the Polo Towers directly, if we thought it was too bad, we would ask them to move us or we would just go somewhere else on our own. When we got there, we were pleasantly surprised. It looked very clean and there were all kinds of young and old people wandering about the lobby and going in and out of rooms and the desk clerks were very calm and laid back. The only thing was that they were not very informative about the Legionnaire's scare. I tried to ask them specific questions and they just kept telling me to read the info packet they handed to me. It didn't really say too much except for that 4 cases had been reported to them of people who had stayed there that had contracted Legionnaire's - 2 from last year, and 2 from Sept/Oct. of this year. They said that Nevada Health &amp; Environment were aware of it and that the Polo Towers had started treatment for it. Well, we decided to go ahead and stay. We checked into our room which was very nice. It had a king-size bed in the bedroom which was very comfortable along with a TV, closet with safe, and a small balcony (if you could call it that). It was just a very small 6 x 10 concrete area - room for one chair - if you sat in the chair, you couldn't see over the concrete. We had a view of the parking lot. The only noise we heard was the trash truck that came by early in the morning and I can't remember now, but I don't think it was every morning, just a couple of days during our 5-night stay. The bathroom was large with just a regular tub/shower combination and single sink, but with a large countertop. We did take short showers and left the doors to the bathroom open while showering so as not to make steam (don't know if this really helped with the Legionnaire's or not). There was also a very strong chemical smell coming from the water, which we assumed was the chemicals they were using to treat it. It smelled something like chlorine. The living room had a TV, stereo, couch, and chair and the kitchen had a full-size frig, stove, and microwave. Our TV wasn't working right when we got there, so we called Maintenance and they had it fixed immediately. We had rented a car also and talked to the valets a lot when we would drop off or pick up the car. They were very helpful and nice. The store they have inside the hotel is small, but has everything you might need - bottled water (which we drank instead of the faucet water), aspirin, eyeglass screwdriver, snacks, etc. (some of the things we purchased) and the people working in it were very nice too. We went up to the roof-top pool/hot tub one day just to see what it was like. It looked nice - kind of small, but nice. All in all, it was a good trip, as long as we don't end up getting the Legionnaire's. The web said you should see signs of it within 2-14 days after exposure to the bacteria and we have been home now for 13 days and so far, we are both fine. I would have strongly recommended this hotel to anyone if Legionnaire's wasn't a factor, but it is really up to you personally if you want to stay here until they get the problem fixed.	
Oct 31 2008	Legionnaires Disease	We had reservations for a 2 bedroom suite at the Polo Towers for 10/18/08 - 10/25/08. When we arrived, the lobby was so crowded we couldn't believe it, as we've been there previously and never ran into this. Well, the reason for the back up was explained to us when we finally got to the desk to check in. We were given a letter explaining that 4 cases of Legionnaires Disease had been reported there the previous week and we would have to sign a waiver to stay there, or they would book us elsewhere. We were told we could stay, just don't take showers or drink the water. Needless to say, we went elsewhere.....to the Luxor. Had 2 beautiul rooms and a great time. Never again!!!	
Oct 29 2008 	Legionnaires disease at the Polo Towers Hotel	Arrived after 10 hour flight – pretty tired. Got baggage and quickly found Taxi. Went to Polo Towers. At the arrivals desk a smart intelligent looking man welcomed us and asked if were we checking in. He then said 'Are you aware of the Legionnaires problem in the hotel?'I did not know what he was talking about – my first thought was that the French legion had sent over some troops and had run amok in the hotel causing death and destruction. So I said 'What?'He said 'Have you heard that we have had a Legionnaires disease in the hotel?'I said 'What?' I really could not believe that I was standing in the lobby of a building with Legionnaires disease in it. When I think of all the precautions we have to take now to keep healthy -especially when flying - aspirin – pressure socks – heightened security awareness – being polite -remembering everything, and now here we are standing in the lobby of a the Polo towers luxury resort apartments and its got Legionnaires disease. Marvelous.He said now thinking I was a complete cretin 'Last year a couple of people were taken seriously ill with Legionnaires disease and you should have been informed.Well, now I start to relax again and I say 'Are you saying that it was over a year ago?' looking around me now at a few people going about their lives as though nothing is wrong. Not panicking as I would have expected if this was a serious problem. Running around shouting 'This hotel is unclean leave immediately'He says ' I do not know exactly when but there have been four cases in total – there is the notice here explaining it.'I take a quick look – Legionnaires disease – Pneumonia – Very old or very young people most at risk. I show it to Christine. She agrees not to worry after all it all seems to be running smoothly enough. So we agree to check in.As we are leaving to go to our room the nice hotel clerk hands us an envelope that gives a message about the problem that we can read when we get to our room.The first room we get to we arrive with the porter and for some reason the bath was overflowing and hot water was running, so the room was full of condensation. The porter phoned down and got us another room.Great apartment – kitchen, separate bedroom and lounge. Excellent – I decide to open the letter. It outlines the problems the hotel has been having with Legionnaire's disease and that the last two reported cases were August and September 2008. What? Now all of a sudden the air does not smell right and we feel as though we are about to be invaded by the body snatchers. My nose starts twitching and I am trying not to breath.I phone up reception and say I do want to stay here after all – they said they would arrange another hotel and would call us back in fifteen minutes. Fifteen minutes are you joking we are not staying locked in this room 5 minutes with the air conditioning blasting out its potentially deadly carrying germs.No we were off mate. Re-packed and down to the lobby in 3 minutes flat. I went over to the desk and informed the intelligent looking desk clerk that he was in fact a dork and had misinformed us at the beginning! He said he did not know that the cases had been so recent as he had not read the letter. Well he knows now!It took over an hour for them to re-allocate our booking to the Monte Carlo across the strip and then they kindly gave us $5 to pay for the taxi. Which was nice.....I bought some mouthwash immediately as I now had a sore throat and every time I cough I keep wondering ---- Legionnaire's ???By the way we are not alone in our fears – when we arrived at the Monte Carlo, the check in clerk said that several other people had been transferred to them from the Polo Towers.	
Oct 25 2008	I love this place	I just came back from Las Vegas last week and was a little worried about staying at Polo Towers after reading some of the reviews. When I got there this is what I found. It is conveniently located right on the strip. Just sits back about a half a block. You can walk or ride the bus anywhere. The staff was some of the nicest people on the strip. They all were very helpful and very sweet. Joel and Darma helped us with our luggage and both were so nice and funny too. The room we got was clean and beautiful!!!! I had a large Jaccuzzi bathtub in my bathroom along with two sinks one on each side of the bathroom. My bathroom even had a telephone in it. It was all tiled very nicely and the counter tops in the bathroom and kitchen were made of granite. My bedroom had a king size bed with a television and a balcony along with french doors that led into a full size kitchen that was stocked with everything you need including a dishwasher and dining room area. My stepson had his own queen size murphy bed in the livingroom area along with his own television and stereo. The second bedroom had its own balcony and queen size murpyhy bed and a bathroom so my friends had their own privacy. It also came with a microwave, sink and refrigerator. I was very happy at this place( I did not want to leave) and I will definitely go back there. What other people are complaining about, I am not sure? Maybe they thought that they were going to be staying at a Penthouse suite with Criss Angel?????????	
Oct 15 2008 	underated	After reading the reviews, we were somewhat apprehensive about what we would find at Polo Towers. Here is what we found, courteous service from all staff members, a very clean and comfortable room with an awesome view. Polo is close to everything, half price tickets, major casinos, Miracle Mile shops are on the next block and the new city center will be directly across the street. Down side might be the size of the pool_it is barely three feet deep. All in all, it was very good and we are looking to return next year.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Location	Stayed at the apolo Towers for a week in the middle of September 2008. Was a little apprehensive as I had read some of the reviews. I was nicely surprised when we got to our suite on the 15th floor of tower 2. The suite was very well presented and was immaculate. We had a one bedroom suite and as our daughter came with us we were very pleased with the size. The sofabed was a queen size and extremely comfortable. The kitchen area had full amenities with a huge oven. The balcony off the main bedroom was very small but was good to step out onto to view the strip which looked amazing. The bathroom had plenty of storage for all our stuff. There is quite a lot of construction in the area which does start early but didnt bother us. The only thing that woke us was the trash wagon at 7 in the morning. Other reviews stated they had trouble getting cabs but we had no problem at all to or from Polo Towers. Overall this was. a good location.	
Sep 21 2008 	Another great stay at PT!	I stayed at PT with my best friend for 3 nights. We got a newly refurbished room with a strip view. The suite was spotless and had everything we needed. Having a kitchen was very nice, we were able to keep and reheat leftovers and saved a little money by doing so. We picked up a few groceries before we arrived as well. The suite had a modern feel, contemporary decor and plasma TV's. The location is awesome too, right next to Planet Hollywood and MGM Grand. They even had shuttles to the Fashion Show Mall and the Albertson's (grocery store). They only thing they don't have is room service, but they did provide a sizable list of local places that deliver, with menus. I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Location on 'The Strip' With Only A Few Minor Quirks	Polo Towers was just what we needed while staying in Vegas. The rooms were very, very clean, but had a few minor quirks. One of the biggest quirks to me was that the a/c wouldn't go below 70 degrees! Most people that I know...that are staying in Vegas when it's 100+ outside would like for the air to go below 70 to keep you cool! I called the front desk and they said it 'was automatically set not to go below 70'. They didn't give me a reason, so I assume it is to cut costs. In other words...if you are a person that needs lots of cool air, this may not be the place for you! Also, in the suite attached to the main room the bed was surprisingly comfortable (for a fold out), but the a/c was a bit noisy and our sliding shower door kept getting off the tracks. My husband had to put it back on several times. None of these things were major issues for us though. Overall though, the rooms were very nice and well appointed with granite countertops, flat screen t.v.'s and nice furniture. Our view of The Strip on the 16th floor was great! I spent one afternoon at the pool which was very nice. They had very nice furniture at the pool along with cabanas to provide some shade. However, the pool seemed a bit small to me for all of the people that were in it (however, this was Labor Day weekend, so keep that in mind). It's not a 'swimming pool' per se, but more of a wading pool. It's only about 3.5 feet deep. It's mostly just to keep you cool. It's great if you are wanting to sit in the pool and read a book or just have a drink and relax. There is also a nice jacuzzi by the pool which I did not use. The pool was nice, but did seem that it could stand to be cleaned a little. Overall, the pool area was a great place to relax.One thing I really liked about this hotel was that there was NO CASINO in it. I truly enjoy going to casinos, but don't want one where I am sleeping. This made sleeping much more enjoyable and less noisy. The Monte Carlo and NY NY are across the street, so gambling is easily accessible. Also, Walgreens and CVS are close by along with a couple of beer/liquor stores. Advice from me = if you are a drinker stock up on beer/wine at the stores around the corner from Polo Towers. It's MUCH cheaper than buying drinks out at bars, etc. for 11$ a drink...ouch! With a full kitchen in the room it's easy to keep beverages on hand.One thing to note while you are at Polo Towers is that they are VERY strict about what time you check out. They do not allow late check out and if you don't check out on time they charge you double the room rate...so, don't oversleep! Overall, this was a great place to stay if you are looking for some peace and quiet in the midst of all of the craziness on &quot;The Strip&quot;. Polo Towers was a nice retreat at the end of the day or for a nap before going out in the evenings. Enjoy your trip to Vegas!	
Aug 31 2008 	What's all the Noise About?	We recently spent 2 weeks in August 2008 at the Polo Towers after trading our 2 week timeshare in Mexico. We are seasoned Vegas tourists and always thought the Polo Towers would be nice to stay at. Believe it or not, not all the construction noise is on the strip, it's at the Polo Towers! At times it sounded like a jack hammer in the next room because of the air conditioning turning on and off. The water pipes also added to the symphony as did the running toilet. Also, our entry door was damaged by staff and was coming off the hinges because the cleaning staff jammed the doors open while in the room. It took over a week to get this repaired and we could only enter or leave the room with a strong shoulder to the door. And then, just under our window was the garbage pickup and every morning at 6 a.m. the banging and clanking began. You don't need an alarm clock! Linens used for our guests were not removed for a week. There was no intense cleaning of the unit and it was very dusty. No dishes were done by housekeeping and several days there was no bed making or towels provided. Other than the above, the lobby looks great, the location is fine, pool is nice but small and shallow, only 3' deep. The one really nice thing was the bed. It was very confortable and the pillows were to die for. Too bad for all the negativity.	
Aug 29 2008 	Clean but noisy	Decided to stay in a studio and use our points. Room was clean and murphy bed comfortable enough. However room a/c was extremely loud and shared door with next door room where neighbors made too much noise. Next time a real hotel and will use points in other timeshares	
Aug 28 2008 	Love Polo Towers	We traded our timeshare in New Orleans for the Polo Towers in July this year. After reading reviews on this website, I was a little worried about it being run down.....don't be. It was like it was all spanking brand new! We had a one bedroom with pull out couch and it even smelled brand new when we walked in. The bed and pillows are &quot;to die for&quot;. I wish I could find out where they got the pillows they are soooo comfortable! Our friends had a two bedroom, which is one side is just like the one bedroom and the other side is like an efficiency with a murphy bed. It was very nice also! The pool area was nice but there isn't a bar or restaraunt on the site...which didn't really matter because you have a full kitchen and you can bring your own. It's in a great area of the strip...and here is my only complaint...our room had a great view on the 9th floor facing the strip, but it was right behind the &quot;hawiian marketplace&quot; which is a fun place during the day, but at night it's very loud. People are still karaokeing at 3:00 am! And they play loud music all night. Luckily I always wear ear plugs (my husband snores!) and he snores so loud he wouldn't hear anything. Not the Polo Towers fault but you might want to ask for a higher up room or in a different location. Otherwise I was very pleasantly pleased with the Polo Towers. They even had a shuttle pick us up and 4:00 in the morning to take us to the airport! Great Time...and here's a little tip. Rent a car and go to the North End of the Grand Canyon! Awesome! Sorry I would have had pictures, but I lost my camera while I was in Bally's!	
Aug 26 2008 	Updated Rooms and Great Location!	Like everyone else, I was very reluctant to book at the Polo Towers given the reviews, but I exchanged my timeshare week to stay there anyway because of the location. I went with a list of other hotels/prices in hand in case the rooms were as bad as the reviews indicated. I was pleasantly surprised to walk into the beautiful marble lobby. (I had to ask if I was at the right hotel). When we checked in (4 hrs early) to find out that all of the suites had been remodeled, I was ecstatic. The rooms were gorgeous. We had a 2 BR unit with plenty of room to spread out. There were LCD TVs , DVD players and ipod docking stations in every room. Everything was modern, clean and beautiful. The beds were REALLY comfortable, especially after a long day of walking.The location was perfect for us. The Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood were to the right and MGM was to the left of us. We rented a car (no parking fees) so we were able to drive to the north end of the strip without a problem. The Hawaiian Marketplace was directly in front of the hotel and was a great place to eat, shop and get a massage. There was an active construction site in front of the Marketplace, but we didn't hear any noise from there.I read the review about the air conditioner being loud. While I did notice it kick on and off, I wouldn't say it was the loudest i've ever heard. I'm used to sleeping with white noise anyway, so the hum of the a/c wasn't obnoxious to me. If you have to sleep in silence, I would imagine that it might be a problem.We're already talking about going back next year. The kids have a list of things they didn't get to see in the week we were there, so I will be back to the Polo Towers.	
Aug 12 2008 	Help I'm ;trapped in the Polo	I am currently sitting in the living room of a 2br &quot;suite&quot; at the Polo towers. I am sorry to say that I have to stay here for the next 6 days, I checked in yesterday. Everything looks nice, but in our room the air conditioner is so loud that it sounds like a construction site. We called maintainence at 3:00 am last night and he said that the whole building is like this. We went down to management and they showed us 3 different rooms and they all had very loud a/c. We went over to the villas, and they were just as loud. I could not sleep the whole night, You cannot turn it off from the thermostat, they have to do it downstairs in maintainence. When you try to adjust the thermostat, it just gets louder. I cannot even hear the TV. The second bedroom is worse. The AC unit is in a room next to the second bedroom. No use even going in there at night. This AC does not turn on and then go off. It stays on constantly. I have never been in a timeshare like this. For all the fronting they do, you would think that they would fix the things that matter. Can I get some sleep please?	
Jul 23 2008 	Villas at Polo Towers	My husband and I exchanged our timeshare for a 1 BR at Polo Tower Villas. The unit was great and we had more room then we needed for the two of us. It does have a queen murphy bed in the living room if needed for extra guest. Location on the strip was great. Staff was accomodating and we liked the quietness of the place. Pool is on the basic side. Enough chairs and sunlight though so overall it works. I felt we made a good exchange and will use this place again.	
Jul 22 2008 	Girls getaway	My friend a I took our daughters for a 21st birhtday celebration. Our experience was great. We were slightly worried after reading the reviews, but were pleasantly surprised. We had a 2 bedroom suite, which comfortably slept all six of us. The kitchen was all very nice as were the bathrooms. Although they only came in once during the week to change beds and do a thorough clean, they came everyday to change towels and empty garbages. The pool on the roof is not big, but it is very nice. We were always able to get chairs and towels.The access to the strip is great. We walked almost everywhere and on the rare occasion took a short cab ride to our destination.Everyone working the front desk area was very helpful. Checkin and checkout went very sooth and our luggage was safely stored so we could enjoy our day before our flights.All in all our stay was very enjoyable and I would recommend this hotel to all ages.	
Jun 25 2008 	Location on the main strip	Got this hotel through Interval International timeshare exchange. Good hotel. Located on the strip.Caught a shuttle from the airport to the hotel. Rooms good. Hotel opposite Bellagio, in the middle of the strip.	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic!	Given some of the review, I had a little trepidation prior to booking a 2 bedroom at the Polo Towers. I am glad that I did though. We stayed in a 2 bedroom in one of the renovated suites in Tower 1. The place is elegantly appointed with LCD televisions in each room. There is a full kitchen in the 1 bedroom portion which was perfect for the family. The studio side has a microwave, sink, and fridge. The pool on the roof is good since you get a nice view around you. The odd thing I thought was that it is only three feet deep. However, given the number of people just hanging around in the pool with a drink in hand, it sort of made sense. For families with smaller children there is a water play park. There is a 1 foot deep pool with a shower in the midst and a place to run around with squirting fountains. Kids will love this.By far the best thing about the Polo Towers is the location. It is steps away from Planey Hollywood (formerly the Aladdin) as well as the MGM. Surrounding the property are the Marriott Grand Chateau as well as some other condominium projects. The location is perfect. As far as food is concerned there is the Hawaiian marketplace adjacent to the property and there are many food choices available. This is a great place to stay and I look forward to our next trip here.	
May 29 2008 	My stay at Las Vegas	This is a timeshare hotel that is right on the Las Vegas Strip. It is an old facilities that is well maintained and very clean. Your steps from the Planet Holloway, on the right and the MGM Grand on the left. Lots to do in Vegas.The staff are extremely helpful. The secruity is good and the housekeeping is outstanding.It is a condo style timeshare with two and three bedroom, full kitchen with washers and dryers available. Best investment in vaction timeoff we've had todate. My handicapped daughter loves the place.	
May 27 2008	Amateurs	I wanted to hire a piano player to play some music upon entering the lobby for my wedding night - I asked them if I could do so. They said yes. It turns out the piano had a protector of some kind over the keys, so the pianist couldn't play - time and time and time again, they were called by the piano player and myself, asking if they could do something so that this could be possible. They never responded - ever, not even once. What a lame group of turkeys.	
May 26 2008 	Great! Loved our stay!	We stayed at Polo Towers from May 17th-24th, We stayed in a Villa on the 10th floor 10208 &amp; 10208A, it was a renovated room, very clean and comfortable, we rented a car and used the underground free parking, (there is also valet we chose to self park) Clean towels every day, and I asked for extras with no problem, since we were traveling as a family of 4, two adult children it was perfect, each of us had our own space, and the kitchen came in very handy, we saved money and calories by eating in breakfast and some lunches. The rooftop pool with the cabana's was very nice too, although the depth of the pool is 3 feet deep it is just enough to cool off, there was also a hot tub. The front desk staff were very helpful and friendly!	
May 23 2008 	I would stay their again	We traded through Interval for a one bedroom suite. We stayed in Rm 2001 for 6 nites. It was a renovated unit. Everything was in great condition. Our floor was quiet and smoke free. The balcony was small and unfortunately the Planet Hollywood sign blocked our view of the Bellagio fountain. But the place rates pretty well with me if that is the worst thing I can say. I am really surprised at some of the negative reviews I read. Maybe they were staying in an unrenovated unit? The pool was on the roof and very nice. The location was great, close the the best casinos, a wallgreens and mcdonald's. The staff was courteous and helpful. They cleaned our suite every day.	
May 16 2008 	Absolutely Loved the Polo Tower Villas!	We stayed in the Polo Towers Villa during the week of April 18th. We had a two bedroom / two bathroom unit that we booked through our timeshare exchange with Interval International. I was a bit apprehensive beforehand due to some of the TripAdvisor reviews but could not have been more pleased once we arrived. It was wonderful! Our unit was just beautiful. My husband and I took my parents and there was plenty of room for the four of us. One bathroom had a Jacuzzi tub. The other had a large walk-in shower. My parents’ bedroom had a king-sized bed. Ours had a pull-down queen-sized Murphy bed, which we left down for the entire trip. (There was no sense in putting it back each day since we had a couch in the living room to use.) We were on the second floor and didn’t have much of a view, but we hardly noticed. The towels were replenished daily and the beds were made. The gorgeous full kitchen was great for making coffee in the morning and storing snacks. We easily could have cooked but we chose not to. The small convenience store on site was helpful. Perhaps the best thing about the Polo Tower is its location. It’s smack in the middle of the strip. We had an easy time getting to all of the casinos. Regarding cabs, there were a few times where we had to get the front desk to call one for us but they always showed up quickly. I have no idea why prior reviews complain so much about the cab situation.We did not use the rooftop pool but would have if the weather had been better. While it’s not a luxurious pool, it’s certainly adequate. It’s true that the Polo Towers does not have a casino on site. After all, this is not a resort hotel. We, however, loved this. It was nice to come “home” at the end of the night and be able to walk right up to our room without having to hike a mile through a huge smoke-filled hotel casino. It was such a peaceful place that you truly felt relaxed the minute you walked through the doors. We never heard any noise from construction or the strip. We were never once approached by timeshare representatives. Prior to our departure, I did receive a call from Polo Towers asking if we wanted to book a timeshare tour but I simply explained that we already own a timeshare and weren't interested. As I said, we weren’t approached at all once we arrived. In summary, we loved it here. I would go back in a heartbeat. My parents have stayed in many of the big Vegas hotels and even they agreed that the Polo Towers is their new favorite because they had so much room to spread out. I cannot say enough about how much we enjoyed our stay.	
May 12 2008 	Pretty good stay..	Stayed here the week of May 3-10th. Checked in at 11:30 AM. Had a room ready. We were on the 9th floor studio facing the strip (room 9105A). The room was very clean. Housekeeping brought towels everyday. Room also had a large balcony with an awesome view of the strip. No chairs on balcony so we pulled our little couch out there and sat on it.Concierge desk was very helpful at calling us taxis when we needed them and they also gave us tips on what to do and where to eat. Check out was a breeze. Normal time is 10AM but they let us check out at 11:30 since our flight didn't leave until 3PM.Also this hotel does day trips to Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam (not sure if they're free, never did one since I've been to both).FYI: If you get a room facing the strip you will hear CityCenter Construction starting at 5AM every morning and hear the Hawaiian Marketplace music every night until 3-4AM). ALSO TAXIS DO NOT LIKE COMING HERE, get the conceierge to call a taxi for you. I asked a driver why they don't like coming to Polo and she said because it was a timeshare resort and not a major casino resort, once they drop someone off there's usually no one there to pick back up so they loose money coming here. Believe me, we got huffs and puffs from every driver that dropped us off. Other than no casino, no bar, and the taxi situation it was a nice hotel. I only stayed because I got a whole week for $129 (timeshare exchange fee). When I go back to Vegas I'll definitely be staying somewhere with entertainment.	
May 5 2008 	Great Location! Overall not great experience!	Stayed in the one bedroom suite. Had a nice sized kitchen with all the amenities. Also had a fold out sofa for extra bodies. The room itself was not bad. I was expecting worse, but the room I had was pretty updated with two plasma tv's and the bathroom was nice and spacious so I could stretch out..if you know what I mean.The best part about the whole thing was the location. Literally 2 -5 minutes away from the Hawaiian Marketplace that has a bunch of shops and restaurants. They actually had a live Hawaiian band playing at nights in the middle of the center, which was pretty cool. Decent mix of restaurants and shops to buy stuff you need. Hot tip: There's a place to buy show tickets and other things in the Hawaiian Marketplace called 1/2 price tickets...really cheap compared to buying direct or online. Really enjoyed myself and the only thing lacking from it was a good pool scene and an actual casino. Aside from that, would definitely go back, simply just for the location and price.	
May 2 2008	Great Stay!	This was our 5th girls trip out to Vegas, having stayed at other timeshares and the Stratosphere previously. The Polo Towers was a gem! We did have a rental car, which was valeted, so never any problems getting in and out. The valets, and front desk staff were helpful, providing maps or internet directions to anywhere we wanted to go. We stayed the week of April 5th-12th, 2008. Since there is a kitchen area, our first stop was to the SuperWalmart to stock up on food (keep the eating out costs down)! We had a 1BR Jr Ste with the adjoining efficiency on the 15th floor of I believe Tower I (the elevators are closest to the resort grocery store). There were 4 of us, 2 shared the efficiency and the others shared the 1BR. There are 3 huge dressers in the space, so it is easy to unpack, hang clothes, and stretch out (I hate that living out a suitcase feeling). The 1BR had a huge bathroom, private balcony, king bed, and flat screen TV. The living area had a sofa bed couch, updated full kitchen area, and another flat screen w/DVD and stereo system. The eff had a Murphy bed, another sleeper couch, kitchenette, bathroom, desk area, balcony, and flat screen w/DVD player and stereo. We moved the couch in the eff out to the living area, rearranged some furniture, and made more space in the eff, while giving the living area more seating!The location set back from the strip, but still close to everything. We were located facing the MGM, NYNY, just above the driveway for the Polo Towers. The view was great! The resort does sit behind a shopping area that does have a bar w/drunk karaoke singers. We didn't hear them though, as we were not on that side. The walk from the strip up the driveway to the resort takes about 2 minutes, and unless you are walking alone and no one else is out (which doesn't happen in...it's Vegas remember), I had no concerns with safety. There are souvenir shops, a 7-11, CVS, Walgreen's, McDonalds all in the close area, and very handy! We did walk to Planet Hollywood, Monte Carlo (across the street), and MGM...drove everywhere else! The City Center that's being built is huge, can't wait to see it next year!There is a FatBurger in the next shopping complex, so that helped with the late night munchies! Also try the Harley Davidson Restaurant (the food was so good). Looking to get cheap drinks...Diabolo Cantina is across the strip, connected to Monte Carlo. From 3-6 is Happy Hour where various drinks/shots are $2! Thanks Pablo for being a great bartender!	
Apr 14 2008 	Our 5th stay at Polo	This is our 5th year of staying at Polo Towers for Easter Week. When we checked in we were given a 2 bedroom unit on the 5th floor. As usual old unit in need of remodel...Polo towers has been remodeling all the units for the past 2 years!!! I think City Center will be built before they are finished!!! The next morning about 6:00 am the noise started!!! They were working on the floor above our units...It sounded like the ceiling was coming down. When I went to the desk they told me that I shouldn't have been given that unit unless i was aware that a lot of noise was expected. We were moved to one of the new remodeled units on the 10th floor. This was one of our best stays at Polo.... I do think that they are trying harder to meet guest needs.Alex at the desk was great!!!You can't beat the location,and the advantage of having a kitchen and living room! As noted by others...It is terrible getting a cab...There is a guy in a golf cart who will take you to Planet Hollywood. Just another one of the strange adventures that come with your stay at Polo Towers.......Best of luck to all who pick this place!!!	
Apr 7 2008 	Your room depends on who owns in...	Even if you book through a hotel booking site, you may or may not be renting someone's time-share unit.In our case, we were renting a time-share unit, which was totally fine by us. The rate was reasonable, and the location was fine - not right on the strip, but just off. It was a studio with Murphy Bed. With the bed up, there were some cushions that formed a couch for seating 2-3 people. With the bed down, well, seating was on the bed. Room was quite small but we knew that going in - suitable for maximum 2 persons. You could squeeze 3 people on the bed and have a 4th sleep on the pile of cushions on the floor (as we did one night when a couple friends surprised us), but it's definitely not recommended (and may violate your agreement). Nice balcony with views (though view depends on what side you're on). Room was very clean and had pretty much everything you'd want for a weekend get-away: mini-fridge, small kitchenette with plates etc, full bath, TV, CD player, DVD player, radio.  On-site mini-mart had anything you might have forgotten at home, plenty of other shops nearby. Took forever to get a taxi to show up, at any time of day. Again - your experience will vary with whomever owns the room, but in general it seemed the property was well-kept.	
Mar 30 2008 	Disappointing Polo Towers	We just returned from a five night stay at Polo Towers. I thought we wre in for a treat by most of the reviews, but the hotel was a big disappointment. The first two room suite was very dirty. There was body fluid all over the couch and chair. The hotel offered to clean it for us, but we wanted another room. We were told that all rooms from the seventh floor up had been updated. This was not the case. Our second two bedroom suite had very old and broken furniture. The kitchen and bath countertops had been updated as well as the lights. That was all that we could tell that was fairly new. The view was great, but the hotel is right behind the Polynesian Village. It is loud All night. We were on a non-smoking floor so we thought we would be safe from smoke. The studio side of our suite, had the smell of cigarette smoke floating through all the time. We could not use the bed on that side and had to keep the ajoining door closed to keep out the smoke. My son had to sleep on the couch! When we checked out we asked for the front desk to call a cab and the person did not know how to do it. Finally, someone said that he would call and fifteen minutes later, we asked where the cab was. Another person told us that cabs rarely come back to this hotel unless dropping someone else off. We were told to go to Planet Hollywood Casino and grab a taxi there. We were very disappointed with our experience at this Diamond Resort and will not be back.	
Mar 27 2008	Beautiful Rooms- Center Strip	Beautiful room. Flat panel TVs in both living room and bedroom. Full kitchen was great. Full-size fridge, strove, sink, etc. Large bathroom with nice shower. Balcony and view was great. Rooftop pool was very nice with great views. I highly recommend the Polo Towers in Las Vegas.	
Mar 20 2008 	Very Good Experience	We stayed in a two-room unit that had recently been remodeled. It was clean, quiet, and very nicely updated. The staff were always incredibly accomodating and responded very quickly to our needs. We all enjoyed staying in our rooms and were pleasantly suprised at how nice everything was, and we will definitely stay there again. It's a major bargain in Vegas, and it's so close to everything. Yay for Polo Towers!	
Mar 5 2008 	Stay somewhere else!	This was the second time we stayed there and will be the last time for sure. This place is a dump. It was not maintained at all and the staff was not friendly. My friend had this as her timeshare and sold it. The villas were supposed to be new and are very run down. The furniture was broken down and the doors did not latch properly. The room as just dirty. The only nice part we found was the lobby. Most of the staff was not helpful at all. The place is in behind the Hawaiin Marketplace and is scary to get to when its dark. You have to walk down a dark alley to get to it. I would not recommend this place to anyone. The room was supposed to be non-smoking but it didn't smell like it was. They did have nice soap and shampoo's. The hairdryer didn't work either. When we go back we wont be staying here again! Don't waste your time on their timeshare deals either, those were really mis-represented. Loved Vegas, hated Polo Towers!	
Mar 5 2008 	Nice 2 BD Suite	I like to write reviews of the places we have stayed in order for others to read before booking a trip because I read TA for the same reason. We booked 3 nights-4 days at the Polo Towers using my parents timeshare. My mother was celebrating her 67th birthday. The Polo Towers are very clean and the staff were also very nice. I'm not a fan of the location but once the City Center is completed and hopefully they get rid to the 2 strip malls out front, the place would be much better. The strip malls out front attract an undesirable crowd but we just didn't let it bother us too much since we drove most of the time.We had a 2 bedroom suite which is actually a 1 bedroom suite with an attached jr. suite for the 2nd bedroom. We were given a room overlooking the strip on the 14th floor right near the elevator. (We were exciting that we didn't have to walk the south 40 from the elevator). The rooms were one of the remodeled rooms and the decor was really nice with granite counter tops, and the colors were rich golds and browns. My parents stayed in the 1 bedroom suite side and my husband and I stayed in the jr. suite side. The jr. suite side had a separate entrance, small kitchenette with microwave, coffee maker, sink, and refrigerator. Bring your own coffee as they only provide one small sampler for your coffee maker. Also we had a hugh balconey and a hugh shower. There was only one sink and with the hugh shower the bath was small. (I wouldn't recommend a long term stay in just the jr. suite since it is a little small but with the attached 1 bedroom it was a hugh apartment). The 1 bedroom suite had a full kitchen with everything including a full size refrigerator and dishwasher. All utensils, plates, cups, etc are included. They provide shuttle service to the grocery store if you don't have a car. All in all the Polo Towers were nice (didn't check out the pool areas). It was a comfortable stay and I would stay again.	
Feb 19 2008	Viva LV	We stayed, my wife and myself in the Villas, Tower III, the week of Feb1-8. We had a one bedroom villa on the ninth floor, with a living room, kitchen, and dining area which seats 4. We rented an adjoining studio, with murphy bed and mini kitchen for my brother and his wife. The combination 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit was more than large enough for the 4 of us. We watched the Super Bowl on the large screen plasma TV in the living room. Each bedroom also had TV's. Our bathroom had two vanities, a stall shower and a jacuzzi tub. The other bathroom had a walk in shower. All the counters were granite, and the tile work in the kitchen and bathrooms was definitely Tuscan in design. The adjoining halls on the 9th floor of Towers I &amp; II were being renovated while we were there. I snooped in there every day and was amazed by the amount of work they got done in a week. But, while the improvements looked good, they did not look in design like Tower III. The tile work is fine, but not fancy like in the Villas. But the improvement over the older suites is dramatic.  Polo is a short walk to Planet Hollywood (formally the Alladin), and the new Marriott shares parking with the Polo Towers. We declined an offer to tour the Marriott and go to a Polo Towers owners mtg (we recently bought this unit as a resale), and nobody bothered us for the rest of the week. We went to 3 shows: Zumanity (at New York New York) which I would skip as it didn't compare to other cirques we've been to; The Producers (at Paris) and the FabFour (at Sharara), which we both loved.The City Center being built across the street(Strip) is going to be huge!! We had a good look at it from our dining room window.	
Jan 6 2008 	Excellent Location	All in all we found our stay at the Polo Towers very pleasant - the location was excellent, a very central spot on the strip and easy access to everything. The rooms were clean and comfortable, staff very friendly and the concierge was always more than helpful. Not the best hotel if you want all the glitz and glam of Las Vegas in your hotel (this is basically just a hotel, no shops, casino or anything on the complex) but all we wanted was a room to stay in as all casinos, shops etc in the other hotels were easily accessible and most places within walking distance - if not just a short bus ride away.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great Place For Us - December 22-29	We were supposed to get a room at the Las Vegas Marriott. All rooms were booked, so they gave us a suite at Polo Towers.Check-in went smoothly and the concierge was very helpful with any information we needed.We stayed in Tower I on the 7th floor. There were six of us and it worked out great. The two rooms they gave us were connected, but they also had their own entrance, which worked out great.The kitchen came in handy. It is very expensive to eat out every meal in Las Vegas, so we kept food in the room for breakfast, lunch and snacks.Polo Towers is great when you want to get &quot;away from it all&quot;. All of the glitz of Las Vegas can be a little overwhelming, and Polo Towers allows you to come back to nice, quiet accommodations.The only downside to our suite was the carpeting. It had many stains on it in the main living room. We did have to call maintenance because our refrigerator was not working. They took care of the problem right away by giving us a new refrigerator.I would definately stay at Polo Towers again.	
Dec 16 2007 	A good quiet vacation	We stayed at the &quot;Villas at Polo Towers&quot; and were happy with our overall experience. We were never once asked to sit through any presentations, our room was very very quiet, the security is good (you need to use your room key to go up the elevators). The location can't be beat. The room was very, very clean. Our only issue would be the mattress - it seemed to be a bit worn (sagged in the middle w/o anyone even on the bed). Check in and check out were very fast. I recommend the VILLAS. I hear the suites are going to be upgraded and will also be great, but I don't know too much else about the SUITES.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great location	I stayed with three friends in a one bedroom suite. The living room had a queen murphy bed, the bedroom had a king. The decor was really nice, the room was equiped with everything we needed when we weren't out doing the Vegas stuff. The bathroom was big, two sinks, one on each side of the bathroom so plenty of room for four to spread our stuff out. The place was very clean, had a great convenience store and very helpful concierge service. You can get a cheap shuttle to and from the airport, no line when I was there!	
Nov 25 2007 	The Worst Place I've Ever Stayed	We have a Marriott timeshare, so we decided to take a trip to Las Vegas. The travel agent that helped us told us he reserved us a room at a Marriott timeshare affiliate. We called back to confirm, and realized he never reserved the room at all. So because of the short notice, we were stuck with the Polo Towers. I've never in my life stayed at such a horrible, lousy excuse for a hotel. When we checked in, they said that we had to wait to check in b/c it wasn't 4pm yet. We came back at 4:30, and they said that they can only give us one of our two rooms b/c the other room was being cleaned. They called us back and said that the maid service was actually closed and couldn't get us the 2nd room next to us (that they promised) but could put us on another floor. After about an hour of speaking with incompetent hotel employees, we finally were able to check into our 2nd room. How does the maid service close half an hour after check in time?The rooms were disgusting and old. I felt like we walked into a pastel nightmare. The &quot;design&quot;, the color scheme, the old, worn carpet...I could go on and on and on...but let's move on to the pool. Disgusting &amp; Dirty. The walls? They were way too thin, and unfortunately, we could hear our neighbors. I could go on and on and on.I wouldn't recommend it. Ever. To anyone. This is not a 3-star hotel. It's maybe at 2 stars...	
Nov 21 2007 	Perfect place to stay	Four of us stayed in a 2-bedroom suite. It was ideally set up perfectely for us. My wife brother and his wife had a totally seperate entrance with their own keys to enter from the outside hallway, and we had our own keys to enter the main suite which led us into the living room, full kitchen and the main bedroom with a king size bed and a full wash room with double sink. There was a small hall way which then took us into the second bedroom which had a small kitchenette, a very large shower and a balconey with a murphy bed.(pull down from the wall). The room was very clean, with all new furnitures and a fully equipted kitchen. We had daily light maid service (made beds, change towels, and garbage removal). On the fourth day they change all the bed linens, vacuum, wash dishes along with the other daily service.Polo Towers is ideally located on the Strip, close to everything that one would want to do in Las Vegas. Check in took no more than 5 minutes and because our room was ready we were able to go in early. The roof top pool was excellent with a hot tob and two gas Bar-B-Q which is available for your use. We prepare supper on the Bar-B-Q one evening and immediately it was cleaned by their staff. The only problem I had was the A/C fan in the main bedroom was noisy, but after informing the front desk, it was attented immediately.	
Nov 4 2007 	Villas were Fine	Polo Towers Villas were fine. We had 2 bedroom villa through timeshare exchnge. The entrance to the property was hard to find. The staff was great. Don't know anything about the suites. Didn't experience any maintenance issues. Maid service could be better. Location was great. Don't eat at the China Resturant at the Market Place Hawaiian Village. BAD FOOD and COLD FOOD. Perfect place if wanting to not be in Casino atmosphere all the time. Would Stay at this place again even though I have made better exchanges with Interval. Compare to other hotel/casinos this is not 5 star. Maybe 3/4	
Oct 24 2007 	polo towers nasty room	spent 2 weeks in a 2bdrm at polo towers last week. we have been going there every year for the past 5. this trip we had the room from hell. the previous guests used the dishwasher and flooded the carpet in the living room which stayed wet for the 1st week. broken towel rack. dirty and dusty furnishings. bathroom sink drain not working. backed up bath tub drain. dirty a/c filter which whistled. maid didnot show up 4 out of 14 days. received coffee and shampoo only twice. all these were resolved with a few phone calls. but the maids are pretty poor. the mid week cleanup/sheet change/vacuum was less than stellar. the first mid week cleanup the maid washed a dish under running water wiped dry and put in cabinet. we concluded we better wash all dishes whether we use them or not to avoid getting sick. though the furnishings were excellent maid service was not. we had a knock on the door late one afternoon. it was 2 security guys and 2 guys with spray bottles to pour chlorine in the sink drains. i thought this was very strange. we will definately go back, but we have had better stays there. other than the maids, the staff was great.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great location	This was actually the second time we had stayed at the Polo Towers. The first time was a couple of years ago and the room was perfect. This time around we had a much smaller room that has not been renovated yet. It was very clean, However the first room they put us in the toilet did not function properly nor did the cable on the TV. Called maintenance the second night. he suggested that we be moved to another room. They were very accomadating with the move and was done promptly. The next room was as clean with a nice comfy bed. The first day we were there (in second room) they did not bring clean towels. The second day they gave us clean towels but did not take dirty ones away. Nor did they take the trash out of our room. In the afternoon I went down to the customer relations to tell them about it. They said they would make a note about it. Would I stay at the Polo Towers again? You bet! Just because they have a employee that is lazy and not doing their job isn't gonna spoil the rest of the experience. Tell someone what you don't care for let them correct it and get on with enjoying YOUR vacation. It will work out.Polo Towers great location to almost everything. My favorite people at the Polo Towers - The valet group. They are great....	
Sep 22 2007	Newly renovated spacious accommodations	With another couple we stayed in a two bedroom suite. We asked for one of the newly renovated ones when we checked in (they are renovating all of them, floor by floor). The suite was beautiful and clean with a view of the strip. The kitchen was fully equipped and even had a coffee pack for the coffee maker. The dining table was next to a huge window with a view of the strip. The sofa and chairs in the living room were comfortable. We did not use the sleeper sofa, but the apt can sleep six. You can get a one bedroom studio with a comfortable Murphy bed and a microwave and small refrigerator, a one bedroom with the kitchen and dining/living room area or a two bedroom which is both bedrooms together (the apts are lockout). Each bedroom has its own bathroom.The maid service, which was supposed to be once a week, took out garbage every day and left a fresh coffee pack every day. They also gave us fresh towels. We took advantage of the free parking and rented a car, which we used to take to the supermarket and for driving around the strip. We bought our own liquor and had drinks and h'ordeuvres in the apt before we went out to dinner. We also had breakfast in the suite, saving a lot of money. There is a pool and jacuzzi on the roof. You have to pay for the wi-fi service. it is a short walk to the Aladdin and there is a nice, reasonably priced mall connected to the Aladdin where we found a fine men's store with some real bargains. There is a strip shopping center in front of the hotel with a half price ticket booth where we got tickets to shows and discount dinner tickets. We saved a lot of money staying there, but everything was first class.	
Sep 9 2007 	Okay...	Great location on the strip...within minutes walk of the Bellagio, Paris, Alladin, Monte Carlo, MGM. No restaurants on premesis, there is a convenience store with good items at descent prices. Restaurants within walking distance. The hotel itself needs renovation. Our suite was clean, but starting to look run down. No free internet. Definitely not a luxurious place to stay, but location is great. Not sure if I would return if I had a choice.	
Aug 28 2007 	Good location and value	The Suites (and Villas) at Polo Towers is a time share. I think it has the best time share location in Las Vegas. It has a Strip address and is across from the Monte Carlo and between the MGM Grand and Planet Hollywood. We exchanged in for a two bedroom with no problem, but we arrived late and there were no non-smoking, two bedroom suites left. We accepted a one bedroom for the first night and they were able to transfer to a two bedroom the next day without any problem. We were not interested in any of the trips and tours available, but we did use the concierge to book tickets for the Blue Man Group. They handled it well and we even got a complimentary seat upgrade when we arrived at the theater. There was a small convenience store that sold all the basics (no alcohol) at fair prices. There was no gambling on premises. The pool was a rooftop, 22nd floor, 3 feet deep, 20&quot;x50&quot;, family friendly (until 5:00 P.M.) affair with hot tub. There is a separate children's pool. The pool can't compare with those at some of the other resorts, but there were always lounges and cabanas available. We spent most of our time there during the days and enjoyed it. Our suite was large, clean and well-equipped. Staff was friendly and helpful. We checked out at 10:00 A.M., but our shuttle wasn't going to pick us up until 8:10 that night. There was no hospitality room, but we asked for and got courtesy keys for the pool. One problem: it has a Las Vegas Blvd. address, but it is set back a little from the Strip. If you didn't know it was there you might miss it. Access was though a deserted former food court, or down what amounted to alley ways. My wife said she would have felt a little uncomfortable entering or leaving the building alone at night. While there are newer and glitzier time shares in the area, the location means that if I &quot;trade in&quot; again, this would probably be my first choice.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Location	Great location on the strip between MGM and Planet Hollywood. Easy going environment, many resturants nearby and you can escape the casino crowds. Nice suites that need a little updating around the edges.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Location	First off, this property is located in the perfect location on the strip. We were directly across from Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile Shops. Good restaurants in that mall, and the Ocean Grill had excellent food and prices. Higher-priced but still excellent were Lombardi's and Pampas. The only negative experience was our check-in. The room had not been prepared. (This was about 11:30 pm) We said we were going out and the front desk contacted housekeeping and told them to get moving. When we came back about an hour later we were told the room was ready. Nobody had touched it. The final straw was the dirty bathroom. We were promptly moved to another room and from there on out we had no problems. The staff was friendly. The rooms need to be upgraded, but our suite was comfortable and clean and I would certainly stay there again. It isn't the Marriott, but I have no complaints.	
Aug 2 2007 	Convenient but not luxurious	The location was convenient (between the MGM Grand and Planet Hollywood and directly across from Monte Carlo), but the resort was not nearly luxurious as the time share exchange made it sound. It was a comfortable stay, but we will not return.	
Jul 1 2007 	Polo Towers was great!	My wife and I, along with our 3 year old daughter and 1 year old son just returned from a week in Las Vegas. My parents own a timeshare and we chose the Polo Towers. Vegas is a wonderful city to visit. We had a 2 bedroom condo on the 16th floor. There were no problems with the room, a little outdated, but renovations are to begin in August, floor by floor I guess.... There was a big construction project across the street which was noisy, but alot of construction in Vegas anyways... RIght across the street from Monte Carlo, location was perfect. The childrens pool was reallly nice to have, always clean, staff friendly, etc etc... Constant security, so you always felt safe even at 4 am. Had a full kitchen, with a noisy dishwasher, but that was the only problem that we had...Would definitely stay here again, easy walking distance to all the casinos on the Strip. As far as the regular rooms that they rent to the public, we had no experiences with those, but the suites were SWEET! VIVA LAS VEGAS!	
Jun 27 2007 	great location on the strip	time share exchangeThis was a great resort centrally located on the vegas strip. the concierge was very very knowledgeable, and we utilized this service frequently. there was a ton of information available on local activities, and public transportation was readily available in a variety of forms, trolley, shuttle, cabs, etc. Although there was no on site restaurant, there were plenty right outside the door! Gambling was also a short walk next door away!. The only less than impressive things were that the pool was closed while we were there, there was some noise from construction, and the room decor was a little dated with an uncomfortable pull out sofa. Overall, one of the best vacations we have had. I would stay here again!	
Jun 14 2007 	The Towers aren't luxury but they are nice	I just checked out of the Polo Towers and I already wish I was back. I had a 2bdrm overlooking the strip which was fantastic. I was really scared of staying here after reading a lot of negative reviews and I called a emailed Diamond Resorts and after finally getting someone to acknowlege my concerns I was told that the rooms were as they are on the web site and if I had any problems, they would be handled when I got there. Fortunately, I was satisfied with the accomodations that I had. The rooms were large and clean. They could use better towels and linens but that would be my biggest complaint. The staff was friendly. The rooms were cleaned everyday. The view of the Strip (if you get it) was amazing. Sometimes traffic was so bad that it was hard to enter the lot but you can use the back entrance. I have no real complaints and look forward to going back.	
Jun 9 2007 	great place to stay	Was a little worried about staying here after I read some of the reviews. But my worries were put to rest as soon as we walked through the reception.The staff were polite and helpful on check in and out.Our room was clean and very comfortable. It had everything we needed and more.The pool was great and always clean.The view from our room was great. overlooking some of the strip.We would definitley would stay here again.	
May 23 2007 	suite renovations will be lovely	Suites are under much needed renovations. Photos and sample fabrics are on display in lobby. Will be lovely and similar to that of the Villas. Security is tight (I appreciate that). If you arrive at 4:00 check in expect wait time in a line. Roof top pool and jacuz is the best it gets in Vegas, great views, strong jets, soft towels	
May 7 2007 	Yuck don't bother with this time share.	Coming to the Polo Towers from the Signature - MGM Grand was probably a bad idea because Polo Towers had a lot to live up to.My Grandfather owns a week at Polo Towers and I have used it a few times in the past with no problems. It was this trip that revieled Polo Towers age.If you would ever imagine staying at a hotel that really goes that extra mile to make sure your room is clean and orderly, make those last minute reservations, or even bring you a couple of extra towels, you've found the wrong place with Polo Towers.It really started with check-in. I was pushed aside in line by a very disturbing incoming guest. She was livid about something and didn't care about standing in line. The front desk whitness the whole thing, and didn't bother to ask her to wait for a manager, or perhaps wait in line (we all know this is not the right thing to do anyways though).Check in was a breeze. I was however very disappointed with their check-in/check-out policy being 4PM check in, 10:00 AM check out!Arriving to the room was imbarassing. Being I had some of my friends with me, I imagined they were expecting me to pull a rabbit out of a hat like I did by finding that gem Signature. Our first welcome into the room was via a paper warning sign placed on the carpet, saying &quot;please take off your shoes if they are wet&quot;. What a welcome huh?Scanning the room, you can tell the furnature needs help quick fast. The couch and armchair's apolstry needed help, the carpet was well worn, the windows dirty, th kitchen freshly mopped only to have them push the hard to reach items under the fridge. YUCK!Our bedrooms were bottom of the barrel. Both King beds were well used with large body imprints on each side. The bed spreads and sheets smelly and looking like they were pulled from the Travellodge below us. I would assume that they do not seperate the bedding fromt heir smoking and non smoking rooms as these sheets smelled of smoke very bad.The credenza in front of the bed proved warn too as the laminate on the front of one of the drawers was ripped off showing the true colors of below.On a good note, after getting a little settled in, we called down to housekeeping for two extra rollaway. I figure they would have an extra charge for these, but found that to be unture, they were free.After only waiting for maybe 5 minutes, the doorbell rang, and two rollaway beds were brought in. A funny thing about 5 minutes later, the same lady brought us two more rollways. We happily declined, letting her know that there must have been a mix up, we already have two(as I was pointing at the two we hadn't even moved out of the way yet).At check in. I had requested a room which was strip view. The room he picked out for us was a room that actually was in the corner of the capital i (Imagine one lines crossing the top and bottom of the capital letter &quot;i&quot;) shaped building. Thus, we basically shared a view of Planet Hollywood &amp; Travelodge with another balcony located about 2 feet away, can you say &quot;Awkward&quot;?All in all, I think I will pass the next time my Grandfather offers me a couple of nights at this place. I would rather pony up the additional $620 for two more nights at the Signature.	
Apr 24 2007	What a deal - the best timeshare location in Vegas	What a great Vegas experience! This was the third timeshare facility that we have have stayed in Las Vegas and the best so far! We recently purchased this timeshare site unseen- what a deal.From the moment you drive up to the moment you leave the staff is very attentative to every detail. The location of the resort is on center of the Strip. If you want to stay in a 5 star resort this is it! This the way Las Vegas experience is meant to be!	
Apr 10 2007	First visit to Polo Towers	I stayed at the Polo Towers 3/23-3/30 and was happily surprised. After reading some negative reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect. The villas were beautiful; very clean, well-maintained and comfortable. The staff was friendly and professional whenever I dealt with them. (This was a time share exchange.)I saw the Phantom (spectacular), Mama Mia (fun) and Lance Burton (unbelievable and I was seated in the front row!).I tried some restaurants I had never been to and would recommend all of them: Mesa Grill and Rao's (Caesar's), Olive's (Bellagio), Emeril's New Orleans Fish House (MGM) , Grand Lux Cafe (Venetian) and Market City Caffe (Monte Carlo). Some were a little pricey but it was my vacation and the meals were worth every penny.I played slots from Mandalay Bay to the Venetian and did well at Caesar's, MGM and Monte Carlo.This was probably one of the best vacations I've ever had: fun, relaxing, exciting. What more could I ask?	
Apr 2 2007 	Still a great place	This was our second stay. We used the properties flex time for 5 days the last week of March. The weather wasn't the greatest, but that isn't the resorts fault. Eventhough we find the units nice, we are looking forward to the upgrades. The furniture and cabinets were showing there age. Looking forward to fututre stays.	
Apr 1 2007 	Villas at Polo Towers are Top Drawer	I completed a week at the Villas of Polo Towers on 30 March and cannot think of one thing that I would change. It must be noted that the Villas and the Suites are a different ball game. The Villas are luxurious and beautifully furnished, while the Suites are older and in the process of being remodled. I found the Staff to be exceptionally friendly, courteous and helpful. I really look forward to staying there again.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good location but needs to be remodeled	This is the first time I have obtained a rental from Craigslist - paid the owner for it, called the Polo Towers to confirm my reservation, didn't think to bring my receipt from the credit card company proving payment. They told me I had been charged one night's rental on my cc yet I had been charged for two nights and had a confirmation from the owner...got that straightened out and went up to the room. Good location on the Strip but definitely needs a facelift. I found out this morning that the cabs boycott Polo Towers so plan on waiting at least 30 minutes for a cab. Staff was aware of problems but rather nonchalant about it. The cab experience was too stressful for me. Since this was our son's 21st birthday, we rented a room at the Jockey Club for him and two of his friends and had to wait for the cab to pick us up plus then had to go get them. Had a problem checking out as well - front desk staff insisted I owed for another night - finally got that straightened out. Since this was Spring Break for a lot of people, hotel rooms were expensive so I can't complain about the price, but I wouldn't stay there again.	
Mar 11 2007 	Best Birthday Ever!	My sister and I celebrated my birthday in Las Vegas Nov '06. We stayed at my timeshare Polo Towers 5 star timeshare (7 nights)which is located right on the strip within walking distance of many attractions and hotels and casinos. So we parked our cars, free at the Towers, and saved a bunch of money for transportation. My one bedroom timeshare sleeps 4 with master bedroom and sleep sofa in living room, and one bath. There is a full kithchen which comes in handy for preparing breakfast and lunch. Even though you are in Vegas with plenty of eateries around, prices are going up. Not like they once were where you could get a 5 course meal for $3.99. No more! So the kitchen comes in handy. Room was clean, comfy, good housekeeping services, and a serious home stereo theatre! The Hawaiaan Market place located in the front of Polo Towers is a bonus. Has a mini market, sovenirs store, etc. but best of all it has an open area for dining and watching the free entertainment of a live band playing carribean music from 12n to 10 at night. There were also dancers performing Hawaiaan dances.Other pluses. I bought my timeshare off of ebay which included a deed and the mortage was fully paid for, for $2999! My annual maintenance fee is $589. Where can you stay in Vegas for $589 with full kitchen, great location, free entertainmnet, and free parking? In addition, Polo Towers belongs to II excahnge company anf for a fee I can travel just about anywhere I want to go especially since Las Vegas is a hot travel commodity.I highly recommend Polo Towers for the place to stay in Las Vegas.sjones9090	
Feb 27 2007 	No Go Polo Towers	For Las Vegas, Polo Towers offers below average accomodation.The Good:Great loactionThe bad:-The main door to the bathroom had a sliding door that wouldn't shut completely. -Paint was peeling off the walls. -The staff wasn't the friendliest.-Most hotels in the area offer wireless internet acces from you room. The only internet acces offered was in the loby at the price of 10USD/hrIt was my first trip to Vegas and I stayed at a few properties while I was out there. Polo Towers was the last place I stayed. It was sub par in comparison to the rest. I felt like I was on Myrle Beach rather than Las Vegas.If you have other options then I would go for them rather than stay at Polo Towers.	
Feb 22 2007	it was o.k. but rember you are second in line as a guest the staff come 1st	You can see that they tried, but not succeded, it lacks something........not a scrap of furniure on the balcony, The rooms need a re dec. What anoyed us most &quot;YOU CAN NOT&quot; AND I REPEAT, &quot; NOT&quot; USE THE LUGGAGE CARTS TO TRANSPORT YOUR LUGGAGE. we tried twice to use the carts and were stopped by security so we struggled with 2 suitcases and 4 bags to the elevator and to the car. you had to pay someone to collect your luggage for you.it must be the only hotel in the world where you can not use the luggage carts yourself.the car park all the spaces near to the hotel elevators are reserved for staff members, the paying guests have to park furthest away from the elevators. and woe betide if you park in them you get a ticket.Be prepared for plenty of messages on your room phone every day trying to sell you something. Don't ask the concierge for anything unless you are buying something, they don't want to know.Security is 1st class god there all over the place, but beware if you want to stop and unload. they will not allow you to do so.PLEASE DON'T FORGET THE STAFF COME 1ST GUESTS ARE SECOND IN LINE.otherwise ideal location, directly set back off the strip between Mgm and the Alladin.Ask for a high floor if your at the front the smell from the indian restaurant is strong and the noise from the market place in front of the hotel can be noisy.i would stay there again if i could not get in anywhere else, we paid about $84 dollars a night.we have had cheaper and better, mark	
Jan 23 2007	WOW!! One of the best timeshare stays we have experienced.	We own a timeshare at the Villas @ Polo Towers and had our first stay the second week of January, 2007. The location is IDEAL - right on the strip and within walking distance to almost everywhere we want/need to go! The rooms are spacious, clean, beautifully maintained, and feels like a home away from home. We especially love the convenience of the kitchen, as we can prepare a meal/snack in the room if we choose to.King sized bed in large bedroom with closet, TV and safe. Living room has large screen HDTV. Every thing was very clean and new looking. Daily towel and bed service with mid week housekeeping.Exercise facilities and next door and are excellent too. Had the best timeshare experience of the last 6 years. Can't wait to return.	
Jan 8 2007 	Pleasantly suprised	Booked an owners week (arriving on 12/26 and departing on 12/31) in the villas. Since our arrival date was a Tuesday, most of the higher floors were already taken (Friday is the standard arrival date). Ended up on the second floor (non smoking) on the back side of the building. The units (2305 and 2305A) were in great shape. The furniture was well maintained, carpet was clean and the bedding (including the matresses) was very comfortable. Kitchen and bathrooms were fully stocked (dishes, utensils, towels etc...) and in good working order. Valet parking was complimentary and bell service was very prompt. My only complaint is that the smell of smoke came through the air ducts in the master bedroom. If I was more sensitive to the smell it might have been an issue.Overall, I was very impressed. After reading some of the reviews I was not sure what to expect. I would definately stay there again as well as recommend this place to family and friends.	
Nov 18 2006 	You Can Do Better In Vegas:Trust Me	This is a timeshare and exchange thru Interval. Stayed one week Oct 15-22, 2006. If you are exchanging -- there are definately better places to stay. This hotel is outdated and needs a facelift.1) Make sure to get the highest floor possible. Facing the strip is not such a good thing at this place. If you face North directly below you is the garbage dump area. Garbage pickup is done daily between 6:45-7:15AM -- They produce the loudest clunking sounds that it wakes you up, and if you want to sleep late -- forget it ! We mentioned this to their management team -- they didn't seem to care.2) You cannot actively control your own a/c unit from your thermostat. You have to call down to maintenance if you want your air turned on -- then they turn it off at their leisure. I had to call 4 times in a 4 hour time period to keep getting them to turn it on.3) It is a timeshare -- but they are not as pushy as some other timeshare resorts. They will give you a 90 minute presentation if you want for a free show or dinner. They also take you to the new Marriot Grand Chateau being built directly behind them. They have completed one tower and are building four. I would recommend trying to exchange to the Marriot Grand Chateau -- they at least have much nicer facilities and are up with the times.4) The pool is on the top floor (23rd). It is small and has a wall around the top, so you can't see much of the strip or anything for that matter. The water is always pretty chilly and is only about 3 feet deep. The hot tub is ok though. 5) You need your room key to get anywhere on the elevator, so be sure to have it with you at all times.6) The mini-mart is ok at best, no alcoholic beverages though -- and that is there downfall there.7) The fitness area is in a totally different area-- not even in the same building. It is located in the Hawaiian Market Place directly in front of Polo Towers.8) If you need a cab -- call well in advance -- cab drivers don't like to come to Polo Towers if they don't have to.9) The kids pool area is located on the North Side directly next to the garbage dump area -- it is very shady there so the water is pretty cold there all the time.I personally think that there are other places in Vegas to exchange to, that are much nicer and much more comfortable than Polo. If you should have any questions feel free to contact me directly at GarzaRx007@aol.comI will be happy to answer any questions you may have.	
Nov 13 2006 	Good location Great deal for Vegas	This is a timeshare exchange from the Palms resort in Orlando. Overall our experience is good and I don't think there is a lot more they could do to 'fix' any of the items we weren't ecstatic about. We stayed in the 'newer' Villa section which has received better reviews. I've over heard other guests mention that some of the rooms on the Suite side are newly remodeled, hopefully fixing some of the complaints elswhere. We stayed in room 7304, which I personally wouldn't recommend for two reasons - it is lower to the ground and the street noise at night reverberates between the two towers, and kept waking up 3/5ths of our party (two of us were smart enough to take Lunesta). The front desk is well aware of this problem and hands out ear plugs...thoughtful touch, but a sign they realize there is a problem. It was worse on weekend nights - the sound is from the Hawaiian Marketplace where some band or piped in music went all night long. (my wife said it was still going at 5am). The second reason to get a different room is the view - my dad at first was offered a room on the 23rd floor. It was a handicapped room which I think is why he turned it down. They beat us here from the airport otherwise I would have grabbed that room right away. The view is better, plus being a tall person I've found handicapped rooms are usually larger in size than regular rooms. Which brings me to my only real complaint - these rooms, while nicely decorated, furnished, and clean, are the smallest timeshare suites we've had, comparing with resorts in Orlando, Aruba, Cancun, southern California, New Orleans, and I'm forgetting a few. The bedroom is 'tight' with less than 2 feet between the foot of the bed and the TV dresser cabinet. The closets are small. The main living room is cramped, albeit with nice furniture and big 46&quot; flat screen tv with DVD/VCR and a stereo. When the Murphy bed is down, you have to pile all the moveable furniture in the 'dining area'. In the 2nd bedroom, it is also small with no room for anything once the Murphy bed is down. With it up, it is a nice sitting room.That being said, realizing we have a 2 bedroom unit with a full and half kitchen in Vegas for an exchange that only cost $149 for the week...I'd stay here again. Location is good - a 5 minute walk to Aladdin, 10-15 minutes to MGM, 10-15 to Monte Carlo. The kids water park area is closed (seasonal) but our 2 year would love it. We also booked another room here for the same time for my wife's employees (all in town for a convention) so the bargain is even better and they've all enjoyed the room much more than a hotel room.The bathrooms are very nice, equipped with double vanities in the master (one vanity bathrooms always get too crowded on vacation, to us anyway). There are coin operated washer/dryers on several floors (another 'downer' since most places have them included in rooms). The front desk staff and housekeeping are excellent. Any request we had was attended to promptly (more blankets, suggesting ear plugs, directions, etc.) and they were friendly and eager to help.They also offer a couple of show tickets if you take a 90 min tour of the Marriott Grand Chateau property next door. We haven't taken them up on it...yet.	
Oct 31 2006 	great location	This was a time/share exchange arranged through Interval International.After the dissapointment on arrival to learn that we were given a studio (a room with pull out bed) and no bath just a fixed shower - our swap was a one bedroom - we were offered a wonderful one bedroom suite which was excellent but had to pay extra charge but well worth it. Polo Towers was in a great location, very clean,room tidied every day,clean towels,toiletries and coffee. Security was first class felt very safe. Hope to return.	
Oct 12 2006 	GREAT TIMESHARE IN VEGAS!	This was my first visit to my timeshare at Polo Towers ( as I'd bought it over the internet) and I was very nervous after reading some of the reviews. I needn't have worried, my timeshare was on the 16th floor with a great strip view and was fabulous. The 2 bed unit was very big and very clean. The staff were very helpful and I had no problems, or cause for complaint, throughout my 10 day stay. Also, the pool was very nice and, again, very clean. I have stayed in most of the strip hotels over the years and it compares very well with the Luxor, Flamingo Hilton and Caesars Palace, except at Polo Towers you also have the added advantage of a full kitchen.I can't wait for my next visit.	
Sep 24 2006 	excelent view	this was my firsttrip to vegas and the polo towers was a beautiful and relaxing pLACE!!e to stay. I'll be returning as soon as ican save some money!!!!	
Sep 19 2006 	Good Place	Has a Vacation Owner and first time staying at the Villas of Polo Towers it was Great very clean staff member very polite would stay there again with NO PROBLEMS	
Sep 12 2006 	Go ANYWHERE else	The Polo Towers is awful. It's old. It's dirty. It's not well taken care of. (My pictures will tell the story.) I just left Las Vegas on the 11th of September, 2006 after a two day stay on the 15th floor of the Polo Towers. Forget the fact that I couldn't get into a unit until 5:00 p.m. when check-in time is at 3:00. When I finally got a room, I was appalled at it's condition. The windows looked like they hadn't been cleaned in years. There were tains on the carpet and on the sofa (I hope it was coffee). There was rust and mold buildup around the caulk and tile in the bathtub. The walls couldn't have seen paint or even a sponge in a very long time. There was dirt and grime in the corners and along the baseboards...I could go on and on. (Again, see the pictures). It was terrible. I knew when I went that I wasn't going to get a five-star resort but I was expecting something along the lines of a three to four star hotel. What I found was a Motel 6 at best. It would be great for a group of college kids who go to Vegas and spend very little time in their room and who have no real discerning standards - whose goal is to pack a lot of people into a reoom and spend as little as possible on accomodations in order to have more money for beer. Honestly, if you don't have to have a condo, for the same money, choose one of the hotels. Even Circus Circus or the Imperial Palace would beat this place.  The building is surrounded on all four sides by either a driveway or an alley. The new children's pool area was built on the north end of the building. To access this area, you have to walk through a loading dock driveway and smell the buildings dumpsters. (I have a phoo of this as well.) The smell was very unpleasent to say the least. I heard that there was a bar near the top of the building offering great views of the strip. It's been closed. The rooftop pool does not offer any great views because the walls are too high. I felt that exposure the the pool water for more than about five minutes was to risk hypothermia. I'm not trying to be unfair here. I have often come to tripadvisor to research hotels but have never written a review before. I felt strongly enough about The Polo Towers that I wanted to warn other potential renters to think otherwise. If you do go, ask for a room on the east side of the building - away from the strip. There is a complex on the west side of the building with an outdoor theater/stage where bands play until midnight on the weekends. It gets very loud on the west side of the building.	
Aug 27 2006 	Worst time share experience ever	Ok so we just came back from one of the worst time share experiences of my life time. We have traveled all over the world with our time share and I must say this was the worst ever. We arrived and checked in. About an hour later, while we were in our room, the door opened and another family came walking in, they had a key. The front desk said they made a mistake. (pretty big mistake if you ask me. What if we were not there, would our money still be there) No one ever told us about the after hours club that is located in the hotel parking lot. It opens at 4 am and the music sounds like its coming from our living room. The club is opened thursday friday and saturday. We have a small infant and went on vacation alone to get some rest. Well we got no sleep on these nights. And when you call the front desk to complain they say, sorry we know but there is nothing we can do. I understand that, but you would think someone would have wrote this in their reviews and no one did.. The front desk, bell hop and the entertainment desk acted as if we were bothering them anytime we asked a question. I tried to get tickets to a show, however the 3 girls behind the counter who were doing absolutly nothing but socializing could not find the time to help us. Forget about getting a cab from here because none of them want to be inconvenienced by traveling through the out of the way parking lot. (thats what the cab driver told us and the manager of the towers) The pool upstairs on the roof is clean but very small and only 3 feet. There is no where to get a drink or snack. My room was clean however both sinks were clogged with hair and the shower was also. It took three days for someone to remove the hair so the water would drain. Will never go back here and hope that who ever is reading this will not book this place	
Jun 7 2006	GREAT HOTEL GREAT LOCATION	Stayed in a studio at the villas tower 3,all very clean and tidy but woul of preffered a permanent bed in the room instead of pulling it out of the wall every evening but overall no complaints,very quiet despite building work nearby,shuttel to venetion and treasure island every hour free,concierge very helpfull always,pool area very busy by nine all sunbeds taken but too hot by eleven to sunbathe anyway,the towers are next to The Alladin and Mgm hotels although set back a few yards from the strip,all in all not a bad hotel,if you want away from the strip try club de soliel we stayed there last may and its not as hectic and its only 1 1/2 miles away with a shuttle bus all day.	
Jun 6 2006	Loved our stay at Polo Towers Villa	This was our first time in Vegas staying at a time share which was the courtesy of a very good friend. We cannot thank her enough as the Villa we stayed in was more than we expected. We did have both sides so sleeping the 5 of us was not a problem at all. Very spacious and every bit as charming as seen on their web site pictures. We did put the large kitchen area to use also, found it to be well-equipped. The front desk personnel were very helpful and whenever we had a request such as picking up a bag we put outside for trash they were there immediately, aided us with our Lake Mead Tour reservations (which is a must do too). The pool area was very clean and pleasant. At first we thought with the pool being shallow would be a bother but instead was a delight as there were no kids doing cannon balls, etc. Hot tub and pool very clean. The rooms were quiet, we never heard neighbors, never were we bugged to see the time share for purchase, etc. Walking out front to the strip was a stone's throw away. Felt very safe also as they do have a keycard needed to use the elevator, etc. The small store in the Polo Towers had all the little things we needed along with fair prices. Would love to go back there again next year, all 5 of us were very pleased. Thank you for making our week in Vegas enjoyable from simply a relaxing point of view that Polo Towers afforded us when our feet were tired and we needed pampering.	
May 12 2006	Hmm.... not what we expected	My friend had a timeshare there and this was the 1st time we stayed there since she purchased it, it was not at all what we expected. The room (villa) was not very big. We had numerous problems from the start. The sliding glass door did not lock and the screen did not slide, the bathroom always had a sewer smell to it. We moved twice when we were there, the 1st non-smoking room we had smelled awful. They had removed the lounge that had a view on the 19th floor and made it into offices. The towers are in behind the HawaiinMarketplace and you have to walk down an alley to get in the towers, local people cautioned us to be careful the the travellodge that is beside it was a &quot;bad area&quot;.. we did not see anything going on while we were there but there was a cruiser parked in a lot beside Polo Towers a couple times. It was not as nice as the unit we were showed when we toured the place in 2004. My friend was very disappointed and she wants to sell it, especially after seeing the other timeshares that are there. We could hear the cleaning people cleaning the other units and people partying around us. We asked for chairs to sit out on the balcony and the new laws say its a fire hazzard so you can't even sit out on the balcony.	
Apr 2 2006	Good People NOT so Clean Unit	We own a timeshare for the Suites at Polo Towers. This was our first visit in 5 years. When we arrived at midnight, check in was great!Then we went to the Suite. It was filthy. There were linens missing on the bed. So I called down and requested another room. Got the key, went to that room. I couldn't believe that things were worse in that Suite than the previous one. The Sofa/Murphy bed was broken, the floors and furniture were outrageously filthy. Got another room, it was better, but spoke with the Customer Service the next morning. Our room and furniture were cleaned and the staff was very kind. Just don't believe that should have occurred since we pay annual maintenance fees. We will not stay there again until we are assured that things are turning around.	
Feb 13 2006	It's Ok	We just got back from the Suites at The Polo Towers. They do sit back about 1/2 block from the strip. There is a small marketplace that sits in front of it. They did have kereoke and a band that played at night maybe until 12:00? We could hear it. Our unit faced the strip and the marketplace. No restaurants in the tower. There is a small store inside the tower. There are two drug stores close by with food etc... The unit it's self was on the 8th floor. We looked onto the strip however there is a lot of construction going on everywhere. We looked down at the rooftop of the marketplace. Inside the unit it is nice to have a living area, kitchen, bed and bath. My husband and I would rather have that then just a hotel room. We did get clean towels, soap, shampoo and coffee each day. They did make the bed... short of. We took a smoking room hoping that it would not smell. Wrong! It did! The king size bed was fine. We felt safe and had no problems walking to the other casino's. You do run into the people on the street trying to give you stuff and sell you timeshare's. They seem to be quite heavy in that area. We have stayed here for the last two years and would stay again.	
Dec 11 2005	Wonderfully Great!	My family took a trip to Las Vegas in October 2005 and we stayed at the Villas at Polo Towers. We were a bit afraid about how bad it will be since some of the reviews were very bad. It turned out that we love it so much. First, this is not a 5-star hotel. So you won't be expecting any glamourous decoration with huge casino and restaurants or something like that. It's just a nice simple hotel with a great location. It located right on the strip next to MGM and very close to Bellagio, just a walk away. Inside the lobby, we have a simple yet beautiful decoration of the horse and a small fountain. The reception people were very nice and helpful. For the room, we stayed in a room where there are 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 1 living room. The bedrooms are very nice. You also get a bathtub in one of the bathrooms. The living room has another murphy bed and a big sofa. For those of you who love to cook, there's also a kitchen section with a huge refrigerator, a microwave, a stove, an oven, a set of plates-cups-utensils, and a dishwasher. For your entertainment, every room has its own television with a stereo. Bring your CD if you'd like some music while staying in. I think the room is very nice, not the best room ever, but still very nice and made all of us feel like home. About the pool, it's sort of small and not really that attractive. One more thing, why would you need a great room when you should spend most of your times going out! Stay here! It's cheap and great!	
Dec 7 2005	lot of aggravation	Stayed at Polo Towers from 11/26 - 11/30. Had to check out early (were booked til 12/3) due to the fact that we got sick from the lack of heat and the inability of the maintenance staff to fix it. We were even moved to another unit, still no heat. Not worth the aggravation. Would never stay there again. Very unresponsive desk staff. Refused to believe there was a problem even though the maintenance crew was in the unit trying to fix the heat (broken compressor and switch) at the time we were leaving. We felt like we were on trial. Clerk claims to have credited us for one night (totally unacceptable to us)since we lost $700, not to mention the trip being ruined due to our becoming ill. They seriously need to get their act together if they want to sell time shares.	
Nov 21 2005	we are already booked to stay again next year	my husband and I exchanged half of our time share to get a one bedroom at the polo towers. we had booked over the internet many months in advance so I was a little nervous that there was no further contact. Once you have your confirmation e-mail that is it.we didn't need to park because my dad lives out that way and picked us up at airport...we had waivered on the need for a rental and finally decided we didn't need one...we won't get one next time either.the desk clerks were great and since it was our first time in vegas, we asked for a strip view when we checked in. they checked availability and we got one on the 11th floor. maybe this is a much nicer floor than the 15th, but we enjoyed it. granted, it was not as posh as the westgate we stayed at in orlando but definately better than an average 3 star. the location was great and we loved our view. our only real complaint was that the onsite store closed early and there are no vending machines anywhere for those soda cravings at 2:00am when you're wondering in for the night. the pool was under construction when we were there so can't comment on that, and since it was February wasn't a priority for us.bottom line: great location, nice people (we were never hassled by exchange people), and a quiet place to get away from the casinos to sleep.	
Nov 12 2005	Loved it at the Villas at Polo Towers	Just returned from a great stay at the Villas at Polo Towers. In previous visits to Las Vegas we have stayed at Aladdin and last year in Paris which was beautiful but we exchanged a week through Interval Int. to get the Villas and we have to say that we were not disappointed with the quality of the unit. Everything looked new and to have the convenience of a separate living area and kitchen as well as the bedroom was a bonus as opposed to just the hotel room. We admit to visiting the strip/casino areas for hours on end - before anyone says why do you want the extra space but it does make a difference as we have seen after years of just hotel rooms before we had timeshare. This exchange if far superior than some in europe but maybe not as luxurious as the Marriotts in Florida - if that helps. The staff were courteous and efficient and we even had towels/toiletries renewed every day which usually doesn't happen with most exchanges. The pictures shown on the website are accurate for the Villas but cannot comment on the Suites. The Villas, I believe, are much newer. Would definitely book again when we return.	
Nov 3 2005	Home away from home	This is our 2nd year staying.This year we stayed in the Villas--1 bedroom on a exchange through Interval. We had a fast speedy check-in with great service.I enjoy staying in a condo --just to get away from the crazy crowds &amp; noise of the casinos--not so my hubby-he loves the action.The unit is very tastefully decorated and everything was at hand with kitchen utilities.We only ate 2 meals out.We get tired of buffets &amp; prefer to eat more healthy food.Their is a small grocery on site--prices comparible to a grocery store-just not as much fruit &amp; veggies.This is a great location--midway on the strip.We found it nice &amp; quite despite the Marriott doing some building next door.The lounge has a great veiw but the drinks very pricy-pool small but quite.There is a barbacue to grill at the pool.I didn't find much difference between the towers or the villas--both good-villas just more updated.We had no problems with timeshare reps.They left us alone &amp; were very freindly when we met them on the elavators.We have stayed at many timeshares--our own &amp; our daughters &amp; found the Polo Towers one of the most courteous.Perhaps it not the most ellegant but friendly staff are very important to a good holiday.we were invited to breakfast 2 mornings to meet other travellers--a nice touch in a city that hosts thousands.Everything is clean and neat. Some problems with parking which is underground and safe.A shuttle will take you down to Treasure Island &amp; The Venetian next to the mall.The Mandalay Bay is across the street &amp; the Aladdin next door.This place is good for families as you can get away from the strip.It has a play area for small children.	
Oct 3 2005	The Villas at Polo Towers - Suprisingly Good!	Just returned from a week stay at the Villas at Polo Towers as a time share exchange from Interval International. I was quite worried as some of the reviews are terrible. The only thing I can think of is that those reviews are not based on the Villas (Tower III), but on the other two towers.First of all, if you don't specificially book the Villas at Polo Towers, you WILL NOT get the Villas. Villa arrivals for exchanges are on a Friday only (as far as I'm aware). We stayed in a two bedroom lock-off. The master bedroom, located just off the kitchen, is a good size with a monster of a bed. The bed wasn't the most comfortable around, but I still slept well. The sheets were supposed to be changed midway through the stay (day 4), but this didn't happen. We did skip maid service one day, so maybe we had bad timing. But, with only a week stay, I'm really not fussed about having my sheets changed. They did make the bed every day though. There is a very small balcony connected to the master bedroom. We didn't use it. Oh, also a smaller TV in here. (Small closet &amp; wardrobe/drawers in here, along with two small single drawer nightstands).The main bathroom, located off the master bedroom and also off the entry hallway, is quite large and had a jacuzzi-style bath (the ones with jets) with a shower over. Two vanity/sink areas on opposing sides. Odd thing was that there was no real towel rail, just a hook on the back of the door leading to the master bedroom. Towels were changed daily. There was a telephone in here too, next to the toilet. Can't say I used it (the telephone, that is)!The lounge was a good size, sofa was comfortable, and the table seated 4. The kitchen bar area seated an additional two. Kitchen had everything: Dishwasher, coffee maker, range, microwave, toaster (I'm sure I'm forgetting something) and service for 4. We only ate breakfast here, so it was perfect for us. TV was HUGE and had limited cable. There was also a VCR and a stereo - we didn't use either. Didn't get much of a look at the 2nd room, but there were no complaints from the occupants. It was a murphy bed (folded out from the wall) and they said it was comfy. This room also had a small fridge, coffee maker and I think a microwave. TV &amp; stereo in here, too. There was also a smaller bathroom with shower only (no bathtub). Have no idea how many sinks were in there. This room has it's own entrance (can be used as lock-off), and two additional key cards are issued.In our entire stay, we were NEVER ASKED TO ATTEND A TIMESHARE PRESENTATION by any Polo Towers staff.. Staff was courteous and attentive. A free trip to Laughlin was offered, which we declined. Yes, there are people on the strip trying to offer free shows, but we didn't chat with them to find out what we had to do to get them. If you ignore them, they leave you alone. This is not isolated to the area by the Polo Towers, this is pretty much everywhere on the strip. This is Vegas - nothing is for free. Just don't bother with them, unless you want to be pitched.Aladdin is a very short walk away. Plenty of free parking available. You can access the parking lot from the street that runs alongside of the Aladdin, so you can get to/from without driving on the strip. There is construction noise from the building working at the Marriot behind. I only really heard it once at about a quarter to 8. Polo Towers left messages on all the phones to warn (and appologise) about the construction, and what times they expected the work to be done. Free earplugs were available, but I honestly never needed them. The rooms have the noisiest air conditioning in the world. We couldn't figure out how to switch it off. It would turn on intermittantly (obviously when it got too warm) with a loud THUG. Didn't bother me once I fell asleep, though. This is my only real complain about the entire experience.Didn't use the pool, didn't even see it, so I can't comment on that. Didn't use the on-site store, either. There's a Vons, Albertsons &amp; Walmart within short driving distance. The Vons even has a Vons Club card on file for the Polo Towers. This is great for those visiting from outside the US, or for those who just don't have one.Decor was nice, room clean and comfortable, location good. I would definately stay at the Villas again.	
Sep 21 2005	Okay not great	We owned a timeshare here for several years. The last time we visited was in June of 2004. We ended up selling our timeshare in 2005 because we were not able to use it enough to justify the high yearly maintenance fees. I highly recommend if you are looking to purchase a timeshare, any timeshare, that you never ever buy straight from the developer. Only buy a timeshare on the secondary market. Very few people ever get their moneys worth if they pay the retail price.That said, Polo Towers is a pretty nice place, I would say about the equivalent of a 3 star hotel. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated, and having the refrigerator and kitchen facilities is very nice. No other hotel I have stayed at in Vegas had a refrigerator. If you are going to stay in a two bedroom unit, it is supposed to be able to sleep 6 people. However, we heard from our friends that stayed with us that the fold-out couch was very uncomfortable, so that is probably best left for kids or young adults. The king bed in the main bedroom was comfortable and definately not too hard. If you are staying in one of the studios, we saw at least 2 different kinds of beds. If you get a studio with a regular bed that will be the most comfortable. If you get a studio with the pull down bed that turns into a couch, that bed was much less comfortable. The lobby was clean and well decorated, but is pretty small. Be aware that the only onsite store is a small gift shop that has nothing but a few snacks and some souvenirs and closes early. The pool is a big negative for this hotel, it's on the roof, is very small, has only about 20 loungers and has little shade. The pool landscaping is practically non-existant, i.e. no plants, palm trees, waterfalls, etc. that seem to be a standard at most strip hotels. If you want to lounge by a decent pool, definatly do not come to Polo Towers. In 2002, we paid a special assessment fee that they were collecting in order to build a 2nd pool area that would be larger and more family oriented, leaving the roof pool for adults only. However, during our visit in June of 2004, we did not see any sign that any construction had begun on this pool. There is no on-site restaurant, room service or casino. However, next door there is a small strip mall with an indoor food court served by several fast food style booths. I think you can get food delivered from outside restaurants, but not sure how this works.This hotel is on the strip in between the MGM Grand and the Aladdin. It is about a half block set back from Las Vegas Blvd, so there is a bit of a walk to get to the street. It is about a 10 minute brisk walk to the Aladdin or Monte Carlo and even further to the MGM Grand so if you or someone you are traveling with has mobility problems or is sensitive to the heat(if you visit during summer), you don't want to stay here. Additionally, practically the entire walk to the surrounding casinos you will be approached by numerous street vendors selling tours, timeshares, etc. Also, there will be numerous people trying to push flyers into your hands. If you don't want to walk through all this just to get to the nearest casino, don't stay here. Overall, I might recommend this place if you can get a cheap rate. It is clean, comfortable, centrally located to the strip and safe. The downsides are the lack of on-site amenities and the walking distance to get to any of the big casinos. One of the reasons that we sold our unit is because we didn't want to stay here any more when we came to Vegas. There are so many better hotels on the strip and the casinos just offer so many more amenities. Every time we stayed here, we wished we were staying in one of the casinos instead because we got sick of having to walk 15 to 30 minutes just to get a decent meal and to gamble.	
Aug 22 2005	Not happy with Polo Towers	We just came back from 1 week at Polo Towers; it is not the Marriott 5-Star quality.....the pool on roof is only 3 ft and was green when we arrived. The hotel didn't know why it was green; that was very upsetting. The suites were clean but not high quality furniture and cheap formica cabinets, and did meet the Marriott standards. Then we find out that there were other Villas of upgraded quality in the Towers that we could have gotten as Marriott owners. The staff was helpful but the location of hotel was not at the best part of the strip. The shopping in front of the building was dirty and smelly and that's where the fitness center was located; not on site as stated. We would not recommend the Polo Towers.	
Aug 21 2005	Not a 5 4  or 3 Star- in the timeshare world	The positives first: Location great, kids waterpark my 5 y.o. enjoyed, ATM machine on site so you dont get raked over the coals on cash advances. Tram service (but I didnt use) No timeshare sales pressure, comfortable King bed. Staff friendly and attentive. Daily towel service. Now the bad or at least worse than expected: Outdated at least 10 years - old uncomfortable couch which was even worse as a bed, shower/bath slow drain , General bad smell- smokey in the room, alley smell outside- (go figure there is an alley right outside with dumpsters), Dirty pool, Patio off unit filthy and no chairs.Basically it served its purpose as a room with a kitchen- It just makes me Question how Interval International rated this a five star.	
Aug 13 2005	Great location on the strip but not 5 Star	My family just returned from Polo Towers in Las Vegas. We had a great time. It's easy to keep kids busy during the day hours. Lucky for us! We didn't have to spend a lot of time in our room. We traded into a two bedroom on the 15th floor from our home resort in Orlando-(major difference in 5 Star ratings) The carpets were torn, cheap furniture and kitchen fixtures, stained towels in bathrooms, and broken toilets. How can this be rated a 5 Star? All three TV's were 13 or 14 inch! There is a pool on the roof top, that is only 3 feet deep! Kids are only allowed there until 5 pm then if they are under the age of 14 they must go to the kids pool and &quot;splash park&quot; located on the second floor. Again, this is a joke. It's only for toddlers. Access to the hotel lobby and shuttle service is off the street, down an alley. Yes, it is well lit, but it is beside an open parking lot and the alley is deserted when you return to the hotel after dark. What were they thinking??? There should be covered walkway from the street. The lounge was adequate. Also, no internet access in the resort. Las Vegas was GREAT! the location was GREAT (we could actually see the fountains at the Bellagio from the balcony) but Polo Towers has alot of upgrading to do.  There is a lot of police presence on the Strip, but I felt very safe walking at night. The shops are great, because there is something for every price range, the buffets are great for families, and cabs are easy to catch. The monorails and trams are great. The Venetian is a must, the fountains at Bellagio are a must and the Rainforest cafe at MGM is great for kids.	
Jul 13 2005	OK But Not A Marriott	We traded our Marriott timeshare time for a week at Polo Towers as we love Las Vegas and knew that Polo has a great location on the Strip, without argument. However, we were angry with ourselves for not investigating further, as this was far below the quality of a Marriott facility. Our family of 5 was set up in a condo on 15th floor for 6. However, they were prepared for 4 guests: only 4 glasses, 4 plates, 4 chairs (one broken), etc. The unit was simply &quot;tired&quot; and needs to be gutted and upgraded. None of the fine touches of Marriott. No washer or dryer in unit (ones available for building not even on our floor), no garbage disposal (food scraps can get a bit pungent in Vegas as they percolate in an under-sink trash can on the 15th floor in hot Las Vegas), small tv set, burnt out light bulbs in lamps that were never replaced in spite of us leaving notes around the unit, shower faucet handle broke off in my hand, toilet only flushed about 25% of the time (classy touch), two nice balconies with view of Strip but none in entire facility had any furniture on them whatsoever and they were so filthy that we did not want to walk out on them, very tiny rooftop pool that was green, underground garage had a funky smell the entire week with rather difficult parking configurations, and, the 19th floor lounge and bar had a great view of the Strip as well, but it was so extremely smokey....even first thing in the morning that the air was intolerable to try to linger in there.Fortunately, we were thrilled to see the brand new Marriott Grand Chateau towers being built just behind Polo, and they are going to be gorgeous and top notch I'll bet. We look forward to returning to Vegas and staying there in the future instead.	
Jun 17 2005	Sneaky Salesmen	My husband and I went to Las Vegas. We also got pitched with free show tickets if we attend a &quot;no pressure&quot; presentation. We agreed. We walked through the beautiful hotel eager to hear the &quot;Affordable Prices&quot;. Once we heard how much they needed down and how much they wanted a month for our 1 week of vacation time, we refused. The sneaky salesmen sent us to &quot;get our tickets&quot;, this time we also got pitched to with &quot;come back for a one week stay to see how you like it and all the money you pay towards the vacation would count towards the down payment if you decide to buy&quot;. The sales pitch sounded awesome. We were to put $295 down and pay $100 a month for 10 months and in turn we would receive 2 vacations. One 8 day 7 night trip to Polo Towers and another 4 day 3 night to our choice. The vacations had to be used in a 2 years. We assumed that would be absolutly no problem. We gave our card to the gentleman for the down payment and he came back and said &quot;You have over $3000.00 in your account, why did you say you couldn't afford the offer. I was appalled and that should have been my first hint at what kind of business techniques these people had. Over the next ten months we were paying off our vacation and yes a few months it was late. Well the last month fell in the middle of December and having three girls EVERY payment that month was late. Well because they had already received all of our payments they decided to enforce a &quot;late payment means forfeiting of all monies and the contract is void rule&quot;. How convienient that they only stated this after receiving almost all the money. I was livid!!! I called to take care of this for once. They said they cannot refund the money but they would give me my vacation (as a favor to me). When I asked about the other one they said you had 18 months to fulfill both meaning 8 months left to try and arrange for both vacations HOW IMPOSSIBLE IS THAT!! I will get some of my money's worth by taking one vacation. But we are supposed to listen to another sales pitch and my complete attitude is ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND???	
May 25 2005	Great Value!	Very clean, nice staff. Free parking self and valet. Has a wonderful location, close to action, but very quiet and relaxing. Would stay again for the price!!	
Apr 12 2005 	Great location and good rates	The Polo Towers is conveniently located in the heart of the strip. You are very close to Aladdin, Paris, Bellagio, and MGM. The rates were the best we could find for the strip, just under $100 a night. The decor is ordinary but it does the job. We stayed in a studio and it had a mini fridge and microwave -- very convenient.	
Apr 8 2005	Will stay again at the Polo Towers!	Was a bit worried after I read the reviews, but was pleasantly surprised! We stayed for one week, we were in Vegas from Canada to get married and double booked for 2 nights at the MGM (also highly recommend).-1 BR suite very clean, spacious and full, modern kitchen (only 4 each of plates, glasses etc though. -Location is awesome, very central.-We were not bothered at all to attend sales presentation, asked once upon check-in and that was it.-Check-in is 4pm, we arrived at 8am and asked for early check-in, no problem, got us in right away.-Bell staff and concierge very friendly.-Housekeeping tidied up and brought fresh towels daily.A few problems:-Construction noise bothersome.-TV/cable never seemed to work right.-Late-night operators VERY rude.-Rooftop pool isn't great, only 3 ft deep, but we never used it anyway.Overall, a great stay. The problems we encountered were minimal in the grand scheme of things. We will stay there again.	
Apr 5 2005	Great Location!	Just got back from Vegas and the Polo Towers. We had a great stay. The place was very clean, spacious and in a great location. There were 7 of us in a two bedroom suite with plenty of space. We loved having the kitchen as we could prepare breakfast and pre-drink before going out for the night. We had a partial strip view, and could see parts of the Bellagio fountain show from the windows and balcony. I was very satisfied with my time there. For the price and location, I don't think you can beat it. Not as exciting and action-packed as the other theme hotels on the strip, but we didn't spend too much time in the room anyways. Great for large groups looking for a cheap alternative right in the middle of all the action. If a young crowd is important to you, this probably isn't the place. We are all in our late 20's, but were pretty much content being the only ones there in that age bracket. Walking around the hotel and lounging at the pool we noticed mostly families and older couples. But, like I said, we spent most of our time exploring Vegas anyways!	
Apr 5 2005	Great Location...Hotel itself not up to 5 star Quality	Polo Towers is in an excellent location, directly in the center of the strip. Closest Casino is the alladin, across the street. The rooms in the Polo Towers were very plain and could use sprucing up. Interval Int'l gives this hotel a 5 star rating, it must be for the location! The new Marriott timeshare is currenlty being built directly behind Polo Towers. The new Marriott looks beautiful. I probably would not stay in Polo Towers again. I will either wait until the Marriott is completed or stay in one of the Mega Casino Resorts next time!!!	
Mar 21 2005	Convenient nothing fancy.	Spent two weekend nights at Polo Towers. Rooms are nice and spacious, nothing fancy. Very convenient for walking to Monte Carlo or Paris. bit of a hike to get to the Venetian. Parking's limited but close by. If you forget something in your car it's not a big deal to go retrieve it like at a larger resort.Very quiet. Never got a phone call or solicitation for a timeshare presentation. Amenities are limited, no restaurant or casino. Small shop on ground floor has basic food and travel items at reasonable prices.Suite on 15th floor had a full kitchen, pretty good view of the Strip. Some construction noise on Saturday morning.	
Mar 16 2005	Nice Timeshare Experience Needs more Amenities	Just got back from a 3 night stay in a friend's timeshare (an exchange with Flagstaff) at Polo Towers. We were 5 women in our 30's for a weekend getaway and a great time was had by all. Polo Towers is a good place to stay and our two bedroom suite was ample in size, very comfortable and had an amazing view of the Strip (and two balconies). Great location. We only paid a $40/day upgrade for the two bedroom which was fantastic .On to the review:Rooms: spacious, comfortable beds, furniture, not my style, by in great condition and ample.Bathrooms: spacious, big stand up showers, good water pressure. Showerheads might be a little low for guys/gals over 5' 8&quot;. Plenty of towels delivered each day. Housekeeping: We didn't have housekeeping b/c we were utilizing the time share. However we needed extra blankets and they were there within minutes of the call. Every morning we got a wake up call and fresh towels and wash cloths.Kitchen: amazing to have a full size fridge and cabinets. A little light on the dishes/glasses and other kitchen items. One hand towel. Ice maker worked great.Staff: No problems except for one timeshare guy who, after we had all been handed off by the sales guy/tour guide (thanks Josh, no pressure, good info, got me thinking) gave us the final hard sell before we got the free txt to the Rat Pack Tribute (good show at the Greek Aisle, which used to be the Debbie Reynolds, CHEESY CHEESY hotel and casino. But remarkable show, RECOMMEND). Concierge at Polo Towers helpful, bartendar in the Hush Lounge wonderful.Rooftop Pool: Eh. Double Eh. The Day we arrived it was nearly 80 degrees and we were looking forward to lounging around the pool and having some fruity cocktails. Were we in for a shock. The pool (which is only 3 feet deep but was refreshing) was packed with people including several families with babies and small children. Exactly what we came to Vegas to get away from. Signs say no food or beverages in the area of the pool and there were limited numbers of loungers. Everything was clean and there were lots of towels. I didn't see a single staffer or employee in the area.Overall good rating. There is no restaurant in the hotel and no rooom service, but an outside menu for deliveries. A convenience store on-site for snacks etc., and a short walk to corner shops for necessities. Would stay there again if my friend got her timeshare -- would not pay what would probably be over $300-$325 a night for the 2 bedroom suite. Would stay at one of the larger hotels with a casino and great pool.	
Mar 13 2005	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at the Polo Towers for one week. We rented a two bedroom condo. The condo was a smoking condo but you would never know it. Everything was very clean. They only change the sheets once during the week but that was fine. The extra bedroom had it's own private bath, refrigerator, microwave, coffeemaker, tv and balcony. We were only asked upon arrival if we would like to see a presentation for a new complex going up they are affiliated with. We said no and that was it for any pressure put on us to see their presentation. On the street and other hotels/casinos, you are asked constantly if you want free tickets for shows. Some people can get obnoxious when you say no. My advice, say you're leaving that day and they stop bugging you immediately. I would definitely stay at Polo Towers again. It is at a great spot on the strip and a very elegant place to stay.	
Feb 17 2005	I would stay there again	We stayed there just last week (Feb. 6 - Feb.13). Its a far cry from the Venetian in terms of decor, but it's 50 yards from the strip, and right in the middle of everything (MGM, New York New York, etc). We had the 2 bedroom suite with full kitchen. Very clean, the staff was great, and did I mention that its 50 yards from the strip?? We will stay there again the next time we visit.	
Jan 22 2005	Poor signage	The Polo Towers is a nice place to stay, but it is difficult to figure out where to park unless you park outside. Also once you are in the hotel, it is difficult to find your way around. The suites are nice...but I had to wonder if it was worth the money because we spend most of our time walking around and doing things outside of the hotel. I would not go back..we also spent three nights at the San Remo and found it to be a great hotel. ( the twenty dollar trick worked...great room on the 16th floor. I would highly recomend this place for the money it can't be beat.	
Jan 12 2005	Great place to own and stay at in Vegas	I own two time shares. Polo Towers is an an excellent timeshare to own. The staff has always been kind and courteous. The &quot;hotel&quot; immaculate. Located in the center of strip - makes this location extremely convenient to all the casino's. Making reservations is easy and convenient. The rooms are just like the pictures. Most of us have had the experience of seeing a sample of a hotel's rooms - and then find out we get a dump. This is not the case at Polo Towers. For anyone looking to own a time share - this is the place to own.We have not had the same experience with our other time share - Med Resorts.	
Nov 3 2004	Polo Motel From Hell	Upon entry we noticed many problems with the cleaning from the previous guests. Seems as if they rushed to get the place ready on time and missed quite a few spots including the bathrooms.Turning off the hot water for several hours without proper notice was completely unacceptable nor did they find the need to apologize after calling one truly rude rep downstairs for explaination and when it would be restored.Then for two days we had construction on the floor above us which would be ok with us if it didn't start at 6:00am. Offering to move us was too much of a hassle we asked if starting at 9:00am would be better than 6:00am which was ignored.Having to troubleshoot your own audio/video problem with the television equiptment only because the repairman was more concerned with his teenage daughter standing outside our door trying to sneak over to the casino to meet older men.I will not return!	
Oct 10 2004	Beautiful	We purchased our 2 bedroom time-share in 4/03. Looking forward to staying there in 04, we were disappointed it was not yet ready. (We had purchased on a floor not yet ready for occupancy). Although the yearly fee does hurt, when I consider what it would cost to furnish a vacation place plus the upkeep it makes it worth it to us. I work Sun-Thur &amp; my husband Sun-Fri and having this it makes the trip worth the money. We just need to allow for it in our monthly spending!We also love being with Interval International. When we found that we were unable to stay at Polo Towers, (they called apologizing for the change and refunded our yearly maintenance fee) we found another Condo to rent at $125 for a week (the room posted at $1500/week).We are looking forward to staying at &quot;our place&quot; at Polo Towers next year and enjoying the many offerings surrounding it.The most important thing is that we can turn it over to our children when we are no longer able to travel as well as share it with them in the meantime. Thanks for making such a lovely facility so affordable and friendly.	
Oct 7 2004	great time at the polo towers	just got back from a week at the polo towers, excellent hotel, friendly and helpful staff, brilliant location just next to mgm but very quiet at night. the room was lovely, cant fault it, shall be going back again soon hopefully, definately recommend it.the rooftop pool was not very big but big enough to get wet which is all you really need.	
Sep 26 2004	just got back from a week at las vegas polo towers	We just got back from a one week stay in a one bedroom condo overlooking the strip. We were never bothered by sales people and encountered nice friendly staff and people during our stay. Loved the location and the great side trips the staff planned for us. look forward to staying there again.	
Aug 19 2004	Phone Service- Beware	Polo Towers uses a phone service provider called custom teleconnect, a clearing house called zero plus dialing.To make a long story short, DO NOT MAKE LONG DISTANCE CALLS FROM THE HOTEL PHONE. Even if you have a calling card.They will bill your home phone up to $6.00 /minute.A word to the wise.	
Jul 28 2004	It all depends on your priorities.......	I stayed at Polo Towers from 7/4 to 7/11 in a one bedroom with my son (8) and sister inlaw using the sofa bed and a roll away bed (free!) A bit crowded, but reasonably clean and well furnished with no real problems. If you are looking for LUXURY then stay at Mandalay bay or a BIG RESORT. If you are looking for a quiet and very very convenient place then this is it. The CONS: pool is small at only 3 ft. deep all over, but if you have a 4-9 year old it is perfect and no worry about the dreaded DEEP END! No restaurant but all kinds of food choices very nearby and a well stocked convemience store with low cvarb snacks. No Casino...good lord everytime you walk to the closest, the Alladin, you save $20! The best feature? The free, fast, couteous VALET parking! When you are out all day and exhausted it is really nice to drive up and leave the car right at the door without walking miles to the elevators! This one feature more than made up for any other shortcomings! If I was out with the girls for a long weekend I would choose a big Casino resort, but for a family group it was pretty good! I would consider it again.......	
Jul 26 2004	not all that	the breakdown cost per night could get you a fab suite anywhere on the strip.....why not do that instead of being locked into staying at the same ole place every time you come to vegas?? Thats my thought,, take my advice and pass on that week sampler crap they offer,, my mom fell for it, I think she just bought to get the hell out of the high pressure enviromment,, it's been over a year and we have not been able to use all the nights,, I've been to Vegas 5 times since she bought this crap and only stayed at Polo once,, all of my other requests were denied because the property was full...yea sure... also the &quot;week&quot; is truly a week not 6 nights,,, if you use your fri or sat,,,the only thing left are weeknights....like I said,, you can get a fab suite on the strip for this cost,,,esp during the week.	
Jul 10 2004	Truly enjoyed our stay at Polo Tower Suites	I had the good fortune of joining my sister and her husband for a one week stay at the Polo Tower Suites. We all thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The location is convenient to everything, the suites are large, well decorated and spotless. The employees friendly and helpful. Nothing but good things to report. Already planning our next trip and will definitely stay at Polo Towers.	
Jun 15 2004	Owners and loving it	We bought three years ago at Polo Towers and a year later upgraded to the Villas. We love the location, the look of the property, the roomy suites, the beautiful pool, and, because we love visiting Vegas annually, we feel like Polo is our home away from home. Some staff members are excellent - remember their names and ask for them. We feel safe, welcome and relaxed everytime we visit. Yes, it's a time share, and similar to the rest, but with a great location - on the strip. We look forward to many happy visits.	
Jun 13 2004	Las vegas holiday	I was offered to stay for a week at Polo Towers by a friend whos daughter was getting married in The Paris Las Vegas, and they stayed with their daughter in the Paris, this didnt have a patch on the luxury of Polo Towers, the staff are very helpfull and I thoroughly enjoyed my week in Las Vegas staying in the Polo Towers. I highly recommend the accomodation as being first class.	
May 28 2004	Difficult to reserve a room	As beautiful as Polo Towers is, the only other benefit Polo Towers offers is their location. BUT it is a task to reserve a week, specially when it falls outside of your alloted time. I have tried to stay there at least 4 times within the past two years, and there is never any availablity. This particular trip, I asked for a week more than 60 days in advance and have waited on hold for 45 minutes to only find out they have NO ROOMS. 	
May 18 2004	Very classy place	I noticed that most of these reviews are from adult individuals or couples. I can offer the point of view from an 18 year old. I just came back from my trip to Las Vegas, where I stayed at the Polo Towers on the Strip. I went with my family, where my mother and her husband had purchased two bedrooms last year while at a time share presentation. They were offered only this week as a one time deal. This year, they bought a time share at the presentation. My experience at the Polo Towers was pleasant. It is in a wonderful location..right beside the MGM Grand, and in front of the Monte Carlo and New York, New York. It's right on the strip, so it is very convenient when one wants to tour the sites. The rooms were very clean, and we had a great view of the Strip from our balcony and windows. They proclaim that they decorate in a Venetian style, but I didn't really get that impression, it was more just classy than anything. The entrance is quite impressive, with marble floors, a piano playing, and a big monument of horses. All in all, it was very nice, and the people were very welcoming and warm. The only drawback is the pool on the roof, it's only 3 feet deep. My brother (who is 14 yrs old) and I were a bit dissapointed. They do have a nice hot tub sauna though, and these wonderful places to lounge that looked like beds. I would recommend the Polo Towers to anybody who likes quiet luxury and the sound of casinos ommited from their sleep. That was a definite plus!	
May 18 2004	Just bought over the weekend....	We just bought a 2 bedroom timeshare at the Polo Towers over the weekend, and I couldn't be happier. We were drawn in by the free Lance Burton tickets and the fact that my husband and I enjoy touring properties anyway. I was not prepared to fall in love. I don't tend to be easily impressed by sales people, or hotel rooms in general, but I was very pleased at the many ammenities The Polo Towers had to offer, and the fact that they are located in a prime location on the strip. The salesman and his manager were more than cordial to us, and since the presentation cut into both our breakfast and lunch, the manager happily passed his chicken strips and french fries our way. My husband, who is pretty conservative when it comes to money, and is prone to buyers remorse over a pack of gum, is equally happy with our purchase. The biggest selling point for us was the flexibility in the financing and payments. We were able to put only 10% down at signing, 40% due on July 1st, and 12 months of payments that are just $100 per month without any finance charges. We can't wait for our first vacation at The Polo Towers!	
May 17 2004	Wonderful People and Beautiful Place	We went to Vegas on a company trip. We were approched by a sales lady wanting to know if we would be in town the next day, and if so, would we be interested in touring the Polo Towers. We went the next day for our tour and had a wonderful sales lady. She was very sweet and informative. Unfortunalty, we were unable to buy the timeshare at this moment. Our Sales rep was very understanding and gave us no hassles. I wish we could have afforeded to buy! She only asked us once and when we said no, she sent over to get her boss, who asked us again one time. We went over a few questions and we were taken out to get our gifts for attending the tour. I think they all did a great job. Again, we wish we could have bought, it was a maginficent place. We were treated very respectfully!	
May 2 2004	Beware the sales people!	I'm an &quot;owner&quot; of a timeshare unit at the Polo which I get to visit every 4 years but only after paying a $500 home owners association fee each time on top of the sale price. No room service but there is a crapy substitute service that won't find your room till food is nice &amp; cold; and don't dirty sheets or you have to pay - they only change them every third day. The pool is cool if you like checking out the 80 year olds in bikini's. Not 24 hours like the casinos.	
May 2 2004	My strong advice - Do not waste your time at Polo Towers!!!	Last year my wife and I visited LV for the first time and attended the Polo Towers promo after being offered free show tickets. So, we went to to the presentation. VERY high pressure to make a decision NOW NOW NOW!! Typical salesman tactics of writing lots of numbers on a blank sheet of paper, crossing those numbers out and replacing them with lower numbers, drawing arrows, circling numbers, etc. etc. By the time they get done, you don't know which way is up, which is a shame because you think that they might actually have a decent product to sell, but they cover it up with so much horse**** number-crunching that you can't believe a word they say (which we pretty much knew at the outset). In any case, my wife and I explained that we never make snap decisions involving that much money, so at the very end they offered us a &quot;sampler&quot; package. According to them, we would prepay $795 and get a week in one of their newly built Polo Villas, which were the units hey were offering during the presentation. Keep in mind that that the new addition to Polo Towers are the Villas and are sunstamtially different than the much older Polo Tower 1 and Polo Tower 2 units. I should mention that they expressly stated that our one-week sampler would be in the new units, so that we could experience them ourselves firsthand, the idea being that we would enjoy them so much that we would jump at the chance to become owners. That was February 2003. In December 2003, we received a call from PT asking if we would like to schedule our sampler week. We agreed and picked the last week of April 2004. We specifically asked for a non-smoking unit. Well, we just returned from our one-week vacation and I have to say these guys are the biggest bunch of liars on the planet! First, when we check in, we are assigned a unit in Polo Tower 1, NOT the Polo Villas as WE HAD BEEN PROMISED! Second, our unit was a smoking unit, which meant than our room smelled like a bar when we returned every night from the guests smoking on either side of us. This was particularly lovely since we had our 7-month old baby with us. Finally, our unit had multiple problems, including the AC not working properly, to the point that I had it turned all the way down and it was still warm at night, the TV remotes not working, the door spring being non-functional, which meant that it continually slammed shut on us, the door lock not fully engaging unless pushed very hard, the carpet full of stains, etc., etc. When we went on our &quot;update&quot; presentation, the salesman ackowledged that we were supposed to have been in the Villas, but that an unexplained &quot;snafu&quot; had occurred. When I later complained to the head of customer relations (Jon Graff), he gave a concerned look and stated he would be in touch that day. Nothing that day nor the next. I left a message on his voice mail and still never heard back from him. Needless to say we turned down the onwership offer. It is fairly apparent that these guys will tell you anything to get you to sign on the dotted line, and then follow through on any of their promises.	
Apr 28 2004	touch of home during vacation!	We have been owners for 6 years. We've made it to Polo Towers for about 4 out of the 6. The other years, I have just sold the weeks to co-workers.I love the space. Having a livingroom to spend time in is really pleasant even if it's just me and my husband visiting. The full service kitchen is so handy. Nothing like the comfort and freedom of home while on vacation. We've even traded our week for another week at the same place! Unfortunately our new jobs and larger family have reduced the amount of time we go to Vegas. If you'd like to purchase this from us, we'll give you a great deal. Reply to the email address shown.	
Apr 9 2004	Waste of time prizes not worth it	DON'T fall for it...If someone by a busy location offers you free show tickets, half price tickets, free dinners, etc... DON'T take it!! It's totally not worth your time.At the presentation, they sit with you one-on-one. They made small talk - and try to be friendly. They are trying to sell you a time share at the Polo towers. I ask them for the price... and they wouldn't tell me ... Finally, they agreed it would cost around $15,000 - but they can lower the price with the Manager's approval. My answer was &quot;No&quot;. That's a big decision to make in 1 hour - and I need to think about it. She kept pressuring me - &quot;what's there to think about?&quot; I simply said &quot;NO&quot; again. Then, she just got MAD and said I was wasting her and my time, and that I don't have an open mind. Well girl, sorry - when you get mad, vocal, and tried to make me guilty for not buying, that tells me - I made the right decision.We got a &quot;romance package&quot; from the venetian hotel - gondola ride, wax museum, and lunch at zefforinis. Gondolas and museum was okay. Lunch at Zefforinos SUCK! poor service and poor food. Once the waiter found out we had a free lunch coupon, he said &quot;oh&quot;.... and stopped giving us service. Don't eat at Zefforinos.Anyways, the prizes are not worth the time and effort. I wish I hadn't taken up on the offer. They just made me ANGRY! NOT WOrth it!!!!!	
Mar 23 2004	Information they give you broken down....	Here is the information they give you broken down so you can make your own analysis:Studio or 1 bedroom offered ($24,000 &amp; $28,000 with a &quot;BUY IT NOW Discount of 3,000-8,000 off with more room to &quot;bargain&quot; possible but unlikely) with a true cost closer to $10,000... This was what I was told when I did the &quot;tour&quot; in March of 2004.Now, on top of this you have a yearly fee for (maintenance, taxes, staff, etc) This fee varies depending on the style (studio $595 / 1 bedroom $895) and is paid every year by you...So, using the information that I was given this is how it breaks down (with the &quot;discount&quot; they gave me to try to make me buy):1 bedroom $21,000 with yearly fees of $895 (note: this does not include the other fees to be able to trade your share with others or to participate actively with their other timeshare properties)So, let's assume you will vacation for the next 10 years and want to do it in Las Vegas...21,000 + (8950 = 895*10) = 29,950 for 10 years 2,950 each year or 421.43 each day for seven daysNow, the room is nice and the location is good BUT 421.43 is very high to be locked into for a week in Vegas that you have to bid for...Even at 20 years the yearly/day cost is still high at $1945/$277 year/day...Not to mention the fact of being tied to a bidding system.Now, if you just KNOW when you will be in Vegas to vacation and can buy that week then this might be worth your time, otherwise, just book a good hotel or buy property...Especially since you can't receive any hard information directly from them and if you ask to review some then they will &quot;allow&quot; you to do so but only on site at the time of your &quot;tour&quot;I don't know about you but if I can't review a major purchase overnight and I'm denied any written documentation but only asked to &quot;trust&quot; some total stranger that he or she will act in my best interest---??? I WALK AWAY...Others may feel different but I prefer to gamble with at least a good understanding of the game before jumping blindly in....Hope this helps....joseph_ut@hotmail.com	
Mar 23 2004	Very disturbing while trying to relaxe...	We recently stayed at Polo Towers and had my sister stay with us for an relaxing week but all we got were interruption after interruptions, we tried to go to the pool for a nice start of the day and here comes the sales people walking thru one after another VERY bothersome. We felt like animals on display.. To get our rooms settled we were told we could not have the studio along with our room, which is ours to begin with, after the run around a miracle the room was available. Why is it you are promised everything in the beginning and then you can't even get a room when you want or how you want it. The rooms have been promised to be remodeled but they have only changed faucets which fell apart when I went to take a shower. Rooms are a mess if this is what my maintenence is for I can't see any improvement! I want to know how you would be willing to help me explain to my sister why WE would buy into such a place like Polo Towers where they could care less about the owners Every year the maintenence fees go up and still no improvments. Well to say the least we did not have a nice week at all... The kitchen was not stocked with pots,dishes were missing etc. Flowers were disgusting it would have been better to go without. We wanted to show my sister how nice it was at Polo but we all were very disappointed.	
Mar 6 2004	Very enjoyable!	Our visit was above our expectations. We were thrilled to find it in the middle and right on the strip. No need to have a car if you want to stay in that area. We were in the newer tower and had a beautiful view of the strip. They even have a mini-mart for necessities. Everything was very clean and the staff did everythingthey could to accomodate our needs. We will definitely return.	
Feb 18 2004	dont be like me	I am a pretty ordinary guy with an ordinary family making a modest living.One year we were on our way to disneyland in california and I couldnt resist the urge to stop in las vegas. We were taking in the sights ,walking down the strip,looking at all the lights,activity,etc.,when we were confronted by a nice lady who asked if we were interested in some free magic show tickets.Our first mistake was to say YES.After they took $20 from us(this was a refundable deposit if we showed up to sit in on a 1 hour to 1.5 hour presentation), we showed up the next day anxious to get our tickets and enjoy the rest of our time in vegas.3 hours later I was talked into signing all kinds of paperwork so that we could spend the next 15 years paying for a timeshare.Man was I stupid. 2.5 years later I am still kicking myself for agreeing to this. rd lesson learned, right? Well since we have been paying all this money to polo towers , we decided to actually spend a weekend to see if this place actually was made to be what they claim it to be.So we went.When we got there we checked in. I was excited to see what our room would look like. The room was ok.It looked like it hadnt been used in awhile.It had a kitchen with a stove , fridge,dishwasher,a big screen tv.The tub was small.The stereo couldnt pick up any radio stations.The thermostat was controlled so I couldnt cool off,so we had to open the balcony door.The view from our balcony was a multilevel parking lot(not a view of the strip like they tell you) and the state of the art security that supposedly surrounded the facility was a man with afunny looking helmet on ,riding a 10 speed around the building.We came in and out as we pleased.No one ever questioned us.Needless to say I wasnt impressed. My point is , if we're going to pay this kind of money then Iexpect to get what I pay for and obviously I'm not.	
Feb 13 2004	Recently puchased a studio	I recently purchased my first time share at Polo Towers. I knw I probably paid more then on the resell market, but Polo Towers will finance anyone and my credit is less than perfect. I have no doubt it will be a wonderful experience. Our salesperson Maghan was great for putting up with my antics and my wife who had a bad day at the slots and was not in the best mood.George Waring	
Feb 10 2004	Don't waste your time!!!	My husband and I went to Vegas for our first time and were CONSTANTLY hounded on the street for free tickets. Well of course nothing is free and we had to sit thru a 2 hour presentation on Polo Towers and were told repeatedly up front that we would not be pressured into buying. That could not have been further from the truth!! After the presentation we told them we we not interested (we only did this for the free show tickets and buffet). Then they tell you a different plan and price and again we say no and again the price gets lower. The saleman was VERY rude, would not take no for an answer, and finally got up and walked away after I bluntly told him we were only there for the free stuff. This place is a rip off anyways. The more you say &quot;no&quot; the cheaper the price got-started at $20,000 and was less $10,000 before we left. DON'T BE A SUCKER!! They claim they sell so many of these and the place is almost sold out but they sure do pressure you enough that you would think they can't sell anything!! Then the free show was supposed to include two free drinks per ticket, which was a lie because we were refused drink coupons when we went to get our tickets.	
Feb 9 2004	time away from reality	we use to live in L.A. yes they snatched us up off the strip and we had a show and a meal and a limo ride and a future free 4 days. the salesman we had was the right one for us i've done sales and a salesman loves to be sold we bought in 1994 i believe .we have a two bedroom 15th floor facing the strip point blank we spent alot of money on this so i need to beat the inflation rate over the years to come .one thing for sure when i stair off the balcony out those windows i am glad i've purchased. yes the sales staff has changed and they wanted us to upgrade to the villas and this was not a good experience but separate the sales and enjoy the towers i am very relaxed there p.s. we live in florida and don't get to las vegas every year we have time available to rent to anyone who is interested for 50% of what the towers charges . based on space availability we would like to rent our time out to interested parties i like being able to go to the casinos and get away from them when i'm done.	
Feb 6 2004	Well spent three hours plus free tickets	When you get ino this type of sale pitch, always remember to be tough, don't make a emotional commitment that you will regret as you walk out, and thus ruin your whole vocation. Think about it, any developer who make such great effort to suck you in would make a LOT of money from you (the free tickets, shuttles, salepeople and managers time and other packages cost hundreds of dolloars). We were offered for $11000 to own 1/52 piece of the tiny studio. Think about it a tiny studio is sold at over half million dolloars, plus they generate $250 from each owners for management fee as well as processing fee when you make reservation to stay at your own room. Sure you can buy vocations at other destinations, but I heard you have make reservation well in advance. Even for people who will take full advantages of the timeshare, they can buy at a cheaper price from realtors. Overall I learn a lot during the three hours and enjoyed the free shows and dinners. They brought in several high ranking managers and tried the pressure selling, we managed to end the discussion professionally with no hard feelings (at least seem to be the case)	
Feb 6 2004	Ignore the harshness	Me and a group of friends have stayed at Polo Towers for two consecutive years now and have found it a great place to stay. Fair enough, it is a timeshare resort and to get a free game of golf at a top course, we did have to sit and listen to some cowboy selling us the place, but you soon forget about that when sat drinking a cool beer at the 19th before heading off out for a top night in one of the many excellent night spots Vegas has to offer. The apartments are fine and pool excellent, whilst the upstairs bar has to be one of Vegas' best kept secrets. Finally, it's a stones throw from all of the best attractions Vegas has to offer and the girls we met loved the apartments, which needless to say, we took advantage of!!!!	
Feb 3 2004	Unfair Shake...	My experience at Polo Towers was similar to some others. My husband and I were on our honeymoon when we visited Polo Towers. We knew beforehand that we were going to be touring timeshare property and receiving the sales pitch. We were not prepared for the enormous pressure to buy. But, we really liked what we saw and felt that it would be a good investment since we both love to travel. The sales staff worked with us to make it affordable. So without much thought, we plunged in and signed on the dotted line. I must also say that no one was ever rude to us. As a matter of fact, the entire staff was very accomodating. We observed that with other pleasant couples who were not interested in buying. I think that as with anything else, the attitude is that of the individual sales person and should not be assigned to Diamond Resorts or Polo Towers as a whole. Since entering into this contract with Polo Towers, we have been most satisfied with the service that we've received. As someone said in an earlier review, nothing is ever free If you want the tickets, free dinner, etc., that is offered, please do not complain about the time spent at Polo Towers. Because for some of us, it was time well spent. We are looking forward to a long and fruitful association with Polo Towers.	
Jan 20 2004	Viva Las Vegas - Viva Villas at Polo Towers	I read all these stories and like another Polo Tower owner said! If you come here just for the free tickets then you are just wasting our sale people s time and your time. We bought in 2000 and prior that, I and my gorgeous wife have gone to other time shares presentations before, but never decided to buy anywhere until we went to the one at Polo Towers, We always said No before and always were treat nice and polite by saying no.We are a Latino Couple that has class and appreciate the fine things in life and we always present our self s very professional at these presentations and always seems to work for Us with our charm. We love to travel and we have the Money to do it. Some have it and some don't.When we went to our presentation at Polo Towers we were convinced to buy one, way before the sale person sat us down with us. We decided to purchase it. Our sales person always treated us with all the respect that since the beginning. We bought into a 1 bed room and we bought it in cash. A year later we up graded to the 2 bed room. And we made $2000 profit for selling them back our 1 bedroom suite.Our experience with Polo Towers is that they always treat us like royals. Limousine drive, always free tickets to any show we want. Why they treat us so Special. Maybe because money talks and as a owner we love Las Vegas and they never forget how special there owners are. Now Time Shares are not for everybody. If you like to travel is for you. I know friends that have more than 1 time share and up to 4. So like i said it is not for everybody.Thank you Villas at Polo Towers C U Soon	
Jan 18 2004	What is the problem people?	When planning a trip to LV or any tourist area, one should expect to be approached by reps of timeshare corps with a sales pitch. A potential buyer doing his/her homework, as we did, enters the scenerio knowing that! If the reason people take the tour is just for the freebees knowing there is no intent for purchase, why complain that some of your day was taken up? The time, expense and energy of the corporations personnal has also been wasted along with yours. We have been satisfied owners at the Polo Towers for 4 years. It beats standing in long lines, (after a long flight) at a hotel to register, the atmosphere is friendly, and most important we feel special, because we are treated like what we are... owners! I take pride in saying that I am an owner at the Polo Towers. Don't waste your time or theirs (ours) if all your looking for is a freebee..its not worth your time or ours!	
Jan 1 2004	Cold shoulder from the 1st second	I ALREADY planned a trip to Vegas to begin about 2 weeks AFTER Polo Towers called me for a 3-night, 4 day stay in Vegas, all I had to do was tour the place and sit through a &quot;non-threatening&quot; 2-hour time-share talk. Well, for starters, I'm a single mom, which based on my credit and income actually qualified me. I came with my son and his father. I had PLANNED on attending the presentation with my son's father. I was told upon checking in that he was NOT welcome to come. FINE, I went alone, they stayed back at the crappy hotel we were put up in (Imperial Palace, what a dump!) Since I showed up ALONE, no one was interested in giving me the time of day, apparently already considered a loser -- THUS making my presentation/talk LONGER than everyone else's since I was LAST to be &quot;pitched at&quot;. I toured the facility and found it very nice and was interested in a 1-bedroom set-up since I also have other family that OFTEN come to Vegas. After being treated like dirt and slime for 3 hours, I refused to deal with anyone throwing such insults at me. As PROMISED, I did NOT want the 21 &amp; over free tickets for a show, I wanted the family-friendly show tickets. I had to almost throw a fit to get that. Later, on the deposit refund for the trip, I had to enlist the help of my credit card company to help reverse the charges. I used Polo Towers own contract and signature to PROVE I was owed a refund. I'd NEVER deal with these people on a purchasing deal. However, I regularly look here for a cheap place to stay when everywhere else on the strip is $100/night+, in that case, its a bargain. If you want to stay here, just go shop on ebay or the internet for a week of your choice when you want. For the amenities included, it's pretty decent. The studios are WAY, WAY too small, don't bother. The 2-bedroom units are basically a 1-bedroom + studio, so in reality 1.5 bedroom.	
Dec 29 2003	Tired of reading complaints	I'm just tired of reading the complaints. People who complain about the timeshare should grow up as all timeshares are pretty much the same. If you want to review the hotel, then this is the one to read. It is a beautiful place with great people. The hotel is a top notch place in a fantastic location. It is for people who want to live in the upper class style in the greatest place on the planet for fun. If you want a simple hotel somewhere on the strip an you gamble 100% of the time (other than sleep), then you should stay in a budget place or get comped somewhere else. This is for people who don't just gamble and sleep but want a lifetime experience, especially if you want the timeshare too. We've loved it!	
Dec 15 2003	Not worth the free tickets	The lovely Polo Towers. All Class. Yea right... You are offered free tickets to go on a 2 hour tour of their property. Once there, you are subject to over 3 hours of sales pitching buy a newly hired sales person. Only time they shut up is when you ask them a tough question. They have no idea how to answer question because it is not in their script and get right back to the pitch. Counting the sales people standing in and in front of various hotels and the salesmen/women in the property there must be over a 100 of them. Any place that has to hire that many sales people for a single property that is supposedly &quot;going to be sold out by april and only has one floor left to sell&quot; has to be a scam of some sort. It reminded me a pyramid scam one of my friends got caught up in. Sales people became very annoyed once we told them we weren't buying for the 10th time. You are no longer their friend and they keep you sitting there feeling uncomfortable while they talk with their sales manager who then comes over and offers a better deal. Then you tell him no a few more times as your fun time in Vegas keeps dwindling away. He finally leaves and then they send one more very attractive person over who trys to sell you a vacation package. Only had to say no to that once and they walk you out and leave you stranded, &quot;not sure when the shuttle will be back to pick you up.&quot; Had to walk home and arrived 5 hours after we left. Not worth the tickets. Avoid at all costs. Rooms are small and there are sleazy sales people everywhere...................	
Nov 3 2003	Polo Tower Nightmare		
Sep 19 2003	We bought in at a great deal!		
Aug 23 2003	Gerat place		
Aug 13 2003	Rochelles Way or the Highway		
Jul 28 2003	locationlocationlocation		
Jul 14 2003	Deceived empty promises bait/switch		
Jul 1 2003	Left Stranded		
May 6 2003	Always enjoyable!		
Mar 28 2003	Customer Service - nonexistent		
Oct 12 2002	Prime location		
Jun 25 2009 	Excelente ubicacion excelente departamento!!		
Sep 25 2007 	Polo Towers est super bien. On y retournera c'est sûr!!!		
