	Too far off the Strip for early morning risers.	This was our first stay at the Rio, and we checked in for four nights. The Rio seems intent on getting just a little more money out of you when they can. The very friendly check-in receptionist tried many tricks of the trade to get us to agree to an upgrade: first asking us if a room on an upper floor with a view of the Strip would be o.k., and only later mentioning that it would cost more; engaging us in personal conversation and presenting a document for signature stating that we agreed to an upgrade (even though we had already said, &quot;no&quot;). We had an evening departure flight and they offered a late checkout 4 pm for $40. We declined and were offered a noon checkout time for no additional fees.We were very happy with the &quot;lower floor&quot; room. It was HUGE! While there was no view of the Strip, the view of the mountains and a few lights at night were sufficient. The room was very clean. It was surprisingly quiet at night even though the Rio focuses on entertainment for young adults who are looking for a &quot;good time&quot;. (Think Brazil, Rio de Janeiro and Mardi Gras.)There was no in-room coffee maker. When I called to ask why, I was told that the &quot;lower floors&quot; do not have coffee makers - only the &quot;higher floors&quot;. We arriived at noon on Thanksgiving Day and found only the buffet open. There were no other options except the very pricey champagne buffet dinner since all of the other restaurants in the hotel were closed. Even on days that other restaurants are open, there are few options for cheaper fare. The cafe is only open until noon or 1 pm, depending on the day of the week. Starbucks seems to be the least expensive dining option available. (They don't accept Starbucks gift cards!)The Rio is located quite a distance from the Strip. Unless you want a good hike, have a car or take the Rio's shuttles (which don't start until 10 am) to their sister hotels/casinos on the Strip, you're stuck. There is no easy way to go Downtown without hiring a taxi.If you are looking for &quot;adult-centered&quot; entertainment and bars, the Rio is for you. There are many more reasonable options for gaming, meals, and entertainment on the Strip. We'll stay there next time.	
	The hotel equivalent of Wallmart.	If you like noise in a Casino, and I'm not talking about the usual casino hub-bub, you will love the Rio. If you enjoy hauling your luggage up and down escalators and long distances through crowded gaming areas, the Rio is the place for you. If you don't mind washing your hands with cold water in a rest room (men's at least), no gripe here. The &quot;huevos rancheros&quot; in the breakfast café bore little resemblance to any that you have eaten anywhere. In fairness, the room was large and clean, the staff friendly, and the bed reasonably comfortable. Recognizing that there are always &quot;different strokes for different folks&quot;, the Rio was a major disappointment.	
Nov 25 2009 	Getting a little dated	Stayed at the RIO for 5 days. Rooms are looking a little worn. Room almost clean. Huge Room. Decent for the price we payed. Don't expect top notch. Wasn't as nice as what we heard about it. Noisy (Go car racing in the parking lot started at 8AM daily.) Good Buffet. After staying at the Signature @ MGM it's hard to stay anywhere else. Decent value for your $$$.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great for more than 2 people in a room!	We had three people in our room and that is why we wanted to stay at an all suite hotel. The room was spacious, the beds and the couch both quite comfortable. The shuttle that takes you to the &quot;the strip&quot; run about every 30 minutes and allows you to be either picked up/dropped off at Harrah's or Paris. You can walk to &quot;the strip&quot; from the hotel (I did) but only if your in good shape and enjoy a nice hike over the expressway (yes there are bridges/ sidewalks). The carnival world buffet is really good also within the hotels property. This is a good hotel to stay at if you want the experience of Vegas but not the craziness of &quot;the strip.&quot;	
Nov 20 2009 	good times!	Mmmm A big comfy soft king size bed with no kids..... Anything better? Oh and the gaming is good too and the food was awesome!	
Nov 18 2009 	The RIO is the best Hotel and Casino	My husband and I have been coming to the RIO for many years and never had a bad experience. My husband passed away recently and before he passed we were planning our next trip to Vegas and staying at the RIO. In his honor I came out to Vegas and stayed at the RIO by myself. My experience was a wonderful one as always. I felt very safe. I want to thank everyone, especially the woman at the VIP check-in for making my trip a memorable one. The room was outstanding and the service and staff were great. Thank you so very much for everything. I will do this trip every year in honor of my husband. Thank you.	
Nov 18 2009 	you get what you pay for	Me and my boyfriend booked a trip through an online company to stay at the rio. Knowing it was off strip we were skeptical but once we went to there site realized that they had shuttles for free so it wasn't a big deal. Well, we tried taking them 3 times. all of which they were full and we had to wait for the next one 30 mins. so total an hour. so we just ended up taking cabs which was alot of extra money. The restaurants were constantly full on the main floor and the food was over priced. If you get the chance to spend alittle bit more money and stay on strip i would suggest that. We will not be going back to this hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Viva las vegas	I went to vegas for the anual rockabilly festival and i love the rio. its clean cheap and has great pools and food. the rooms are big so when you have had enough of whom ever you went with you have space to cool off!!! i love it and when i go next year i will be sure to stay again	
Nov 16 2009 	Weekend gettaway	This is a all in one location. Everything that you need on your trip to Vegas. Great restaurants, great night life, and exciting attractions. They treat everyone like &quot;gold&quot;. The pool area is very relaxing also.	
Nov 15 2009 	Terrible Service Horrible Smell of Smoke throughout	I stayed at the Rio for a conference and was very disappointed to say the least! You walk into the hotel and the first thing that hits is you is the smell of smoke. When I checked, they did not have the room that I ordered and didn't care about it either. The entire hotel stunk from smoke! I would definitely NOT recommend this hotel. It was very seedy and low class.	
Nov 9 2009 	best casino I have stayed at in vegas	The sports book and staff were the best .WAS there for the world series .THE STAFF were excellent ,buffet ok,casino jumping.The dealers were friendly and the voodoo lounge is a must see.THIS IS A ADULT CASINO ONLY.ROOMS were clean and large.This casino is now my casino in vegas	
Nov 8 2009 	We will be backbut please wash the windows...	We just had our 3rd visit to the Rio. We had a comp 5 days and chose to spend $20 a night for strip view. Room was remodeled and clean inside,but our upgraded strip view was ruined by FILTHY windows on the outside. But we had a great time, very lucky in the casino. As always, we were treated well and felt very appreciated.	
Nov 4 2009 	Wasn't Bad; Wasn't ALL THAT either	I stayed at the Rio on 10/29/09. I got one complimentary night. I am not one of those travelers that pick things apart; or will give a horrible review because I had to wait in line at the bathroom; or have an issue with a chip of paint missing from the ceiling. - But for the sake of those who are; I will give my account as accurate as possible. I usually stay in a 5 star hotel, but I wanted to try the Rio because I unterstood it to be a 4 star (and it was free). The first thing I noticed when I walked through the door was the smell of smoke. My snobby review meter went off. I know it is a casino, but when I stay at the Venetian the first thing I smell is Pine sol and invisible people constantly cleaning. Check in: smooth no complaintsRoom: Shortage in lamp Other than that the room was HUGE and Clean. Loved the sheets. The decor was older, but it would have been worth $60 had I paid for it.Bathroom: Huge, Fabulous, plenty of mirrors, sit down vanity. Loved the mirrors througout the room -a plus.No frills or extras- Dont expect them unless you upgrade of whatever.Some of the people were not very warm and friendly (dealers, staff) but that was just a person or two that I encountered. I am sure there nice people. Front desk people were nice. Overall, It was a decent experence, If you have never been anywhere or have nothing to compare it to; you would problably think it was awesome. If you usually do higher end properties; it is about average. I think its great for the price. If your looking for good accomodations on a budget try the Rio!	
Nov 4 2009 	The Rio Has Everything!	I had a great experience at the Rio. I arrived late in the evening and the desk clerk surprised me with a complimentary upgrade to a suite. I had only one night alone, then met friends for the next two nights. I thought the regular rooms would be small, but to my delight, it was a 600+ sq ft room. We had a great time gambling, had the fantastic buffet, people watched on Halloween, and never had to leave the hotel. I would highly recommend the Rio. Some will say that you have to go to the strip, but I found all that was needed in one place. I would go back again, without any hesitation.	
Oct 30 2009 	Typical Harrah's Service	Rooms are getting older, staff appear hostile to any question. Harrah's has become like Walmart. Low price, but try to find someone for service good luck	
Oct 29 2009 	Had a Fabulous Time Can't wait to go back	My conference got changed from Caesar's to the Rio and I almost considered not going. Big suprise ! The Rio had the friendlist personnel working there. From the front desk to the maids. The hotel rooms were clean, quite and had very comfortable beds. The slot machines even paid off some. If you go, don't miss the seafood buffet. $40 is steep, but worth every penny. Who ever heard of creme brulee on a buffet line that was the real thing. I only got to eat at 3 other places, but none disappointed. The Rio in the Sky show is a litte risque, but so much fun. The drink people (waiters &amp; waitresses) were around every 10 minutes, so I was never without. The only downside, and it's minor, is the taxi fairs. It's $20 to downtown and $14 to the airport. I will be going back and soon..	
Oct 27 2009 	conference spot	My husband travelled there to speak. He said that his conference room and the food was very nice for his students. I have read reviews about what others have said on trip advisor, when they said that the Rio's only problem is that it sits far away from the main strip. This is basically true. The rooms are older, but nicely kept up and the added space that you get there simply gives you a feeling of more relaxation. We have seen the shows that they have there with the Las Vegas Gray Line Tours, so we skipped watching their shows at night. We enjoyed playing the slot machines there, as you do with Las Vegas anyway. We simply took a taxi to the strip, though that is probably not the most economical way to do it. It would be very difficult to walk to the strip, because you would have to walk over a very busy highway area. If you are looking for a good spacious room for a nice price, then this is the place to stay.	
Oct 27 2009 	Rio is the Holiday Inn of Vegas	Above average size rooms but with basic ammenties and an off the strip location makes for an ok experience. The pools are not heated and half of them were closed. The resturants were ok but nothing special. If the price is right it is an ok deal.	
Oct 27 2009 	The upgrade was worth it!	I've been to Vegas several times and we always rent a car, so we usually stay off Strip for better deals, and decided to try out the Rio. When we checked in I asked about a strip view, they said $30/night, but they had a jacuzzi suite for $75/night and that had a strip view, so we chose that. I'm so glad we did, we had 180degree views, a dining room, small kitchen area, 2 bathrooms and a large living room, and the jacuzzi was overlooking the strip. It was great. We didn't have any noise complaints and the room was very clean. With our room upgrade we also got a 2 for 1 offer for some of the Harrah's shows, we chose Penn &amp; Teller since it was right in the Hotel. Excellent show! As far as restaurants, the only one we went to at the Rio was the all you can eat seafood buffet, it was $40/pp but the service was good, and there were tons of options, including lobster. I wasn't dissappointed. I also went to the spa, which was fine but they add an 18% tip on to your bill and then they also give you a slip to sign with another tip spot, and an envelope for a tip. I don't really like being forced to tip, I prefer to tip based on the service (and I ALWAYS do tip), but this seems to be the norm now.We also went down to the pool daily, this was nice. The music wasn't too loud and it wasn't ever crowded. There are 3 pools including the sand pool, plus there is an adults only pool that you have to pay to go to, which was empty every day we were there.As far as the casino goes, the gambling isn't great, and Harrah's comps don't give you much. I played mostly at the Rio and also at Caesars and the Paris, and didn't even get enough comps for a $10 credit.Overall, I enjoyed my stay, and I would recommend the Rio to anyone that wouldn't mind being off strip.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Time at the Rio!	This was our first time staying at the Rio, we visit Vegas two or three times a year and belong to the Harrah's players club so we chose to stay at the Rio with our comps this time around. I was very pleasantly surprised with the room. We were in the Ipanema tower on the 19th floor and the room was clean and much bigger than we expected, and the fridge is awesome (So many places in Vegas make you jump through hoops to get a fridge in your room or flat out refuse...the fact that it is apparently the standard at the Rio gets a thumbs up from me - gotta have my cold water!) The room we had either had been meticulously cared for over the years or was remodeled at some point because everything seemed new and clean, no spots on the carpet, nice flat screen tv and big closet. Bathroom had vanity area with sink and a mirrored sink by the toilet so my husband and I could get dressed without being in each others way. The Voodoo Lounge on the Roof was pretty much the most awesome thing ever - you take a glass elevator 50 stories up and the bar is half inside and half outside. Unlike other indoor/outdoor clubs the outside portion is really part of the club with the dj, an outside bar and go go dancers, not just a smoking patio like other clubs. Dancing in the open air 50 stories up with a 360 degree view is not to be missed! We ate at the Cafe and the Sports Deli which both had excellent food and service. Remember if you are staying at the Rio it isn't on the strip!! We were aware of this and took the tram with no problem and never had to wait - although on previous trips we have waited for the tram up to 20 mins. The tram runs from the Rio to several locations on the strip until 1 am. The show in the sky is fun and happens pretty frequently in the Masquerade Village area of the casino. One tip I have is if you are planning to stay at the Rio text &quot;rio&quot; to 227466 three days before you go - this gets you discounts like 5.99 buffet, half off penn and teller, etc. They have it advertised there but you get the texts over the course of a 72 hour period and they don't expire for a week so you might as well have them all ready before you go so you can plan accordingly - we received the text about penn and teller about 5 mins before the show started but we were already down at the strip and were kind of bummed because we would have gone if we knew ahead of time we could get half off! You just show your phone to the total rewards booth and they give you the promotion.All in all we had a great time at the Rio - friendly service and great accomodations!	
Oct 26 2009 	The room was nicer than expected.	I didn't realize how off the strip we were. It was approximately 30 mins to walk. They provide a shuttle to Harrah's hotel every 30 minutes but that is still not always convenient. We ended up taking a cab most of the time. This gets costly about $10.00 each way. Just fyi if looking for an inexpensive stay the transportation may be costly to the strip. The swimming pool was adequate but the spa or hot tub services were left to be desired. They need a good cleaning.	
Oct 24 2009 	All Suites	We stayed at The Rio for a weekend in September. We truly enjoy this hotel as all the rooms are suites. You also have a refrigerator in your room which makes it nice as you can bring in items from the convenience store. If you stay on the upper levels you have a great view of the strip at night. Head to the top of the hotel to enjoy a drink with an incredible view. The hotel is located off the strip - but not too worry - it is a short cab ride OR they have shuttles to numerous hotels on the strip. The staff is always very helpful and friendly. There is a pub in the hotel which is a great place to watch football on Sat or Sun. We'll be back!	
Oct 22 2009 	This hotel will forever be known as the crappy hotel	Having been to Vegas many times in the past and having stayed at all different price levels of hotels I was honestly surprised just how bad the Rio was. First of all it needs a major room renovation in order for it to compete with other hotels. YES, these are suite rooms but when the bathroom has mold on the shower curtain and on the tile, the bedroom curtains won't shut completely, and you have to fiddle with the light bulbs every time you try to turn on the lamp it just puts a sour note in your stomach. This would possibly be worth it if the hotel was on the strip, but since you can't even really walk to the strip safely from the hotel (you have to walk over a busy interstate on a narrow sidewalk) it's a disappointment. If you plan to stay over a weekend and honestly don't plan to party all night be planned to be awake anyway as the rooms aren't sound proof and you can hear the Show in the Sky into all hours of the night. The one good thing I found about the hotel is the spa. The receptionist was lovely and gave me a comp to use the workout facilities since I had not used it the day before with my spa treatment. However, $22 dollars seems a little overpriced for the size of the facility (only 2 ellipticals, 2 bikes). Thank god I did not pay for it! It was so windy while I was there that I was unable to use the pool but it looked ok, as did some of the restaurants. For your money there are much better options on the strip especially if you do some research.	
Oct 21 2009	Very happy with my stay......	I would like to start by saying that I was a little nervous about staying at the Rio after all the bad reviews, but my stay was very nice we had a room in the Ipanema Tower with a great view of the pools and the srtip (nice view to come back to at night) our room was very clean except for a few stains on the carpet, love the size of the room and the fact that there was two sinks, one in the shower area and one outside(no foggy mirror), after being out late and needing to unwind the TV pulled out and turned so that you could watch it from the bed, which I must add very comfy. The staff was very nice, but didn't understand why so many check out counters an only 3 check in counter were open, because you can check out in your room. Arrived around noon and we were able to get right into our room, the pool did close early that day for a band that would be playing at night (90 degrees that day) we were a little unhappy about that, went to the strip instead, there was no problem getting a shuttle to and from the srtip... All in all I would stay again for the fact that I have stayed on strip many time and I felt that there was less of a croud and peacfull ,liked the fact of having a frig in the room.... Liked the Carnival Buffet . Remember you can't always go by what ther reviews say I learned that from my stay.	
Oct 21 2009 	The Rio is still great	The friendly staff at the Rio makes it stand out. The over sized rooms (suites) make the hotel a better value. It's location off the strip is compensated for by the convenient shuttles and the close walking proximity to Caesars- Bellagio - Paris. The pool area is great and its a good value.	
Oct 21 2009 	Beautiful	The Rio is a great hotel that is off strip. My husband and I traveled for a bowling tournament in Las Vegas. We decided to stay at the Rio as a group. This was one of the best decisions we made. Since the Rio is off strip it makes travel so much easier than if you were to be on strip. We rented a car for the week and used it to visit the Hoover Dam, Red Rock Canyon, and the Grand Canyon - as well as to get to the bowling center. For the long trips the rental was great. We decided that since we split the rental with another couple we would be able to go to the strip via a taxi. Also a great decision! Do not attempt to drive on the strip. Spend the few dollars that it takes to get from the Rio to the Strip or even cheaper take the bus that goes back and forth all day and night. Rio Suites: We had a fabulous room with an amazing view (floor to ceiling windows). It has a very large with a separate bathroom / bedroom and a separate living area. Rio Casino: A very large and nicely laid out. The tables and machines are not on top of each other so it is a comfortable setting. Rio Spa: One of the best I have ever been to!! Amazing!!!Rio Buffet: HUGE! This is a must when in Vegas even if you are not staying here. It is expensive so be prepared but it is worth every penny. Rio Rooftop Lounge: Again even if you are not staying at this hotel GO and see the views of the Strip. It is breathtaking!! And they mix a mean drink. Overall this is an amazing off the strip hotel. It has all the flair of Las Vegas without the hassle of being on the Strip. But defiantly go to the Strip and walk up and down the streets to see the amazing buildings!The Rio has everything and more to offer defiantly do not over look this one because it is off the strip!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Worst Seen from Start to Finish	Started with a 45 minute wait to check in...this at 7:00 at night with only 15 or so folks in line in front of me--only three open windows. Room was poor--old, shabby, looked the same as the room I had 15 years ago on a previous visit--right down to the carpet. Service was average, location is the worst of both worlds...too far from the Strip to be an easy and fun walk, close enough to get all the traffic and noise issues. Even leaving is painfull. At checkout I was told the system was down but a copy of my bill would be e-mailed to me. E-mail never came so I called. You can't talk to the RIO directly, they are part of the Harrah's combined accounting center. THis center will not talk to you (only e-mail) and requires 3-5 DAYS to respond to any inquiry. ANYWHERE but the RIO next time.	
Oct 19 2009 	The biggest rooms in Vegas	Beautiful large rooms with couch and table. 27 inch tv. we counted with our feet 18 x 18 foot room.Refrigerator in room a vegas rarity. double sinks with toilet and tub in another room. no fogged up mirrors. fun show in sky free. I didn't like that was no food court for late night treats. Great pools-four of them with sand and a waterfall in one.There is a free shuttle that takes you to the strip and Harrahs casino. Can walk across the street to Gold Coast Casino and the Palms casino.	
Oct 19 2009 	You can trust this review...honestly a great place	We have stayed several places in Las Vegas and the Rio did not disappoint us. The suite was as everyone else described...one large room. I know they have larger suites with two rooms but we were comped the first 3 nites and paid for the fourth so we took them up on the offer. Arrived very early before check-in time and were able to get a room right away. Very easy to work with the front desk. We were given the mountain view and that was fine with us because we don't spend a lot of time in the room anyway. But with that being said it was a pleasant surprise to find the refrigerator and safe in the closet as noted by other travelers. I was really concerned after reading all the negative reviews in the last few weeks. I can honestly say the only apparent aging in the hotel were the elevators...oh my they should replace the doors on them and do some upgrades but we didn't really care about it. After all how much time do you plan to spend there?But, I'll have to say I loved the bathroom set-up. Separate toilet/shower facilities with a nice sized vanity. Outside of that door was a very large vanity with another sink and a magnifying mirror which I love. The extra room in the sleeping area was great with a couch, chair, coffee table and the TV set up which was not useful if you like to watch TV in bed. We do not so it wasn't a problem for us. We were the last room at the end of the hall so it was very quiet and no distrubances. We took our own travel coffee pot and avoided the lines and price of gourmet coffee. It was the first time we did that and it was worth the little effort it took to pack the travel coffeepot and fixings.We rented a car but I do know that the shuttle bus is there a lot to take you back and forth to the strip because we've used it on other trips before we decided driving in Vegas is the easier route. It was actually nice to go back to a &quot;quieter&quot; atmosphere after spending time with the masses of people on the strip. Halloween was in full swing.We did have two of their buffets and they were both fine. The seafood buffet is pricey ($36) per person or so but we enjoyed every crab leg, mini lobster, shrimp, sushi and a wide variety of other offerings. You won't be disappointed if you like seafood.And, we were lucky enough to have won some jackpots at the slot machines. The shows in the sky and now very limited so if you really like that kind of show, make sure you are there at the right time. Ask someone for times and dates because they cut out a lot of that. We never wanted for service though. Someone was always asking us if we wanted a drink. Beware if you are offended by &quot;skimpy&quot; dancers and servers. Wow those girls were beautiful and my husband certainly enjoyed gawking at their skimpy and I do mean skimpy outfits.	
Oct 15 2009 	Lousy Hotel	Without a doubt the worst service in the area! I was injured and unable to walk more than a few steps at a time. My husband was there on business so I was to meet him at the hotel. I was ignored by all staff, refused access to a wheelchair and could not get assistance getting my luggage to my room. We finally found a place to rent a wheelchair (with NO assistance from hotel staff) and decided to visit the casino. Children were running around on the casino floor, not one waitress offered to take our drink order the entire time we were there and when my husband called a slot attendent to watch his machine so he could help me his money and the attendant disappeared! Managment did not give a hoot when we reported this so the Rio and any other Harrah's owned property will never see a dime of my money again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Spacious rooms great views close to strip	We stay at Harrah's properties quite often and our favorite, in Las Vegas, is the RIO. The suites are spacious and the beds very comfortable. The Ipanema Tower is newer and more spacious but we like the Masquerade Tower also. We haven't had the problem with shuttle service because we either drive or rent a car but check out the limo service from the airport, it isn't that much more than a cab and no hassles. The RIO is within walking distance to the strip but you find out that staying at a strip hotel is very hectic to say the least. The RIO is also noted for having one of the BEST seafood buffet's in Vegas!	
Oct 11 2009 	great steaks	rio is a really nice place to stay and is very affordablethe room is really big. if you buy an upgrade you can get a really nice view of the strip or if you're too low to the ground you might have a view of the airconditioners so just ask to be moved up a few floors for the regular price.theres a shuttle to the strip that runs till 1am for free to paris and harrahs.the steaks at the all american are the best and not too expensive.there a nicer dining room in the back to relax.i'm returning in november	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice Hotel Okay Location	The rooms of the Rio All Suite hotel were very large and easily slept 3 large adults. The finishes in the room were a bit dated, but were acceptable for the price. The off strip location was a slight negative, but the free shutle to the Paris/Harrah's made up for it.	
Oct 9 2009 	Wonderful	Valet service very prompt, hotel check in went smooth, with all online requests met, ex: smoking room, with a coffee pot, and a room very close to the elevator due to disabilities. All extra requests were fulfilled each day within minutes after the call was placed. Housekeeping service was good and linens were very clean.All questions we asked were answered or we were connected to a phone extension that could answer our questions.We would stay in this hotel again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Hotel was nice staff not that friendly	We have stayed at the rio several times. This trip we did not have as nice of room, same requested but was older style in the room. We switched rooms the next day and it was worse. Later during our week long stay, security stopped my husband, and told him he was being held to check his id, he looked suspicious. I went to security and asked what it was all about and they found the security person who stopped him and said he looked like someone they previously threw out. My husband said when they held him they wouldnt tell him why and came back and said, ok you can go. Iwas very upset they never even said to him, sorry mistaken for someone else. The lady security who was with the male guard who stopped him stood there laughing at him when he asked them why they stopped him. Will not stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Remarkable Hotel	We had stayed at the RIo when it was brand new, and then a second time a few years later. We loved it then, and loved it now. The food at the Voodoo restaurant was outstanding, pricey, but outstanding. The food at the World Buffet was outstanding also. We also dined at the All American Grill - had hamburgers, and they again were outstanding. The bars were very attractive however also a bit pricey. We received a 2 for 1 coupon book which helped greatly on the costx of food and beverages. The room was really great, we had an end suite which had a view of the north and the strip. It was amazing. Loved every minute of it and would go back in an instant. We also went to the Stratosphere to see what it was like and we were very well surprised by the cleanliness and total appearance, great shops and cool restaurants. Didn't go up to the top as it was a very windy couple of days, but would go back again to do that.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Masquarde suite is AWESOME!	I booked a regular suite and then asked to upgrade to the Masquarde suite. 1600 sq ft of wall to wall windows from floor to ceiling!! 180 deg view of Vegas!!! At night while laying in the fabulous jacquizzi I had a view of the Vegas strip at night!! In the dining room, seated at the 5 seat dining room table I had a view of the mountains and could watch the planes take off! The suite had a coffee maker and refrig and wet bar. (The regular suites dont have coffee makers)If you stay in the Masquarde Towers, as soon as you get out of the elevator area, to the left there is a coffee/pastry shop. VERY reasonable prices too.The sandy beach pool with waterfalls was incredible! However be forewarned, that the unheated pools are freezing!! Even on 101 deg day, no one could stay in the unheated pools!! At the pool snack area, a fountain drink was less then 3 bucks and you could get FREE refills!!!My only negative about the Rio is that they still have the big, old tube type TV's. In my suite I only had 2 TV's, but then again I never watched them. Flat screens would have been nice, but it would make the prices go up!Taxi fare to the strip was only 7 bucks (WITHOUT TIP!) But their free shuttle would take you to Bally/Paris or Harrah's for free every 30 minutes.The Masquarde suites are also VERY QUIET!! Only the dining room connects to the next room. And the bed was soooooooo wonderfully comfortable!!ALSO, there is a large half bath area in living room.	
Oct 8 2009 	awesome hotel	Rio rooms were very large and had a sitting area to watch televisons, staff were friendly and there were lots of shows offered and lots of restaurant choices	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful place	We recently stayed here as this is where the conference was. I loved the hotel, the rooms were large. Several restaurants to choose. Always accomadating. Shuttle service to the strip worked very well for us. We just timed it right and never had to wait more than 5 minutes for the shuttle. The only disadvantage was not being on the strip, since you do have to shuttle so you can't just run out for a bit on the strip without the shuttle. Would diffinately stay there again.	
Oct 7 2009 	NOT GOING BACK	We stayed 3 years ago and enjoyed it enough to return. It just seemed not to hit the spot for us this time. Our favorite pub the Tilted Kilt was gone.. and replaced with load music and chairs I didn't feel safe in. We were not informed on one night of 2 that the power was going to be shut off. We were going to get up very early and had set our alarm clock to get up...so besides it being dangerously dark to try to find your way to the bathroom, were woke up again with a start when the power came back on and the radio was blasting us awake!!We were not very happy to have the toilet break and quit flushing one morning also. It seemed like there was no place to eat after 11 pm. The prices for the buffet meals seemed always higher then many others around town. We had some credit to use on Sat. and were just going to get the regular breakfast buffet (which their info packet said would be available) but now they only serve the expensive champagne brunch instead which is $10 more per head. We were sat at the most far end...butter was not next to the rolls, the gravy was thinner then the syrup, the hostest did not tell up about the omelet bar being clear at the other end...anyway we were not downing any champagne at 8 in the morning to make up for it. We rented a car this time. If you can it makes it easier and less expensive to get around. The first thing we did the next day was go out and buy water. they really gouge you for the water...2.50 or $4 for one bottle.  MAYBE THE RIO IS FOR THE YOUNGER ONES THAT LIKE ALL THE NOICE, SMOKE AND VOO DOO LOUNGE...but this is one couple who will not be staying again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Had A Great Stay!	I loved this Hotel room! It was large and spacious! I was disturbed by next door neighbors who partied all night, but other than that I loved it and highly recomment a stay at the RIo!	
Oct 5 2009 	Rio Rocks	My feeling is that you could stay at Rio for a week or two and not run out of things to do because there is so much variety in entertainment,food, fun and leisure! Everyone was so nice and accommodating.The rooms were very clean but no coffee maker :~{. The only thing that I really didn't like was during check in,the desk clerk told us that he didn't have a smoking room clean and available despite the fact that I made this reservation 6 months ago. He said it was NOT a 'reservation',that it was a 'request' and proceeded to show me the fine print. Magically(just prior to blowing my stack) a room became available. I wonder if I was supposed to slip him a tip??? Anyway the hotel is just gorgeous,everywhere. The buffet and all the food everywhere we ate was very good. Did not like that you couldn't bring any beverages into the pool because a bottle of water was $5!!! Overall though,we just loved it and would definitely recommend it! :~}	
Oct 5 2009 	Good off-strip property	This was my second stay at the Rio, the last time being about 4 years ago with my wife. This was part of my 50th birthday trip with my friends. We started out whitewater rafting in the Grand Canyon and finished up in Las Vegas.I have been coming to Las Vegas once a year since I was 21 and now prefer to stay off the strip when possible to avoid the traffic. I received a comp room for my 3 night stay. As such, the value was phenomenal! I was with 3 friends, and we had 2 suites located near each other on the same floor in the Ipanema Tower. The beds were comfortable and I like the safe and fridge in the room. It would be nice if they updated to a flat screen TV. We were on a low floor, so there was no view to speak of, although we could see the mountains in the distance.On 2 nights of the stay the power went out. We were told in advance that this would happen as work was being done. Letters were placed in a couple of places throughout the room describing the outage. The power would be out between 2AM and 5 AM. I guess this is something that had to be done, and it was done at a time that would minimally affect guests. However if I had paid for the room, I might have asked for some compensation for the inconvenience - particularly with the A/C off. To prepare for it going out, I set the thermostat to 60 and the room was cool enough during the scheduled power outage.We didn't eat at any of the restaurants. The pool area was nice with at least one heated pool of three. The table games in the casino had pretty high minimum bets. I mainly played video poker, but the one time I played blackjack, I couldn't find a table under $25.All in all I enjoyed my stay and have no major complaints about the Rio.	
Oct 4 2009 	Service was great - would definitely stay here again	Though the hotel is getting on in years, the service provided by the staff was 110%! Our room was nice but the carpeting was stained - they sent up a maintenance guy with an industrial carpet steam cleaner and cleaned up all the spots. The bathroom was the only part of the room that was not great - the shower curtain was old and stained and the toilet paper holder was broken. But the beds were fine - the tv worked and the view of the strip from our room was beautiful. They provided so many free drinks, discounts on shows and 1/2 price meals at the restaurants that we ended up spending less than we thought. The shuttle to the strip was fine Wed and Thur but very crowded on Friday and on Saturday we chose to just stay at the hotel all day - eat at the seafood buffet (great) and see the Penn &amp; Teller show on Sat. night (****). I would stay here again in a NY minute - less crowded than hotels on the strip and the service was better. If they could only ban cigarette smoking, it would be perfect.	
Oct 4 2009 	It had its ups and downs	First time Vegas Virgins. I had booked this hotel based on price and value and the fact that it had shuttles to and from the strip. Please promise that if you go to this hotel, you will write a review when you return. I got so much good information from this site, and it all really helped to plan this trip. Now on to the review.I had asked for an early check in, a smoking room, a room as high up as they would give me with a nice view of both the moutains and the strip. We arrived at 10:30 am on the Monday and received fast, friendly and efficient service as well as everything requested.We got a room on the 13th floor, nice size, clean, very comfortable beds, a view overlooking the pool and you could see the mountains and the strip. In fact you could see the stratosphere tower while lying on the bed. Maid service was good and we left her a token of appreciation each day.The pools were beautiful, but we were so busy and the weather was not super hot, so we didn't indulge. The slot machines were ok, I followed advice found here about finding certain machines and had good play value from them. Loved Wizard of Oz, Deal or no Deal, Zeus, Slingo and a funny one about a penquin. On a sad note, we played for two days, on and off at this casino without ever once being asked for a drink? We were playing the penny slots, but come on we played 60-90 cents per hit. We took the shuttles over to the strip and back many times. The wait times were long and sometimes the crowds filled the shuttle and you had to wait for the next one or take a cab. They also do this awful two tiered system of letting the Platiunum and Super Seven member first and to the front of the line. I asked what it takes to become a member and was told it was thousands and thousands of $$$ in gambling points. My point is, if these people have this kind of dough to throw around, why do they need a free shuttle service. The should be taking cabs, limos, etc... So if you are renting a car, this hotel would be a good place to stayWe ate at the Rub BBQ with a resturant.com coupon. The food was very good and the portion sizes were large. Our server was fantastic, didn't catch her name but she has tatoos all over her arms. We took the leftovers back to the fridge in our room and ate it for breakfast the next day. (didn't have a microwave or coffee maker in the room)We ate at the Voo Doo lounge one night. The food was good, the wine was great, the service was fine,the price was high. But, the view and ambience were so very nice. The pictures of this resturant do not do it justice. We also went to th Voo Doo bar. It has an indoor and outdoor venue. Drinks expensive but view is great. Do a visit up there, as the elevator ride alone is worth the adventure. On our last day we ate at the carnival buffet. It was huge! It had good food, lots of variety, drink specials at the bar, good service. Was not cheap, but was very very good.We finally got to see the show in the sky on Thursday. It was short but cute. I did get some beads. Glad the show was free.We asked for late check out but, they only gave us an extra hour. We got to check our bags and went off to play slots etc..until time to catch shuttle to the airport. We made two call from our room. One very short one to Toronto, and one to book that airport shuttle. I still don't know why that one was long distance &amp; expensive. Telephone bill was $20.00. I would avoid using it. Book your return shuttle while you are at the airport.Overal, this hotel has excellent rooms, expensive but good food, nice pools and poor drink service and good play value slots. Would only go back if renting a car or the shuttle service increased frequency. They say on the weekends and in the busy summer season they run every 15 minutes. But, they would also have triple the occupancy rating and the shuttle is used by other people not just the hotel guests. So, plan a cab budget over to the strip. Approx. $6-7 dollars per trip or rent a car.	
Oct 3 2009 	A O K	First time at the Rio for myself (the boyfriend has been there twice in the past) and absolutely no complaints, well ok, just the pillows.Decided to stay at the Rio this time on our trip to Vegas and absolutley no complaints with this hotel.Yes it is off the strip but there is a shuttle bus to take you to the strip or you can just use what the man above created - your feet. We walked every day to the strip and it was no more than 20 minutes and refreshing to say the least.Room was spacious, clean, and ready upon check in. Our only complaint would have been the pillows as they were too hard for our taste but who's complaining.Casino was the same as all the others, loud, exceptionally smokey (more so than others) and more expensive than others that we have visited.Honestly we didn't spend a dime in there for that reason.Restaurants offer a wide variety of choices but we have a few hidden gems that we chose instead that were off property.Check in was fast, courteous, with no complaints.The Rio met our expectactions and then some, perhaps next time we may take advantage of the ammenites it has too offer but we left feeling satisfied and willing to return to their property should we consider Vegas again.This was our 8th visit to Vegas and indeed one of the better ones even though I don't have much to say about them, thank you Rio, thank you Harrah's.Give them a try, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 3 2009 	Huge rooms but you sacrifice location	We stayed at the RIO for four nights in September and had a nice enough stay, but things have definitely changed over the years.The rooms have always been huge - the all-suites is a great perk - and would be wonderful for groups of young girls or guys trying to save money by all cramming into one room. Check-in lines were really long and quite a hassle when you realized there was a long line and only two people working. To be honest, there were a bunch of people also checking out and I've never figured out, unless there's a discrepancy, why they can't just use the video check-out in the room to save themselves and other customers the wait time!!We changed rooms mid-way through our stay, but both were in the Ipanema tower. This is the older tower, BUT it's been remodeled more recently. Both room had refrigerators, neither had coffee makers, and only one had an internet ethernet connection. Internet costs $9.95 per 24 hours which compared to other hotels I've stayed at is not bad. You have to let the front desk know at check-in that you need internet service or they will put you in a room without it. Beds in both rooms were extremely comfortable! The first room had a huge bathroom and two separate dressing areas, but the second room only had a small bathroom. The Chinese restaurant and sports bar (next to each other) had great food with huge portions so it was easy to split up an entree and feed two people. The All American Grille place was also good. As usual, the Carnival World Buffet was great - tons of food and something for everyone. We also walked across the street to the Gold Coast (?) to have a more affordable breakfast buffet one morning ($5.65).The pool was not crowded, they let you take two towels, beverage service was fast and one night there was a free concert out at the pool.The shuttles to the strip are very handy, but the lines did get long so if you're trying to make a showtime or dinner reservation, allow extra time. The only disappointment in the shuttles was that on our last day we weren't departing until 8pm so planned to spend the afternoon on the strip and just leave our bags with a bell desk over there. We only had backpacks as luggage so didn't think it would be a big deal to bring those aboard, but we were told that no luggage was allowed so we had to catch a cab. It was particularly disappointing since the shuttle was only about half full.Dealers were hit and miss in terms of friendliness and table limits were lower than they have been traditionally; the recession definitely had an impact here. Also, we never saw the Sky show ... I think it was closed due to the recession. Cashier cage window lines were long, but again I saw lots of people with slot tickets and wondered why they didn't just use the redemption machines to get their money?? You don't have to wait in line y'know!All in all a nice enough trip, but if some of our nights hadn't been comp'd I'm not sure we would choose to stay off the strip - even with the free shuttles.	
Oct 2 2009 	Not Bad but Not Great	I was like the others, a bit leary of staying at the Rio because of the previous reviews. I had never stayed there and noticed that a lot of the bad reviews were from people who had previously stayed there. I had no expectations so I am not dissapointed.The room was great! We stayed in the Masqurade tower and we had a view of the pool and mountains. The AC was ok until the last day and we were hot when we woke up. There are only 3 pillows per bed but if you asked for another, housekeeping was quick to get you one. Check in was fast as well as check out.Breakfast was good, we ate in the Soa Paulo Cafe every morning, service was also good. The pool was fun, but not a real exciting atmosphere.Now to the truly dissapointing part........THE CASINO!!!! There was a lack of staff. They had just laid off 100 casino floor workers. While the dealers were friendly, they had a mass restructure and some had not dealt that particular game in years. Everything was tight. It was NOT enjoyable to gamble there. It wasn't just us. There was no excitement on the floor at all. I would suggest other casinos if you like to gamble. HIGH limits all through the day. To boot, the show in the sky was on vacation, so there was really no atmosphere.We recieved 2 nights free, so in that respect, it was worth it. However, there is nothing special about the Rio and I really feel no need to return anytime soon.	
Oct 1 2009 	GREAT TIME AS ALWAYS AT THE RIO	Stayed from 27 to 29 September at the Rio. Requested and was granted a room at the Ipanema Tower - definitely the best location in relation to getting anywhere in the casino. The slots killed me the first day but then in the morning of my second day I hit a $1003 jackpot and then in the late evening took another $500 out of there. Ate at the Carnival World Buffet - everything was fantastic. Was almost mad I couldn't eat more - couldn't even get to the Italian section the first night - too many great items to choose from. Only 2 tacky things to write about - first - what is up with the hookers? I've never seen so many &quot;working ladies&quot; flagrantly strutting their stuff in the open. Maybe it's the economy, because you can tell these ladies were amateurs. Don't know if there is a hooker school anywhere but these ladies should attend. If I was a cop I could have arrested about 5 women the first night. No discretion whatsoever. Second - the maintenance staff was performing upkeep on the backup generator, so I was trapped in my room from 2 to 4 a.m. If you were on the casino, you couldn't get to your room, and if you were in your room, you weren't going anywhere. But other than these two hiccups, I have to say, I won't stay anywhere else when I go to Vegas. Love the Rio. Great location, great rooms, great food, pretty decent paying casino. What more can you ask for?	
Oct 1 2009 	Pool area was disgusting...rest of hotel only okay	My room itself wasn't dirty and most of the public areas were quite clean, but the pool area was just gross. The pools had a &quot;ring around the tub&quot; of gray brown soap scum like stuff. The sand surrounding the pools had been used as one large ashtray and there were cigarette and cigar butts just about everywhere I looked. Also, this is just a little thing, but in the elevators to the rooms of the Masquerade Tower, where we stayed, you have to reach over a garbage can to press the elevator call button. It just grossed me out to have to reach over a garbage can like that. And I'm not normally an ultra fastidious person. And just a warning, because smoking is allowed on the gaming floor, all of the public areas on the first floor seemed quite smoky. For some reason, it seemed worse in the Rio than other casions we entered. On the good side, it was nice to be in a hotel off the strip, the restaurants in the resort were quite good and Penn and Teller play at the resort. My room was quite spacious and the rooms do come with a small fridge. The resort runs a shuttle between the Rio and their sister properties so getting to the strip when you want is quite convenient.	
Sep 30 2009 	GREAT STAY--WILL RETURN	When we checked in we were told they didn't have a room for us after I had already paid for it. They put us in the PENTHOUSE SUITE. WOW it was very hard to leave the room the next day &amp; go to our regular suite, but the 2 of us had 3 bathrooms, floor to celing window views &amp; two bedrooms. We felt like rock stars. Slots were tight there, Ghost bar was a blast &amp; the whole stay was excellent no complaints ever. Will Return!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Second visit better than the last time	I have stayed at the Rio twice both for business. When checking in around 3 PM on a Thursday there was a very long line and only three employees checking people in. Since there was a convention in town you would think they would staff it a little better. I stayed this time in the Masquerade Tower which is newer than the Ipanema Tower and what a difference. I remember the Ipanema tower as being very outdated and the water pipes in my room gurgled every time someone nearby flushed. The Masquerade tower is where you want to stay. I had a room with a king bed; the room was clean and updated no complaints. The casino is average in my opinion, I prefer others but many in my group enjoyed themselves winners and losers. I am still very disappointed in the Rub BBQ restaurant I LOVE BBQ and after reading the story behind it, the food stinks plain and simple. I have eaten their four times and had four different entrees and nothing is done well for the price you pay. The side-sauces on the table are excellent but that is about it. The All American Grill is good for a sandwich or quick bite. If you're a Starbucks fan there are two in the hotel. If you like to workout, its $20/day to use their health club....really. Checking out was quick....they are well staffed on that end. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay at the Rio but it was fine this time around.	
Sep 26 2009 	Never again.	My wife and I stayed at the Rio for the first time in 2000 and we had a wonderful time. We have visited Las Vegas five times since then, and have stayed at various casinos. This month, September 2009, we decided to stay at the Rio again. What a difference nine years (and a recession) makes! First of all, it took several hours to actually secure a room, once we had checked in. The room we were given did not have a working safe, or a coffee maker. These are two amenities important to us and were lead to believe we would have them. Also, the show Masquerade in the Sky was now only showing Thursdays through Sundays (not every day like nine years ago), but it was also completely cancelled during the weekend that we were there. We never did get to see it. I stood in line for quite a while at the cashier’s counter to cash some traveler’s checks (clearly the casino was under-staffed), and when it was my turn to proceed, I was interrupted by a fellow who was a “silver card” member, which gave him priority. I feel that I pay good enough money at that casino to be treated equally, and not as a second class guest. All-in-all, the stay was a disappointment. Our pleasant memories have dissolved and we will not be back.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great trip-exceded our expectations	After reading so many negative reviews, we were a little hesitant to stay at the Rio. I am so glad we did. We have stayed at the Rio before, but it had been about 3 years ago. I was imagining an old run down hotel after reading reviews on TA. It was not the case. This time we stayed in the Impanema Tower, in a remodeled king non-smoking room. (937). It had a great view of the strip and the pool. Yes, the casino is not brand new, but I love the Rio casino. The dealers are very friendly and I cannot say that about several of the other 5 star casinos.We had room service every morning. The first morning we both ordered a complete breakfast, and a caraffe of coffee..(no coffee makers in room). The two breakfasts were too much food for us. So, the other mornings we ordered one breakfast and split it. We are not huge breakfast eaters, so it was more than enough. And, also...the half caraffe was plenty coffee for both of us. We also ate at All-American Bar and Grill...great food, terrific burgers and salads. Also, Hamada Japanese is wonderful too. They have an all you can eat sushi special!! Good sushi too! We didn't eat at RUB BBQ this time, but we have before and it was awesome! And, being from the South, I am picky about my BBQ!Check-in was a breeze, and checkout was too. We had comps, so they took some of our charges off our bill. Charge everything to your room, and if you gamble, ask if they can use some of your comps. We stay at the Rio because of the comps. They are always very generous. We have stayed at Monte Carlo, Harrah's, Bally's, Cesear's, NYNY...but I prefer Rio over all of them. Yes, you have to take a taxi or a shuttle to the strip...but I love Rio...it's worth it. Who wants to walk that much in the desert heat anyway!!Overall, great trip...I can't wait to go back.	
Sep 23 2009	The rio a little dissipointed	first, the rooms were perfect. Clean, and great beds , big rooms, with TV, and minibar, did not use. Also a fridge in the closet under the safe.  The room service was very good, fast and even our eggs were hot! It took about 15-20 min both times.  Shower has great pressure( this is important to woman with thick hair...believe me). Hair dryer, iron and board in closet as well. No on site laundry room for guests.( I hate bringing dirty clothes home, but that's just me.) here is what was disappointing, and it's all bad economy related with one exception. The buffet was not what I am used to, and much of it was warm or cold, nothing was hot. Many items did not seem fresh. I heard other complaints as well so after a walk through, we choose to eat elsewhere. Their were several unhappy people, I can attest to that.  during the week, no stage show, no show in the sky and no girls dancing. Nothing, so thats why we were dissipointed as those changes are NOT mentioned anywhere on the website. VERY dissipointed as I only gamble slots there as they have no low limit tables. all min of 10 even in the daytime.  So why stay in a place you won't gamble??? The last couple of times to Vegas, it wasn't like this and at 45 bucks a room, I was excited to go. No complaints about the room at all, and the view was great. and because we couldn't gamble at the hotel, we saved money! LOL So that is good to, but if you are staying at the Rio for the famous atmosphere, forget it . Right now, it is no different than staying at the Strat, except the Strat has a nicer casino and lower min tables.  Also, the staff here at the Rio was Wonderful! every person we had the occasion to deal with.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Service Great Staff Great Room	Why would anyone want to stay on the Strip when there is a great casino 3/4 mile away from all the nonsense. The Rio came highly recommended, and did they deliver! The food was outstanding, the suite large and comfortable, and service with a smile. When we go back to Vegas, it will definitely be to the Rio.	
Sep 22 2009 	what a difference a few months make	I have stayed at the Rio at least six other times, usually 2 times a year. This trip the slots were soo tight, it was also obvious there were changes to some of the bonuses of the slot machines (especially the pinball), the bottom tier would not light up when you had the bonus. Anyway, the casino was virtually empty until Thursday when oh, my gosh, all these people with kids running around in the casino at all hours of the night, running up and down the halls and even though we called the front desk at 1 a.m. on the morning our flight left at 6 a.m. because of the screaming, yelling and carrying on by kids? or adults? could not tell the difference. Stayed in the Mascarade tower which is in need of a total makeover. The bed was so uncomfortable I had back pain after the first night. The buffet was not as good as it had been previously, we went to the Orleans which is great for breakfast and/or lunch. We rented a car which made searching for food much easier. The best meal we had the entire five days was a lunch buffet at Arizona Charlies. Our trip downtown was rewarded with loose slots and our trip to the Silverton Casino was also rewarded with very loose slots. Overall, our trip was great, just very disappointed in the Rio. The housekeeper opened the curtains each day even though we requested the curtains to remain closed to keep the room cooler, the air conditioner was set at 55 it had to be at least in the 80's. Not sure if I will return or not to the Rio. So disappointed.	
Sep 17 2009 	A nice off strip hotel	We stayed at Rio September 6-10th. Our room was in the Ipanema Tower. We requested a room with a view of the strip and the front desk was happy to oblige. Our room was clean and comfortable. The suite is actually one large room. There is a desk and a sitting area with a sofa, chair and coffee table. The bathroom was located just around the corner and has a sink. There is also large vanity outside of the bathroom with its own sink.  The Carnival World buffet is not to me missed. Although it is a bit pricier than other Vegas buffets, there is an outstanding selection of food. The waitstaff was prompt to refill drinks and remove used plates. It is best to have dinner early as there is a long line to get in after 5:30 PM.  The pools at the Rio were unheated and unbearably cold. Dip your toes in first. I was in the water up to my waist and had to get out after about ten minutes. I could not stand the cold water any longer. One of he best features of the Rio was the free shuttle to Harrahs and Paris. There are two shuttle buses that start at 10AM and go until 1AM. The buses run every half hour. In the evenings the buses run a little late due to traffic on the strip. The casino was not overly impressive. The slot machines are tight as a drum. We did have a great time playing rapid roulette there. I was more impressed with the casinos Harrah's and Paris I would definitely stay at the Rio again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Stay	This was our second stay at the Rio. We really liked it last year when we went and again we were not in the least bit disappointed this time either. We had a 2 minute wait to check in and we checked out using the access on the television. We contacted the concierge several times during our stay for assistance with some of our plans and were treated great each time. Rooms are large and clean, beds comfortable. I do wish the pool hours were longer as they close by 6. We had a great time and will probably stay again on our next visit.	
Sep 14 2009 	Enjoyed My Stay	I booked a Deluxe &quot;Suite&quot; directly using my Total Rewards Card a received a rate averaging $45 usd a night which I was very pleased with. Checked in on 9-6 for five nights, I was nice to the desk clerk and she gave me me a suite with a partial view of The Strip, which was gorgeous at night, and the mountain view during the day was great.Three different housekeepers during my stay and I made it a point to leave them a tip on a daily basis.They all did a terrific job keeping my suite spotless and cleaning it in the morning while I was out and about which was important to me.I did not have any of my meals in the Rio as I thought they were overpriced. I had coupons out of the ACG for 50% off and went next door to the Gold Coast and thought the dinner buffet was good and the lunch buffet very good. Also, if the reader is looking for a place to buy beer/liquor, the Gold Coast has excellent prices; compared to other hotels and the Stage Door which is often recommended, but high-priced IMO.The Rio is a 20 min. walk to The Strip, which wasn't bad in the morning, and as others have commented there are free shuttles to Harrah's and Paris.I also walked down to The Palms which is ten minutes away. Very reasonably priced breakfast &amp; lunch buffets there too. If the reader is looking for a McDonald's, that's the place for you as there is one in the Food Court.Bottom Line: I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Rio again as it met or exceeded my expectations.	
Sep 14 2009 	the eighties called...they'd like their brass and glass back....	the rio is a tired, old hotel with a boring casino and outdated rooms....apparently new owners are allowing this once grand gem to decay and let terribly go....no amount of brasso polish could bring lustre back to the glory days...we stayed in the largest suite possible...masquerade...1600 sq ft...paint peeling....wallpaper peeling....shoe scuff marks on the ceiling above the king size bed????....and brass and glass everywhere....you know you're out of date when these high roller suites???? still have sony trinitrons in the armoires....buzio's closed 2 days a week...no penn and teller....masquerade in the sky dark....no wonder the place was empty most of the time	
Sep 9 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised!!!	I stayed at the Rio with a group of friends 10 friends over labor day weekend for my bachelor party. After reading many of the reviews on here we were very hestitant to book a room here. However, we were on a budget and the air/hotel combo promotion we wanted to use didn't have many hotel options available. Fortunately I didn't regret the decision at all. I lowered my expectations after reading these reviews, but even if I hadn't, I would have been very satisifed. We arrived at about 11:00pm on a Friday night. There was a considerable line to check in, which took about 30-40 minutes. Once we were to the front of the line, the process went relatively quick. They guy at the front desk worked fast... don't expect anybody to kiss your rear, they are down to business at the check in, to help make your wait shorter. He knew we were in a group so he did everything he could to get our rooms close together. All of them were pretty close except for one, but they were all in the Ipanema tower. I didn't see the rooms in the other tower, but based on the pics posted on here they are WAY nicer. They are not true suites like many have already said, but they are much larger than standard rooms and have been updated with newer furniture. Beds were comfy, AC was cold, and the rooms were very clean. Absolutely no complaints about the amenities.My friends and I brough several bottles of alcohol in our luggage so we didn't have to go searching for a liquor store. I read the forums on here and had the impression it is difficult to find. It is not! The hotel had canned beer for a reasonable price ($15.99 for a 12 pack) and fifths of alcohol which was definitely more, but not extremely outrageous. Other items like water and pop were a bit out of line ($3+ each). I was also pleasantly surprised by the gambling here. I had the impression table minimums were going to be $30 during peak hours. There are higher end tables, but I was always able to find a $10 minimum table. I liked the video roullette in particular... only a $2.50 min per spin. Slots were a bit tight, but not as tight as the ones in the airport. They were a little looser across the street at the Gold Cost. The food is on the expensive side as well, so for more reasonable prices, walk 5 minutes to the Gold Coast. Their buffet was mediocre, but a lot cheaper. After our first night it was close to 4:00am when we came back to the hotel and the only place we found to eat was the American Bistro, which had a 30 minute wait... at 4am!?!? This is when we actually discovered the deals at the Gold Coast. There is a 24 hr Friday's their which has 1/2 off appetizers and $5 primo drinks at the off hours... definitely worth the walk. The location of the Rio was not the best, but certainly not a deal breaker. Even if you're right on the strip you'll do a ton of walking. Take the shuttle or cabs when you can. We walked so much there were several moments I wished I was paralyzed just so I wouldn't be walking. We came out of Cesars Palace once and my buddy was soooo sure the Rio was &quot;RIGHT THERE... Less than a block a way man&quot;. After a half hour of walking in the 80 degree midnight heat, I hated him for talking me into it. The only slight disappointment I had about the Rio was that they closed the Saphire pool. I heard it was overpriced, but we were willing to check it out one day. The pool scene that remained was pretty weak. We strolled down by 11:00ish and almost all the chairs were taken. There are definetly more family oriented areas, but even the othere end of the pool didn't have much of an exciting scene. It was kinda cramped and dirty. I accidently got some pool water in my mouth and was weirded out by how salty it was... did they truck it in from L.A.? Overall, my expereince was very good and I cannot complain about the Rio. Don't believe all the bad reviews... go with an open mind and have fun!	
Aug 31 2009 	Nice room...but...	OK, I'll start with the good. The check-in line was short, the clerk was pleasant, and the room was OK. It took a while to cool down on a hot August day, but overall it was good.Valet parking service was consistently good, and when I left my players card in my room a staff member was able to get me a new one even though the Total Rewards desk wasn't open yet. So kudos for that.But the casino overall was NOT pleasant. The bartenders seemed almost surly, and prowled the bar making sure that maximum bets were being placed. I play max anyway, but felt like I was being &quot;checked up on&quot; every time I played a hand. And speaking of &quot;prowling&quot;, let's just say there were a lot of working gals prowling around at all hours. I'm not a prude, but it gets old.I also found the casino to be very dirty, bottles and wrappers everywhere, overflowing ashtrays, just not a pleasant atmosphere. And when ordering rum and cokes from the cocktail waiter (yes, a guy!) on the floor, I was served a glass of melted ice with barely any coke OR rum in it.So, can't complain about the room, but, despite having a little luck at the casino, I can't recommend the place. It needs to be cleaned up, in several ways...	
Aug 29 2009 	loved it	Beautiful, clean, comfortable, fun...just excellent	
Aug 29 2009 	Good Hotel Good Service Fair Location	I spend about 7 weeks a year in Las Vegas, staying mostly at the Las Vegas Hilton...While I generally get treated better at the Hilton, the Rio was sufficient for a great weekend stay for the bachelor party I attended in Vegas.Check in was a little slow, but I did arrive late on a Friday night. My room was clean and comfortable, modern and fresh. The great thing about the Rio are the sizes of the room. While they call them 'suites', it's more-or-less an oversized room, maybe you could call it a studio suite...But it has one TV (not a flatscreen), and one bathroom. (I always end up with a 'suite' at the Hilton, and there's always 2 bathrooms, 2 TVs and at least 2 separate rooms--that, to me, is a real 'suite'). Some report of old, tired rooms, but I asked at check-in for a 'renovated' room and was given one--looked like it had been re-done in the last year or so.Service at the hotel is great, the dealers and gaming floor people are very friendly and the maids always say 'hi' when passing them in the hallway. The restaurants in the hotel kept odd hours (I wanted Chinese for lunch one day, but didn't open until 4 and there's a breakfast-only place that closes at 11). The staple 24-hour place is the All-American Bar &amp; Grill, which had a limited menu and marginal food and often came with a wait for a table...A small place for a hotel of the Rio's size.Their poker room is okay, not great, but was never much of a wait to get into a game. Their tournaments are small--they have a nightly 7PM tourney--I never got into it because the most they had (on a weekend) was 10 players.I didn't select the Rio, the bachelor did, but I'd stay here again...It is off the strip, which is fine with me, but could be a concern for those looking the action that comes with comparable properties like Harrah's or Paris. I do believe they offer a shuttle to the other Harrah's properties on the strip, but we always took cabs or limos.	
Aug 26 2009 	Dream suite	Our hotel suite was a great surprise! We took Hollywood Honeymoon Suite and it was just beautiful, very clean and the most confortable bed of my life. The hotel has everything what you need, nice shops, bar, casino and good restaurants. It's location is not the best, and it's far from elegance, but very trendy for young people.	
Aug 26 2009 	Don't believe the bad reviews!	Was a little hesitant to stay here after reading many negative reviews. They couldn't have been more WRONG. This place had superb service while checking in, room cleaning, and checking out. The room was very large, updated and cleaned every day with no problems. Had a great view of the pool and the strip. I would recommend this hotel to my friends. If you have questions of the staff, just ask and they will do their best to help you out.	
Aug 25 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!!	This hotel is horrible! Rooms need definite upgrading! Carpets filthy, beds very uncomfortable...We requested a king suite non smoking. The room reeked of cigarette smoke...they were supposed to de-odorize the room while we were gone for 3hrs. but of course they never got around to it. We stayed 1 night then went to Ballys. Don't be fooled this is NOT a nice hotel.	
Aug 25 2009 	Very nice one stop hotel has it all (except longer pool hours!!)	What a pretty and very clean hotel. Our room was a standard suite. It was the perfect size for ourselves and our 4 and 6 year olds. There are shops to look around in. A fun group of pools with waterfalls. A favorite for the kids was the sandy beach pool (BE SURE to bring your childs bucket and shovel....we forgot). No coolers are allowed in the pool area and bags are checked. They have a nice little walk up food hut with everything from sushi to burgers. The drinks are reasonable. Buy a 4 dollar soda and you get self serve refills all day-that was a handy bargain! Your cup will get old and tear, but they gladly replace it for you. We were not happy that the pool area closes at 6pm. With small children, we typically do the pool in the morning and late afternoon to avoid the strongest sun rays. After getting to the pool at 4:30 on the day of our arrival, we soon learned the pool closed. We aren't sure if this was standard in Vegas or not. We endured by reapplying sunscreen and spending the whole day at the pool.Food with kids here is easy. One night we ate at the deli in the casino. They have a chinese restaurant and a grill with hot dogs, sandwiches, burgers and pizza. It is next to the sports book. Although with chidren you cannot sit in the sports book, nearby seating allowed my husband to enjoy some sports entertainment. This was a very economical dinner. We took our leftover pizza and kept it in our room's refrigerator for a cold snack the next day. The huge Carnival Buffet was pricey for kids (16.99 for dinner ), but was worth their having food choices and our own as well. The food was very good. The gift shop in the casino has a great little food shop with fresh sandwiches (packaged), cereal, donuts, chips, nuts, candy, drinks etc. and was very handy along with our room refrigerator. Kids ate cereal each morning.Nice place to take the kids!!!!	
Aug 23 2009 	It's average...If you want better you need to go to a 5-star	I just returned from a 5 day stay at the Rio with my boyfriend. Upon arriving, I was terribly disappointed in the rooms in the Masquerade Village. The elevators are flithy! The rooms are a little trashy. The decor is totally inconsistent with the theme of the hotel, and is very dated. The carpets are dirty and stained. We were moved from the 31st to the 34th floor because the first room was dirty (crumbs, dirty bathroom, and nasty carpet). The front desk was rather accomodating with the room change. The room temp stayed on 65, but it was constantly warm in the room. The maid service was very timely though! The refrigerator didn't work very well at all. The casino is probably one of the smokiest ones I've seen in Vegas with the exception of a couple of dumps on Freemont Street. To be as large as the Rio casino is, the air doesn't flow well, but it is rather cool which is great. The cocktail servers in the casino are more on it than some I've seen in other places too! The casino is clean, and the restrooms and other common areas are too. The pool is not bad. Lots of kids at the beach which was a bummer. That is one thing that makes the Rio unique, and you just couldn't enjoy it with so many kids running around. There are 4 pools to choose from, but one was closed every day for cleaning preparing for the weekend. The pool just closes a bit too early for Vegas, 6 pm.The food at the Rio was actually pretty good! I only at breakfast and lunch there, but both were great. The food in the Sports Book deli is tasty. The World Carnival Buffet is great for your money! The Sao Paulo Cafe has good breakfast and good prices too with super service. The shuttle that takes you to the strip, either to Paris or Harrahs, was the best. Very timely and efficient! This really cut down on cab fare and is a great feature,...use it!The Show in the Sky is entertaining for a few minutes. I wouldn't let any kids watch it though...it's pretty provactive for being FREE! The singers and dancers are talented, and fun to watch. The best part of the whole trip, my boyfriend was propositioned by 2 prostitutes our last night there! They were hanging out in the Masquerade Village by a slot machine. We've been to Vegas A LOT, and that has NEVER happened to him in Vegas proper much less in a respectable casino!	
Aug 22 2009 	Place sucks no comps everything but air costs mega bucks	Decided to stay at the Rio while playing in the World Series of Poker (WSOP). However unlike the Mirage and other fine hotels they give NO COMPS for poker players. Kinda weird as they were hosting the WSOP. My friends played black jack and 3 card poker till the wee hours of the morning each night and racked up an amazing $20 in comps over 4 days which is just disgraceful. I was playing ring games (limit poker) at the mirage and getting two $20 vouchers a day. Rooms were nice but everything came at a price. Got a package delivered via Fed EX, cost $5 to pick up my package from the business office. I looked at the guy and asked him if there was anything that they did NOT charge for. He thought for a minute and then gave an honest answer, NO! Received a 5 page fax and faxed back 2 pages, that will be 30 bucks thank you very much. Went to the cashier to draw out some money with a Debit card. The lady said the transaction would cost $40! However she was nice enough to tell me I could use the ATM machine around the corner for $5. Will definitely stay at the Mirage if I go back.	
Aug 21 2009 	Be Careful	I am sure many of you have read through many reviews and are wondering why there is a mix. I had the same question. Maybe I have so insight that can help you. My flight from Vegas was cancelled and we had to stay another night in sin city. We treated ourselves and stayed in the Palazzo all week but didn't want to extend ourselves for an extra night. We decided to stay at Rio the cheaper option. One thing we noticed is the picture you see online of the rooms MAY NOT BE WHAT YOU ARE GIVEN. The room we initially checked into looked nothing like the rooms that are advertised. It was dated (looked like a suite from 1980's) worn, and dirty. We immediately called to complain and were switched to another room but noticed the room was drastically different. It was remodeled and updated. Although it still did not look anything like what was advertised it was much better. I went online to read additional reviews and noticed the pictures uploaded were all drastically different. This may be the reason why some reviewers loved Rio and other hated it. Some rooms were very nice others looked like the one we checked into initially. All in all if you are looking for a cheaper room in Vegas, book at Rio just remember you get what you pay for and make sure you speak with someone and request an updated suite!!!!!	
Aug 21 2009 	Don't Believe The Bad Reviews - I'll Be Back!!!	I have to say that I have no clue what some of the people that are reviewing their stay at Rio Suites are talking about. Almost everything about my recent stay was awesome. So here comes a true review and honest account of my stay at Rio Suites from July 22nd thru July 27th, 2009 ( it was a long stay and I did a lot of things, so excuse anything that may be omitted ): The Arrival:I arrived at Rio Suites about 1:30PM. First great thing to note, the Check-In desk is near the door so there is no need to make a lengthy trek with a bunch of luggage as may be customary with other hotels. While in line I was entertained with a television screen of the “goings-on” at the Rio, as well as other Harrah-owned Casinos located in Las Vegas. If you have a cell phone ( who doesn’t nowadays ) get ready to send a text message and Rio will reward you with various offers throughout your stay.According to Rio’s Policy, the Check-In time is 4:00PM, yet I have never ( okay once, at one of their different hotels ) had to wait for a room. I was in my room by about 2:15ish. It was a beautiful room with a magnificent view of The Strip – unfortunately there was no internet access in that tower. In Rio’s defense, upon Check-In I did not specify I need a room with internet access, but again, I was not asked that question either. The front desk ( I believe his name was Charles or Charlie ) promptly sent a staff member to the room with a key to a new room with internet access ( and on a higher floor, too ). Now let me stop for a minute because it is necessary to highlight a feature that can be overlooked – the elevators. I don’t think I ever waited more than a few minutes for an elevator going up to my room or going down to the casino – this includes the busy time of the weekends, as well as during Check-In and Check-Out times when foot traffic is at its highest.I won’t go into detail with the room. Suffice it to say that I was very happy with everything about it: Lots of pillows on the beds; a nice television with quite a few channels; good water pressure and lots of hot water for a lengthy shower; plenty of closet space; an in-room safe and refrigerator; a separate area from the bathroom with an additional sink and a huge counter to get ready ( I think it is called a vanity area? ); couch, coffee table, desk and plenty of lamps to light up the room or give an ambient glow – depending on the mood. There may be more, but these are the amenities that stood out most to me.Some reviews stated that the food was expensive and the machines in the casino didn’t pay-off. I found my meals ( mainly at All-American Bar &amp; Grille ) to be reasonable priced and the food very good. Although there was a Starbucks right by the elevators that I take to my room, I found the coffee at AAB&amp;G to be just as good as what I would get at Starbucks. Let me side track again to highlight another feature which is that the gift shop is right by the elevators as well, making it very convenient to run down and grab whatever you may need ( be it some alcohol, a bag of chips, water or toothpaste ). I did not have the need to shop for anything, but found the location very appealing … just in case. As for the machines not paying-off – I hit quite a few nice hands in video poker which allowed me to keep entertained while enjoying some sports on television and Rock-n-Roll music over the speakers – and, of course, the drinks keep getting poured.I guess this is as good time as any to mention the various members that make up the staff:My main reason for eating at All-American Bar &amp; Grille is because of the bartenders/waiters. Every one of them that I encountered was VERY courteous, friendly and helpful. I won’t go into great detail about the helpful part, but just know that they will make sure you are taken care of, no matter what “shape” you show up there – they know The Rio is one big party!For the most part, everyone at the Rio took care of business – be it the front desk, the room cleaning service, the Total Rewards customer service, the waiters/waitresses, bartenders, etc … Overall, I was more than satisfied with their service and attention. Sure, there may have been one person that was going through “something” and didn’t offer their absolute best, but that was quickly overshadowed by other staffers. When I did play a table game, the dealers were in a good mood, which always makes it more pleasurable to play, whether you are winning or losing. Cool story, I was wandering around the casino floor – lots to see – and wasn’t paying too much attention to the people around me, when I accidentally bumped into a rather large man with long dark hair. As I turned to excuse myself, lo and behold, it was Penn Gillette and, beside him, kind of snickering, was Teller. As they walked to their Showroom, people were waving and hollering to them. They acknowledged some people with a glance and smile. Like I said, just about everyone at the Rio that I encountered was courteous and friendly.Here’s a little bit of the downside and not in a bad way: There is A LOT to do and see at the Rio. There is really no reason to leave the premises. I didn’t use the pool or even go to the pool area, but I did have a slight view of it from the room. It didn’t look overly crowded which is nice, but it wasn’t quiet either. The Show in the Sky is not to be missed – there are a lot of reviews about it, so I won’t say anything else except, yes, I got my beads. McFadden’s is a good place to eat – a little pricey and if you want a raucous time – go there at night … it is WILD!!!As I am not much of a Clubber, I went to VooDoo Lounge in the early evening. The view from the patio is a “MUST-SEE” ( I was told that by many people and now I am saying it ). I didn’t spend a lot of time inside, but it looked really interesting the way it was decorated. Again, there are many reviews so I won’t go into detail.They allowed me a later Check-Out time which is nothing new and always nice ( that’s just Harrah’s taking care of customers ). It didn’t take all that long to get through the line ( I usually check out electronically, but wanted to have the “full” experience ).I have always wanted to stay at Rio Suites since they opened and finally fulfilled this dream. Was it worth the wait … ABSOLUTELY! I have already booked a room when I return in September and personally, I CAN’T WAIT!!!The only two things that I can think of that may not have been to my expectations are: (1) The view from the room, which was supposed to overlook The Strip, was very limited. In Rio’s defense, I did not request a “specific” view and, by all accounts, I could see &quot;some&quot; of The Strip from my room.(2) The wait time for the shuttle from the Rio to The Strip. In Rio’s defense, I am a “mover” and don’t like to wait around, so even 15 minutes seems too long for me. Other than that, when I did get the shuttle, the driver was very courteous and the shuttle was comfortable and air conditioned.I know I left a lot out, but this is getting to be a very long review – not to mention that there are some things that happen in Vegas that stay in Vegas!	
Aug 20 2009 	The worst place to stay	I was at the Rio on vacation during the stay we had problems with Ants in the room. I would not stay here again. We contacted the manager and moved us to a room that had no view. This was the worst vacation we had in 25 years.	
Aug 18 2009 	Definately down hill	I had stayed at this hotel, about 20 years ago when it first opened. At that time a great hotel, but to far from the strip. Since then I have been to almost every other hotel in Vegas. I returned to the Rio since a conference I was attending was taking place there. I always get comps, and this was no different. This hotel is a shambles. The rooms are worn and old, the casino almost seems like it belongs downtown. And when I asked for &quot;top shelf&quot; drink...aka Kettle One, I was told I had to be a Platinum Card Member (my play rating is about $150 per hand). Since I don't play a Harrahs card that often, I am not rated. The staff is non existant. I actually spoke with several staff member, pit bosses, casino credit, etc. and they said the place has gone downhill since Harrah's took over.No more Harrah's Properties for me..back to MGM/Mirage.	
Aug 18 2009 	Don't be afraid to stay here!	Many of the recent Trip Advisor reviews for the Rio have been less than complimentary so I was not real interested in staying there. However, my traveling companion was able to persuade me as he had a lot of Harrah's Total Rewards points to pay for his room with and I got a really good weekend rate for an August stay ($70 Sat night &amp; $40 Sunday night). After many hours of delays on my flight to Las Vegas, I got to the Rio about 7PM on a Saturday night. When I had made my reservation in February I had requested a smoking king handicapped room near the elevator in the Ipenema Tower. Well, 3 out of 5 ain't bad I suppose - the hotel was completely full due to a number of weekend conventions and all they were able to provide to me was a non-smoking king room near the elevator in the Ipenema Tower. Since many hotels are non-smoking now, I am used to staying in a non-smoking room and smoking outside the room and it wasn't a problem. I was just in my room to sleep, shower and change clothes!My room was on the 10th floor of the Ipenema Tower with no strip view - it overlooked Flamingo Road. But since I kept the curtains drawn at all times due to the strong sunshine and 106 degree temperature, no view was not an issue. The room was very comfortable - like some of the other reviewers, I do not feel that a large room with a couch, easy chair, coffee table and some floor lamps, as well as the bed area with a king sized bed and 2 nightstands is a suite. As far as I am concerned a real suite has at least 2 rooms with a door separating the bedroom from the living room!The bed was very comfortable, the pillows were plentiful, feather and wonderful, the room was clean &amp; the fridge and safe in the closet worked . The toilet flushed fantastically well (it was like toilets on cruise ship - woosh!!), the hot water in the shower and sink were plentiful and the shower had some of the best water pressure I have ever experienced in a hotel. No complaints with anything in my room except that the air conditioning could have worked a little better. I had the thermostat set on 63 and it was still about 70 in the room. I would have liked it a little colder but it was fine for me.2 light bulbs were burned out in my room. Sunday morning (got in late Sat night and did not want to deal with it) after I got up and showered I called housekeeping around 7AM. The front desk operator answered as housekeeping wasn't open yet. I explained about the burnt out bulbs and the operator said someone would come that day to replace them. No more than 5 minutes after I hung up the telephone, there was a knock on my door. It was a maintenance man with pockets full of light bulbs!!! I could not believe my eyes!! I showed him which bulbs were out and he didn't have the right ones with him.He left and came back about 2 minutes later (the light bulb closet must have been down the hall for him to come and go so quickly!) and replaced the bulb in the bathroom straightaway. The lamp on the nightstand was actually unplugged for some reason. He just plugged in the lamp and low and behold, there was plenty of light!! I also told him that I would like a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign for my door and he got me one of those, too.The maintainance department at the Rio should be commended for their prompt and speedy response to calls reporting problems in a room!!! We did not eat in any restaurants or drink in any of the bars. I do not like to play the slots at the Rio, but put $5 in a machine just to let Harrah's know I was there.Since I arrived on a Saturday night there were a lot of drunk 20-somethings at the bars out for a good time. The parking garage is quite a walk to the Ipenema Tower so I just valet parked. Even though the hotel was full valet parking was fairly quick. The valet parking garage got full both nights so unless you were a Harrah's Total Reward Diamond (or above) member you had to park in the self parking garage.  I enjoyed my stay at the Rio but would not stay there again.. It is a way too large property for me - I prefer smaller hotels where I don't have to walk 5 miles to get to my room. However, I would not hesitate to recommend it to anybody., ENJOY!	
Aug 17 2009	Rio is as good as always!	We again stayed at the Rio in August 2009 thanks to a comp 2 night offer, we stayed before in December 2008 and the Rio didn't seem the same as this time, this time it was a little more upbeat. But make no mistake, the Rio is a great place, big and clean with a good vibe, close enough to the Strip but away from the Strip. Check in was easy at 3PM, got a great room on the 31st floor of the Masquerade Tower, it was great! They freshened the room up with some new paint, beds and bedding and new couches and contemporary lighting. It was nice, the Ipanema Tower rooms are more renovated if that's your preference. The Rio's casino was a little smokey but they all are, dined at the Carnival World Buffet, best in Vegas! Great selection and choice, overall, I definitely reccomend Rio to anyone looking for clean, HUGE accmodation.pros:Big updated room, they aren't suites just oversized rooms but I guess they qualify to be a suite because they certainly aren't your standard roomslarge floor to celing window offering jaw dropping strip viewsgood A/C, you'll need this in Vegas in the Summernice poolscons:expensive food outletspool closes WAY to earlysome cutbacks on entertainment due to economy	
Aug 16 2009 	Held on to $500 of my money for the duration of my vacation after I checked out.	At check-in we were asked for a $400 for a security deposit. We used a traveller's credit card which we were told would be an authorisation only. After checking out &amp; moving on to Tx (we still had 2 weeks left), we found out that the Rio had actually deducted $500 from our account. This was disputed with them until we showed them the card statement. Despite many e-mails, we only got our money back 5 days before the end of our holiday &amp; no-one at the Billing dept was the slightest bit interested that it was hampering our holiday. They've since e-mailed me to say I have to ring up to arrange a release of funds but I've been home for 5 days now! However, the room service was good, all staff were friendly, the free shuttle was great &amp; the drivers really friendly. The carnival buffet is fantastic and good value for money if you eat in the lunch time slot (up to 3.30pm) Sadly, the room was not that clean, a mark on the bath that looked like a chip was actually dirt and there was a used condom under the bed (were looking for dropped cash) and it was quite dusty taking into account that there was daily room service. I would say it is much more geared towards young single types because of the masquerade village and the voodoo lounge.	
Aug 15 2009 	All-suites? Define suite.	I stayed a week at the Rio last week and was surprised that my room was not what I would call a suite (in my definition a suite is where you have two separate rooms; one a bedroom and often the second more a living-room but that can double as a second bedroom.)The room (floor 29 in the Masquerade Tower) was nice for the price, and it included a fridge but no coffee maker (a fridge was a bonus for a Vegas hotel where free amenities are far between.)All of the restaurants were pricey, it was a challenge to find anything that would suffice as a meal for under $10 (even most appetizers were $10+.) The food was good and portions large, but I am more of a &quot;grazer&quot; and would have appreciated more low cost/small portion options. Luckily, Gold Coast was right across the street and I made daily trips there for breakfast and coffee (the Rio Starbucks was ~$3.50 for a grande brewed coffee, yikes! I payed &lt; $3 at the airport for the same thing!)The free show has changed recently, being Thurs-Sunday evenings only, and being much more adult-oriented. I miss the more carnival-like show they used to have. The casino is fairly small, and the convention hall is HUGE, takes 5+ minutes just to walk from the room to the convention facility. Some very nice art in the hall on the way to the convention though, if you like contemporary art.The hotel is clearly aimed at the younger crowd (probably trying to draw away business from the Palms across Flamingo Rd) and there were certainly a lot of young folks strutting their stuff (not a bad thing.) Although we did have a number of run-ins with prostitutes, so be forewarned.Even at the 29th floor, the &quot;boom boom&quot; from the pool audio was noticeable during the day, not that I cared. But I had to wonder how loud it was at lower floors.Probably the biggest negative to the Rio, in my mind, was the awful outfits they force their hostesses wear. Not only was it skimpy, but it looked like a giant black doily was cut up and pasted on them. How is that &quot;carnival&quot;? How about some color, some feathers, something floral? Terrible outfits; I heard from many of my co-workers that they were disgraceful and distasteful, Hooters was more tasteful and showed less flesh. If any Rio staff is reading this, get someone to come up with better designs for the hostesses to wear. This, above all else, makes me recommend against the Rio.	
Aug 14 2009 	great place	stayed at the Rio over a weekend. got to check in around 11pm check in was fast and friendly. Room was large and clean. Casino was busy and had a great atmosphere. table minimums were mainly $10 which is reasonable for a weekend. A few of the restaurants and the bowling alley were not open due to the current slowdown in Vegas. all the staff were knowledgeable friendly and the waitresses were plentiful and quick never sat long with an empty drink. if your looking for a place close to the strip but not on it. this is your place	
Aug 11 2009	Great Place to Stay!	Went to Las Vegas to get married. We had a large group of family &amp; friends with us. I was leary about staying at the Rio after reading some of the reviews, but after staying at the Rio for a week to celebrate our marriage, I will definately return their &amp; so will all the members of our party. We all stayed on the Ipamena Towers. Rooms were large &amp; clean, housekeeping was friendly &amp; did an excellent jobs &amp; for a couple dollars tips gave extra shampoo, lotion &amp; towels.. All the staff we met were pleasant &amp; eager to help. The swimming pool was fantastic, but closed at 6pm, like most vegas pools. The machines were fairly loose &amp; me &amp; my son won most of our money at the Rio &amp; lost it when we went to the other casinos. The food at the restraunts were kind of pricey, so we just walked across the street to Gold Coast cheap &amp; good buffet. We ate at the American Bar &amp; Griil at the Rio. Food was great &amp; so was the service. Definately going back to the Rio. Shuttle ran every 10 to 15 minutes. check in line was long, but moved quickly. We were lucky enough to catch the Show In The Sky which was fantastic. Thanks Rio! We had a great time &amp; enjoyed our stay! See you next time!	
Aug 6 2009 	Rio was the best got married and my suite was great!!! 10+++	I can not say enough about Rio and there staff were all great . I have no idea what people are saying when they write bad things . But i can tell you this don&quot;t pay any attention to them . Rio was so good to me and my whole family and i mean family all 50 plus the 1600 suite was in one word WOW. Please take my word it was a great place to stay at . the pool was very nice for the kids . And before i forget i got married in Vegas and i really recommend the Rio. Thanks Rio for making my wedding at Vegas great . and one more thing i did not get married at Rio . ans still got treated like a king .Lets not forget valvet paking staff 10+++ thanks again and see you soon john and linda gonzalez	
Aug 6 2009 	Don't belive the bad reveiws.... Great place to stay in Las Vegas	Have stayed at a number of Harrah’s other locations and thought we would try Rio this last trip. I was concerned with all the negative reviews but the place is great. Nice mix of young and older and the place has a “vibe” similar to a cruise ship. Didn’t experience anything negative like others wrote and definitely will return.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great room but the rest not the same	The room was really nice; we stayed 3 nights. One night was free and the other two were very cheap. This helped in making my decision where to stay while in Vegas. The in room safe was big enough to hold our laptop and two cameras (very important). Room service was very fast but expensive. We only ordered one breakfast to share and it was $25 no juice of coffee either. I plan my vacations around the hotels pools; this is where I do my relaxing. I was really disappointed with the Rios pool. We have stayed here before and we really liked the pool. But this time one of the pools was roped off and another was now an adult pool in which you have to pay to go in. This left only two pools. One was so crowded and small; the other was dirty and very cold. They didn’t even have the water fall running. (Not pretty) We didn’t play much at the casino; instead we walked to the Palms where we liked the casino much better. They also have a free shuttle to the strip, I recommend this if you catch the shuttle at the right time otherwise it’s just easier to grab a cab. I would recommend this hotel to anyone just because the rooms are so nice and cheap, but that’s about it.	
Aug 5 2009 	The demise of the Rio is overexaggerated!	After reading a few of the reviews posted here my buddies and I fully expected to show up at the Rio, be ignored or ridiculed by the entire staff and find a room that hadn't been cleaned in six months. Fortunately, we didn't encounter any of those problems.The staff was incredibly friendly. The gentleman who checked us in was cordial, informative and quick. Every staff member we encountered - from the front desk to the casino cages to dealers to housekeepers - always said hello and responded immediately to any requests or questions we had.Our party of four had adjoining rooms with so it was like having one big suite. No complaints ... both rooms were clean and everything worked. No problems whatsoever. Of course, we didn't go to Vegas to watch TV or soak in tubs or iron clothes so we may have missed a few glitches.Previous posters were right about one thing - whoever is running the casino at the Rio has lost his or her mind. The only time we found a table with less than a $15 limit was at 2 a.m. Amazing since there were plenty of dealers at empty $25 tables. Needless to say, we didn't gamble much there. Another small beef - for a hotel that hosts the World Series of Poker, the Rio sure doesn't put much stock into its poker room. I'm sure there was a valet who had an untied shoe or a Total Rewards team member who had a smudged nameplate but we're not that finicky.Overall, we had a great time. The Carnival Buffet is still very good and the drinks flowed freely anytime we were near a blackjack table or a slot machine. The Rio still is a great place to stay.	
Aug 1 2009 	great place to stay!!!	The hotel is about a 15 min walk to the strip 5 min drive. very nice hotel and very clean.Room service was fast and good even at 2am on a sat night!The only bad thing was the pool closes at 6pm! its still light outside at 6pm!!overall a very nice stay! the view from our room was of the city and the pool.our family was across the hall though and had a view of the roof top.not a good view at all! so if you stay ask for the rooms with the poolside view!	
Jul 29 2009 	Great stay again	We have stayed at the Rio before,although it has been awhile. We stayed at other Harrahs hotels over the years and we decided to stay at Rio this trip to Vegas. We read the reviews before leaving and not was sure if we made the right decision. But we did, had a GREAT time. Every need of ours was met and with NO problem. Room was clean and well serviced each day we were there. Was not a large suite like we had before but was enough for the two of us.Staff was great at check in and the cocktail servers were always around . The only thing I have bad to say, is the resturants were higher in price than the other Harrah property. We will stay at Rio from now on!!!! But eat some where eles.Would recommend Rio to friends.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great room weak casino	Rio has comfortable, large rooms that work well for friends traveling together. That being said, there were several issues with our stay. First, the room we were initially given had not been cleaned and even had a surprise for us in the toilet. When we went back to change rooms, we were given a room with a better view, but not one appreciably nicer. Still, the beds were comfy and the amenities were good quality.The casino, on the other hand, is woefully out of line with the current economic climate. The minimum table, even on a Wednesday afternoon, was $15. This is ridiculously myopic. Not surprisingly, the casino was empty our entire trip. We enjoyed the hotel, but never spent a cent there. We took the five minute walk to Gold Coast or the free shuttle to the strip whenever we wanted to gamble.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice room for the older crowd!!	Nice rooms but pool closes at 6pm? In Vegas? It is geared toward older folks and not for the younger crowds, staying on the strip would be better. Great benefit was the free shuttles to Paris or Harrah's that saved alot on cab fare I suggest using them as they are pretty timely they run every half hour and run until 1am. Overall a nice trip but will not be staying there until I am 45+.	
Jul 22 2009	Rio was a nightmare	I absolutely hated my stay at the rio. The staff was rude, the rooms were dirty, Room service never came to clean my room or bring me fresh towels. On top of it all the hotel allowed someone not in my party charge over $100 to my room without asking for proper ID. They could not even give me a reason on how they could let something like that happen. The staff at the Rio are careless, idiotic and I would never ever again give them or any of their other hotels my business.	
Jul 22 2009 	Horrible will never stay there again	When we arrived in our room the bath room floors were dirty and the toliet did not flush, I call housekeeping three times that day to fix toliet. Toliet was never fixed the handle kept breaking. Also I was billed for a spa treatment that i never sign for, someone used my room number to charge a day at the spa. I was furious to learn from the desk that anyone can call down for room services or charge items to the room without verifing ID or signature!!! I was told that this could also have been a key punch error. After the first night there housekeeping never clean our room. I received a 50$ comp card and the spa charges were removed from my bill but it was not worth the aggravation of trying to get room service just to clean and fix the toliet.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great hotel best of Harrah's properties in Vegas.	I have stayed at Rio numerous times over the years. I was a bit worried after reading some of the recent reviews, however I didn't experience any problem.The suite was very clean, and seemed to have a newer couch, bed and plush top mattress. It was very comfortable. I even happened to be in the elevator with one of the managers who asked me how my suite and to let her know if there are any problems.The pool is better than most. There are several pools in the pool area, and the kids tended to stay in a couple of them, while the adults swam in some others. It would be nice if the pool opened earlier than 10 AM during the week.The Spa is fantastic. Great service too!Restaurants--I ate at Carnival World Buffet (which was pretty good, but not as great as in the past); RUB BBQ which was very good, Sports Kitchen (great comfort food), and the All-American which had the best prime rib I have had in years ($25 for 20 oz!).The slots are very tight here...without question. I walked over to Gold Coast and won one almost everything I played, to make up for tight slots here. The table games were fine, and the dealers at Rio are great.The shuttle to the strip is convenient and easy. I like being off the strip.I wish the Lucky Strike Lanes would reopen. They closed it because they really don't want family activities at Rio, due to its new marketing strategy.	
Jul 20 2009 	Rio Suites provided a good value.	We stayed 5 nights on July 9th. We had a newly remodeled room in the Ipanema Tower. The TV reception was poor upon arrival. Housekeeping fixed the prolbem while we went to the pool. The switch on our hair dryer was broken and housekeeping switched it out right away. The room had a desk, couch, and a large dining room table. I requested a king size bed and a mountain view on my reservation. Check in was a little slow, but we did not have any problems. The hotel was cutting back on expenses by not running the Masquerade Show in the Sky. The pool area had plenty of chairs. The Carnival Buffet was very good.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location just off of the LV strip.	Stayed at the Rio for a special event and the hotel was well-prepared for the group's arrival. The staff were all friendly and attentive. Although we had requested a non-smoking room, the room smelled as if it had previously had been smoked in....the rooms across the hall were smoking rooms which housekeeping had to leave the doors open in the a.m. to air out before they could enter.	
Jul 19 2009 	Never stay at Rio Suite and Hotel	Just got back from vacation from Las Vegas, on our last night there we stayed at Rio!!! Big mistake. To start things off we had a horrible time checking in. We booked a non smoking room and when we got up to the room it had been smoked in very heavily. So I called the front desk and had to go back down and get a different room. Not as easy as you think, got the total run around until I spoke to the manager. Yes, the manager was very helpful and gave me a better room but it still was not the room that I booked. We go to the room and I was disappointed that it was not as nice as the last time that I stayed, but figured we could tough it out for one night. We checked out early to catch our flight and did not have to deal with the front desk again. After I returned home I was checking my checking account and seen they still had not returned my $50 deposit and that they also helped theirselves to another $150.00. I called to complain and they tried to tell me that it was for another night stay, I informed that I checked out by 6:30 a.m. on the 11th and they billed me for another night on the 14th. I tried to explain to him I had not been there in 3 days so why were they taking money out of my account. He could not explain to me why just that it would be investigated and I should know something in 5-10 days. So if anybody was thinking of staying at the Rio, I would run as fast as you can to another hotel.	
Jul 15 2009 	Big Disappointment	I was very disappointed with this hotel. The whole place was kind of dated, and it's completely isolated from the other hotels and casinos on the Strip. If you want to go ANYwhere, you need to take a cab or a shuttle. I had to make several ridiculously overpriced purchases at the &quot;necessities&quot; store (including bottled water), because I couldn't get to a drugstore or any other retail outlet to get what I needed without paying for a cab ride to the Strip. The free show that is offered was closed during my stay, so I can't comment as to whether or not that's worth the visit. The slots are tight. It's nearly impossible to win a dime, and the minimums on table games are high, considering this is an &quot;off-strip&quot; hotel. Other reviewers here have talked about the &quot;free drinks&quot; they were offered. I was not offered one single free drink, and had to pay for absolutely everything - even a simple diet coke while I was shelling out hundreds at the tables. The pools are nothing like they appear in the pictures. The &quot;Sapphire&quot; (topless) pool has a hefty cover charge, and the free pools were crowded and dirty. There was a little island of trash in one of the pools that wasn't cleaned in the five days we were there. The suites are spacious, but that's about it. You have lots of room, but what do you need all that room for? It's just empty space. The room was clean, but the decor was very dated and the rooms offered nothing special. You also have to pay $10 a day for internet access. I've been to Vegas several times in the past five years, and this is the first time I've had to pay for internet access. We visited two restaurants there, and we were disgusted by both. The &quot;All American Bar and Grill&quot; was absolutely wretched. I ordered a &quot;buffalo chicken sandwich&quot; that was like no other buffalo chicken sandwich I'd ever experienced. The chicken was like a pan-fried chicken patty, but huge - three times the size of the bun (which was rock hard), and drowning in sauce. I took one bite and had to leave the rest. Not only was it giant and a weird consistency, but it was kind of burnt and just plain didn't taste good. My boyfriend's salad was full of brown and rotted lettuce. The other restaurant we visited was the &quot;Carnival buffet.&quot; This buffet claims to be voted the &quot;best&quot; in Vegas, but it was exactly the same as every other buffet in Vegas. Actually, probably worse than other buffets. It served the same food as every other casino, but the vegetables were old, the bread was stale, and everything else was just bland and pointless. I took several different items and had just one bite of each. Not one item was worth a second bite, and definitely not worth a second helping. If you have any sort of taste for gourmet or fresh foods, do not eat at the Rio. If your diet consists mainly of highly-processed, high-fat, low-flavor foods, and you go for quantity over quality, you might enjoy it. We did partake of the snack bar in the pool area, and I was pleasantly surprised by the food there. It was fresher than the food in the buffet, and cooked made to order, right in front of you, though it was pretty pricey for a &quot;snack bar.&quot; We also ordered from room service for a late night snack. We were looking for nachos, which weren't on the menu, but we asked for them anyway, and the kitchen staff made us a special order. This food was surprisingly fresh and tasty. If you aren't interested in doing a lot of sight-seeing and just want to hang out at a casino and pool, and aren't very particular, this hotel would be fine. If this is your first visit to Vegas and you want to see everything, or if you want to spend a lot of time on the Strip or downtown, I would not recommend this hotel. You will pay a fortune in cab fees getting back and forth to the Strip. There is a free shuttle, but it only comes every half hour. And it's very often too full and you end up having to wait for the next one anyway. If you're going in the summer, this is a critical point. The weather is in the 90's - 100's every day, and you do not want to be waiting outside for a shuttle for over an hour in that kind of heat. Other reviewers described a Rio in the past with a Mardi Gras atmosphere. No more. The Rio was BORING. We went to Vegas on a relatively busy weekend - there was a UFC fight, and the World Series of Poker (which was happening AT the Rio), however this hotel was dead. It was very quiet, pretty empty, and there's really nothing to do there but eat bad food, lounge around a dirty pool, and lose money. The bars and &quot;nightlife&quot; were lame. I would not recommend this hotel, and I would not return.	
Jul 15 2009 	Best place to stay and play	Clean, friendly and the dealers are the best in vegas, I even say that when I lose. Pool should stay open later though.	
Jul 12 2009 	Total joke	Really poor in every possible way.1) Food was slow and clearly from frozen. How hard is it to make a hamburger patty? Difficult to get breakfast other than from the buffet, which we did once and it was so awful looking that I was tempted to get a manager to actually look at the quality of food that was being served. I will say that the girl working the omelet station was working very hard and putting out good food and that alone stopped me from saying anything at the time. So I got a $15 omelet- I could have gone over to Bouchon at the Venitan and paid the same thing for a world-class restaurant.2) They apparently refuse to clean the rooms. I had drink from the casino and left on the table in my &quot;suite&quot;. It sat on the table for my entire stay. Just to see if they would take it, I left it on the floor the final day and they did take it. So traveler's tip - if you want it picked up throw it on the floor.3) Casino host staff horrid - they either don't know that their job is hospitality or they just don't care. My friend and I show up after speaking to host on phone prior to arriving with credit lines approved. We setup a quick meet with casino host- host comes 10 minutes late and then couldn't be less interested in even having a conversation. To be clear, we didn't even ask for anything- just to say hello and introduce ourselves. We didn't even get a &quot;how was your trip&quot; or &quot;be sure to try XYZ&quot; while you are here.4) Cage employees and marker policy is a joke. Refused to give my markers back after paying for them via personal check- why did you do a credit check then? Was told them they would mail them to me in 5-10 days after my check cleared. I've never seen anything like this at other strip hotels.5) General unfriendliness of craps pit staff. Although the pai gow staff was very nice.6) Made us essentially pay for the entire stay with a deposit after checking in. A deposit so large that even with food and other charges they owed *Us* money on check-out. Two credit players essentially had to prepay for the room???? Can it be any more low rent?7) It took two calls to resolve my bathtub draining correctly. First call resulting in someone coming to the room but it wasn't fixed- you take a shower and you're standing in 3&quot; of water. On the second day I called and had to ask 3 times for a facilities manager who did send someone who could fix the problem, after trying to tell me that these things happen because its a 20 year old building. How about I pay for the room in today's prices adjusted for 20 years of inflation then? No? I didn't think so.8) High speed internet costs $12 - PER DAY! And then it doesn't work- could browse the web but if you try to download any kind of video or file it just times out.Don't stay here, ever.	
Jul 10 2009 	mixed emotions	My wife and I stayed at the Rio Years ago and had the time of our lives!We go to Vegas every year and always wanted to stay again, but their room rates were always too high, so we would take the shuttle from Harrahs -Have the time of our lives for a day and vow to stay here again when we could afford it. Well we got great rates this time and stayed again.Check in was good. Promised a smoking room-none available, even though I reserved one-Had smoking available but refused to upgrade us for free. I dont smoke that much so I took the non smoke room,( complete with ciggy burns on the furniture and the smell of smokes) Go figure?  No big deal! The room was beautiful! Floor to ceiling windows the whole length of the room viewing the Rio sign and the strip. Stained glass, mirrors, L shaped couch,large dressing area.  In room safe(does not fit a laptop as stated)Refrigerator that only keeps items luke warm.No coffee maker.The Rio has a Sky Parade (instead of taking the time to explain ,you can look it up) that they have drastically cut back. this is the main reason the Rio USED to be so fun.The Rio used to have a constant Mardi gra party feel, but now its pretty boring. The staff was very friendly and we were never in want of a free drink . The drink servers were polite and eager to please. convenience store prices were outrageous!!!!!!!!!!Buy your booze and energy drinks across the street at the Gold Coast-its a short walk,but you will save TONS of money- their buffet is very good too. reasonable priced.The Rio slots are tighter than(your metaphor her)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Overall if I hadn't experienced what the Rio was, I wouldn't be so disappointed. It was still worth the stay for the price we paid. A cab driver said to us &quot;Vegas is cutting back everywhere cuz of the economy- I never seen it so slow here&quot;	
Jul 8 2009 	1st Time at the Rio Won't be the last!!!	This was the first time that I have ever stayed and the Rio and Loved every moment of it. We got the room comped for 4 days, that was a MAJOR plus. When we first got to the hotel, we checked in and when they were getting us our room they told me that we would be staying on the 13th floor (I know they really have one) and I asked them to switch my room..Im a lil superstitious. So they put me on a high floor and the view was amazing. :) We ordered room service all the days that we were there and all the waitors and waitresses were talkative and interesting. I love being to communicate with new people. We actually found someone that used to work with at Disneyland and now he works at the Rio. WOW! :) The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was the table minimums. SO VERY HIGH! Even in the low business times. I can satisfy my gambling urge at another Harrahs Property. Over all, I loved the hotel and Im going back there August 20-23, Again for a comped room for 4 days. :) I love it!	
Jul 7 2009 	I'm sad to say I agree with others that the Rio has lost it	Have to say that we stay in the Rio once or twice a year on business for the past 4 years and elect to stay there for couple of days r&amp;r afterwards. NO MORE. No more attending trade conventions there, no more holidays.Agree it was cheap, it always was a bit funky but that’s what we loved about it.I also agree that currently the service is poor and the offering is even smaller. E.g. the buffet is smaller, the show in the sky is not on regularly and other services etc are poor and mainly outsourcedThe most important thing to us is that we felt safe there, however we had ALL our business paperwork, orders cc receipts. i.e. every single piece of paperwork from a trade convention, stolen from a bag (with the bag) in the room.The Rio outsource their security and have no interest whatsoever in managing the process or apologising. Turns out they use agency cleaners and so have no idea whatsoever who actually is cleaning your room and no way of tracking them either. Anyone could be in your room, /cleaning/ it.The irony is not lost on me that they search your bag upon entering the pool area in case you have a bottle of water or a snack /hidden/ in there but anyone it appears can be in your room and take something from it and the Rio do nothing about it.NEVER AGAIN	
Jul 5 2009 	Horrible service and experience though price was right	To start off I really like nice hotel rooms so I would not normally pick a place like the RIO. But they had a suite and we were only staying one night before leaving for our drive to Sedona. We arrived 11 pm so it was late arrival. We arrived exhausted and the line was huge and so slow to check in. One person working the desk and another working priority guests. When we finally got up we asked for an upgrade if possible since we were only staying one night so we did get upgraded to a nicer suite on a higher floor and asked for a roll away bed as well. We head for the elevators to find that all of them are out of service and there is another huge line to use a service elevator. What a nightmare. We finally get to the room, we attempt to order room service but since the elevators are down there could be a 2 hour wait. We were starving so we wait in line for the service elevators and go downstairs to eat. We are told there is a 45 minute wait to eat. WHAT??? I have never had to wait in one of the hotels cofffe shops for that long. Frustration has truly set in. We eventually get seated after 15 minutes with slow service on top of it. Food was good but slow. Exhausted at it being close to midnight Vegas time but since we flew in from Chicago it was 2am body time, we head back up to our room, wait in line for the service elevator. Get to the room and no roll away bed. I call down and they said it could be up 45 minutes. I said I had two teens and we are exhausted. The rollaway did arrive about 20 minutes later. We all went to bed but as we got ready for bed, the bathroom had crap all over the floor and was dirty. I was totally grossed out at this point but too exhausted to want to change rooms. We got up the next morning, had breakfast at the carnival buffet which was good and left. Never again will I stay here. The only positive is due to a deal we were mailed the room was only $39 a night.	
Jul 3 2009	Very disappointed RIO Loyal	We have visited vegas many times and have stayed at numerous places. TI, Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo, etc, but our favorite was the Rio. We are harrahs loyals and visit their properties in Lake Tahoe and Reno several times a year. This trip to the RIO was much different than any other. we were traveling with about 11 freinds/famly. I raved about the rio and had some discounts so I booked 4 rooms. In the past i have never had to leave them a deposit, and this time they wanted one on each room.. Not a typical hotel deposit for the first nights stay. A deposit of 300.00 per room for incidentals charged to the room. After informing them that I we would not be charging to the room, they reduced the deposit. Mine was 200.00 @ of the others were 100.00 and the 4th was 300.00. Why they go up and down like that I have no idea.To say the least I was very disappointed as i was not expecting to pay an additional 1200.00 for hotel rooms. Shoot, I would have booked the Wynn if I had. Checking in was a nightmare becasue of the 4 rooms. 2 of them were comp, so i guess you get what you pay for right? When we get to the front desk 1 of the 2 comp rooms is coming up with charges, they make me talk to the supervisor Scott, who was able to pull the tapes of my phone conversation when I booked the room, and verify that I was not trying to pull one over on them. Anyways he did comp the room and was very nice about the whole matter. Well we get up to our room in the masqurade tower, and there is a large (what looks like remnants of sex) stain on the couch, the room was not an updated room, and there was no comforter on the bed, just sheets. I called down and they said this is their new look. the 3 sheets.. Which were white, and the remainign decor was that bright old vegas color. looked awful. Anyway Scott changed our rooms for us. He was absolutely wonderful. Next we were put into the impanema tower. By then It didn't matter anymore I was just happy to be going out to dinner as everybody had arrived by then and was finished checking in. Our room, was better than the last one, but not nearly as good as the other 6 times we stayed at Rio. the carpet was shredded up.. I mean strands of carpet pulled up. Also, by the internet cafe by starbucks there was this one I'll just come out and say it.. HOOKER.. that was there every night. She would be signaling men to come over to her. We caught her being turned down 3 times. Then there was another time we were in the elevator with one who had to have been 21 and the john was at least 50.. disgusting.Rio used to be a classy place, and my favorite place to be. we love the atmosphere in the casino it is different then the other boring ones, but we have never liked to eat there. For some reason, the food there to me, is all way overpriced for mediocrity. One of our favorite things to do in vegas is have nice dinners. We don't mind paying the a la cart prices, but I can't stand paying too much money for something that leaves you disgusted afterwards. So usaully we never eat at the rio. On this trip however, because there were so many of us, you have to consider everyones budget, and 6 of us were looking to eat. Well the two old ladies in the group (my mom and my aunt) decided they wanted to stay at the hotel and eat, so after walking around undecided we settled on McFaddens. We went up to the host, and he said you have to wait for the hostess she is inside. So about 10 minutes later she comes out. This was on Saturday June 27th in case her boss is reading this. She informs us that there is a party and we can't come in. the house was not full by any means adn it was about 9:15. After my girlfriend was talking with her a while she comes back and says well &quot;we can seat you but you'll have to be done by 11:00.&quot; Mind you my friend who was talking with this young lady is african american. I could only have imagined how she must have felt. I don't believe the young lady was racist, but we sure did percieve it that way. Perception is reality. Anyway, we declined her not so inviting invitation to eat in their resturaunt, and decided on RUB.. I kept telling my mother, mom i don't want to eat at the rio we need to go somewhere else, but the boys wanted BBQ so the 6 of decided on RUB.. OH MY GOD.. our waiter seemed very attentive at first then distracted. He would ask me if i would like a refill, and when I confirmed he would walk away and right in front of us at the hostess stand, be palying with his iphone. He would then come back around ask how everything was, and then still not bring me my drink. And the food.. Come on.. Famous daves has better BBQ than this place for half the price. Anyway, we will not be staying here again, i am sure my husband will remain a harrahs loyal in the reno/tahoe area, as those hotels are really so much nicer than the ones in vegas. But we all agreed we will NEVER stay at the RIO again.. Free or Not.. we recieve offers from the MGM properties as well, but rio was our favorite. Its like a love affair has ended..	
Jun 29 2009 	RIO = rude and ignorant organization	Do yourself a favor and stay on the stip and be treated 100 times better then you will get at the RIO. This hotel not even deserving of 1 circle only reason it did is because I had too. Stayed there from June 20-27, 2009 worst hotel of the 4 times been to Vegas even the Stardust (yeah no longer there - put this hotel to shame). Okay first time ever in Las Vegas playing the slot machines ordered my second drink - never recieved and the waiter ignores me while playing, so I go to the fromt desk and the food and beverage manager (I was told) finally arrives 10 minutes waiting - explain situation and all he has to say can I get you that drink - give me a break I said how about a low $25 food voucher or 2 drinks at the Voodoo Lounge - his reply I'am not able to give that out (what a joke, although consider where I was staying I guess it was expected). Oh yeah by the way be prepared to be treated like a jerk if not ordering alchol by the pool - because when ordering ice water before noon is a sin and if you do the bar water (dispenser) ain't for you no you get the tap unless you tip for WATER?? Top the off the very nice rude server at the cuzan bar (by non- heated pool) said it best when I order 2 ice waters - just like yesterday. (give me a break they get paid by the rude comments) Looking for deals on food to eat - Have I mention the strip yet - If money no object then yes do stay at the rio - but if you want any extra spending money at all - avoid at all cost.	
Jun 26 2009 	I had a real good time	I stayed at the Rio for my birthday. I absolutly loved the room. The view was great and I was high enough to see it on the 13th floor. The only comment I have about the room was the bathroom could use updating. The food was good but drinks were expensive if you went to the bar or restraunt. I loved the free show in the sky. There are 3 different shows a nite. (wed-sat) I didn't understand VooDoo lounge. The music was good but all the seating inside and out was roped off. Not much lounging... Why ???? I would have stayed longer and spent more if I could sit. I think the machines I played paid off pretty good. My money lasted my whole trip.	
Jun 11 2009 	Comfortable spacious room with a great view. Table limits way too high	Stayed June1-4th with friends. Free upgrade to 30th floor with strip, pool, AND mountain view just by asking! Also, was NOT charged for an extra pull out bed which was almost as comfortable as the two queen beds in the room. Bathroom has 2 sinks and a pretty small shower area. Shower area is very basic. There was a very strong smell of &quot;weed&quot; (aka MaryJane, marijuana, grass) from either the room across the hall or the adjoining room for all 4 days we were there. What was pretty funny was that every day there was a stack of room service empties outside these rooms, as though the occupants had the &quot;munchies&quot;. They were your typical 20-somethings partying, smoking, but at least they were quiet! My friends and I are late 30-somethings that are beyond that college behavior. The smell of herb was STRONG, but we didn't complain. One of my group hypothesized it was actually coming from the ventilation of the hotel in order for us to gamble more! Ya never know!$30 charge to go to the &quot;adult pool&quot;. Won't pay it!Table limits were extraordinarily high: $25 blackjack min. during the day; $50 minimum at night. $25 craps table after evening. Rare $15 table in the AM. PROs: free upgrade, comfortable beds, nice-sized couch, all suites; maid was very nice and restocked us well.CONs: basic bathroom. Marijuana party next door. $30 adult pool fee. Table limits too highMy advice: gamble at the Gold Coast next door or the Palms across the street	
Jun 11 2009 	LARGE ROOMS AND	On this particular stay we were off strip. We took lodging at the Rio - all suite hotel. Rio offers a variety of dining choices, beautiful large rooms, a lively casino with plenty of excitement and entertainment, and a free shuttle to the strip.http://www.joreviews.com/travel/las-vegas-valentines-day	
Jun 10 2009 	OK for what we paid	Flew into LV on the Sunday of memorial weekend and had booked a 2 night stay here from a deal from the Rio of $35 a night. I must say if it had been much more I would not reccomend this place. The room was large with a nice bathroom and a great view towards the Palms. The TV that someone had said you cannot view from the bed or settee is on a movable stand, so you can swing it in either direction to see perfectly. The food option's are a bit pricey in the hotel so we walked across to the Gold Coast and ate in TGI's, they do a good breakfast special. We had a car but if you stay here and want to use the shuttle it looked like you could have a long wait, the que's were very large. Overall I don't think this place is the best choice with all the other's to choose from, but if you get it for $35 a night then go for it.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great Hotel...Good Value!	I stayed at the Rio for 4 night in mid May. I found excellent rates ($52) on thier website listed under hot deals. After I booked the room I read the bad reviews of the hotel. After this I was a bit skeptical of my choice. As soon as I arrived I knew I had made a good choice. There was a long line for check in but it moved really fast. The room was nice, clean and large. Maid service did an excellent job! The only complaints I have is the food is grossly over priced and the air conditioning in the room was not the best. It got a little too warm, had to sleep with just the sheet. The offstrip location makes visiting the strip a little inconvenient. You have to deal with catching the shuttle to go to and from. These complaints are easy do deal with. For cheaper food prices walk over to the Gold Coast they have good food at great prices. They also have looser slots we won $534 playing penny slots after eating dinner one night!!! As for the air sleep with just the sheet. The shuttle is something you should know you have to deal with before you even book your room. It runs every 30 minutes so the wait is not long. Over all I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay again!	
Jun 5 2009 	Good hotel - expensive food	Spent 10 days at the Rio - 7 for a convention 3 for pleasure. Sixth stay at this hotel and I must say, the Rio is showing it's age. Received a room in the Ipanema Tower - 13th floor (thought casinos didn't have Floors numbered 13??). They advertise the hotel as &quot;all suites&quot;, but they are just very large rooms. They seemed to have upgraded the bedding - now a duvet cover over a down comforter and large bolster pillow. TV still behind doors in dresser - they need to upgrade to flat screens. Room in good condition - large sofa, 2 big chairs, coffee table and work table with 2 chairs. As soon as you walk into the room, there is an area with the closet (with refrigerator), and long vanity with double sinks and 4 drawers. Food in hotel was expensive - ate in the Steak House twice - decent meals. Cheapest food was at Sports Book - you ordered the food, got a number and waited for the food to come out and then got a table at the Sports Book to eat. Food was ok for the price. Took the free shuttle to the strip twice - seems to run fairly regularly. Casino was empty on Saturday night! Slots were tight. Internet was very slow for $9.95/day. You could pay $12.95 for high speed (supposedly) All in all, good stay - great staff.	
Jun 3 2009 	Another nice stay at the Rio	I've stayed at the Rio many times previously over the past decade. Arrived around 2pm on a Tuesday in mid-May. There was no line at check-in so I got my room quickly. It was on the 16th floor facing the pools and the Strip and not too far from the elevators.The room looked clean but apparently the maid forgot to retrieve a couple of dirty towels on the floor next to the toilet. That was the only negative of my stay at the Rio. It was quite dead in Vegas with small crowds and no lines for anything, anywhere. I never had to wait for the a five minutes for Valet to get my vehicle.I didn't eat at any of the Rio restaurants, but that's because I wanted to do some exploring and sample some non-hotel and some locals places to eat. The casino wasn't very busy and the Masquerade Show in the Sky was cancelled for the week. However, I've seen it many times before. Overall, I had a good stay at the Rio and also won a few bucks at the sportsbook (I bet on the Denver Nuggets defeating the Dallas Mavericks).	
May 26 2009 	Even comped it wasn't worth it.	On a recent trip to Vegas we stayed at the Rio since I got a totally comped 4-night stay. I had stayed there before so had no qualms about the fact that it is off the strip. It's right across the street from the Palms where we planned on eating at Gardunos. By the way, Gardunos has a fantastic Sunday Margarita Brunch. This was our third time there and well continue to visit the Palms if only for the Margarita Brunch. It's that enjoyable! Anyway, back to the Rio. The best thing I can say about the Rio is they do have the fantastic World Buffet. But come hungry, there are so many great choices. Over all our experience with The Rio left us disappointed. Services everywhere were not what I've come to expect in Vegas. For instance, the day we decided to visit the pool was the day they apparently chose not to open the main pool. There were quite a few people in the pool area but the main pool was completely roped off. Of course, the pool bar was beyond the main pool, so we had to jaunt over there to get our pool drinks. (There was a closed pool bar near the pool that was opened! Was beginning to think this place was run by politicians.) All in all, it seemed that most people who worked there that we came into contact with were bothered that we were even there. We constantly felt like we were in their way! Aren't they supposed to want us there?The room was not as nice or clean as I remembered from my last stay there. I don't think they vacuumed once during our 4 night stay. One evening I noticed a red mark on the coffee table. I figured it must be nail polish and perhaps difficult to remove. But, no, I rubbed on it and it came right off. One evening upon returning to our room I noticed that ome of my pillows was missing from my bed. The bed was made, but the extra pillow was still on the floor on the far side of the bed where it must have fallen while I slept. That's what tipped me off to the possibility that they weren't vacuuming. So I looked a little more closely at the floor and noticed some bits of things that would've easily cleaned up with a quick run of the vacuum. Then I started paying more attention to little things. ie. fingerprints on the windows, etc. ... I've always expected to not feel previous peoples presence, and this was certainly not the case.I knew ahead of time that they do not have coffeemakers in the rooms, but it would certainly be a nice addition.I also noticed the smell in the Masquerade Village area was just awful. It reminded me of the smell in Las Vegas' downtown casino the Plaza. I've you've ever been there, you know what I'm talking about.I am still considering writing Harrah's (the group that owns the Rio) a letter describing my disappointment. I could only imagine that they would like to know the reason I won't be returning. And the biggest part of that would be the people who work there who aren't the least bit welcoming.	
May 26 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I read the reviews of this property and was a bit hesitant to stay here. I had friends and family in town for a reunion and most were staying here, though. My first concern was that it is off the strip. We were able to take a very convenient shuttle to Paris and Harrah's and that turned out not the be a problem at all.The next concern is the pricing. The basic room can be anywhere from $60 to almost $300 depending on when you visit. Watch out for higher rates- I definately wouldn't spend more than $100 for the room.The room itself was not a suite by any definition. It was much bigger than most Vegas rooms, with an L-shaped couch and huge windows and separate vanity area, but it was not a suite. The room was very clean, but looked like it was modeled and decorated with barracks/ college room furniture. The larger size and huge windows were a plus, though. I was concerned that staying in a larger casino property would be a pain, but it was actually very easy to navigate and nothing was inconvenient. I loved the pool area, which was always crowded, but somehow we always managed to find enough chairs. There is a walk up to order, Chinese food place to the right of check-in that was excellent. A little pricey for walk-up, but very large portions and fresh and authentic.The slots in the casino were on the tight side, but I still had fun. Considering everything, I will be back to this property in the future.	
May 26 2009 	Will definitely stay again!	After reading reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp, we were a bit apprehensive about the Rio but our stay was great! We had an awesome deal on the room rate but even without the deal, we would still feel the same way.Checkin was prompt as was maintenance when we had a small issue with our in-room safe. We requested a room in the Ipenema Tower based on prior TripAdvisor reviews and were not disappointed.The Rio does not have high end dining or shopping and if that's what you want on property, it's probably not for you. IMHO, you don't need to stay where you shop or where you dine and if you can get a comprable room for alot less money, why not take it!We'll definitely look to stay at the Rio on a future visit!	
May 24 2009 	Great Hotel and Lots of Fun	Just went to Vegas for an interview. When I need a hotel called the players club, Total Rewards, and I got a fabulous rate. From the time we got to the hotel, until we left a couple of days later, we had nothing but excellent service. The first night we got there at 1 AM, went to our room and found a problem with the in room safe. My wife called guest services and within a couple of minutes we had the safe issue repaired. The room we very big and very comfortable. We would recommend this Las Vegas hotel to anyone.	
May 22 2009 	Met our expectations but didn't 'stand out' among the rest!!!	Our stay (May 16-May 20, 2009) was to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary. We had a 3:45pm flight from Newark, so did not arrive at the Rio until 8:30 pm Las Vegas time, after picking up our car rental. I had booked a Deluxe Studio Suite (cheapest category with mountain view, NOT strip view) and 2 of our 4 nights were comped. I had requested a King bed, and mentioned that we hoped one was available, because it was our 20th anniversary. There was not one in the Ipanema tower, except for a handicapped accessible one, or Queen beds. A King was available in the Masquerade tower, but the desk attendent (Jun) said we would be happier in the Ipanema tower- in retrospect, I think he was just trying to get us to take the handicapped room, which we agreed to, to keep the other rooms available. We get to the room, and the safe doesn't work, and the bathroom was that awful handicapped shower-no tub. I call downstairs, and am informed that there is no way we could be moved. WHAT????? Let me speak to your manager. Lars is pleasant, and quickly offers Queens 1 floor below. We agree, and despite the fact that we don't have our King bed, we now have a strip view instead of the original mountain view, so I guess you could consider it an upgrade.  Eating is very expensive- we only ate at the Sports Bar food court...and then at the American Bar and Grill, which pleasantly surprised us with a great steak...meal was good, and prices were somewhat reasonable for what we got. Overall, room was clean...maintenance came up immediately with a new hairdryer when the one we had was clearly burnt out. Employees pleasant, except for front desk experience. Maid service good...forgot to lock up jewelry...wasn't touched.  Slots tight...$5 3 card poker available in the mornings.	
May 22 2009 	Worst Casino I ever stayed.	Me and my wife stayed in the Casino last May 15-17 2009 with the discounted rate promotion from Total Rewards. Upon check-in, they charged me with the regular price. I told the guy what happened to my promo and he was charging me the regular price when indeed I call before, gave me the discounted rate and reservation code. He said he doesn't know about that promo and the amount is what's coming from the computer and told me that I should have book on line. What??? I told him to check again because if they gave the regular price upon calling them, I wouldn't book it. The lady I called for reservation even gave me tha total amount of the discounted rate, The only weird thing is, when they emailed me the confirmation was there's no amount of the reservation.Any way, after half an hour of grueling argument , he found out his mistake when he called someone for verification and apologized and gave us finally the room at the non-smoking fourth floor. The agony didn't stop there. The room (all suite room hotel) they gave us stinks with smoke, the sofa looks like it came from the dumpster, the carpet is stained all over, and the bathroom is small (no bath tub) for a suite room. We called the concierge and ask for a transfer but the guy said they are fully booked when in fact there was not to many people in the casino. What they did is, sent a service guy to our room and spray some deodorizer. Well, I told my wife to just be patient and we will just sleep in the room for a couple of a hours a night and never come back. Even the World buffet is not that good anymore than a couple of months ago. Good luck to you if you still want to book in this hotel. I'd rather stay at the Bally's.	
May 22 2009 	Good Value	Rio is located off the strip, but has a free bus if you are a rewards member. Decent rooms, great prices, decent service. Buzios is a great seafood restaurant. Overall nice place to stay for the price.	
May 20 2009 	Friendly staff big rooms crappy casino	My wife and I recently took our first trip to Vegas. We picked the Rio because it was close to the Palms where we were going to be attending a concert and we didn't want to pay with the Palms was asking. We booked a basic room (they call it a suite...) and that's what we were given. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and were greeted by a very pleasant desk clerk and she set us up in a 'mountain view' room in the Masquerade tower. This wasn't a strip view room but we could see the south strip from it and had a very nice view of the mountains from the 19th floor. The room was clean and spacious but it's not what I'd call a suite. The bathroom was tiny, could hardly open the door while standing in it but the water in the shower was hot and the toilet worked well. Overall the service we got was very good with possible exception of the maid staff, they didn't make up our room at all on the first day despite having taken down the 'do not disturb' sign at around 9:30. For the rest of the stay the room was made up daily however. The bell desk staff, the cocktail waitresses, and total rewards desk staff were all very helpful and seemed happy to be there. We ate at 'Gaylord' the indian resturant on the property, the food was very good and the wait staff did an excellent job. The only things that stops me from giving this a 4 star review is the casino. While I've seen it described as dark and dingy I didn't really find that. The casino area in the Masquerade village is high ceilinged and clean, the older section has a lower ceiling but I never found it dingy. The gaming however is crap. The blackjack rules are bad (all 6:5, nothing under a $15 limit), most of the tables are pai gow variations (or other asian games) or 3 card poker types. They're craps tables looked okay but I didn't play them, the roulette tables are all double-zero. The slots were okay and my wife had several decent runs on them, they mostly just ate my money. Being that this is an off-strip casino and we wanted to gamble we found ourselves having the leave the hotel quite often and while they have shuttles to the trip every 30mins they stop running at 1am and we were often out much later then that and had to spend extra on cabs. If you stay here get a rental car, it'll make your stay much more enjoyable. While I would recommend this hotel to something that wanted a large room I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to have to travel around a lot just to find a decent game of blackjack.The pool area is nice but there was a cockroach in the main pool...The carnival buffet is decent with a HUGE selection, if you're a buffet fan (and I am!) you won't be disappointed by the selection.	
May 20 2009 	There's a lot to like about this hotel. There are also things not to like.	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and I'm torn about what to say about this one.The garage is dumpy, and you don't feel safe there.The rooms are huge.The bathroom literally fell apart while I was there. The shower curtain fell in the middle of the night, and there were a few other maintenance issues that were minor, but inconvenient.They have a great free show every night. The buffets are heart-stopping expensive.The cocktail waitresses wear the skimpiest outfits in Las Vegas.My initial memory is that I really liked it there, but when I think about it more, I remember the things I didn't like about it. So I can see how someone would have a blast, and someone else would be disappointed. But overall, I think it's worth checking out.	
May 20 2009 	Always stay at the Rio	I go to Vegas each year and have stayed at the Rio the last 6 years. We like the rooms and the pool area. Only once have not liked the room, (poor view and had an half-empty cocktail left on the nightstand) I called and got a new room with a better view in 20 minutes. I'm a craps player and last year during the WS of Poker they raised the minimum wager to $25 per table and that was a little steep for me. We like the buffett and especially the preferred seating as a platinum card holder. I'm staying there again in two weeks.	
May 18 2009 	Pleasantly met expectations	I came in town for a trade show at the Rio’s conference center. There was a bit of a line for check in but it moved reasonably well. My reservation for a single king size bed wasn’t available, but I was bumped to a 2 double bed room on a higher floor. The room was spotless when I went in. The room had all the expected furniture in good repair and no problems with lights, water pressure etc. The internet service was simple to setup and use for a laptop. It had floor to ceiling windows that offered a great view from the 32nd floor and I’d assume other floors would share the view. I ordered room service several times and each time the food was good with polite and professional staff. Check out went without a hitch also. Everything easily met my expectations, the only thing keeping from a five star review was nothing ever went beyond expectation.	
May 15 2009 	What a great place	We had 2 nights comped and paid for 2 more. As the rate was so low I opted to a strip view room. When we arrived to check-in they made every possible attempt to find us a room as we had requested. With much finger typing and a couple of phone calls we were given our room cards and off we went to the Masquerade Tower.Our elevator, once activated by our room card, whisked us up to room 39014. We opened the door and was very pleased with our room from the view (to the south) to the cleanliness and the amenities provided. The room had been renovated and it was very spacious and comfortable. The turn down service each night was a treat.We found the staff from CW (very attentive) to bartenders to cleaning staff to restaurant staff very pleasant and friendly. The pool area was fun and not overly crowded when we visited each day.This location was very easy to access with our rental car and we did get out each day. We self parked after the first day and the lot was not far from the casino (PH is a hike!).All in all we enjoyed our stay and plan on returning...hopefully back to room 39014!	
May 15 2009 	LOVED Rio.	Great Hotel. Amazing price. We called ahead to ask for a room in the new tower. When we got there the front desk girl was very nice and helpful. We stayed on the 6th floor of the Inpenina Tower. Great view of pool and also not that bad of a view of the strip. New, large, very clean room. Pool was great. Casino servers were friendly and we didnt sit long at a machine until someone offered us drinks. Free show was entertaining. Seafood buffett....amazing!! The best part of our whole trip was The Voodoo Lounge at the very top of the new tower. Great great views. If you look for free admission tickets you can find them everywhere. Soooo worth it. We really utilized the shuttle, just wish it was every 15 min instead of 30. It also stops at 1am so we had a couple expensive rides back late (about $10 from strip). The only negatives we have was there was a HORRIBLE smell from the bathroom the whole time we were in our rooms. It was some sewage issue i believe. The casino area was really cold also (can be a good thing). No coffee pot or free internet. But these things were minor compaired to all the positives! The Rio was great. We would definatly stay again, FOR SURE. Dont listen to bad reviews.	
May 14 2009 	What A Trip!	Husband and I arrived to celebrate our 16 wedding anniversary and his 41 birthday. It was his first trip. I go every year with the girls. Our room did not have a good view BUT was very clean. Also honestly how much time do you spend in the room?Food was pricey, so we did eat at the Gold Coast alot. Therefore we gambled over there also.We did a fare share of gambling at the RIO and WE LOVED THE WIZARD OF OZ! Slots are tight at the RIO. We shuttled over to the strip ALOT. Ate at the Carnival Buffet our last morning there and that was a horrible expirience. Not nearly enough staff working. $33.00 and there were 3 workers supposed to be making omelets and eggs for you BUT THEY REFUSED. So we will NOT eat there again.Staff on the casino floor was amazing.I will be back in March of 2010. I will see you all then!	
May 13 2009 	Staff needs Training	While staying there for 2 nights I asked the Concierge to make reservation for next stop on my trip( it was for a Harrah's in Reno parent company of Rio's). When I walked up to desk I only gave the person my rewards card so he could enter my number to get my best rate. He did not use it and I did not double check his work. Because of this I was over charged $28.37 in Reno. Only offer from Rio is $30.00 off next time I come to Las Vegas. But with Rewards number That I know to use I can have 3 nights comp on my next trip that I am planning. If you go double check everything or they will make you pay for there mistakes. How need they train me to use my rewards card but not train there staff to do the same?	
May 11 2009 	The Rio Rocks!	My husband and I get comped rooms and although we have a choice of places to stay, we always go back to the Rio. The rooms have always been spacious, clean and updated. The parking situation is great, but we always opt to take the shuttle to the strip, never a problem. The Rio is a fun place and we kind of like the fact that it is not on the strip. People at the desk have always been wonderful and helpful. It gets our vote every time!!	
May 9 2009 	Rio Was Awesome	My wife and I along with friends stayed here for a week. We tipped the girl at check-in $20 and got a re-modeled room with a strip view just like we asked. I dont know what others are complaining about. We loved the hotel. Any staff member we dealt with was great and friendly. My wife and I both work fast food and we realize that you cant walk up to someone, bite thier head off, and expect them to just smile and take it. Talk to them like they are human and you'll be well taken care of. The Show In The Sky was awesome. We also liked the All American Bar &amp; Grill and Loved Rub.	
May 8 2009 	a little disappointed	In all of our trips to Las Vegas, We had never stayed at the Rio until this year. The first thing we encountered was the lady at the check-in counter tell us that a $400 security deposit and, credit card was needed (by the time we were done, I had her talked down to $100 which was appreciated since NO ONE told us of this ahead of time). The room was nice but the ventilation was poor. There was no air purification at all. The only AC vent was parallel to the window, the temp was set at 63 in our room and it was still hot. It was 97 degrees outside. The buffet is not worth $23.99. It used to be really good but, not anymore (the Feast Buffet at the Palace Station is better for only $9.99). The service in the casino is very poor. When the server finally comes to you, they come back with your drink and, tend to hesitate expecting a tip. I very seldom gave any of them a tip because their service is poor and, some of them were very snotty &amp; conceited. Don't ever get me wrong, it is a beautiful hotel from the outside but, the inside needs some improvement of their staff. Also, we always enjoyed seeing the &quot;show in the sky&quot; then we found out it was only Thur-Sun. We were there Sun-Wed. We heard others express disappointment as well.	
May 7 2009 	Great stay	We stayed 3 nights in the Ipanema tower. Our room was only on the 3rd floor so not much of a view, also we never had any sun shine due to the other towers blocking it. But on the positive side we never spent much time in the elevator and the room was very nice. I hate not having free internet though and the food and drink prices were very high. We ended up eating often at the Gold Coast next door which means we also ended up gambling there too. Smart on their part luring people in with food and drink deals. Pool area was good and all hotel areas were very clean.	
May 6 2009	Loved the Rio and will be returning soon	Stayed at Rio from April 30th to May 4th. Fast check-in service. Love the view from the roomm of the strip. Stayed in Ipanema tower on 13th floor. After getting to the room, we notice the safe was locked by previous people and called downstairs, a person was at the door within 10 minutes to open for our use. The Carnival buffet is by far the best of all the buffets that I had done in Vegas. The free bus runs every 20 minutes to the strip which was great as last year we stayed off strip but had to walk each day to the strip. We were able to see more shows on the strip and also had fun gambling there. The show in the sky at the hotel was great to watch and I loved collecting the beads. We are planning to return in November and will be staying at the Rio again.	
May 4 2009 	Rio was a charm	I was comped for 1 night at the Rio, we arrived on a Thursday evening. No check in line at all, the CS rep was very nice and I asked if I could get an upgrade, she said sure &quot;I hope you like it&quot;, I was originally reserved in the masquerade tower. Well up to 18th floor and wow what a view of the strip and pools. There was plenty of room and we had a fridge but in the hall way, not the closet. The beds were comfy, my only complain was that while retiring for the night, I couldnt see the TV in the far bed, thats it. I would defintely stay here again, and the voodoo lounge was great. It was rather windy up there, but it was a good vibe and the views were great too.	
May 4 2009 	A Great Stay	I am not sure why people are giving this place a bad rap, we had a great stay. The room was clean and the service was great. Every employee that I crossed smiled and said hello. We spent a day at the pool and also had a great time. The drink prices were inflated, but hello, you are in Las Vegas. All in all we had a great time. Keep up the good work Rio.	
May 3 2009 	This is not the hotel you want to stay at!	This hotel is not very nice at all. It is far away from the strip requiring a shuttle ride to do anything outside the hotel. It took 45 minutes to check into the hotel, there were 40 people in line and they had one person checking people in. The cocktail waitresses are dressed in g-strings and the hotel is very smokey, loud and unclean. The hotel rooms were very nice and extremely large. The conference facility was wonderful and top of the line, if only you didn't have walk through the casino to get there. The housekeepers did an excellent job! You could get a room for $50 a night at this place but the OJ is $4.99 for 8 oz. They get you coming and going at this place!	
May 2 2009 	Seen better days	When I stayed there in May 2008, the decor everywhere looked like it was the original stuff from the 80s... very tacky and busy patterns, probably to hide any stains. I had a very spacious suite, but it was grungy. The Internet was down half the time in the room. On the plus side, big fitness center with lots of equipment. You can definitely do better in Vegas for the price.	
Apr 29 2009 	you can do better but I've seen worse	Be warned: There are no coffee makers in the hotel rooms, and the lines at the 2 Starbucks are ridiculously long. The nasty hotel coffee is $9 for a half carafe (2 cups) room service and about $3 per order at the one breakfast-serving hotel. The room had a spider and a big moth, and the toilet took 6 to 10 attempts each time to make it flush. The hallways and casino reek of cigarette smoke, but my nonsmoking room was odor-free and quiet. There's a very long, very slow line to check in, and the staff is surly. The Voo Doo Lounge/Restaurant at the top of the Rio is under-maintained with poor wine and surly staff, but great views from the outdoor patios. Nowhere near as nice as some of the newer hotels on the Strip, but I've certainly stayed at much worse places. If you're driving here, bring your own coffeemaker! Also? Be prepared for the window between the shower stall and the bedroom... Not sure what that's about.	
Apr 28 2009 	Okay Not Great	So everyone said how great rio was. So I gave it a shot. I'm not saying it was bad but def didn't meet mty expectations. I'll be in Vegas again in a few days so I go a lot. I'm not staying at Rio. The rooms were clean and spacious. But the casino floor was very dark and dirty feeling. You can tell that in it's day it was a great place to stay. I was only there to sleep because there really isn't much to do there. And taking the shuttle everytime you wanna go to the strip gets old. So if your looking for a quiet spot off the strip thats not very busy this is your spot.	
Apr 25 2009 	Very good time	Stayed at Rio for the price, which was good. Suite appears to mean 'large room with bed and couch&quot;. Didn't stay in the room much but it was nice. Only complaint is the pillows on the bed. If you stay here consider bringing a pillow with you! Gym cost 25 bucks, but you get to use the Spa facility, which includes a steam room, sauna, and hot tubes. Sitting in the hot tub after a treadmill run, and having someone bring you an ice bucket with water and orange slices is a pretty nice start to the day! Seafood buffet....40 bucks each....ouch....better off paying for amazing restaurants on the strip (go for qaulity instead of massed produced quantity) The pool area is nice. You cant bring food into the pool area but the sandwiches they sell at poolside are good.The shuttle was good, never had to wait long. If you enjoy a cold beer in a nice open bar I suggest going to Diablo's Cantina for happy hour at 3pm (it's outside the Monte Carlo) At 3pm they spin a wheel and you get cheap drinks for the next half hour, then they spin for another drink.For theatre tickets try Tickets4tonite (next to the M&amp;M store) - half price tickets for that evening shows, and can also get money off resaturants (we went to Phantom, with a dinner at Encata by Mario BATALI, located at the Venetian...food was awesome!!)For a little cheap fun we go to Mermaids...a little casino at the Freemont Street experience...you cant miss it, there are girls dressed up in Mardi Draw outfits standing outside handing out beads...you will get LOTS of cheap drinks here and we've always had a good time. There're 99 cent hot dogs are good (but ive never tried their 99 cent deep fried twinkies)Have fun.	
Apr 23 2009 	And outstanding and wonderfull time	arrive at the Rio and was treated fast and friendly checking in,staff at tables, room, pool shops are very friendly and professional rooms very clean casino very nice love it all the 51st floor VooDoo lounge beautiful sight to look over Vagas must see, A very good Buffettpool nice. all around eval I would give it the top rating will go back again. Thank you to all the staff at Rio you make a vacation a relaxing vacationT Tuck Missouri	
Apr 23 2009 	Premium Studio Suite 13th Floor Ipanema tower	I stayed in Premium room 1369 in the Ipanema tower for two nights comped. After what I had heard from others I was eager to try Rio. I came away slightly disappointed. It wasn't all that. Maybe it used to be. Check-in was fast and easy. 10 elevators serve this tower, never had to wait more than 30 secs for a lift. The room, while spacious, is really just a larger version of a 3 star hotel room with an extra large vanity and separate vanity in the tub/toilet room. Higher end touches like a mini bar and snack tray help extend a 4 star illusion. There is a separate fridge in the mirrored closet to keep your own beverages in. There is no coffee maker. I bring my own. There is a safe, iron and board, toiletries and tissues supplied. I had enough towels, just enough. A couple may end up requesting more. The beds are comfy pillow tops like most Vegas hotels nowadays. The love seat in the living area is ready for a garage sale. It was worn out. It was also too short to spread out on. The room isn't sound proof. I could hear the toilet next door flushing, quite loud...(KaWhooooosh!) and a couple above me testing the bed springs.Room service is available at reasonable prices.The casino was fun. I hit several smaller wins($100-$200) but nothing to brag about. They were the type of wins you just end up putting back if you play max like I do.I ate at McFaddens for lunch. The place was empty. Good food and great service. There are several TVs to watch the news, ESPN, whatever. I can recommend it.Bottom line: I would stay here again if comped but not to pay the regular rate. The room type I was in are acceptable but nothing special. Also, as another reviewer stated, the carpets were stained. They could use a good cleaning.p.s. Funny, Hooters supplies better quality toilet paper than the Rio or Palazzo. Makes me wonder.	
Apr 23 2009 	Fun business trip at the RIO	I went there for a conference and I am not a gambler. (I did win $182 on $10 on Keno at breakfast!). The rooms was $60/night so who cares if the TV was from 1995. The restaurant selection, shopping and conference center plus the business center were excellent. Don't take the shuttle from the airport, the Rio is the last stop and my driver was crazy. It would be worth the extra $10.00 for a cab.	
Apr 20 2009 	overall great time	We stayed at the Rio in Las Vegas from April 15-19. Overall the rooms were very spacious, a little out dated but we really enjoyed the rooms. The bathroom area is quite large. Good for multiple parties, good for pre drinking.The &quot;Deli&quot; was GREAT. It stays open till about 1am, don't be deceived by its name, it actually has fresh pizza, great friends, burgers, salads etc.The buffet was very good as well. A little pricey but a great variety.We checked out the voodoo lounge on one of the nights, a night club on the 51st floor. It has a GREAT view with decent music. If comparing to the Ghostbar at the palms, the music is not as good but it is more spacious.The only really downfall was the distance to the strip, but there is a shuttle that runs every 30 mins that is decent. We never really had to wait too long for it, and it was free.The pool was good. One of the pools stayed closed so the one that was open was pretty busy. Decent food out there but a very long line up. All in all, I don't know if I would stay at the Rio again, just to try out some other hotels but I would recommend it.	
Apr 17 2009 	Very Disappointed	As I'm typing this I'm on hold to get a receipt (25+ mins). I'm not one normally to write a review about bad hotel experiences, I usually just let it go but this cannot go ignored. I travel 5-10 times per year and this hotel had the rudest staff I had ever encountered, the room was not very up-to-date, the TV's color faded in and out, I had charges to my room that I now have to dispute, and my room was not cleaned one of the nights I stayed. Other than that the trip was okay. :-)	
Apr 16 2009 	Decent off-strip hotel	I stayed at the Rio over Easter weekend. I am a frequent traveler for business and have been to Vegas at least 10-12 times. I have stayed at the Venetian, Bellagio, Caesar's, MGM, etc. This time I was travelling with a group of friends and got the room for free from an online travel site promotion--although looking at the hotel room rates, they seem pretty reasonable by Vegas standards. I was a little worried about what I would find after reading some of the review on here. Compared with the Venetial or Bellagio, the rooms are pretty standard hotel rooms. Larger than average but no frills whatsoever. Our carpet was pretty badly stained and not clean when we checked in, but everything else was clean. Our experience with the maid staff after check in was very positive. It was also pretty quiet, we really didn't hear our neighbors at all. I liked that the hotel was a more manageable size than some of the other on-strip hotels. It was a quck jaunt to the casino, pool, restaurants. The restaurants were all decent and there were alot of drink specials going on. The show in the hotel--which only runs thurs-sun was good for free entertainment. The buffets were great. You can't beat a $14.99 breakfast buffet. The pool area was crowded and oddly there were alot of children around. I will never understand people who take children to Vegas on vacation. The only complaint I have is that not all the pools were open (not sure why) and there was competing music from the pool area, the topless pool area and the pool bar. The Voodoo lounge at the top of the hotel is awesome. I highly recommend checking that out. All in all, it was a decent hotel and if you don't have the budget for one of the higher end on-strip hotels, I recommend the Rio.	
Apr 16 2009 	Rio is and Always Has Been Awesome!!	I have read these tips for years and never really understood the bad reviews of Rio. I finally decided to write one myself. I have stayed at Rio my last 10 trips to Las Vegas and I love it. The rooms are a little older when it comes to decor, but the service is where this hotel RULES Las Vegas. The bartenders are the best in Vegas, especially Robert in the sports bar. The food is great, especially at the All-American Bar &amp; Grille. This is a quick place to eat but the burgers and steaks are perfect. I have always had great luck at this casino as well. If you want all the statues of Venetian, then that is your taste. But if you want great servie and have a lot of fun pick the RIO!!! Thanks Rio!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	Great rooms 	Overall a great experience!! Food and room service were great, rooms were beautiful although a little pricey because of a business conference that was going on (I attended the conference and paid $175 per nite compared to $40 per nite after the conference was over). All in all it was a great stay and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 15 2009 	Completely satisfied with our Rio experience----Fabulous Multi-room suite on the 19th floor of the Ipanema Tower	Friday night late arrival, immediate check in but nothing was available on the top floors of our preferred Masquerade Tower so we were treated to an extra large, fairly fresh and very plush multi-room end / corner suite on the 19th floor of the Ipanema Tower. We had a living area, dining area and bar area, a separate powder room, a large bedroom and an ultra large and luxurious master bath. The suite was fully equipped with two large flat screen televisions and a small flat screen in the bath The flat screen in the bedroom was not working properly and had been unplugged by Rio staff- no matter, we were on the comfortable pillow top mattress by 10 on Saturday night anyway. The bath had a large jacuzzi and separate shower and dual sinks in a stone vanity counter. The suite had a refrigerator and coffee maker, two things along with the jacuzzi that our suite at Encore on Sunday night did not have. Point to Harrah's this trip. This was a nice comp! If I have to find something wrong then it would be a few cigarette burns in the carpet, it was a non-smoking room so someone was very careless and inconsiderate but that was not the fault of the Rio and I wasn't bothered in the slightest. I had a temporary DL without a photo and was not able to obtain another Total Rewards card so none of my play was credited this trip. We had dinner at Carnival World Buffet on Saturday, $52 for the two of us. I waited in line at the buffet for 50 minutes while Gidget played video poker and managed a &quot;discount&quot; on the buffet ticket with a small win. The buffet is big with what seems like an unlimited selection, as usual. I only visited one or two stations and was happily stuffed. The salmon got a &quot;not up to par&quot; review from Gidget. We give it a B / B+ considering price vs quality. Some more play after dinner and we had more dollars than we came with, not quite a hundie but up is up and that feels good. There was no &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign to hang on the door when you're out (there is a lever to flip on the inside of the door when you're in that informs housekeeping you do not want to be disturbed) so housekeeping cleaned up sometime Saturday afternoon and we left a nice tip for the maid on Sunday. Overall an A+, highly recommended. One more note, Harrah's, if you read these reviews, the woman who cleans the elevator lobbies in the parking garages is remarkably delightful and happy.	
Apr 14 2009 	So So Average	Rio's casino is just like many others, nothing special, just slot machines galore. There isn't much decor to speak of, and nothing really stood out. They were supposed to have some sort of free shows every day, but I never saw one.The rooms are supposed to be all suites, but it's really a slightly larger than normal hallway, and 1 room. I requested a king size bed 2 weeks before my arrival, and was told they didn't have any when I get there. (like many casinos, they don't care about the average traveler, just big gamblers) The room was terribly mismatched, and looked like a bad Motel 8 number from the 80's. The bed did not look very clean, there was rust in the bathtub, I had to keep the blinds always closed since my room faced the roof and there were people walking around. They charged $25/day to use the fitness center. The location of the hotel doesn't help either - quite a walk from the strip, and over a highway.Positives: the room service was decent and very fast; maids seemed to be thorough, the bar downstairs made really good bloody marys.Bottom line, stay here if you can get a really good deal. But for $200/night they charge on their website, you can find a better place.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great hotel!	I just returned last night from a 3 night stay at the Rio. For the people who complain about this hotel, I'm sure there's nothing that could make them happy because I could not find a thing wrong with this hotel. The staff was amazing and the room was extremely clean! We checked in Wednesday April 8th. I took my boyfriend there for his birthday so I wanted to make it extra special with a nice room. I slipped the front desk a $20 in between my license and credit card and asked if there were any complimentary room upgrades. He smiled and said thank you. Let me tell you...I was impressed with our room!!!! Totally worth the $20. He upgraded us to room 1456. It's a corner suite with an amazing view of the mountains AND the strip!!!! Two whole walls of our room were windows! I will upload this pics...it was great!Casino was great, maids were great (always gave us a huge smile and hello when we walked by), everything was just amazing. I would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 12 2009 	Bed Bugs What a nightmare next time stay at Red Rock all class	They should blow this hotel up next, it was terrible got $50/night hotels.com.Learned my lesson the hard way If you want class go to M Resort or Red Rock.Stay away from this dump. No wireless but lot's of bed bugs. Pool closes at 5:00 pm	
Apr 11 2009 	Nothing to Come Back For	Would we return to the Rio again? The answer is no.My husband and I planned our trip to Vegas so I could attend a conference that was being held at the Rio. We had always stayed on the strip so we were reluctant to stay off the strip. I read TripAdvisor reviews and decided to give it a try.Despite the negative reviews I read about airport transfers we decided to use the Bell shuttle van outside baggage claim. I had stopped to ask what a typical cab fare was to the Rio on the way to baggage claim. Another passenger overheard me and advised not to take a cab since every time she used one she was ripped off by the drivers. So we bought a one way ticket to the Rio. We were the last stop. From the time we landed ‘til we got to the hotel was exactly 2 hours.When we went to the check in area there was only one person ahead of us waiting to check in. We stood next to the sign that said “Check In” and the person behind the desk told us to move around to the other side of the stantion as we weren’t “in line” (now we were the only people in line!). I had booked and prepaid for the room in January requesting a non-smoking king in the Ipanema tower. The clerk said he only had two queens or a handicapped king room left. We didn’t think either was acceptable. I said firmly “you mean you don’t have another non smoking king room anywhere in this hotel?” He magically found us one. Our room was at the very end of the hall (we passed several old room service trays in the hall on the way) and overlooked the strip. It was actually quite lovely. A large open room with sofa, chair and king bed. The floor to ceiling windows were neat and offered a great view of the strip. The room was very clean and well appointed. We were a little disappointed in the weak shower stream but I guess that goes with the territory of being in the desert. There was a large chip in the porcelain finish of the tub. Luckily we only had people on one side of us but it was still noisy at times. Someone took a shower above us every AM at 6. And there was a drunk guy across the hall who stumbled in each morning at 7 AM and banged on the door loudly shouting his wife’s name to let him in. The last night we were there a family with a baby moved in next door and he shrieked for hours on end. I began to think that maybe they just left him alone in the room. I guess all of this is par for the course in staying at a 24 hour resort.We noticed there was an in room safe but no instructions on use. We decided to stop by the desk and ask about use after we unpacked and grabbed a bite. We asked the clerk behind the desk how the safe worked and he indignantly stated “there are instructions right on it”. When we insisted that there were none he called a security guard to come up and take a look. He instructed us on the operation of the unit and it appeared to work. Thank goodness we tried one more time before putting anything in it as it did not open. We could never get it to work again.The next morning the room service trays were still there. In fact the same trays were in the hall for almost 72 hours. I am thinking that would have to be a health risk or invite vermin or something? It was just gross. I made the LONG walk to the convention area. All kidding aside it must have been at least ¾ of a mile. The meeting rooms were very nice. The food in this area was not fresh. I tried a couple of different baked goods and they were extremely stale.After the meetings we wanted to check out the pool. The pool was open but was staffed by what we referred to as the pool nazi’s. Teenage kids who really took their authority and ran with it. This was not a crazy pool crowd. It was a bunch of middle aged overweight people, some with kids etc…no hot chicks or dudes no craziness. Really nothing to police but we felt like we were in a police state not a relaxing oasis. I brought a bottle of water with me to the pool. When I approached the first pool kid she went through all my bags and advised that no outside drinks were allowed. I said “it is just water” and she advised that I would have to pour it out. Ok this is the desert and you really feel it as I felt dehydrated the whole time I was there. I could feel some rage coming on so I said again…hey it is just water why can’t I have water? She insisted “pour it out or you can’t come in”. So I took the water and dumped it out right in front of her. I went to grab a towel and asked to see a supervisor. It was another boy who I kid you not, was playing a video game on the computer behind the desk! I asked where was the policy written that no water is allowed at the pool? He said it wasn’t written anywhere but was a policy that NO outside drinks were allowed and said there is a drinking fountain over there.The real business here was SELLING drinks. A few people did that but the actual drink was not allowed within exactly 12 inches of the pool edge. A lifeguard nazi actually went up to a guy sitting at the edge of the pool and made him move the drink one inch so could be in compliance. Needless to say I did not stay long on any of my pool visits as I was so dang thirsty I had to leave. I wasn’t about to use a dirty fountain or buy a $5.00 bottle of water. Between the searches and the no liquids rule I felt like I was being frisked and harassed by the TSA at the airport. No, the pool was neither relaxing or enjoyable…plus the chairs were filthy and in need of a good scrub. As a curiosity we checked out pool protocol at other hotels on the strip and we saw none of the no drink, search your bag foolishness. This must be a Rio exclusive.Actually we spent little time at the Rio other than my meetings. We either walked to or took the free shuttle to the strip. There were so many shopping and dining choices there and no pool Nazis.I can’t think of one advantage this hotel had over a strip hotel other than actual size of the room. They were not real suites but were large and clean…other than that I simply cannot recommend this hotel.	
Apr 11 2009 	Okay Stay	We just came back from a 3 night stay at the Rio for a conference. Check in went smoothly and the room was nice. We stayed in a double-double room on the 18th floor of the Ipanema Tower. The room was large enough for the two of us to spread out. The room included a safe and refrigerator but no coffee maker. The Internet service in the room was unreliable. Was disappointed that the daily charge to use the fitness room is $20.We ate in the All-American Bar &amp; Grill, Rub BBQ, McFadden's, and Sao Paolo Cafe. All were good, but nothing that we left raving about. The Penn &amp; Teller show was great and that I would highly recommend.	
Apr 9 2009 	Un happy	I was taking my husband there for sun, gambling &amp; fun.. Check in was ok. But the next day was when it started. We went to lay by the pool it was 75 &amp; sunny... The pool was closed. We had not been told that when we book it &amp; the web sit did not say that . They never said anything when we check in. When I asked about if I could just go out &amp; sit by the pool I was told no it was closed. Then when I asked on Wednesday afternoon i was told they would shuttle me to another hotel to use that pool. Why would someone want to do that when you are a paying guest &amp; you have come there because of the GREAT pools.. I asked to be moved to another hotel I was told they could not help me with that. Then we never got housekeeping service that day I had to call to get clean towels they sent someone to clean our room it was 5:00 pm then.. The following day again no house keeping service this time they showed up at 10:20 pm with clean towels. Then they offer show tickets. We had already had purchased tickets for thursday everning &amp; left Friday morning.. IT is a hopeless feeling out there away from home &amp; stuck. I talked to the Front desk her name was Lavern she was the rudies person I have ever met. I work in customer service I could NEVER talk to anyone like she did &amp; keep my job. I was just so disappointed. When you save your $$$ for a trip that you &amp; your husband are looking forward for months &amp; then this happens it is sad.. I just wanted to cry &amp; I did ...it didnt help . I will never tell anyone to stay at the Rio. When I talked to the company I booked with they said they check with the hotel &amp; they said this &quot; After checking her folio, there are absolutely no comments on any of the complaints of this guest, not one; our front desk is trained to note any communication from any guests, especially those from unhappy clients. Our front desk team would have gone above and beyond to assist this guest and make their stay a pleasant one. I have reached out to managers at Rio and no one remembers talking to this guest&quot; But then they said they offered tickets to the Jubillee show why would they offer tickets to a HAPPY guest....	
Apr 9 2009 	Great hotel....a little oasis	Stayed here as a girls getaway...first time staying in Vegas off the strip, so I was a little skeptical, but it was great. First, you MUST stay in the Ipenema Tower. All of the rooms are renovated. Granite countertops everywhere, huge sitting area, dressers, couch, great bathroom, and large dressing area. Also the bed was very comfortable. Right before we left for our trip, we were emailed by the RIO to upgrade to a strip room for an extra $20 per night, so we did that. I highly recommend that...it was truly a beautiful view. The VooDoo Lounge outside on the 51st floor is a MUST!! If you like &quot;views&quot; you will love this. You can see to California. It was a great night.My only compaint was breakfast. Really you only had the choice of the buffet, which was delicicious and only $14.99 or Starbucks. Since it' s off the strip, you really cant venture out anywhere else for food that early in the morning. The shuttle was fine, never a long wait and free. Drops you at Harrahs or Paris.The pools were the Best!!! The one I liked the most had sand...it was like an oasis with great music...you could have been in the Caribbean.I highly recommend this hotel if you stay in the Ipenema tower.	
Apr 9 2009 	I love the Rio..	I go to Vegas every year for my Cinco de Mayo b'day.It was always Rio. Last year I stayed at Bally's. Nice butmissed Rio's pools. My luck has been good at Rio, gambling.Look forward to my trip this year.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great hotel beautiful view.	Check in was a breeze, host was very nice. Check out even easier. Room was very large and clean with amazing views. We took the free shuttle once or twice, but honestly walking was just as easy. My only complaint is that you have to pay to use the fitness center. If you get a chance go next door to the Golden Gate and eat at Ping Pang Pong. It was voted best Chinese food in Vegas and it was awesome.	
Apr 4 2009 	Bed Bugs Ruin Visit	Met at door by host, which was a first, he escorted us thru checkout and to the elevators, that was the last we saw of him. Rooms were spacious with nice views of the strip. Rooms looking old.Spa does not have privacy screens or rooms for changing and only a community shower. Buffets were expensive for the quality of food. $40.00 for seafood. Shuttle lines very long to strip, cab faster.Machines tighter, but they have to increase revenue somewhere. No more 7star lounges in Vegas'On the first morning had to request room change due to the bed bugs in the room. Had to wait 30 minutes for security to fill out their incident report for protection, I'm sure in case someone wants to sue because they are using the cheapest pest control company they can find which is typical of Harrah's properties..	
Apr 3 2009 	I will never recommed anyone to go to this hotel	The People working at the front desk really need to work on thier customer service. We were staying one night at the hotel we made sure to call in and let them know that we were going to do a late check in. the front desk told us that they will make sure to note our account and when we arrive we requested 2 beds and nothing was available. We were being told that they are in the process of &quot;cleaning&quot; a room for us it will be 10 min... then 30 min ...we did not get into a room unitl 3:30 am! we waited 3 and a half hours! Front desk told me to sleep in a booth in the chineese resturant! This was my first and last visit to the Rio and i will make sure to make a point to tell everyone that i know NOT to go there.	
Apr 3 2009 	R	We have stayed @ the Rio since they opened and have always been very happy there. The Rio does need to upgrade their rooms but that will come . Thanks again for a great time!!	
Apr 3 2009 	First time at RIO but not the last	Check in was easy. Check out was even easier. Hotel staff was friendly. Got help with luggage checking in &amp; out. Room was big, clean and had a great view. Great restaurants. Carnival World Buffet was amazing. Cocktail waitresses were sexy. Valet was easy, fast &amp; always available. Great offers for Players Club. I liked getting text offers day to day. Show In The Sky was always enjoyable. Good shopping too.	
Mar 31 2009 	Avoid Rude Waitresses at the Irish Bar	Had a lovely stay at the Rio, but was highly disappointed with one waitress's attitude in particular at the Irish bar. Obviously didn't like her job, ensured we all knew that. Bartenders were slow; seemed challenged at making martinis! Will stay at Rio again, will NOT visit Irish Pub there again!	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice Hotel great staff.	This was my first trip to Las Vegas and I was pleased with the hotel other than the fact it's not on the strip. I knew this going in and used the shuttles all the time with no problems.The rooms are huge but a little dated. Walking through the other hotels you get a sense the Rio needs to put in some renos.The staff were great , our flight home didn't leave until 11pm so we decided to keep the room for one day at a cost of $70. When we checked out they comped it for the day, nice touch of class.If you want awesome food at a very cheap price then eat at the American Grill ( chicken fingers).All in all a good place but I rarely stay in the same place twice so I will be checking out other hotels.	
Mar 27 2009 	opps.	I was looking for a good deal and received an alright deal. I did like the size of my room . the bed was not that comfortable, the torn sheet did not help. House keeping did not make-up the bed fully. The rio gave me a bath towel with a hole in it ( worn out ). The staff i made contact with were nice and helpful. I ate at the rio and i spent more then what it was worth. With adjustments i would stay again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Rio worked for us !!	we stayed in the old tower at the rio 3/22/09-3/27/09. rooms were nice but need some updating. pool was nice but they closed it because of high winds one day, (bad customer service in this area). food was good but also very spendy. shuttle to harrahs and paris is nice to get you out on the strip, runs 10 am to 1 am every 30 min. over all we would stay here again. make sure to get your total rewards card for perks at all harrahs properties. voodoo lounge is a must , may be the best view of the vegas strip at night. one other thing that i would change is the table limits, $ 15 blackjack and $10 craps. you do not want to gamble here the slots are the tighest i have ever seen in my 14 years to vegas, go to the gold coast or off the strip to downtown for slot play. they also charge $22 to use the fitness center.good luck :):)	
Mar 23 2009 	Perfect place for us!	We had one of the best trips ever and really enjoyed the people. The hotel an its staff were great. Plan to visit many many more times.	
Mar 22 2009 	Average hotel with lacking service	I stayed at the Rio for a conference in March 2009. I was there for 3 nights.The rooms were acceptable. There was nothing deficient with them, but nothing that would set them apart. They are dated and could use updated amenities.I was struck by the lack of service at the hotel. I think they must be very short staffed because everyone mentioned waiting for service. Check-in took 30 minutes.Very few restaurants were open during lunch. We tried the BBQ restaurant, but no wait staff approached to seat us. We wandered to the buffet and had to wait another 15 minutes to get into the restaurant.I won't stay at the Rio again. There are better offerings on the strip.	
Mar 20 2009 	Not such a bad place for $75.00 per night	We stayed at the Rio for two nights in late February. We had a suite in the old tower for $75.00/night. Great price for 660 square feet! Huge room, but in need of refurbishing: worn carpet, filthy windows, worn bath fixtures. Quiet, and cheap, but needing some help. &quot;Needing some help&quot; is a sort of a comment on Las Vegas overall, as the economic problems we all are suffering from have hit Vegas really hard, IMHO. I think we will wait until things get better before we return.	
Mar 18 2009 	Nothing special	I stayed at the Rio for several nights to attend a conference. On the plus side: the room Iand bathroom) was large and I had a great view of the strip. I went to the spa for a massage and it is really wonderful. On the negative side: the restaurants I ate at (not the buffet) ranged from okay to awful. You're better off going somewhere else. I was intrigued with the electronic roulette tables, which I did not see at other casinos, but didn't play them. I rode the shuttle to the strip and it was pretty reliable.	
Mar 17 2009 	Good Hotel Terrible Seafood Buffet	We recently stayed at the Rio for 4 days, the hotel bed was excellent, bathroom furnishings great, however the sectional had seen better days as had the carpet and could stand to be replaced.The seafod buffet seemed to be liked by most people however we thought is was terrible! Not at all what we were expecting, they advertise all you can eat lobster ahowever it was virtually non existant! and we were not the only ones wondering where it was! Lots of other seafood there but very bland, peel and eat shrimp etc i do have to state the employees in all areas were very friendly and efficient!Be prepared for loud music and young people having a good time! Not the place foryoung children or if you are looking for quiet then again who goes to Vegas for peace and quiet! Beautiful pool area and sounds like fun however was still closed when we were there due to cooler temps.	
Mar 13 2009 	WONDERFUL HOTEL	My husband and I stayed here March 6-10. It's located off the strip which suited us finebecause we don't like a lot of crowds and noise. The Rio casino was large yet easyto navigate. We ate breakfast every morning at the Sao Paulo Cafe and had good foodand service each time. We tried to get served twice at their pub McFadden's but had toleave both times after failing to be waited on within 5 minutes. McFadden's was the onlynegative part of the Rio experience. The suite was very large and the bathroom hasa separate sink area from the shower area so you aren't on top of each other while getting ready. We had prompt maid service every day and no problem getting towels orother supplies. They have a free show in the evening where their dancers ride in floats on a track on the ceiling and throw beads to the crowd like at Mardi Gras. It was a lot of fun to watch.	
Mar 9 2009 	A great deal	We got a great rate on this hotel and were very pleased. The staff was friendly and courteous from start finish. When I asked for an extra blanket, it was delivered very quickly. My complaint that they should not list coffee pots in rooms when only some (Diamond) rooms have them was also resolved immediately and with a friendly attitude once I spoke to a manager. The shuttle to the strip was perfect. The buffet was great. Prices in restaurants were high but that's Vegas. Nice sized hotel -- not so large as some on the strip where you have to walk for miles to get anywhere. This is not a glamorous strip hotel but it is more than adequate.	
Mar 9 2009 	Fabulous Suites Wonderful Hotel but Slots Were Tight!	Arrived to early to check in. But clerks registered me for my room. Rio usually has long registation lines. So, plan to return and pick up room key later. Took luggage to bell hop outside at curbside. Grabbed lunch from Mah Jong Chinese Kitchen. The fried rice was delicious with an ample portion size and I highly recommend.By 4pm I was able to get the key to my room in the Masquerade Tower, 21st floor, lovely suite, will upload photos shortly. They have 2 banks of elevators in the Masquerade Tower, four elevators in each bank. Very fast, no long waits.Since I was attending a conference, I knew I needed some physical fitness, so I went to the Rio Spa to work out on the treadmill. I was shocked that they required a fee to use it. $22 a day / $55 for 3 days. What happened to the days hen the fee for using the fitness center as part of the hotel fee. I remember back in the day how we just used the room key to get access to the fitness centers??? Anyway, I paid the $55 and had to get my money's worth, so I worked out twice a day. But, the fitness center was fantastic. Nice Life Fitness assorted equipment. Staff was very prompt and efficient in opening the Spa right before 6am. After 6pm, I was able to have some slot fun at the Rio. But, slots were rather tight! Some nights there was a free show in the casino, which was fun.I really enjoyed my stay at the Rio. I did not spend too much time in the suite as this was a business trip. The conference center was huge with multiple large meeting rooms. No complaints whatsoever. Once I arrived to the Rio, I hardly got an opportunity to go outside, but that's life.I was at the Rio Suites altogether for 5 nights and 6 days. I have no complaints and enjoyed my busy stay very much. Yes, Rio is not on the Strip, but I am aware there are several shuttles that go to Harrah's on the Strip and other hotels.I highly recommend the Rio All Suite Hotel &amp; Casino in fabulous Las Vegas!!	
Mar 9 2009 	Loved the hotel the room and the service!	We have stayed at the Rio many times over the last 20 years (as well as other great Vegas hotels). We stayed at the Rio from 2-22 to 2-27-09 and had an absolutely beautiful room. We were in the Impanema tower and had a room at the end, with floor to ceiling windows on two walls and our room faced the pools and the strip. It couldn't have been nicer, AND this was a standard suite, not an upgrade!!The housekeeping staff was delightful and friendly, the room was always serviced and everything replaced like we were a new occupant every night.We arrived very late at night and needed help finding a medical supply place for CPAP supplies and the front desk was not very helpful - they told us to call Walgreen's on the Strip, and did give us the number, but they do not sell respiratory supplies (didn't think they did). We called 3 places in the phone book that said they were open 24 hours and delivered to hotels and 1 answered the phone, found out what we needed and delivered it to our room in a little over an hour - not bad for 3 am on a Sunday night!The food at the buffet's was great, but I wouldn't do the Seafood one again - they have crab on the World Carnival buffet and you have lots of other food to choose from there, too besides seafood.The free shuttles are handy and make staying off the strip a non-issue.Overall, I'd give them an A and will be back in November (maybe even in July). Thank you to the Rio for a great stay.	
Mar 8 2009	Just the Buffet	This is the best buffet in my opinion. The only rub here for us. We had aparty of 14 people who all wanted to sit together. They told us there would be a service charge for this of $54.00 for the total, it was a UNION THING as I was told, this is nuts, it's a bufet for goodness sakes. Yes they do have people that serve the beverages and clean up the tables, but that is pretty much all they do, so why a service charge, this was not explained just state that is that and either pay up and like it. So we paid the charge. After speakingw with our server (BRIAN who was great) he satted that it was the GRATUITY for a large party. I asked him if he got the full $54.00 which he stated yes ( I find this hard to believe) Had they told us it was the gratuity, I would have still paid but would not be happy. I base my tip on service and with this group we are known to leave much more that the 15%. In a buffet a group of this size is the same as any other tables being waited on. The Rio needs to look at this policy and work on there customer service attitude at the front.	
Mar 7 2009 	Very pleasantly surprised	First stay at Rio and was frankly not expecting much having read the recent reports here. I was, however, more than happy :The good : The room (remodelled, on a middle floor of Ipanema Tower) was outstanding - large, contemporary mini suite, refrigerator and mini bar, plenty of storage, extremely clean, good bed linens and towels, water pressure good, easy access from casino area. No view other than of Gold Coast, Palms and rooftops, but I did not ask for a view nor particularly wanted one. Even numbered rooms on high floors of Ipanema would provide views and Masquerade Tower would be better still, though I believe it has not been remodelled completely yet.Amenities - plenty of restaurants, no 24 hour ones now though which was a surprise. Reasonable dining values considering location. Efficient elevator service, few delays. Self parking areas are both a long walk from rooms, but show me a Las Vegas property where this is not the case. Security in the Carnival parking garage was better than at other properties.Rio employees were friendly and helpful in all areas, no exceptions.Cleanliness has been mentioned in other reviews as an issue - I found the whole property to be spotless. Occasionally a room service tray in the corridor, but not for long. Maid service was timely and efficient. The enthusiastic mini bar refill service is amusing.There was no disturbance in the guest room at night either from the corridors or from any external source nearby (I was expecting to hear something of Voodoo Lounge or Moon at Palms over the weekend but did not).The new Show In The Sky is better than the previous one and still a good piece of free Las Vegas entertainment which partly changes on the hour - though it is not operational every night any more, Thu-Sun 8pm hourly until 2am if I recall correctly.Cocktail service on the casino floor was better than average for a property of this type.Whilst I do not write casino reviews here, the game offerings were as expected and certainly no worse than at similar properties.The not so good :Had to wait 40 minutes to checkout, which apparently is not uncommon when large groups are checking in at the same time.Drinks at casino bars were unnecessarily expensive.The location, whilst not an issue if you are driving, is not one from which you can walk to LVB easily. There are shuttles to Harrahs and Paris, though no longer to Caesers.I am a frequent Las Vegas visitor and have stayed in many hotels on and around LVB. This was one of my better recent experiences and on the basis of it I would not hesistate to stay at Rio again. Highly recommended.	
Mar 6 2009 	Off the strip some basic amenities are expensive extras	First of all, had a great check in experience. Was upgraded to a Strip view room just by asking for an upper floor. Check in was without problems. There was a line but it went quickly. Had requested a renovated room when we made the reservation and we got what we requested. Refrigerator in the room was a nice touch. Rooms are pretty basic but certainly serviceable. I did notice that glasses/room service trays languished outside in the halls for longer than they should have. Casinos were very smoky and there was no way to avoid them in order to get outside. Workout room was an extra charge and a fairly steep one at that. Husband went to check it out and said that it wasn't worth any extra and so avoided it. Pools were closed. Internet also extra in rooms. Shuttles to the Strip area were much appreciated and for the most part, on schedule. Restaurants nothing to write home about, including the much touted Carnival buffet. Better food available elsewhere.	
Mar 2 2009 	So incredibly disappointed	We have been staying at the Rio since it was first built and long before it became a Harrah's property. It just continues to go downhill. This trip to the Rio will be our last. The customer service was HORRIBLE. We werent particularly clean and no one was friendly. They acted as if they were upset we were there! So I say goodbye to an old friend...Im so incredibly disappointed.	
Feb 27 2009 	We will be back!	Just returned from our first trip to the Rio. We loved it. We normally stay at the MGM Signature, (5 star) and were concerned, but was comped these nights and thought we would give it a try. We were nervous but found the bad reviews were wrong. Yes checkin was slower that most but this is a very large hotel. If I would change anything it would be the room carpet. Not bad but needed restreching. The bad reviewers most likely wouldn't be happy at the Signature either.	
Feb 25 2009 	Ripped off	I read reviews before I booked the trip. I thought, &quot;you always have a few whiners in the group and last time was a great stay&quot;. Oh how wrong could I have been. First off, one of the check in guys was very rude. We weren't &quot;standing in the right line&quot; even though there was nobody else around. Then they overcharged us on two of the three rooms and refused to fix it even though the front desk lady admitted it was the hotels mistake. Then we got booked into old rooms with the great view of roof top a/c units. You have to pay $10/day for internet access. There were hairs on the soap dish and the wash cloths. I called to the Manager and still got the run around. The machines are the tightest in town and overall it was a horrible experience and will never stay there again.	
Feb 25 2009 	Slow times in Vegas	we love the Rio...but so sad to see them cutting back like the rest of the USA. The VooDoo Lounge was closed 3 nights we were there...for no reason (no staff?)..the bartenders and the dealers were complaining about their hours getting cut...it just felt overall empty. Our favority restaurant/nightclub - Martorano's closed each night by 10pm...it is a nightclub!! Very sad....we will be back - but hope the economy picks up. The rooms are still nice - the &quot;new&quot; Show in the Sky is ok - they just made it sexier....	
Feb 22 2009 	Noisy lots of kids Nice rooms!	Rio: 25th-30th, Nov 2008.Check in at approx 11:30 was speedy &amp; got room right away. nice suite with fabulous strip view. I have stayed here a few times before also &amp; found the Impanema rooms to be quite comfy as I think they are remodeled, I am in Masquerade &amp; they are not updated &amp; the bed is actually uncomfortable. I get a lot of noise off the streets here as well. Otherwise it is clean &amp; huge compared to all the other rooms I have had the past week. Ok I get up at 7am to get ready for 10 tourney &amp; NO HOT WATER!! at ALL! I let it run for like 10 min lukewarm. I call downstairs &amp; am dresed by the time they get here &amp; tell me over half the tower is empty so call for hot water is low &amp; to let it run for about 15 min. WTH!!! SO now off to tourney &amp; will be back this afternoon. Came back in evening &amp; let it run for about 30 min &amp; finally was able to get hot shower. Spent alot of time relaxing in the room the last couple days &amp; it was QUIET. Not a peep from the hallway. Went downstairs to gamble a bit &amp; get eats &amp; it was insanely noisy. CHildren everywhere! Went to the Buffet at 9:30 &amp; there were kids all over the place it was just nuts. Checkout was smooth, Still missing my 5000 points on my players card, BUT I graduated to Platinum this trip for next year! The view from Voodoo at night is fabulous!  I lost a lot of $ here last week but have been holding my own now, once again G2E I think.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great off-strip hotel big rooms great value!	I cannot believe the amount of people giving this hotel 1 or 2 stars. This is a beautiful hotel with HUGE rooms, good views, good service, and plenty of things to do. There's a nice comfy couch, a coffee table, a nice desk to set your laptop on, and comfortable beds. There are two sinks, one in the bathroom and one outside. This is a great idea, especially for people traveling together, especially when someone is taking a shower and the inside mirror gets fogged up.We paid $59 a night for this HUGE room! For an extra $20 a night we could have had strip views. I'm sure they were amazing, but for our regular price we had a great view the Palms, and the snow capped mountains. The pool was closed during our visit so I can't comment there. The &quot;All-American Bar &amp; Grill&quot; was much nicer than the title implied and I had a GREAT steak! There are over 12 restaurants just in the Casino, including the Carnival Buffet, which is just ridiculous. Over 90 different dishes, all decent to very good. You get a free show on certain days called &quot;Show in the sky&quot;. Beautiful people dancing and singing, and throwing beads. It's a lot of fun, although a bit too adult for all audiences.The free shuttles run early and often to various strip locations, so don't be concerned too much about the location.I can't say enough about the great deal I got from Priceline, and the enjoyable stay I had. I've attached pictures so you can see for yourself. People who rate these rooms less than four stars must stay at a &quot;W&quot; everywhere they go.	
Feb 20 2009 	These are	Large wasted space rooms are hardly &quot;suites,&quot; but big single rooms with a couch thrown in the corner. The rooms are cold and lack an inviting feeling, and the builders apparently forgot the insulation as every door that shuts in the hallway is noisy. We waited in a line of 50 to check-in while 3 of the 12 check-in windows were open. The reservation we made wasn't the one they had, and we were forced to pay a lot extra to stay the second night. Finally, the &quot;convenient&quot; shuttle to the strip was usually packed to the rafters and often late to arrive. Pretty dismal, really.	
Feb 14 2009 	Large rooms but average hotel/casino	I stayed at the Rio for a conference and followed it up with an extra two nights with friends.The Rio is feeling old. We stayed in the Mandalay Tower and the room we stayed in was not one of the remodeled ones and there were stains on the benches at the ends of each bed and the carpet was old and worn out. There were barely any amenities - a container of lotion that was used and a container of shampoo/conditioner combo. Refrigerator, but no coffee maker. There is a coffee stand near the elevator for the Mandalay Towers but it was never opened when I went by so I had to walk to the Ipenema Tower to Starbucks (a good distance away) or the Starbucks near the convention section which had limited hours.Overall the room was clean and even though the room was on a floor shared with smoking rooms, the room was smoke-free and that was great. I also loved the water pressure in the shower.I visited a friend staying in a suite in the same tower and their room was remodeled and very light and airy. Big difference from my room.The Casino itself was dated - not as many new slot machines as in other Casinos as an example. The Seafood Buffet is excellent and I would highly recommend eating there one night. Great price and great food! Wide selection even for those who do not like seafood.I wanted to work out in the gym/spa but the hours were not very convenient. Since this hotel has a very large convention center, I'd expect it to accomodate business travelers but the gym didn't open until 6 a.m. and closed at 8 p.m. Other spas at Vegas hotels open at 5 a.m. and close at 10 p.m. The concierge really isn't a concierge, but someone who books shows and other Vegas entertainment for guests. The front desk line was usually long, so if you needed assistance, it was hard to get someone to help you.Voodoo Lounge on the 51st Floor has a mixed crowd on weekends. It features a great view of Vegas from its oversized balcony. On Tuesday night we wanted to go up just to see the view and since it was after 10 p.m. there was a $20 cover. We were told we can come any night before 10 for no cover. The bouncer did not tell us or ask us if we were hotel guests, because unknown to us - upon check-in we received coupons for various Vegas venues and it included a pass to Voodoo, We also went for drinks in one of the restaurants - some Italian place that advertises half bar, half club, all Italian. Don't waste your time or money. Everything we tried to order as a cocktail from their specialty drink menu was not available because they did not have some or all of the items. Then she only served me my drink and forgot my friends drinks. Then after sitting there for a good hour chatting, she never came back to see if we wanted another cocktail or even an appetizer. We finally asked for our check and she didn't remember what we had ordered. We gave them a new motto: Half Bar/Half Club/Half Tip! Don't waste your time or energy on this place. Get in a cab and go to Red Square at the Mandalay!I would only stay there again if it was the best rate it town (or if our conference is again at this location for convenience purposes).	
Feb 12 2009 	More like a high-end business hotel	If America is the land of wretched excess, Vegas is its poster child. The Rio succeeds precisely because it is understated; it is more like a Marriott in a major city. The rooms are large and well-appointed, but have an almost Spartan feel about them. If you are coming to Vegas to be overwhelmed with kitsch, the Rio is not for you. Request a Masquerade Tower room, as the rooms in the original tower leave something to be desired; you don't get a full direct view of the Strip from either side of this tower, so it's not worth asking for.One reminder you may not think about: If you are traveling as a couple, make CERTAIN that both of you have your name on the room. Remember, this is Vegas, and it is not a given that the man will be staying there with his wife; they WILL NOT give you a key if you are not listed as a guest. The people at the check-in counter usually don't think to ask, but this is true just about everywhere. Our rooms are always comped and we have a separate check-in area, but even for us, the service can often leave a lot to be desired. On this trip, they gave us the keys to another guy's room, and we walked in on him naked; how that even happens in the day of advanced computer technology is beyond me (I would have forgiven them if it was a supermodel). To make a long story short, they upgraded us to an actual suite (it's hard to call the rooms true suites, though they do have full couches), but it took them at least half an hour to get us the keys. In Vegas, the upgrades can be spectacular, and our suite was no exception; I've lived in smaller apartments. The bathroom hallway was long enough to bowl in, and the two-person jacuzzi sported a spectacular view. But as you can see from the photos, the rooms are understated and definitely, not gaudy.The biggest knock on the Rio is its location, on the other side of I-15 from the Strip. It is at least a half-mile away and an unpleasant trek, and you don't want to walk it in the late evening. This is a major disadvantage: You really don't want to drive anywhere in Vegas if you can at all help it -- even if you aren't there to partake in prodigious consumption of alcohol -- as the traffic in and around the Strip is brutal, and especially on the weekend, when half of Los Angeles descends upon the town like a horde of locusts. Shuttles to other Harrah's properties run every half-hour, but it's like riding those buses to the rental car place.Another drawback is that the property is next to the railroad tracks, and the trains can run at inconvenient times. Nothing you can do, I'm afraid. The Rio's distance from the Strip affords one distinct advantage: the Voodoo Lounge. It is a two-story rooftop patio, facing the Strip, 500 feet above the city. If you're traveling with a friend, you could do worse than share a Witch Doctor -- about $30, but it should take care of both of you for the night (it IS a bit much for one). Best to get there early on weekends (doors open at 7:00, if memory serves), as it can be tough to get in. It's the one place I would recommend that you visit if you have never been there before, and are staying anywhere else on the Strip.The restaurants are mostly disappointing by Vegas standards, but their Carnival Buffet has been the best in town for years. Buzio's (seafood) is the best, and Gaylord (Indian) is the worst, even though both of us love good Indian food. The pool is nothing to write home about (again, by Vegas standards), but they do have an adult pool (costs extra) where you can indulge in topless sunbathing (or, voyeurism). The consistent exception to the often sub-standard service is the spa and fitness club, which is otherwise mediocre by Vegas standards. To make matters worse, they charge you for the privilege of using it; you're better off driving or taking a cab to Mandalay Bay to use their spa, which for this confirmed gym-rat, is well worth the $30.	
Feb 9 2009 	Suite not so "Sweet" Service lacked the "Smile"	I have to say that this was the worst stay I have had in the last 15 years, from uncomfortable beds, (the bed springs poked into our backs so bad there was no comforable place on the Kingsize to sleep) to flat pillow, to NO BEDSPREAD on the bed...that would be only the start. The room smelled, the faucets leaked, the &quot;so called &quot;upgraded view&quot; was of the roof of the casino...and only a &quot;glimps&quot; of the strip! When I called upon arrival, the front dest was not accomodating at all, she was rather rude, and not willing to rectify the situation. Old furniture &amp; tv too. Not a place I am going to visit any time soon. I will have to say that the Vallet Guys/Gals were great, and always on the ball...but the customer service inside was less than desirable!	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Casino Dated Room	I-bar and Vodoo Steakhouse were both excellent. Casino bars were very enjoyable. Buffet quality was good but dropped a lot from past years.Rooms are large but dated. Quality does not stack up with even moderate strip hotels. Good place to hang out but not to stay	
Feb 4 2009 	too many changes	I use to stay at the Rio every trip I made to Vegas - but notanymore. Too many changes - I beleive they are tryingto compete with the Palms - trying to get a younger -wilder crowd in. Topless pool took alot of space awayfrom the pool area - now its very very cramped. I called twice to get my room cleaned - food trays satin the hall for 2 days before someone picked them up. Hookers all over the place (when I confronted securitythey told me they were doing the best they could - yea right) So I am moving to the strip for the rest of my visits	
Feb 1 2009 	vegas getaway	stayed at &quot;rio&quot; for 4 nights in Jan 09. room was good sized, and bed was great, view was wonderful even though only on 9th floor, higher you go better the view. booked with expedia but didn't pay anymore for strip view just asked at desk and they accomidated. rented a car through &quot;dollar&quot; but when we got to rental car place &quot;dollar&quot; had huge line, same thing had happened a few weeks before and waited an hr, this time went to &quot;payless&quot; and rented quickly then cancelled &quot;dollar&quot;, cost a little more but got on to hotel quicker, ended up going down las vegas blvd instead of interstate which was a big mistake, I won't use &quot;dollar&quot; anymore because of the long lines. had good luck gambling at &quot;silverton&quot; south of town and &quot;4queens&quot; downtown. drink prices are high at &quot;rio&quot;, but &quot;gold coast&quot; is next door and is very reasonable and gambling is pretty good. had a good breakfast at &quot;arizona charlie's&quot; on decature too. The &quot;oyster bar&quot; inside Palace Station is awesome, eat there everytime we're in vegas. free show at &quot;rio&quot; is sexy and good, be sure to catch it, about 10 mins long on the hr from 6pm to midnight.	
Jan 30 2009 	Past its prime	Positive: room size was big. Negatives: hotel looking dated, inattentive staff (piles of sheets sitting in halls for entire day, room not cleaned before 6 pm, long lines at restaurants for lunch). Be aware it's a 20 min walk to the strip, although there is a free shuttle that runs ever 30 min. If you have no intention of staying in the hotel, then this place is okay, but not for business travelers used to 4-star type hotels because this was more like 2-star.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great stay will stay here again next time in Vegas	First of all I have to say that I booked this with a promotion from Total Rewards. I got 3 days, including Saturday for 40 dollars TOTAL! This wasn't a comp, it was a promotion. On top of all that, the promotion included a free leather jacket, which I am getting sent to me in 4 weeks. WOW!! I like the gambling ambiance. I usually set myself near one of their stages that go off every half hour or so. You get to watch a hottie strut her stuff while you are playing the slots. Nothing better than that. Especially if you factor in that the cocktail waitresses wear next to nothing and are shaking their booty right in front of your face while they sing(if you sit behind them, which I do!). It's a great hotel for singles. There are a lot of single girls and guys there, and even if you aren't looking to hook up you will have a great time just watching the waitresses. Not to mention their free Masquerade in the Sky show, which is unbelievably hot! These girls are wearing lingerie and dancing on floats on the ceiling..... it was fantastic especially for a single guy like me. There are also chippendales and male dancers for the ladies. The rooms are big, and I like the layout. It was clean and everything worked nicely. The pay per views are way too pricey, but I digress.I ate some of their restaurants, and they were all good. I especially enjoyed the Village Seafood buffet, which was 40 dollars but included all you can eat lobster. I ate what I paid for in lobster alone. Drinks there are overpriced, but if you are gambling of course you don't have to worry about that. You also get a free coupon book on arrival, and I used many 2 for 1 coupons. All in all a great stay, and I will be looking forward to going there again next time. Next time I plan to see Penn and Teller. Kudos to the Rio!	
Jan 27 2009 	Gr8 service rooms food hospitality - will be back for sure	We checked in to find out that our room was quite a walk for one of us that was on crutches. We called the front desk and they said &quot;no problem just come on down to the front desk&quot;. They got us into a room very close to an elevator to shorten the walking distance. The hotel valet and shuttle service was great. We ate at the sports bar during our stay. The burgers had the best flavor and the steaks were visibly aging in the glass refrigerator. The cocktail waitresses were readily available and checked on you often. We had some great luck winning $500 on a penny slot (only inserting $20). I think if more people would tip accordingly their stay would be much more enjoyable. I know it is their &quot;job&quot; to wait on a customer but, tipping is a way we show appreciation and tells them they are doing their job correctly. We will definitely be back as the rooms are great, clean, spacious, just beautiful. Our vacation was booked through Southwest Vacations at an unbeatable price.The Hotel is off of the strip but they do offer a Free shuttle to several other hotels.***** (overall 5 stars)Thank You to all the staff at the RIO SUITES HOTEL! Job Well Done!	
Jan 27 2009 	Room was great and felt safe but...	Parking garage was quite a long distance from check-in and room - meant everyone was rolling their suitcases along walk at side of casino floor, kids also in tow ; poor signage from garage led to asking numerous other guests how to get to registration; room was great, but had window from bedroom into bathroom-weird!; terribly long walk from hotel room to conference center, especially if you had meeting materials, posters, etc. (everyone does at a conference); one restaurant between hotel and conference center was often closed after afternoon meetings when people wanted to sit and have coffee and talk-missed out on a lot of money; good food at one of restaurants, but poorest service-left no tip; maid service very efficient and courteous and kept room clean and stocked; maintenance immediately responded when I called about hair dryer that smoked when turned on; conference room rate was twice the online reservation specials	
Jan 23 2009 	Rio nevr disappoints	This was our 3rd time visiting Rio over the last 3 years and after traveling across the US it is comforting to know you are going to get a quality room in a very unique casino once you arrive. Even if something is wrong the staff will try there best to rectify the situation. In our case the hot water in our original room would take 20 minutes to warm up. We went to the desk the next morning and they promptly upgraded us to another room with a strip view and lowered the price. This is why when it comes to traveling to Vegas we will only stay at Rio.	
Jan 20 2009 	The Rio has beautiful rooms	The Rio is one classy hotel. It was very clean, The rooms are all suite and they were HUGE. The bedding and room furnishings were stylish and pristine. The beds and pillows were the best in any hotel we have visited.. Housekeeping kept the rooms immaculate.Although it was off the main strip there are shuttles every 30 minutes so you can go all over.I would reccomend this hotel to families as well as singles, couples etc.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great but could of been even better easily.	When first arriving at Rio we thought it looked great at night. Check in was very easy, and quick. However, was told during check in that the exact room asked for was not available. Got room in remodeled tower area, but no king bed and not as high as we would have liked. Also, view of just mountains, not strip. When we asked about new room was told we would have to pay 20 extra a night, b/c the room we got was already an upgrade. I think B.S. Besides that we had fun, and enjoyed our hotel as much if not more then any of the others.	
Jan 20 2009 	Large rooms but cleaning required	The suite was large with full length floor to ceiling windows. The view would have been great, but the windows appeared not to have been cleaned since the hotel was bult. Very disgusting. Carpet was very dirty - felt compelled to wear socks all the time. Beds were also large, but cheap mattresses and hard as a brick. Very difficult to get more than a few hours sleep because backache would wake you up. Not talking about a firm mattress - these were just plain hard. Did sleep one night on the sofa with some noticeable improvement.	
Jan 19 2009	No No Rio!	As frequent Harrah's travelers, we were sorely disappointed in the Rio's overall experience. Our 'suite' was large and clean, with a terrific view of South Las Vegas and the Strip lights at night. The linens were crisp, the beds were of a good quality, and the bath was very clean. However,1. The Pool and outside hot tubs were all closed for the season2. There were no chairs outside, or any outdoor accommodations.3. There was no Breakfast available, other than $16 Steak 'n Eggs at one of the greasy bar and grills4. Food was poor overall.5. The Sky Show was 'on vacation' (main casino floor trapeze acts); the casino was dark and dingy.The property reminded us of Laughlin or Wendover. It is definitely not a Las Vegas high-end hotel. Never again . . .	
Jan 10 2009	Hotel nice casino so-so	As far as the hotel goes, it was very good. I stayed two nights in January 09. The room was large, clean and quiet, except in the morning due to construction outside. I stayed on the 6th floor of the shorter, older tower. The hotel has many restaurants, but the only one I ate at was the Carnival World Buffet. It was great. I would recommend it if you like buttets. I also visited the VooDoo Lounge, which was also great. One of the reasons I went to Vegas was to gamble, especially blackjack. But I didn't like the casino. It was dark, low ceilings in the table area and the table minimums were $15, which are high to me on a Sunday and Monday. Strip hotels like the Bellagio even had $10 tables. The sportsbook was very good, the poker room is kind of weak, and I can't speak about slots, but there seemed to be a lot of them. The location is close to the strip, but I wouldn't try to walk it. Gold Coast and the Palms are walkable if you have some energy.	
Jan 9 2009 	will never come back	1. overcharged the credit card $1,149 2. sinks backed up3. security safe didn't work4. put us in nonsmoking when we requested &amp; confirmed 3 times that we wanted a smoking room5. changed rooms to another room with a safe that didn't work6. sent us on a run-around for a &quot;free trip&quot; that turned out to be a scam7. consulted a manager who did not offer any assurancy and/or apology.I will never stay here again and will make sure to tell everyone how terrible it was!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 7 2009 	Loved this place!	We had a choice between the HET properties of the Rio, Harrah's and Flamingo for 5 free nights. Having never stayed at any of these properties, we chose the Rio. I had read a lot of negative reviews on TA and was a bit nervous. We stayed from 12/18-12/23 in the Ipanema Tower in room 1145 and loved it! The rooms were recently renovated in warm colors and tastefully decorated. We also had a beautiful view of the strip. The room was HUGE. There was a seating area and a hallway that lead to the bathroom. The room also came with a refrigerator and safe. I thought the beds and pillows were extremely comfortable. We found all the employees to be helpful. The drink service was outstanding. The servers even perform for you. We are returning to Vegas in May and plan on staying here again.	
Dec 29 2008	Nice stay	On my first trip to Vegas, I stayed at the Rio. I was amazed at how much the hotel had to offer, but I guess that's what you get with any hotel/ casino in Vegas. We went to a comedy show at the hotel one night, which was really funny. The show included dinner and was really engaging...they actually had us dancing throughout the show! I loved how many shops there were in the hotel. I was most impressed with the room we stayed in. It was a suite, but the bathroom was bigger than my living room - it was so nice! Only downside about the hotel is that its a ways from the strip - about a 10 minute walk which isn't bad, but when you spend the entire day roaming the streets, it can get tiring. There's a bus that goes from Rio to the strip every hour which is nice. The Rio was a great stay but on my next trip I'll probably stay at another hotel just to try something different.	
Dec 24 2008 	Still like the Rio	I've stayed at the Rio many times but not for about 1 1/2 yrs. Arrived Sat Dec 6 and departed on Fri Dec 12. Got a really good rate through my Total Rewards card.Asked for a room in the Ipanema tower and had room 1105. Beautiful strip view, end to end. Only complaint is that the floor to ceiling windows were in bad need of a washing. No other complaints, spacious room, comfortable, plenty of storage, and I like having the in-room safe and refrigerator. Stocked up on some baked goods and OJ from a supermarket, ran down to the Starbucks in the morning for coffee.This tower has plenty of elevators (a sore subject for some at Mandalay Bay which I often stay at), nine total for guests I believe!Ate at the buffet Sunday morning early and wasn't overwhelmed but it could be that it was before they transitioned to Brunch. Ate at the Sports Grill and Noodle Place, found them a little pricey. Did the Sao Paulo Cafe, the former 24 hr coffee shop that has now dwindled to breakfast only. Decent but had to wait a bit as a lot of conventioneers were also dining. Had a good time watching NFL games Sunday at McFaddens.Did Voodoo Steak with some friends. Great food and view. My friends were Californians and one Floridian but fortunately they had the gas heaters on the Voodoo Lounge outside patio when we stepped outside afterwards.I also enjoyed the new cocktail waitress &quot;outfits&quot; :-). Show in the Sky was racier than in the past, I liked one of the shows but disliked the other (everyone crawling on the huge bed).Great time and look forward to going back.	
Dec 5 2008	Rio is a fight between good and evil	It is hard to review the Rio. It has a lot of really great points, but some not-so-great issues as well.Great: We ate at the World Buffet, Seafood Buffet, and the sports grill. All food was a great value and I would highly recommend any of the above. Waitress costumes are amazing. Penn and Teller perform in a comfortable venue and put on an amazing show. Atmosphere feels safe.Good: Staff is well kept and polite. Cheesy &quot;free&quot; show is fairly entertaining for a free show. Rooms are very clean and offer amazing full window views.There were several blatant hookers actively looking to pick up Johns (depending on who you are, this could be good or bad)Bad: Slots are super TIGHT. It is designed to push you to $1 per pull machines. You can easily go through $200 an hour playing slots at the RIO. Roulette has a $10 minimum bet on a 00 wheel.You will be attacked regularly by aggressive time share people.Some parts of the casino simply needs repair. It is weird to see this beautiful place that has simple to fix issues all over it. Even the neon sign out front needs repair. The exterior of the building seriously needs a paint job.	
Dec 4 2008 	Big Rooms....Close to Strip	My wife and I had a great time at the Rio. We loved our oversized room. The Carnival buffet had a great selection of food. The free show was nice and the women servers thoughout the casino were dressed to impress :) Also made great use of the free shuttle to Harrah's and Paris.	
Nov 29 2008	Save your Money!	Don't even bother going to Cafe Martorano unless you want poor service, super expensive food that wasn't even very good.	
Nov 28 2008 	Old 	There is NO thing as &quot;Customer Service&quot; at this hotel. They screwed up our reservation and when we complained... we were told &quot;you should have paid 20 or 30 more dollars if you wanted a good view.&quot; AND when we complained to a Manager there was no applogy, he basically said &quot;that's true.&quot; After switching rooms 5 times, we do have a view of the strip and the room is large and comfortable BUT the furniture is OLD and DIRTY! Blech! We will never stay here again. (This had been our hotel of choice for 16 years... this is VERY disappointing!!!)	
Nov 25 2008 	Great trip to the rio casino	Ok people, I was a little skeptical at first as to whether I would stay there or not( the RIO) I read the bad reviews on this site and was starting to look for another casino to stay at. I couldn't find anything for under 250 a night.. So I gave it a shot...It was the best experience I have had in Vegas in a long time..I hadn't stayed at the Rio for a couple of years and thought, from the reviews, that it had gone down the tubes. I followed this guys advise on this site to give the check in counter person a $20 with your credit card and ID. and it worked..I asked how a strip view up high would work..She said I'll see what I can do, and walla I had a great room. It's all how you treat your workers. the machines were a little tight, but on the 4th day of my stay, I got back about $700 from the penny slots between me and my wife... I know most people don't write reviews when they have a good time at places, only when they have a bad time. Well this is one I had to write about. everything about our stay was awesome. don't judge a place just by the reviews on these sites. these are usually just a fraction of the people that stay at these casinos.. now the smoke was bad. But the smoke was bad at every casino we went to. It didn't matter where you went..the smoke was worst at the older cainos. Just shower before you go to bed and your sheets won't smell like smoke your entire stay. I hope this helps you guys looking forward to stayin at the Rio.  Oh one last thing, I looked at every caino's buffet that I went to, and noone compares to the Rio. (not even Ceasars) the Rio really is the best buffet in Vegas.. I know a lot of writing, but, I had to write about the unfairness that is being brought on the Rio... It really is a nice place to stay at. Ray San Antonio,TX	
Nov 23 2008	Room to Breathe	I'll save the best part of this visit for the end. What struck me immediately was how the casino stuck out from the rest of the Las Vegas hotels. It is separated a street away from the main drag, so it immediately catches your attention.Once I arrived and check in, I was floored by the sheer size of my hotel room. This is bigger than big: it turned out to be as big as my entire house I live in. Not that it was deluxe or anything, but the sheer dimension made for a relaxing stay.When you hoof it on over to the main boulevard to see the other casinos, it is a serious 25 to 30 minute walk. I consider this a plus, because I kept it brisked-pace but it was peaceful without all of the usual traffic or even people than can overwhelm me in Vegas.The best part of Rio, the reason I stayed there, was because of someone's advice back home about the buffet. The buffet IS the best in the world: so many choices, so many stations, so many themes, countries, chefs, where could one possible begin? But begin you must, if you are going to eat! It is best to eat there each night, as there is just no way to see and sample it all in one experience. Don't even TRY. Just attempting to look over everything available is going to make your brain numb. Imagine, if you were a rich oil sheik, you'd have this problem every night - not just one night of your life! It runs about 35 dollars but was well worth it. If my brother and I cut through Las Vegas again, we'll stop at the Rio just so he can see why it's called the world's best buffet.	
Nov 20 2008 	an unpleasant experience	We stayed in Rio Hotel around the end of October on a week day. We ordered our air flight ticket and our room online via Expedia. We specifically said that we want a smoke free room.When we went to Rio they put us in a smoking room without even asking us first. When we went into the smoking room we demanded to be changed to a smoke free room but the hotel would not let us. They said that 1. We are not guaranteed a smoke free room even though we explicitly stated that when we order via expedia2. They said that they do not have any vacant room for us so we cannot switch rooms.3. They insisted that if we are not happy with the arrangement then we should leave.Everything was arranged already through expedia so we cannot leave the hotel.So we had to stay in that smoking room, full of odors of second hand smoke, for one night. It was an unpleasant experience.	
Nov 14 2008 	Had a great time and room was excellent	The hotel room was very nice. Large all marble bathroom area and room was huge also. Very comfortable king bed. I would definitely recommend a stay here.Very friendly and accomodating staff.The only thing I found was that the check in and check out was very confusing and frustrating. They way it was set up was you waited in a line for an hour to check out and then people walked up into the check in line and were taken immediately and they were checking out too. Everyone in line was complaining and the staff there was obliviously to what was going on. On egentleman behind the counter in a suit was just yawning and talking on the phone. That is the one area of the hotel that needs to be worked over. I saw a couple of customers who were at our conference and they were irrate! The person running the rest of the hotel can't possible be the one front desk.	
Nov 14 2008 	lovely hotel bad booking	We had never been to Las Vegas before and after careful consideration we chose the Rio as it appeared to be one of the bigger hotels. We specifically asked for a king bed and after standing in line for 25 minutes we were given a key for a 2 bed queen room and told there were no kings available and to try back later and oh by the way our room won't be ready for 2 hours !Needless to say we never did get the king bed suite. Our room in other aspects turned out to be fine EXCEPT for the fact that we had a lovely view of the garbage dumpsters and were rudely awakened many times by garbagemen. Oh well I guess we shouldn't have expected more after all we got a DEAL. The food at the buffet and restaurant was ok but pricey, the slots were tight and the coffee in the lobby was horrible, but at least the room we did receive was clean. Watch out for the time share people giving away &quot;free&quot; tickets to mediocre shows to lure you in to their clutches.	
Nov 13 2008 	Not a complainer but this place would make me one	I stayed for a convention from November 8-12th. Upon checki in they had no non-smoking rooms available. My room smelled like a stale ashtray...especially when trying to sleep on the bed, combined with the smell of BBQ from the restrurant below. And no I am not a smoker hater...my dad was a smoker I lived with a smoker...it was just gross in this hotel. I finally got moved the next afternoon...to a room overlooking the service entry on the back of the hotel. I could care less about a view. I could care however that I got about 2 hours of sleep each night due to the garbage trucks beeping upon backing up and slamming the dumpsters. This went on at ALL HOURS. There was not a break from it. Then I awoke to the screaching of a fire alarm going off and a recorded voice blarring that the system was being checked. This went on for at least 5 minutes. It was deafening and I think I may have wet my bed. The food is expensive and not a good as other hotels. The VOO DOO lounge was off limits due to private parties unless you wanted to pay a $20 cover charge. Even as a hotel guest. The walls in hotel rooms may as well be tissue paper. You can hear EVERYTHING...write down to your neighbors urinating. NO JOKE. I heard every word of the guy besides me discussion on sports and could hear the guy across the hall's phone and hear him answer it. I could hear the people above me in the bathroom. All night long toilets flush, doors slam, people mate. It was ridiculous. A roadside motel, yes I would expect that ....$179.00 a night room...no. The only nice thing was the shuttle to the other hotel properties...this at least got me away from the smoke for a little while. The food on the buffet was not impressive. The amount yes...the taste...no. I really am not a picky person and am fine with the Hamptons and Motel 6's of the world. I don't even ask for maid service, but this place was beyond poor. The people that work there were nice though. They tried there best and I actually felt sorry for the front desk because NO ONE was happy with the rooming situation.	
Nov 9 2008 	liked ut	Found the Rio to be a very pleasant surprise. I was not sure what to expect after reading some of the bad reviews. But I had no problems with check in they were very pleasant and very helpfully. I received the room that I had requested, which was non-smoking. The room was clean and the beds were comfy, plus we lucked out and got a strip view, what a beautiful site at night. The suite had floor to ceiling windows, coffee maker, safe and a fridge. There was also a mini bar, which we did not touch, and the front desk, told us that the mini bar works by weight so if you move and item, it charges you, so we didn't touch.The casino staff were pleasant and very helpfully with the expection of the casino cashiers, which were RUDE, I had some loose change that I had received from cashing in slot machine vouchers, I wanted some bills to lighten my pockets and they REFUSED, plain REFUSED to accept the change that they had given me from there machines, I couldn't believe that these machine even spit out pennies, how petty, and then the casino will not exchange it for a bill, how dumb is that. The buffet was excellent but go with an appetite as you have 1/4 mile of food. We found alot of the food alittle expense, at the Rio, so instead we walked across the street to the Gold Coast, where they have a great buffet for a very reasonalable price. The time share people got to go, if they asked me 1 more time if I was going to be in town tomorrow.....our answer was YES, and then we would keep walking and watch they chase us...lol The shuttle service was great, fast and pleasant drivers We were there for halloween and elections, and both days proved to be very exciting and fun.Did not have any luck at the casino, very tight machines. The waitress do wear skimpy outfits, and the wait staff do dance on mini stages, on top of banks of slot machines, I found this kinds of weird, as sometimes they were dancing to no one watching, and by the way its both male and female wait staff that do this. Now for the SMOKING the whole casino is filled with smoke, which made our eyes heard and our lungs. There is no non-smoking areas. But Rio is not alone in this, its is all over Vegas, so Vegas do you want the non-smokers business or don't you, I will not be back until smoking is band in the casinos.	
Nov 7 2008	Not at all what we expected	We requested a non-smoking room 6 WEEKS IN ADVANCE, when we checked in we were told there was none available ( they said they had just had alot of people check in ) so they gave us a choice between a smoking room and a handicap room, telling us to come back the next day and they would see what they could do for us, so we waited the next day in a long line only to be told once again, there was nothing in non-smoking available.We had &quot;dirty used&quot; wine glasses in the room bar.We also found mens underwear and a bathing suit in the drawers which obviously had not been checked.	
Nov 1 2008 	Okayso it's not the Bellagio...	Okay, nay sayers, this is for you.Hotel staff was hospitable from the beginning. So check in was fine. We liked the vibrant energy throughout the casino, although we couldn't believe how many octegenarians needed driving carts with oxygen tanks-bizarre. Rio seems to get a lot of those. Anyway, our &quot;suite&quot; for $190 was okay. Yes, the light in the bathroom are not the brightest, but really does it matter that much? The view from the all window exterior was breathtaking; I, too, recommend that you visit the voodoo lounge and have a few drinks around sunset. That was one of my all-time vegas highlights. Great photo ops there. Gym is a small and outdated, but for $22 seemed reasonable. Friendly staff there too. As for the rest: seafood and other buffet were awesome, pool adequate, although on the small side-what with the loud, european Sapphire pool having stolen valuable space from us regular folks. This is a vegas trend that must stop immediately--ditto Tao Beach at Venetian etc. So you know, I must be over forty. Anyway, despite my age, I did not find the cocktail servers outfits to be &quot;raunchy&quot; as another patron put it. In fact, my wife and I thought that they were the most attractive outfits on the strip. So I guess, we have different standards about vegas attire. Anyway, check it out. Don't believe the super negative hype that so many have broadcast in this section. For us, it was a fine weekend getaway. And, yes, it is not the Bellagio or Pallazzo, but it's not $300 either. You get what you pay for.	
Oct 31 2008	Couldn't Find the Go-Go Dancers with the "Raunchy" Outfits	We just returned from a 3 day, 2 night stay at the Rio and would have had a very enjoyable visit had it not been for the constant and very annoying sales pitches from the Time Share sales people you encounter at the front and rear entrances as well as at the Hotel check-in area. We talked with other guests who were as annoyed as we were with having to dodge these people who aren't able to remember that they have already approached you and been told &quot;not interested&quot; at least 50 times over the three days.  As for the Hotel; our room was on the 6th floor of the 20 story Ipanema tower with an unspectacular view of the mountains in the distance. Our room was comped, so we didn't get an upgrade to a room with a view of the Las Vegas Strip. Our room was a large room with a sofa, chair and marble topped furniture in addition to the king size bed and 37&quot; TV. The bathroom was average, and small, with no marble tub/shower, but did have two sinks. The carpet, wallpaper and furniture were all clean and in very good shape. The bed was very comfortable. Overall, I would give the room an &quot;A.&quot; Now for the bad thing about the room. In the morning, the room smells like BBQ meat (not a bad thing!). Late at night, the room smells so smokey, that we were afraid the smoke detectors would come on. The air conditioner worked fine; now they need to work on the smoke smell problem. Now, for my only major complaint. We were unable to find the go-go dancers with their raunchy see-thru dresses and black thong underwear that offended a previous reviewers 18 and 20 year old &quot;children.&quot; Who would think they would have such a thing in &quot;sin city?&quot;. We did notice that the free-drink serving waitress' wear the same outfit, so maybe they dance when they aren't busy. The hotel/casino has also discontinued its nightly overhead Carnival/Mardi Gras shows which was the main reason we stayed at this hotel.  The Hotel is off the Las Vegas Strip, but provides free shuttel service to its 5 or 6 other hotels on the Strip. The shuttles are easy to catch, and beat driving your car on the crowded roads. We would definately stay here again, in spite of our few complaints.	
Oct 28 2008 	Nice Rooms but the whole hotel smells of smoke	We stayed at the Rio for 2 nights in October. Overall it was ok (service, ammenities, etc) but we found that the whole hotel (including the hallway to our room) with the exception of the room itself, smelled a bit on the smokey side.The casino is quite dark but proved to be a little lucky.The location is not the best (off the strip) but the free shuttle service to other Harrah's hotels on the strip (Paris, Harrah's, Caesar's, etc) was a nice touch (even though the shuttles only come once every 30 mins.Overall, not a bad deal for the price.	
Oct 26 2008 	over-rated	Room was huge, but somewhat dated. Biggest problem was the thin walls. First we were next door to a family with small children, who were literally bouncing off the walls day and night and we could hear everything. After they checked out, we were treated to a 6 am wake up call of the sounds of someone getting very sick. We could hear people walking up and down the halls. I felt like we had to whisper or everyone of these people would hear everything we were saying or doing too. The Rio is a nice enough place but everything was very very expensive....when you stay off the strip in a less convenient place you kind of expect them to make some concessions to keep you coming back and they don't really give you any breaks here. Not worth the prices they charge...you can get a room just as big and just as nice at the Orleans or Golden Nugget and for a lot less.	
Oct 15 2008 	Rio great if rooms are comped!	We stay at the Rio everytime we hit Vegas! This last visit was soooo disappointing. They have taken away some pool access to create the Sapphire Adult Pool. You have to pay to enter, although you are a guest. Some of the slot machines have been removed. The Carnival atmosphere has turned into an Rhythm and Blues Concert. The carpet and sofa needed to be cleaned. The best part of my stay was the fact that my room was comped for five nights!	
Oct 11 2008 	Not worth the money	My husband had a convention for work here and we had never been to Las Vegas, so we were pretty excited about the trip. We stayed at the Golden Nugget Monday through Wednesday and the Rio Thursday through Sunday. The Golden Nugget was much cleaner and not &quot;raunchy&quot; like the Rio. Our 18 year old daughter and my 20 year old niece was with us and we were embarrased many times because of women with black lace mini, see-through, dresses wearing thongs dancing on 5x5 round high floors all around main floor of the hotel. Then as far as the rooms go, again with 4 of us in our room we never had more than 1 wash cloth or 3 towels, we alwasy had to call for more. The carpet is stained, the bathroom counter is stained, and the couch is run-down looking. The whole room needs updating. I was not impressed with this hotel and felt that a Hampton Inn, which is our usual hotel stay, would have been a 100% improvement.	
Oct 7 2008 	Dated	The room was big, but the bath area was small for a 4 star hotel in Vegas. The shower was dated and needed cleaning. The casino itself is one of the smokiest I have experienced in Vegas - needed to burn my clothesWe were there for a wedding - the only reason I would ever stay there is that most of the staff was helpful. It is truly a property in need of some updates - the pool furniture is from a budget store	
Oct 7 2008 	Good time but just ok this time!!	I have stayed at the Rio twice before and always enjoyed it. This time was the best Vegas trip ever (for reasons other than the hotel). I had been comped for my 5 night stay in the newly renovated Ipanema Tower. While the room was great, we had the room furthest from the elevator down the long green carpeted hallway my sister referred to as &quot;The Green Mile&quot;. The rooms are so 'roomy' that you can move around without tripping over one another. We did have a problem where our toilet did not flush and had to call three times before someone came to fix it. Luckily, we had access to a friend's room right down the hall. The pool area is always fun. Didn't get to see the Masquerade Show in the Sky this time. it only runs on certain days now. The Carnival World Buffet was excellent as always. So much food to choose from and those desserts!!!!! YUM Overall, a good stay at the Rio!!	
Oct 3 2008 	Big clean rooms friendly staff!	After having the worst hotel experience EVER at the Flamingo, my party moved over to the Rio. The rooms are big and clean, every staff member we encountered was VERY friendly and helpful, and we got a GREAT rate. I will always give my business to the Rio!	
Sep 19 2008 	Vegas Baby!	This was my third time staying here. There has been some changes since my last stay, such as: a new seafood buffet (only one in Vegas), Saphirre Beach, and an Irish Pub. It's a bit off the strip, however, the resort offers free shuttles to Harrahs, Paris and Cesars. If you've never been you need to go to the Voodoo Lounge at night and bring a camera, it's absolutely beautiful. You can see the the whole strip, the planes landing and taking off at the airport and basically anything that lights up. The elevator ride up is pretty cool as well, as it's glass and you can see everything. No complaints about the room, rates are reasonable and beds are comfortable. I was there for a convention and it was very well run. Everything once again was above average and I would recommend the Rio to my friends.	
Sep 18 2008 	You Can Do Better	I stayed for one night at Rio during a business trip. It was the first time at this hotel although I have been to Vegas over a dozen times.The hotel is not on the strip and is not really in walking distance to the strip. There is a shuttle that can be taken but we had a car. The casino was unimpressive. Many tables were not open and there were very few blackjack tables (and none under $15). We did our gambling at the always-fun Hard Rock where $10 are plentiful, the music is great and the dealers friendly. There are about a dozen restaurants in the Rio. I have eaten previously at the Carnival World Buffet and thought it was very good. This time just had lunch at the Sao Paulo Café which was decent and what you would expect from a casino coffee shop. For dinner, ate at Ago in the Hard Rock (which is partly owned by Robert DeNiro and was excellent). Although all rooms are listed as &quot;suites&quot;, that is a bit of an exaggeration. There is not a separate bedroom (as least not in the main tower); it is just a large hotel room with a couch area and a hallway to the bathroom. The bathroom was not big and there was only one sink in the hallway. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the TV worked (not HD) but I could hear the conversation in the next room through the connecting door.The pool complex looked pretty neat but did not use it. Really did not spend a lot of time at the hotel.Overall, there are much better choices in Las Vegas. For about the same price, you can stay right on the strip at great places. Off-strip, there are better choices such as the Hard Rock (although currently going through some major construction).	
Sep 13 2008 	Rio Cutting Back	We have stayed at the Rio quite a bit. But were dissapointed this time. Yes the rooms need to be updated. But the big dissapointment was they are cutting back on the free entertainment. The Masquerade Village was always a fun place, But now the show in the sky is only on Thursday,Friday, and Saturday. It used to be everyday. The show has also changed and seems to be geared towards adults. It is also not as good as the old show. They also used to have a parade go through the casino. That is gone. It is a bit of a inconvenience to be off the strip but it used to be worth it because it was such a fun place. But it seems the fun is gone and I will be staying on the strip next time	
Sep 12 2008	Lights	Bring your own lightbulb if you want to do any reading. It's good to conserve energy but have at least one bulb in the room for reading.place is getting a little shabby.	
Sep 12 2008 	Worst Experience At Hotel Would Never VIsit Again	I checked into the rio on Sept 9th for 3 nights the last nite as an invited guest. We paid 75 dollars for the first two nights , I checked in and was given a supposed renovated room (Imanepa Tower RM#676), i walked in and room was dirty, and the beds were like a rock. I called the front desk to see if i could get a new room I was told yes in a couple of hrs. I called back a couple of hrs later after i had dinner and they told me that they couldnt move me until the next day in the morning as the hotel was full. I find that hard to believe because when i got up the maids said that our floor was about only 25% full. I went to the front desk and they swiched us rooms. The new room was in the same tower (977) yes the beds were better, but a new problem arose. When we took a shower the shower curtain wasnt large enough that the water flooded the entire floor of the bathroom and vanity area. I called the front desk and they sent a supervisor over to look at it and she was like &quot;Oh this is not good&quot;, she told the maid to change the curtains and mop up the floor. We had nothing but trouble with this hotel with room service, maid service, and front desk. The manager of the hotel has an attitude that was unacceptable. we were extremely unsatisfied we checked out and got a much better room at Treasure Island. I will never go back to the rio not even as an invited guest, this is not a 4 star property, more like a 1 star.	
Sep 3 2008 	Returning in 6 months it was THAT good!	I took my husband to Las Vegas over Labor Day weekend as a surprise. At first, I didnt think I could afford to stay at a resort. But I got a room for the popular weekend for about $300 (great price compared to what the other hotels were charging for that particular weekend.) The room was huge. I don't know how they are getting away with calling them 'suites', because they are really just big hotel rooms with a couch. But that doesn't matter, we had all the room we needed. We requested a low floor, so we didnt have to wait on the elevators long. They gave us the 4th floor in the masquerade tower. We had a great view of the mountains, the other building and THE ROOF lol. But it was ok! Thats what we requested. It was a fair trade off, considering we never had to wait more than 15 seconds for an elevator. And, you could also technically see part of the strip (Trump tower, Treasure Island, some other stuff). With that said, I would definitely recommend for people to get mountain view room and go as close to the bottom floor as possible. The entertainment at the cassino is UNREAL! It was amazing! Singing, dancing...the cocktail waitresses were EVERYWHERE! They were coming in waves, offering drinks when I already had an order in! I even got a drink while at the penny slots! I have NEVER been offered a drink at a penny slot! We saw the Penn and Teller show, and we loved it. We were already huge fans, but even then, the show is pretty awesome, and if you stay here, you have to see it. The Carnival Buffet was great for breakfast. Every breakfast food under the sun and then some. The burgers at All American Grill were to die for. And Rubs BBQ on the 2nd floor of Masquerade villiage was amazing. I did have some issues, but are just barely worth mentioning. We had a king bed, and it came with 3 really fluffy pillows. My husband and I are used to 2 pillows each. These pillows were weird...1 pillow wasnt enough, but 2 was too many. We decided to request a 4th pillow, so we could have 2 each. I request it pretty late our first night there, and they said they would put the request in, although no 4th pillow showed up. Not a big deal, like I said, it was pretty late at night when I requested it. The bed at first feels pretty outdated when u sit on it. I thought for sure it would be uncomfortable to sleep in, but both my husband and i woke up feeling well rested (and hung over) each morning. some of the light bulbs in the bathroom didnt work, but there was still PLENTY of light (well, when you turn the bathroom lights on, they look kinda dark, but after a few seconds, they get brighter...like they had to warm up?? but once that was done, the bathroom was nice and bright). the water pressure in the bathroom was SO STRONG! and yes, its true that there is no coffee makers in the room. but that was FINE for us, since we dont drink it. if the lack of coffee maker is keeping you from staying at this hotel, then either plan on getting it at breakfast or in the lobby, go to the 2 starbucks on the property, or for $3 at the grocery store you can buy those Folgers single packs of instant coffee. The water get really hot really fast in our room too, so that was good...instant hot water if we needed it! we arrived at 3pm and there was almost no line to check in. check out line was pretty long, so we went back to our room and checked out over the phone. some tips: if u take a taxi to the Rio from the airport, don't take the interstate! it cost us about $30 to get to the hotel using the interstates, but the morning we left, our driver took non-interstate roads, and it was only $20. there is a shuttle to the other harrahs properties, but it doesnt start until 10 AM (we sat out there from 8:45 to about 9:30 before we figured that one out LOL), we just took cabs. Its about $10 including tip to go from the Rio to either Paris, Caesers, Bellagio or Ballys. (all 4 of those share the same intersection on the strip at flamino, and the rio is on flamingo. mapquest it.)We had such a great time, we are going again in early March!	
Sep 2 2008 	Never Again	My wife and I were severely disappointed with the condition of our room at the Rio. It had no coffee maker and no microwave. The online ad stated that the rooms had at least a microwave and one ad said it had a coffee maker. Other problems were dirty glasses, worn carpet, dirt spots on the sofa and a TV where the color faded in and out. For the price of $169 per night, we expected much better. We will never stay there again. It is hotel that is comparable with the $49 &quot;off the strip&quot; dives.	
Aug 23 2008 	Hotel from Hell	What a horrible experience. The staff was so unbelievably rude. When we asked for our money back at the buffet the woman just handed us our money and didn't even ask why we wanted to go elsewhere (which was because they sat us at a table with strangers and when we aske to be moved the waiter said no and walked away). The view was great....if you like looking at a roof and a parking lot. They charge ten dollars a day for internet connection. I understand they have to make money but I pay $30 a month for internet. Rooms are O.K. but not worth the money. House keeping will keep your room clean....if you tip them well every day. If your going with your wife or seriouse girlfriend I hope she isn't shy and your secure because the regular pool is so crowded you wont even be able to sit down so you'll have to go to the topless pool with all the young perverts who come to the hotel just for that. Oh, yah, you'll also have to pay $10 for your wife to get her breast gawked at and $20 for you to get in the pool. I wish I could put into words how bad the experience was but words will never explain it.	
Aug 21 2008	Room need an update	I used to stay at the Rio quite a bit, but this was the first time I had been back in about five years. While I really like the large rooms, I will not be back until the Rio does an update. The carpeting, bedding, upholstery and furnishings are worn and the room seems shabby for the rates they are charging. They need to upgrade or replace mattresses.If you don't mind well-worn, Rio offers large rooms that in addition to the beds have ample space for a sectional couch, coffee table, 36&quot; TV, and two-seat dinette table. The bathroom set up is great with shower/toilet/sink/counter in one room, and another full sink and counter outside with the closet. The lighting is the most flattering you'll see. There's also a mini-fridge and an in-room safe. Video check-out was fast and easy.The pool area has been re-done. Rio has added a lot of foliage and a sand beach area. The poolside bar had friendly bartenders and servers. Unfortunately, it has closed off its best pool, the one with the double waterfall, and it is now the Sapphire Pool, an adults only &quot;European-style&quot; area (that's Vegas-talk for topless). Cover charges apply.The casino has been kept up and looks good. But if you are looking for the hip or well-heeled crowds, they aren't here. I enjoyed Penn &amp; Teller's show and recommend it.I	
Aug 19 2008 	Rio All Suites: big rooms at a great price (long review trying to be thorough)	We stayed at the Rio from Aug 9th - Aug 17th. Overall, a very nice stay. Pros: Lots of square feet for the price. Our room was in the impanema tower on the 18th floor. View was Ok, A/C worked Fantastic! It was 105 deg F outside and it stayed around 68 deg F in our room. Shower/bathroom adequate, with two sinks making it easy for multiple people to get ready to go out. The Casino: Table hosts were pleasant and eager to help you learn games (as all casino's tend to be). Saturday/Sunday seemed to be heavier smoke, but still less than the palms.Didn't see Carribbean Stud anymore, they have a texas holdem table game. Poker room: Plenty of $1-$3 no limit tables running with minimal waiting. PR host very friendly.Restraunts: I didn't take advantage of all of the restraunts. Mainly ate at the &quot;All American Grill&quot; burgers are $9.99. Drinks at the bar and clubs are $12. (casino still free) Rub BarBQ was delicious. The One Meat platter was more than enough for me (ate the briscuit one night and pulled pork another - both good.Convention Center: Huge! and a long walk to get there. This hotel is enormous when using the convention center.Shuttle: The hotel is off the strip and there is a free shuttle running to the other Harrah's casino's (Caesars, Harrah's) They run on the half hour headed out and at :15, an :45 returning until 1am I think. (I had to take cabs back a couple of times - both times less than $10 + tip)The hotel is within walking distance of Gold Coast Casino (not much there) and the Palms (good time at the Ghost Bar and the Playboy Club).Night life: Voodoo lounge on 52nd floor. Do yourself a favor and if you are just going for a drink during the summer, wait until after midnight when it's a little bit cooler. Great views up there and a good time. Lots of single guys and it seemed like even more single girls. There must have been at least 3 bachelorette parties on each Fri/Sat/Sun nights up there. If you go up before sundown, it feels as though you are standing in a hair dryer.Pool: three pools, usually at least two open. water is very cool but didn't look very clean, everybody's sunscreen leaves a film on top.Lot's to do close by: went to Mt. Charleston (the restraunt there sucked!) and went to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon -&quot;Sky Walk&quot; magnificient views, however, be aware that there are two charges ($30 for the bus ride and $30 to go out on the walkway, and oh by the way, you can't bring your own camera out there! (or your cell phone smart guy) They did give me $10 off for military, so that was nice - there is about 14 miles of dirt road on the way there that was fun to drive in a rental car (glad it wasn't mine) They do take professional pictures there that they are happy to charge you for (they came out great and we ended buying some). Don't forget the $20 parking fee as well (we piled six people into our car - then we bought the $100 photo package that gives you four framed photos and all the others on a USB card so it was inexpensive all said and done = $100/6 people).Shows: took in Zoomanity (adult cirque) at NYNY. good time but not as much acrobatics that the Cirque shows are known for. They did a late show there at 10:30pm (that's why we chose it) Have a blast!	
Aug 19 2008 	They came up short	Were to start. We just got back from a convention at the Rio and found it to be disappointing from the research and reviews we had read prior to leaving for the convention. First, when we checked into our room we found a used condom on the floor at the edge of the bed. Then, noticed that the experience coupons that they had given us at check-in were last months and expired.  Day 2 we went to the pool only to find it closed at 6 PM, and one of the 3 pools were closed for cleaning. The hotel was at full capacity and had at least 1 pool closed every day of the week during our stay and one day had 2 pools closed, the good thing is it was only 105+ everyday so who would want to cool off, right? We decided to try breakfast on day 3 at the Sao Paulo Cafe and the service was terrible. They never brought the condiments we requested so, we had to ask another table if they were done with theirs. Then the coffee was delivered once we were done with breakfast and the service was extremely slow, you could tell they were short staffed. We tried a few more meals at the cafe and found this to hold true every time. Our room and little to no hot water between the hours of 6 AM and 10 PM on a daily basis. The non-smoking rooms reserved for 3 of our traveling mates had been given to other guests and they were assigned to smoking rooms with no discount or explanation given. They had booked 4 months prior to our visit.  We decided to go bowling one night at the Lucky Strike Lanes and were told to leave at midnight because they felt like closing 2 hours earlier than their sign stated. After speaking with the manager they said it was because the alley was to slow but, they had 6 of 10 lanes running, people at the bar and people shooting pool? We were never advised by the rewards center or staff that if we presented our players card at any shop or restaurant associated with the Rio or Harrah’s property's that we would earn additional credits. We found that out by accident on our last day when we noticed a small sign in one of the shops that explained that rewards members get a 10% discount on merchandise. We decided to purchase an in room movie one night &quot;Forgetting Sarah Marshall&quot; and the picture quality was horrid. On a few occasions I was never tracked at a gaming table because the pit boss was to busy and didn't get around to me before I lost my shirt.... On our last morning room service came to our neighbor’s door and began pounding on it for 5 minutes announcing themselves for that guest to no avail @ 5 AM, effectively waking up everyone in the surrounding rooms. Finally, I had requested a late check out at time of booking and when I checked in and they told me it would be no problem, just advise them the day before we leave. So, the day before we were to leave, I advised the front desk of my request and they told me it would be an additional $240 to stay until 3 PM otherwise I had to be out by Noon. Great customer service on their part since that was the first time I was told that I had to pay for the day to stay a mere 3 hours longer. Had I known that at the time of booking I would have book an earlier flight home for us.That said, I would pick another hotel before I stayed at the Rio again. It isn't all it is cracked up to be plus, it is quite a ways from the Strip where everything is.	
Aug 18 2008 	I would not stay there again	I booked the room back in April (Five months ahead) and when we arrived they could not even provide the room we requested. So my wife and I spent six nights in a double queen room. Now we have a king at home and we did not bring the kids. So much for sleeping with my wife for a week. Once we got in the room the safe did not work. I called down to the desk and they blew me off. It was not till the third time when they sent up a repair man and he was able to fix it. Now lets go to Las Vegas and carry around a few thousand dollars in our pockets all week!!!!!!They charge d extra to use the gym and internet service is provided $10 a day. When we went to check out there was three phone calls on our room charge. We had our cell phones and never used theirs. After I got home did I realize that the repair man from the safe used the phone three times to call someone. We thought about the safe abviously not. He spoke Spainish so we had no clue. The workers were not friendly, but the room was clean. We go to Vegas about every other year and will never stay there again.	
Aug 13 2008	The Rio	We had a REALLY fun time at the RIO, LasVegas.My Grandchildren enjoyed the pool area (3 pools for everyone) especially the beach pool where they could play in the sand.My granddaughter (8) also enjoyed catching the beads from the masquarade in the Sky show.The rooms are called suites. Actually 1 vey large room with 2 queen size beds and a sleep sofa. Refrigerator is also included.Clean and comfortableThe children very much enjoyed the day ar Circus Circus with all day ride band for $20 and midway games at $1. They won many prizes.Yes you can find enjoyment for Elementary school age children in LasVegas	
Aug 8 2008 	Rio Not The Place For Kids	When we checked into the Rio we forgot to go to the Prefered Check in Room so we checked in through the gold room. My husband suggested one of the remodled room and we were given a room on the 13th floor in the Inpanema Tower. While we were checking in we were suckered into their new dining plan! Basically you get $200 worth of food for $180. When you eat at any of the Harrah's properties you send the tab to your room. When you check ou they are supposed to apply the credit to your account. However the host in the Prefered room where we checked out and knew nothing. If you are a Platinum or higher player you already get a discount. The food plan still needs tweeking.Our room in the Inpanema tower had a beautiful view of the Palms, Gold Coast and distant mountain view. I am glad we stayed in the Inpanema tower as we overheard another man who was staying in the Masquerade tower say he had a wonderful view of the new Saphire Pool, which is topless. Not my taste but maybe for others.The Rio does not cater to kids of any age. There is not an arcade and the bowling alley does not allow anyone under the age of 21 after 9 p.m.We noticed that the Rio no longer does their little show daily and its only performed Thursday-Sundays starting approx. 9 p.m. The show has gotten VERY VERY loud and the routine is quite RISQUE!! Not something for the children to see. In between acts you can also catch a glimpse of some of the Chipendales that come out and for a fee you can grab a picture and grab alot whole lot more :)We ate at the new Rub BBQ and it was just OK. The staff is friendly and heavly tattooed but the food is just ok. Service was great.Its nice to have to be off strip where it tends to be a little more quiter but the tables are really expensive. We did not see a blackjack table that was less than $25 and that was at 10 a.m.We had no problems getting a drink, if you ask for a double you will enjoy the three ounces of liquid a little more.The tables were staffed with friendly dealers and the pit bosses were socialable as well.Take advantage of the &quot;free&quot; shuttle back to the strip to the other Harrah's properties. The drivers are nice and fun so don't forget the tip.There are a couple of pools outside and the big pool is FREEZING!! Even in 105 degree heat they must pump cold water into that pool. All in all, I am hooked on the Rio for their service and the quietness rather than people straggling in from the strip. If you are planning your vacation that includes children under the age of 21 you should consider another hotel.	
Aug 4 2008 	Smoky and uncomfortable	When we arrived we waitel in line for an hour only to be told there were no non-smoking rooms in the entire hotel. We offerred to pay more for an upgrade but were told that none were available. The room we received was by far the worst hotel room I have ever been in. It smelled awful, had stains all over the floor and furniture, and the bed was one of the most uncomfortable things I have ever felt. You could feel the springs just by touching the mattress.We complained and they moved us to another smoking room that was more comfortable but still smelled. The next day we moved to a non smoking room which was quite comfortable and nice.The rest of our stay at the Rio was fine. I would not reccommend it mainly because of the location, the high prices at the black jack tables, and the smell of smoke everywhere. I will not plan on staying at the Rio again.	
Jul 28 2008 	Another AWESOME time at the Rio!	What can I say? The Rio did it again!From the moment we were greeted at our car in valet parking till the time the very same smiling face (Mr. Church) saw us off when we left it was a great time had by my whole family.I could go on and on about the Rio and why I always choose to stay there, but let me put it all in a quick 'Pros and Cons' list so that you, the ‘potential’ guests, can judge for yourself.Pros:Easy/fast/friendly Valet, Check In/Check OutClean, spacious, room w/fridge &amp; safeGreat buffet/ restaurants/Starbucks VooDoo Lounge is, as always, THE place to party for me and my wifeThe Casino is very easy to navigate from one end to the otherVery intimate feel about the entire hotel, yet spacious enough when crowdedGreat/Clean Pool areaGreat/Clean Spa and workout facilitiesVery attractive and attentive staffCons:Casino smells like stale smoke a lot. Not all the time, mind you, but sometimes…blah!Tables don’t pay out too well. If you’re strictly a gambler I’d steer away from the RioDon’t touch anything in the mini bar or you might be charged. My son opened the fridge out of curiosity and looked at some of the things inside and everything he touched practically ended up on my bill (they charges were removed, of course, but still…Be warned!)Over all I’d highly recommend the Rio for a couple or a family to stay at Las Vegas. We went on this trip to see The Phantom (at the Venetian) and were not disappointed as the show was out of this world fantastic, but after hiking through the Venetian and its shops, Wynn and its shops, Bellagio and its shops and all of the Caesar’s Mall (I recommend the Italian Pizza at Spago), it was nice to get back and rest in the comfort of the Rio.	
Jul 24 2008 	Room stained and old	Our room was in the Masquerade Tower. It was clearly one of the rooms that has not been updated. The paint on the ceiling in the bathroom was peeling as was the wallpaper. There were several stains on the carpet and on the couch. The light bulbs around the mirror didn't match and one was burnt out. There was a bathmat that was stuck down to the bathtub that was torn and dirty. The mattress was soft and had springs sticking out in several areas. The decor was VERY dated and not what I would expect from a hotel that bills itself as &quot;exotic, uninhibited and fun.&quot;I brought these problems to the attention of the desk staff and was told that the Ipanema Tower had updated rooms, but that none were available for us to move.	
Jul 23 2008 	Pretty Good!!	Stayed in Rio All Suites Hotel for a week during last May.Overall it was a great experience, the room is huge, clean and cozy. Nice shower, TV, and also a small fridge and safe box. It's not a extremely luxury hotel, but is well above the average. The World Carnival Buffet is well worth the money and actually, it is one of the best and cheapest (tried the Bellagio and Planet Hollywood's also, but Rio's was the best in my opinion).Bottomline: Very recommended! Cons: Compulsory $200 deposit at the check-in, returned if you don't spend it (minibar, gambling, etc). A little away from the Strip, but you can take the free shuttles to and from (never waited more than 15 min).	
Jul 21 2008	Nice hotel but dont expect to get comped for anything!!!	The hotel was nice the staff was good but do not expect if you play table games to be comped for anything. They base your comps on if you win not on your play. Plan on full price for everything.	
Jul 20 2008 	Misleading promo at the Rio	the rooms are spacious but with very few luxury touches such as no robes, generic toiletries which are bare bones, &amp; poor quality sound proofing (able to hear other's in their rooms.) Gym fee is $22 each time you want to use it! With plenty to choose from in vegas, I wouldn't choose the Rio!	
Jul 17 2008 	Nothing Special	Stayed at the Rio from July 7 - 11 with a group of friends. My friend had accrued some comp points and got a room for free for the entire time. I thought that was a pretty sweet deal. I thought that overall the place was beginning to show some wear and tear. I was especially disappointed with the pool area. I believe there's a total of four pools, but they kept one of them closed all the time, and the ones that were open were on the filthy side. Of course, the Sapphire pool was in good shape, but you had to pay $30 to get in because a bunch of tired strippers sun bathed topless there. On top of the cover, expect to have your wallet raped as if you were in the strip club itself. Drinks are obnoxiously high. They give you drink coupons outside, then they don't honor them when you get in. My naive friends found out the hard way, when they ran a tab (big mistake) of over $200 for a couple buckets of beer and a few cocktails.The rooms weren't spectacular but they were clean, and the beds were very comfortable. Considering that I wasn't in Vegas to stay in a hotel room, the whole time, it was fine. Didn't eat that much in the hotel. Late night sandwich at Rub was mediocre; lunch at Great American Grill was pretty good.TIP: Since the hotel gives you a fridge separate from the mini-bar fridge, take advantage of it and go to a convenience store to buy water / beer or whatever. I know I'm in Vegas to pretty much lose money, but I can't in good conscience pay $3 - $4 for a bottle of water when I can get it elsewhere for 1/2 the price. At those prices, it seemed like I was staying in an airport terminal.I miss the mobster Vegas.	
Jul 14 2008 	Enjoyable and clean	I stayed at the Rio for 4 nights. I enjoyed the 'RUB' bbq restruant so much I ate there a handfull of times during my stay. Theit international buffet was fantastic too. The service was kind and fast! I am craving some of those deserts right now!My room was on the 15th floor of the Ipanema tower. I had a great few of all the pools and at night the vegas skyline. The room was very clean and tidy. I always do the bed bug check (when you look for blood spots on mattresses- grim I know) clean as a whistle to my relief, but I am sure you understand. I stayed a wednesday to saturday, t was quiet until friday night, just guests abovve me dropping things. But no real noisy halls or anything. Every once and a while smoke would seep into my non-smoking room, but so did the smell of bacon in the morning, so it's not all bad.I liked the pools by day, but was bummed when they shut the fountains off when the wind came up, but I understand it's for the better, just wanted to play a little more ;)I was traveling alone and felt safe there as a female.	
Jul 8 2008 	An OK Experience	We stayed at the Rio July 1st thru the 3rd. It was the first time we had stayed off the strip. Check in was a nightmare. There was no line but there were no rooms available. We were told to come back in an hour. We did, no rooms. We had five rooms in our party and asked that we be kept as close as possible. “As possible” not next door. After three hours and three trips to check in we got our rooms. Two in the Masquerade tower, same floor, three in the Ipanema Tower, two on the same floor, one not so much. Whatever, we dealt with it. The rooms were nice with a large dressing area and clean. No complaints about the rooms, by anyone. The amenities were great. We didn’t gamble at the Rio so I can’t comment on that, well not at the tables but it seemed that every time my son sat down in front of a slot machine, he won. Figures. The shuttle to the strip was nice but getting back was not so nice. Half of our group gave up and took a limo from Harrahs, the other half waited 45 minutes for a shuttle that they could get on. We ate at McFadden’s twice and we loved it. We ate at the seafood buffet, once was enough. The pool looked great but we didn’t have time to go…bummer. Overall, the Rio was fine but I prefer to be on the strip so I probably won’t stay there again. I’m glad I tried it though.	
Jul 1 2008 	Will not stay again	I do not intend to stay at the Rio again. I stayed there some years ago and remember a positive experience. This time I booked my room there because it is the host hotel for the World Series of Poker. First problem: I checked in and went to my assigned room to find that it had not been serviced. It took some time before a very nice housekeeper serviced the room. (I was told that it was somehow in the computer that it had been cleaned.) Second problem: Rio rooms do not have coffee makers. This is the only hotel (out of many) that I have stayed in that has a refrigerator but no coffee maker. And you can tell that the furniture is designed to accommodate a coffee maker. I inquired at the desk if one could be placed in my room and got a negative answer. Third problem: Room service is very, very slow. It took them one hour and 15 minutes to deliver some very expensive coffee. Third problem: These are really casino problems but all of the craps tables were $15 or $25 tables--a little rich for me. Single and double deck blackjack tables have unusual rules that handicap the player more than usual, i.e., these one and two deck tables pay only $5 for a bet of $25 when you get a blackjack and will not allow &quot;double downs&quot; on split hands. The $25 tables have &quot;normal&quot; Vegas rules but they do not open many of them which tells me they are obviously trying to push players onto the others. Everyone says that Vegas is hurting now because of gas prices--the Rio is hurting for numerous reasons. I intend to play again in the WSOP but I will not stay at the Rio.	
Jun 25 2008 	Won't stay again	Stayed at the Rio June 17-19. This was the second time I've stayed there. The room was large and clean and was in the Ipanema Tower. I got both nights free through a Harrah's mailer and I would still not recomend staying here unless you are not gambling. Definitely don't pay a lot for your room if you choose this place and don't gamble at the Rio! I have never seen anyone win at slots and the table minimums are often 15$ or more.The Rio and the Flamingo both had a line for Harrahs Gold card members to check in, so look for this to expedite your checking in. Tried to eat at the San Paulo restaurant one night and for the first time in my life had to walk out after we ordered food because the tables next to us were complaining so loudly about the long wait for their food, finding hairs in their salad and wrong orders. We waited about 10 minutes for the waitress to come over to us and then it just seemed like we were going to be there for at least an hour and chances are that the food was going to be iffy(total speculation on my part, but I've been in plenty of casino restaurants in my life and I'll bet I made the right decision to walk)On the other hand, we ate lunch at the All American Grill and had great service and food(this meal was comped by the check in desk-manager after he snatched our room from us and gave it to somebody else)The Rio does have shuttles to other Harrah's properties, but if you are paying money for your room there are a lot of better choices than the Rio. We also stayed at the Flamingo in a Go room. Way better location and the gambling is better-smaller room though.	
Jun 23 2008 	Practical	Through a friend's comp, we were able to stay at this hotel. Hotel suites are spacious. Amenities includes a mini fridge and just all the basics. You have to pay for internet which is 11.99 a day. That really sucked. The pool is ok. They have a beach pool side but is very small. Pools are small. The casino is very smoky. Every time we pass there, we stunk cigarette smoke in our hair and clothes. The housekeeper service was quite fast when we asked for additional towels. The buffet is big but the usual menu. Nothing special about it but they serve Starbucks (you have to pay separately). It's far from the strip. The usual cab fare is 20 dollars going to the Fashion mall. The show is corny but I guess you have to find out things that can amuse you. The hotel is ok. stayed in betters ones.	
Jun 19 2008 	Good Hotel for the price	Went to Las Vegas over a weekend and had booked a premium suite at the Rio. This is a good hotel as the rooms are very spacious and have floor to ceiling windows. Most of the rooms have been renovated and are modern. The room was very clean and service was excellent as they had left plenty of toiletries and towels so you never ran out. The casino is huge and can get quite busy at night especially on the weekend. The carnival in the sky show was temporarily closed, but has been re-opened with a new theme and new music routines. The buffet is excellent, one of the best that I have had in Vegas and make it a point to eat at the buffet every time I am in Vegas. The Harrah's property has a shuttle that runs every 20 minutes that will take you to and from each of their properties which is great as you will save on the cost of a taxi.Overall I would recommend this hotel as a good bargain.	
Jun 19 2008 	Nice experience at the Rio	We stayed at the Rio this past week-end. We were on the 18th floor of the old tower. Our room had been renovated. It was nice. Nice big closet. Nice bathroom. Good towels. Nice carpet. Good housekeeping. Pillows were a little too hard for my taste. Had a couch, an easy chair, a coffe table, plus a table and two chairs. The windows looked like it had rained a little since they had been cleaned. Stayed nice and cool. Didn't smell like smoke. There is a shuttle to the strip. It seemed to run a little more slowly than usual, but it's still a nice feature. Things were pretty crowded because of the World's Series of Poker, but service was still fast. No problems. I've read some less than complimentary reviews regarding this property, but our stay was nice--except that we didn't win a single thing!	
Jun 16 2008 	Rio RipOff - Literally!	I am PRESENTLY staying at the Rio, which is fast turning into a nightmare experience. My son &amp; I booked for several days and for 2 days straight, we had no room cleaning, fresh towels, etc., so I called housekeeping &amp; asked for service. Little did I know I was asking to be robbed. After the &quot;cleaning&quot; I decided to go to the pool. My son was still in the room. As I left, there was a housekeeping employee in the hall, who asked if my room was cleaned. I said it was fine &amp; left. A few minutes after I left, my son heard someone enter the room. He thought I had returned, but found the same employee standing in our room! The man asked again if &quot;everything were all right&quot; and my son told him we were fine. My son left approx. 10 min. later to register for a tournament that evening. I returned about 45 min. after I left and found that my key did not work. Spooky - the robber was IN MY ROOM! I went to the front desk &amp; had to get a new key. When we both returned, we found the cash that was in the shorts I wore before changing for the pool was gone - as was my son's ipod. Police report filed, officer told me this happens &quot;frequently&quot; at this hotel. Problem with housekeeping. Indeed! So far, &quot;risk management&quot; has been adept at attempting to soothe us, but nothing has been done. I have not been allowed to identify the employee I suspect, nor has my son. Video cameras will reveal the time I entered the elevator to go to the pool and when I returned. I suspect someone is cloning room keys. No report of &quot;other&quot; keys used, given verbally - to get a &quot;real&quot; key report, I have to subpoena. Sound fishy? Does to me!Take a lesson from our mistake: do NOT stay at the Rio. Unless you are just into having your room burglarized by &quot;employees&quot; who wish to help you out!!!	
Jun 10 2008 	Nice Hotel off the Strip	I stayed at this hotel from May 31 to June 3. The hotel is right off the strip. You can take a shuttle bus, every half hour, or take a cab(about $10). The rooms at the hotel are very spacious with a king size bed, 2 couches, and a coffee table. What I liked best was there were 2 sinks, one in the bathroom and one outside which made it very convinient. My room and the entire hotel is very clean. Guest services are prompt and friendly. The breakfast and seafood buffet was excellent. A bit pricey($17 and $40), though a wide variety of tasty food. The seafood buffet was packed with lobster, crab legs, wide variety if shrimp, clams, and mussles. Along with Greek, Italian, Chinese, Japanese foods and rib eye steak. For those BBQ lovers check out Rub BBQ with authentic BBQ sauce. Stay away from the sports bar. Low quality and high priced. The pool area was great. There are 3 pools. One heated, and 2 with a waterfall. The pool area is very spacious with plenty of chairs. The only thing I did not like was that after 4:00 you could'nt get any sun since the hotel blocked the direction of hte sun.While at this hotel check out the VooDoo lounge. Its located on the rooftop of the hotel where you get a great view of the strip at night.	
Jun 6 2008 	Good Hotel for off the strip	Positives:Quick check in Service, Friendly staff, Impena Tower recently renovated, Nice spacious rooms, Great Views, Hotel not overly crowded, Good Buffets, No hassle Shuttle service to the strip.Negatives: No food court at this hotel. Pool areas leave a lot to be desired. Not kept that clean. Pool staff pushing the new &quot;Saphire topless pool&quot; for a $20 entrance fee. Lots of floating trash and bandaids all over the pool area. No pool maintenance employees out there at all.Overall: If your trip to LV is to relax and spend time by the pool choose another hotel. If you are not visiting for the pool this is a good value if you are getting a discounted rate.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great for a work conference but maybe not leisure	I stayed at the Rio all-suite hotel &amp; casino May 20-23 for a work conference. First my disclaimer: I would not choose Vegas as a vacation destination on my own time because I don’t gamble at all and am not interested in sitting indoors watching shows. With that, overall the Rio was one of the nicest conference hotels I have stayed at. My conf room rate was $179/night ($195.11 w/all fees/taxes). My room was on the 4th floor of the Masquerade tower with a “mountain view”. Well being on the 4th floor, I had a slight view of the mountains but a much better view of the heating/cooling equipment mounted on top of the 3rd floor. That was fine with me since I did not get my room for the view; I’m sure higher floors had a much better view. The room was clean and well maintained except for cobwebs on the ceiling behind the curtains; I guess they think guests would never look behind the curtains. I requested a non-smoking room but because they don’t guarantee that request, I was given a smoking room. Luckily I am not overly sensitive to smoke because it definitely smelt like smoke. On the 2nd day I noticed vents could be opened below the windows to allow outside air in and that helped rid the room of the smell. The room/suite was plenty big for up to 4 people; mine had a king bed with an L shaped couch and coffee table along with a desk and chair. The TV was a good size and worked just fine though the channel selection was lacking; no Comedy Central, Food Network, Animal Planet, etc. The refrigerator was plenty big, a wee bit bigger than dorm size, and worked just fine; no microwave. The bathroom and sitting area with sink were also a good size. The shower water pressure and temperature were top notch. The closet and dresser space was adequate for two people but more than that would have been cramped. The bed and linens were comfortable and I slept without any problems. Housekeeping did an excellent job every day of cleaning the room thoroughly and promptly. The heat/cool unit was top notch; it worked very quickly &amp; quietly to heat/cool the room; very nice! Plus the room itself was very sound proof. Although I saw neighbors come and go from adjacent rooms, I never heard them or anyone else, ever. Excellent!The hotel is a complex itself with lots of opportunities for gambling and eating. The pool area is excellent though it was closed one day of my stay because of “high winds”. The conference accommodations were acceptable but it was a 10 min walk from my room to the session rooms so those with mobility issues might have a problem with this. One night I ate at the All American Bar &amp; Grill; see my review there for details. The free Masquerade Show in the Sky was back but I did not get a chance to check it out. Again, I don’t gamble so cannot tell you about that aspect though there were lots of opportunities for it everywhere. I am giving the Rio 4 stars and not 5 for a number of reasons. First, the staff overall were not that friendly. Again, housekeeping was excellent as was one gal at the front desk. But the concierge, another front desk person and the conf hotel staff were not. Second is its location. It is off the strip on the “other side” of the interstate and because of the location/neighborhood, you can NOT walk to the strip. In fact, when I asked the concierge if I could walk in the area outside the hotel, she just replied, “Don’t!” The Rio does offer multiple free shuttles to their “sister” hotels on the strip but they fill up fast so you may have to wait for more than one and they only run until 1am. Yes, you can take a cab but they are expensive. Finally, I don’t think it is a good value. Yes the hotel and my room were top notch but I don’t think worth just under $200/night. I think you can find a better value closer to the strip.So all in all if another work conference was located at this hotel, I would most definitely stay here again. But on the very off chance I would visit Vegas on vacation, I would not stay here; I would choose something on or walkable to the strip and less expensive. See my review of the Tuscany Suites &amp; Casino for a better option on vacation.	
Jun 4 2008 	great room for the cost	My wife and I stayed at the Rio after deciding to extend our Vegas stay an extra night (we were already staying at the Venetian). We booked online (sight unseen through Hotwire); as it was getting close to NYE, prices were crazy at most of the hotels that night. We made the booking and arrived there close to noon. The front staff was both quick and courteous. They were able to get us a clean room that offered a great view. The price was really right (less than $100) on a Friday night and our room was well appointed. There was a crazy window between the shower/bath and the sleeping area (so I guess it was more of a romantic room). We didn't eat in the hotel (non of it was anything we felt like having and we didn;t want a buffet). We would stay there, again, and would reccomend it.	
Jun 2 2008 	GREAT Suite Hotel!!	We stayed at the Rio for 8 nights in July. When we first checked in we were given a standard room (all rooms are suites). It was somewhat old in appearance and the bed was terribly uncomfortable. We went to the front desk and asked to have our room switched and commented that the online pictures on the hotels website show newly remodled room. We were told that some of the towers had been remodled and some have not been. MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR A NEWLY RENOVATED ROOM!! They switched our room and it was FANTASTIC! Extremely well designed, very comfortable bed, everything was perfect. The Village Bar on the main casino level next to the seafood buffet was AWESOME! They have the best flare bartenders we saw in all of Vegas. They were super friendly and between the bartender shows and the Masquerade in the Sky show you could be entertained all night. We also loved the seafood buffet - that is a must if you like seafood. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a family with children because the shows are somewhat risque for kids but for adults they are very entertaining. It is a great off-strip hotel and the shuttles did seem to run very much on schedule and you never had to wait an excessive amount of time. When you do have to wait for the shuttle at Harrah's the waiting area is inside the parking garage where there are a ton of tour buses and cars - it gets very hot and the exhaust smell can get to you - I would reccomend taking the shuttle to any of the other hotels and walking instead of waiting for that one. All in all I do not think you would be dissapointed!!!!	
Jun 1 2008 	OK for the right price; do not stay here on weekends!	My husband and I (age 50) stayed at the Rio for 4 nights beginning 27 May 2008. We go to Vegas once a year and normally stay at the Paris but decided to try the Rio because we found a terrific price that included hotel+airfare. I would recommend the Rio IF you are get a good price on the room and if you stay there during the week. Consider this a budget, all suite hotel and pay accordingly. The Rio is located a short distance off the strip but there is a free shuttle bus that runs every 15 minutes to the group's other hotels, which are located directly on the Strip. If you want to take a taxi, an example of cost is Rio to Tropicana $13 each way. HOTEL NOTES: *Check in/out was quick and front desk staff friendly and helpful. *Our room was located in the Masquerade Tower with a nice view of the desert. Some of our friends stayed in the other Tower and had a problem getting their hot water to work. I see from other reviews that this is a problem at the Rio. *Rooms in the Rio are large and comfortable. Our room, like most, had an L shaped sofa, large king bed and a small table. There is a large dressing area with a refrigerator. The bathroom is small but adequate. Rio is skimpy on toiletries and towels! Bring your own shower cap and conditioner! *Carnival world buffet has good quality food, service is attentive and price is reasonable during weekdays. The Seafood buffet is good but you will find a lot of the items that are in the more expensive Seafood buffet (shrimp, King crab legs, etc.) at the less expensive Carnival world buffet. *If you like wine or are looking for a quiet place to relax, the Wine Cellar and Bar is wonderful and classy. Over 100 wines by the glass, as well as a good selection of reasonably priced to expensive/rare wines by the bottle. Jose, the wine steward, is knowledgeable and very friendly! Be sure to ask for him. The menu also has a delicious selection of cheeses. CONS: *Music selection at the pool is awful and LOUD; one minute Led Zepplin would be playing and then a RAP tune and then Heavy Metal. The Pool waitress told us that they use an IPOD shuffle for the music and she often had complains from people about the music selection. *no in-room coffee maker *no wireless Internet in standard rooms. AND we had problems with the wired Internet and had to call &quot;tech&quot; support 3 times for assistance. Very annoying and time consuming. Cost for 24 hours: $9.95.Also, only one person at a time can use the Internet AND each person in the room must pay to use the Internet. The $9.95 charge is per computer, not per room. *Hotel cleanliness needs improvement. Example: There were pretzel crumbs under the sofa in our room. Carpet in the lobby area was often dirty and needed to be vacuumed. It was obvious that management of the Rio is neglecting maintenance/upkeep; perhaps due to the slow down in tourism or perhaps they are diverting funds to their more expensive hotels: Caesar's Palace and the Paris. Important note: On the weekends, the hotel now appears to be geared towards young, working class people in their 20's, early 30's. Come Friday night, the Rio becomes packed with groups of young people, ready to PARTY! From the topless pool, to the Chippendale revue to the Voodoo lounge with scantily clad women dancing on tables, the hotel has plenty of attractions for young men and women! Example: On the weekends, one of the 4 pools is enclosed in screens and for a &quot;small&quot; admission fee, one can enter and sunbath topless. Personally, topless or nude sunbathing doesn't bother me but the way the hotel promotes it is tacky and cheap. General VEGAS note: If you have the flexibility to go to Vegas during the week, you will save a lot of money as hotel rooms, spa treatments, restaurants, exhibitions, shows, etc. are much cheaper during the week. For example, in the Rio: during the week, the breakfast buffet was $14.95 but on Saturday morning, the SAME exact buffet was priced at $23.99!	
Jun 1 2008 	Great value for Europeans	Been there in 2006. during bussines trip in Vegas. First, I must say that amount of luxury you get here for your money, for all Europeans must be unbelievable. For 190$/night at Rio, I've had suite of about 100 square meters, with two baths, one huge living room with kitchenete, office desk, eating table, huge plasma TV, bedroom with jacuzzi in in it, also with huge plasma TV, and en suite bath also had smaller plasma TV. Mini bar was most versatile I've ever found in some hotel, and prices of things inside (as the room service menu too), were very,very cheap for european standards. For example, during my visit to Berlin last year, I've payed about 140 Eur (okay,with breakfast), in 4 star hotel with 20 square meters room, with bathroom you can hardly turn around in. And all this in Rio was about 120 Eur!! Speaking about staff and all other things usually conected with hotel reviews, well it's not important in Vegas hotels. They are all huge, you don't get so much in touch with staff, they will clean your room every day, they will bring you your room service order, they will give you all informations at the desk. That's it, and what else do you need in Vegas. Hotel location is a bit off the Strip (main street in Vegas), but then again, not far neither. Abot 20 minutes walk, or 5-10 min by taxi. Place you must visit if you staying here is a open sky club, called Voodoo Lounge on the hotel roof (54 floor), with a great view on Vegas at night.At the end, I may understand our fellow Americans and some remarks they may have for this hotel, but they are probably a bit spoiled. :) If they come in Western Europe, and see what kind of room and service they can get in center of Berlin, Paris or Rome for 190$ (120 Euros/night), they can have unpleasant surprise. They can have decent hotel, but something like this for sure not. Not even close. So, my point is, considering prices and values, this is great choice for everyone traveling from Europe to Vegas.	
May 28 2008 	Be Careful	The rooms are old and worn out. We came back from a day out on the strip to a toilet backed up with crap. It was empty when we left. Went to the front desk and they changed our room. No apology or anything. Oh, did I mention I am a platinum rewards member. Maybe you will have better luck if you are a diamond. The rooms were not cleaned very well. I was also charged 6 extra times at their buffet. I would complain to the hotel but really there is nothing they could do to get me to go back.	
May 28 2008 	Left in the dark at the Rio	I stayed at the Rio for a tradeshow that we were having at the hotel. At a glance the room looked nice, but for the price, a coffee maker in the room would be nice. I also realized that my TV was going from black and white to color, which was just slightly annoying, but not a big deal in my book. The reason this made this hotel one of my worst stays is, on the third night, the power went out at 2am. I was in my room watching TV and it took me a minute to realize that the power was out. I just don't expect something like that to happen. I called the front desk and they were very nonchalant about it, telling me it would be fixed in an hour. I am not a person to easily scare, but it was an hour that I was really scared, which is unacceptable to me when I am suppose to be safely in my room, watching TV, and getting some sleep before the tradeshow the next day. The part that really ticked me off is the next day when I found out that it was a planned power outage for some renovations they were working on. Why would a hotel like that not leave a note in each room notifying the guest, so it wasn't so surprising? I bet their slot machines were not shut down for that hour. GRRR. Then, when I checked out, I complained at the front desk about it, and the guy told me that I should go to the Harrah's website and complain and maybe they would send me a check back...I doubt that will happen very much. Why didn't he do something right then to make it right? I did try the website, but funny, there was no section to make a complaint or comment. I thought they handled the whole thing very unprofessionally and they didn't even attempt to make it right when I did complain. I can't explain why I was so scared that night for that hour, but if I knew it was planned, it wouldn't have been so scary to me. I have never been so scared while I was in my room in any of my travels.	
May 20 2008 	Overpriced Service People Insulting Incompetent	Rooms were bare minimum for a hotel; clean, but with no extras. Sundries (toothpaste, conditioner) were available at a premium price in the shops. Only one restaurant option for breakfast (food was okay). The worst was the taxi assistant on Sunday, May 18 at approximately 10:00 p.m. Long line waiting for a cab, and this man took his time doing his job, leaving people to wait while he did little dances in the street, etc. When confronted about his lack of efficiency, he responded by saying &quot;If you disrespect me, I will work even slower.&quot; He then proceeded to use derogatory sexist statements. Shame on Rio for employing such a person.	
May 19 2008 	3 Nights in Rio	I stayed at the Rio Hotel &amp; Casino May 14-17, 2008 in Room 29004. The check in was simple and fast and the elevators are pretty fast and frequent too. The room was bigger than average with two twin beds and a full couch for another person to sleep on. Bathroom has 2 vanities and a refridgerator. There is a safe in the closet too. The floor to ceiling windows are really nice for a view of the strip, the Palms or the desert mountains depending on your room. We ate at the seafood buffet and it is excellent. Get the blackberry/chocolate gellato, YUM! We saw Penn &amp; Teller which was very entertaining as well.The only bad thing about the Rio is the location. You are not really in walking distance of anything except the Gold Coast next door. The strip looks close but trust me, it's not. For low-roller gamblers, this is not the place to play. Tables were $10-$15 minimum even on Wednesday afternoon. You also have to watch out for the &quot;working girls&quot; roaming the casino. Overall, this is a great place to stay, eat and watch the people. I would stay here again but make sure you have a rental car.	
May 14 2008 	3.5 Star Hotel	I'm showing my age, but i hadn't stayed at the Rio for over 10 years ago. They have done a reasonably nice job updating the decor of the suites and mine was fairly clean. It seems that they are a bit conflicted--it seems that they are taking the &quot;budget all suite hotel&quot; approach. It is odd that a suite hotel skimps on things like shampoo (e.g. no separate conditioner, no body wash..etc.)--felt like i was in a Days Inn. The service at the front desk and operator were excellent--the service at the restaurants was pretty bad. As far as Vegas &quot;excitement&quot;, Rio is currently &quot;out&quot;. The Palms and some others are in. If you are looking for a wild and crazy Casino environment, the Rio probably doesn't have it. If you are looking for a more sane place to camp out, pool it or gamble, it is a good choice. It is walking distance to the Palms if you are looking for the hip crowd.Overall, I would stay here again with a group--the room prices are great and gambling was sane.	
May 13 2008 	Fun Get Away	We stayed at the Rio in April. It was a great time! We had four adults in our room and it was large enough to accomidate us! The casino was fun. The black jack dealers are personable! Service was exceptional - from check in to when we checked out. Lots of places to eat - and the food was great. the pool was great too. I loved the location - just off the strip by the Palm's. I will definalty be statying here again!	
May 10 2008 	Very pleasant off-strip hotel	We decided to stay in the Rio for a change of pace. We are in Vegas at least four times per year and like to try different hotels each time if possible. The Rio is a very nice hotel, well maintained but not the best or worst of Vegas. The value for money is outstanding. The rooms are very large suites with excellent bathrooms. The showers have a glass window looking into the bedroom which is either sexy or disconcerting depending on your perspective (the latter for me). The bed was comfortable, the water pressure excellent, the view okay (over the suburbs of Vegas), service very good. In-room internet access was about the same as most Vegas hotels - $12 for 24 hours or something close. The rooms were a little noisy, we could hear people in the halls almost all the time but there is no street noise.The hotel doesn't have the best restaurants in the city but the seafood buffet is good despite being pricey. RUB BBQ restaurant was awful. If you are planning on being at a convention at the Rio this hotel is a perfect choice. If you're doing the tourist thing the distance from the strip may be annoying. It isn't a comfortable walking distance as the hotel is on the opposite side of the freeway. Cab fare is about $10 - $11 to get to the closer end of the strip (Treasure Island, Venetian, Wynn, Mirage, Paris hotels).All in all, pretty good but not my favorite. With all the other choices available I probably wont stay at the Rio again unless we're attending a convention there.	
May 6 2008 	Loved the Rio!	Rio was great!I stayed in the Masquerade TowerThe rooms were Great! Clean, big and updated, even had a L shaped Sofa in the room.Pool area was really nice, bigSeafood buffet was amazing.Buzio's seafood, EXCELLENT!!	
Apr 21 2008 	Great hotel no complaints	After reading reviews on here from the moment i'd booked LA and vegas at the end of 2007 - not many were great to be honest. Always a worry but I do wonder how fussy people actually are and would go with an open mind.I'm really not sure if it was the same hotel the others had been to, to be honest. Our stay at the Rio was excellent. The room and maid service was excellent. The free shuttle to the strip we never had to wait more than 10 mins either at the Rio or the strip which certainly saved a lot in taxis.Check in was seamless although as we had arrived early due to a sunrise drive from LA we had to wait a couple of hours for the room but the bellmen were great in holding our luggage and we could explore the hotel.Unfortunately the Masquerade in the sky show wasn't running during our stay and wasn't starting again until May which was slightly annoying but having seen O at the Bellagio i don't think anything would compare!The pool was great with free refills on soda at the pool bar - although the pool was shut due to strong winds on two days out of our week stay which was annoying considering the second of those days really wasn't that windy and the day they reopened it, it was even windier than the days it was shut!Room service very reasonable and can save on the per person charge of $2.50 by saying it 's for less people.Overall, a great stay off the strip and would recommend to anyone going to vegas as I think the standards are a lot higher than some equalled status hotels on the strip. Certainly closer to the strip than Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excalibur and definitely Stratosphere.Concierge excellent in booking any tour or giving free VIP nightclub passes - you don't ask you don't get!!	
Apr 14 2008	Very Unsanitary	During a recent stay at Rio in Las Vegas, I began to wonder about the cleanliness of the rooms. After watching a Fox News hidden camera report several months back about hotel house keeping staff in numerous national hotels violating health code standards by hand washing guest room drinking glasses in the bathroom sinks with dirty towels, I thought I would put Rio to the test. After marking two used drinking glasses in my room with ink, I left them on the counter to be replaced by the house keeping staff. Later, after the room had purportedly been cleaned, the same glasses were placed back on the shelf, with the ink marks still clearly visible. It was apparent to me they had not been sanitized according to the hotel's stated sanitizing procedures. Could this mean that when a guest checks out, this same method of glass cleaning (a violation of the hotel's stated standard operating procedures) occurs while preparing the room for the next guest? When I brought it to the attention of one of the managers, he stated how embarrassed he was and made assurances it would not happen again. He then appeared to attempt to rationalize the unsanitary conditions by stating that I would likely find the same glass washing practices at other hotels on the Las Vegas strip, albeit a health code violation. He said he could not possibly monitor the cleaning methods of &quot;all 500&quot; of his house keeping staff. He further stated that there were some problems with the house keeping training program that probably needed to be reviewed. I filed a complaint with the local health department which, within days, conducted in an inspection at Rio. According to the inspector who conducted the inspection, not removing dirty drinking glasses from a room and replacing them with properly sanitized glasses is a health code violation. She went on to say that she has “concerns with the glass handling process” at Rio and that those concerns “will be addressed” by the health department. Other cleanliness issues in my room included a &quot;clean&quot; hand towel placed in my room that had a large black apparent grease stain on it; a clogged shower drain and hair (not my own) found in the purportedly newly changed bed sheets. Based upon my experience and the concerns of the health department inspector, guests should be aware of sanitary issues at Rio.	
Apr 13 2008 	Great Place Great Value!	If below $200 it's a deal! Location isn't bad but not great.	
Apr 8 2008	Beds are Awful	We ended up with two queen beds. Both were incredibly hard and full of springs that poked you in the ribs and spine all night. We were also lucky enough to have honeymooners next door where we learned that the walls were thin enough that they sounded like they might as well be in bed with us.Room size is sufficient, bathroom was lit ok. No smell of smoke wich is always a concern of mine in a non smoking hotel room in vegas.	
Apr 2 2008	Rio Hotel	Nice rooms (I stayed in the newly renovated tower) and i like the casino floor layout. The restaurants were good, meeting space reasonable to access.	
Apr 2 2008 	Was okay	Stayed at rio from thurs to sunday. had 3 suites. one of them was damp and smelly with the carpets damp. This means that the carpet was just shampooed probably because someone threw up in there (the smell). Also room was late too (they were busy cleaning the puke).second and third suite was normal.The normal suites were okay, carpets were dirty and everything was old and looked worn but they had clean disposable cups, fridge in the room, 2 sinks, soap and bottle of mouthwash and shampoo. Beds were okay, a bit small for 2 people to share per bed. Needed extra towels, first time they came quickly.second time they never showed, so i just went out to the hallway and grabbed from the carts in the hallway myself or the closets.All of them have that stupid window in the shower stall to the beds.Later on, upgraded one of the rooms to a suite ( a real suite and not a minisuite, aka, large room). The suite was much better obviously. Not as great as a Trump suite or as bright/clean/new looking as the mohegan sun suite but big and with a fridge, sink, big bathroom, a second bathroom, etc etc. very nice overall.Casino was nice. they have shows and performances (dancers) throughout the day, color and size and space was agreeable.carnival buffet line was very slow moving especially when not crowded inside at all. I felt bad for the people who had to wait in line (we were platinum card holders so we went right in, sat down and ate). I loved the buffet, lots of choices, and though not as laid out with labels and fresh looking as The Bellagio buffet, in my personal honesty, i think the Rio Buffet is better than the buffet at the bellagio (which i've had several times). BUT dont get me wrong, both buffet's are fantastic overall.Played only on the tables, no slots, and the dealers were cool and funny. People always came around to see if we wanted drinks.Overall it wasnt bad at all and didnt hurt my trip any. so i had a fantastic time.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great rooms and casino! Would stay here again!	My two friends and I had a girl's getaway here. The room was spacious, clean and the three of us with three big suitcases had plenty of room. Bathroom and dressing area were big enough for all three of us to get ready without bumping into each other. We stayed in the upgraded Ipanema tower which was excellent. The beds were some of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in. The room also came with a fridge, which you don't get in any other hotels.The casino was a blast. The Italian Restaurant was EXCELLENT. The Oriental restauarant was excellent as well. The only thing that we didn't like was no pool side service. There were only three pool waitresses to accomodate hundreds of people. We waited at the pool bar for ten minutes before deciding to leave. The main pool bar had only two bartenders. Terrible service for a big Vegas resort!!We had some spa treatments done as well, and the facilities were nothing like Caesar's Palace's Qua Spa, but sufficient.We would stay here again. I booked through my Harrah's Total Rewards Card and received a really low weekend rate. I was more than pleased with the suite.	
Mar 31 2008	extremely disappointed	I made reservations using my husband's credit card and they would not let me check in until he was notified and had to call the hotel and say I was authorized to use his card. Our room was dirty and the beds were not made. After long negotiations we were finally changed to a clean room. The rooms were shabby and had an unpleasant odor. The beds were hard and the sheets were quite rough. We only stayed there to sleep. Service was unfriendly and the hotel was dated and dreary. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 22 2008 	World's Loudest Toilets	We stayed for free due to a casino promotion. Similar in quality to the Flamingo, about average hotel and the casino is noisy and crowded. Room in the Ipanema Towers was not a suite, just one really large room. Plenty of room for 4-6 people if you use roll aways or the pull out sofabed. Rooms are not quiet, you can hear people talking in the adjoining rooms. The toilets are seemingly jet-powered, they are so noisy you jump each time you flush. Plus you can hear everyone else above, below and beside your room flushing, which is annoying when trying to sleep. Ok for families and easy to get to, garages are close to the hotel. Good food in the enormous buffet, seems high in price but amazing selection even at breakfast. Sao Paulo cafe was a good place to eat just off the casino, away from all the noise. Everyone should see the Carnival in the Sky attraction, we have every visit to Vegas. Would probably not stay here again due to the noisy toilets, and it being away from the strip since we usually get free or reduced cost rooms. Ok if you don't have any room discounts, though.	
Mar 14 2008 	Another week at the Rio	I've stayed here many times and continue to enjoy the spaciousness of the rooms. To be fair, the casino isn't much and I've become immune to the enticements of the restaurants. But, I love the rooms. It doesn't take much to get anywhere in town, so I still find this to my liking.	
Mar 12 2008 	We expected better	When a property has all these amenities and AAA only gives the property (3) Diamonds, it usually means poor service, dirty, and/or poorly maintained. At the Rio, the problem is service, or lack of service and so-so maintenance. It was clean, though.We were here for a conference and chose this over the Gold Coast next door because we wanted to treat ourselves. However, all we did was spent more money. Our associates who stayed at the Gold Coast were happier than we were.Long line at check-in (very long) - did nobody tell the Front Desk that they were full and needed more staff? Security - my wife had someone enter the room and leave. She called Security but THEY DID NOT COME TO THE ROOM! TWO HOURS LATER I had to threaten to call the police. Actually, I had to call the police to get them to dispatch Security.Smoke - OK, so people can smoke in Casinos. But a decent ventilation system could keep the air fresher. And we could smell stale smoke in the bathroom of our non-smoking room.On the plus, Self Parking was free, convenient and easy to get in and out. (OK - I have this thing. Don't charge me for parking if I'm paying for a room.)Breakfast buffet was wonderful. But $16.95? Why? That's more than at Mandalay Bay.And this property is no Mandalay Bay.  If you want a very nice property, go elsewhere. If you want value, go elsewhere. If you expect service, go elsewhere. If good enough is good enough for you, this is the place.	
Mar 11 2008	Pleasant Surprise	i was in town for 2 days for a conference and they upgraded me to their largest suite (even though I booked on Hotels.com and saved a bundle) I loved my room... who wouldn't it was huge with gorgeous floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the strip. I did notice that the rugs and furniture are a little dated and soiled and I imagine that the standard rooms are probably not as impressive-- especially if they need to be updated as well. The staff were very friendly from the front desk to the housekeeping - warm smiles and great service. I was really pleasantly surprised	
Mar 4 2008 	Better in 2007.	After staying there in 2007 we decided to book again for a few days for our vacation in 2008. The room was very spacious but had ashtrays and smelled of stale smoke. We inquired if it was a smoking room as we had booked non-smoking and were told it was a non smoking room. I have stayed in worse smelling rooms but why the ashtrays? It seemed to be a little run down compared to 2008. The bed was the usual hotel bed, nothing special with regular hotel pillows. The couch seemed to have a little bit of wear on it also. The room was clean and the maids were very efficient at making up the room each day. It is nice to have a small fridge for water, but like most hotels in Las Vegas it does not have a coffee maker in the room. I probably will stay there again but was a little disappointed after staying there a year ago.	
Feb 29 2008 	Nice large rooms average casino below-average location	I stayed at the Rio in February 2008 to attend a mid-week business conference at the hotel. I have been to Vegas on at least 20 occasions stretching back to my early childhood, so I've had plenty of experience with visiting and staying in the tourist areas --this was my first visit for business so I opted to stay at the conference hotel for simplicity's sake (and the discount). The title says it all: I was in the Masquerade Tower and the room was surprisingly large, even for a suite. Looking at the floor plan on the fire-escape chart shows all the rooms were of similar size. The furnishings were functional, though nothing exceptional. There was the feature of a small window at face-level between the shower and the bedroom (you would easily be able to watch tv from the shower). There were two sinks (in in the bathroom and one immediately outside) and the overall room was good for a business traveler. They charge for internet access, as a business traveler I used it but I think the idea is still silly. I requested non-smoking, but by 5pm they had only smoking rooms and offered to move me in the morning (which, from other reviews, appears to be the norm --I guess they should make more non-smoking rooms!). The smell in my room wasn't bad, though I noticed it more in the morning. Like many of the resorts in Vegas, the elevators are tucked away from the front desk so you can walk through the sounds, lights and (hopefully for them) allure of gambling. Since it opened, the Rio has featured a very large buffet --hearkening back to when Vegas was known far more for its buffets; thankfully, those days are finally passing us. As far as normal restaurants, I recommend Gaylord Indian Restaurant, which is part of a famous international chain of fine Indian restaurants --it is part of the more recent trend of world famous restaurants and chefs opening locations in Sin City (which I wholeheartedly approve of). There were two Starbucks Coffees, one large one within close range of the conference facilities. They also have a roof-top bar with patio that offers a spectacular view of the city, and that's about it...The casino itself has a few free shows, the highlight is an elaborate dance number in the Masquerade Tower lobby where people start on a stage and are joined by several massive floats suspended by the ceiling and moving around on a track. By itself, its impressive, but on the Las Vegas-scale it amounts to a decent effort. The good thing about being off the strip is that any room facing the strip is usually going to have a good view --and that was the case here. Despite being only on the fourth floor, the view was pleasant --mostly of Caeser's, Bellagio and the upcoming CityCenter mega-complex (one of the few times where &quot;mega&quot; isn't an hyperbole). Because the Rio abuts the freeway, the views are safe for the long run. With that said, the worst aspect of the Rio is the location. Being off-strip might be great if you're focused on simply gambling (and in that case there are several better options), but if you're interested in seeing the city (for the first time or on the 20-something time like me), it is a bit of a hassle. Since day one, the Rio has had a regular shuttle to the strip to mitigate the annoyance; now that its a part of the Harrah's empire, the shuttles have expanded to take guests to several properties, including Harrah's and Caeser's Palace (the service ends relatively early for a city that never sleeps). If you're a tourist, this may not be the greatest option if you can find better prices on the strip. Many Las Vegas hotels have one cardinal issue: there's no free shuttle to the airport. I don't know what politics are involved, but its a glaring issue in light of their other guest-friendly hospitality (free shuttles, free valet, etc). The Rio is at least more convenient to McCarran International: my cab rides (with tip) were $25 there and $18 back. The funny thing about Vegas hotels is if you plopped any one of them into a city, they'd be spectacular --including this complex which, in Vegas, is about average.Would I stay here again? Only for a conference.	
Feb 23 2008 	Ok Stay Overall	We arrived late on a Saturday night and all that was available were smoking rooms, even though we had requested non-smoking when we reserved. However, the smoking room was ok (and I hate smoke especially smoking room in a hotel). The next day they moved us to a non-smoking and it had no smell at all. However, the rooms were not spotless. The rooms are large but in need of refurbishing. The lightswitches were dirty (first place to check for cleanliness of a hotel), dust on the kleenex box cover (second place) and a hair in the bathtub (third place)....and the nozzle in the shower was slightly broken which sprayed water all over....However, the beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept on in a hotel....and the staff were very friendly.There are 2 towers at the Rio, we were in the older one - the Ipanema, the newer one is called the Masqerade tower. Remodeling on the 9, 10, and 11th floors were happening as we were there. Hope the rooms get a face lift as this is a great spot otherwise.Free shuttles to the other Harrah properties - Caesers, Bally's and the Paris	
Feb 17 2008 	Go elsewhere or bring lots of money	If you want to see the difference between a business that earns your money, and one that takes advantage of the popularity of the area to squeeze money out of you, stay at a classy, service-oriented destination like the Bellagio, and then stay at the Rio, If you are looking for a Las Vegas Casino to make your home-base for a fun Vegas vacation, please think twice about the Rio. The attitude here is obviously NOT focused on showing you a good time. Examples:Do not believe the brochures or online pictures. - The pools were all closed but one, and it was filthy. - All the poolside services were also closed. No drinks by the pool, no ordering lunch by the pool...none of the fun you see in the brochure- The exercise facilities cost $22/day. And if you express any opinion about this charge while in the Spa (where they take your fitness money and 'buzz you in&quot; ) the service staff will defend the charge with an attitude, openly, in front of the obviously too-wealthy-to-care patrons, getting their $180 facial- The in-room safe did not work and &quot;the tool we need to fix it is broken and will not be here for sevral days&quot; It obviously did not come back within the 6 days we were there.- The in room conveniance bar was broken and could not be fixed after 4 phone calls over 4 days- The room door lock battery died... think about this a minute- only 1 ice machine on 10 floors was in working order- Check in staff do not really guarantee non-smoking rooms. When checking in at 7:00pm we were told that only smoking rooms are available AND (quote) &quot;you should have checked-in earlier&quot; for a non-smoking.I think this last quote, direct from the customer service staff says it all; The Rio customer service culture is focused entirely on getting your money in the door and in their pocket, NOT on earning your return visit.Not a classy, memorable, fun-oriented atmosphere, directly related to the customer service attitude, a management responsibility that is nearly impossible to change.	
Feb 5 2008 	love it	I love this place, The only thing i didn't know that a 100.00 a day would be charged to your credit card as a hold and would be refunded back. I stayed at treasure Island, Sahara and rio I love the rio the best. Lively casino, free shuttle to the strip.	
Feb 5 2008 	Nice enough stay	Stayed here for 4 nights as a combined business/pleasure trip. My non-smoking room smelled faintly of cigarettes. However, the room was clean and comfortable and I loved the space and the view (I had a view of the Strip). Also liked having a fridge in the room so I could keep cold drinks from the grocery store instead of paying the ridiculous prices they charged for soft drinks on the property. Food prices seemed a bit high compared to the casinos on the strip. $17 for fast food Chinese??I had to pay $10/day for internet access and it wasn't even wireless. The equipment for the internet access was awkwardly placed with the modem literally hanging from the table....the plastic piece that keep the cable in the port on the computer was broken so the weight of the hanging modem kept pulling the cable out of my laptop. My last morning there, I strangely enough had hot water issues. I ran the water in the shower literally for at least 5 minutes before it become warm enough to shower. Parking was plentiful and I often found a space in the lot directly beside the hotel. I also like that they have frequent shuttles to each of their other properties on the strip. My first two days I actually had a Hertz rental car that I had picked up at the airport but returned to the Rio (Hertz has a rental desk inside the casino)....however, the return location at the property isn't marked. I drove around the property for 20 minutes and finally asked a valet, but he didn't know where it was either. I finally parked and went in the casino and asked at the front desk. The only marking was the Hertz sign on the actual spaces in one of the parking garages....but no signage pointing you to that garage and no signage pointing you to the spaces once in the garage.	
Feb 4 2008 	The rooms are great!	The rooms at the Rio are great and they provide shuttle service to other Harrah's properties on the strip. That said, the prices at their restaurants are out of hand. The least expensive food I could find was evening was basically fast food chinese and it cost me over $14. Their spa is high priced as well. The rooms like I said are the best part of it. The show they put on &quot;above&quot; the casino is nice. My husband attended a conference there and the conference food was outstanding according to him. Like I said, some of their prices are a little above what they should be in my opinion, I mean they're not the Bellagio or even The Mirage for that matter.	
Feb 2 2008 	Just average - clean comfortable but nothing special	Stayed here for a convention last week -- 3 nights, 4 days. My room was in tha Masquerade tower, which is not especially convenient to get to. It's a LONG walk from check in to the elevators, on a narrow tiled walkway through the casino. People are bumping into you as you struggle with your luggage. The room itself was utilitarian -- clean except for the disgustingly stained sofa in the room. (I've noticed many people have mentioned this) It looks like there was some sort of bachelor party shenanigans going on with the couch, if you get my drift. The bathroom was very clean, which is a big sticking point for me. The one weird aspect of the bathroom was the window in the shower out to the main part of the room. I'm not sure what the purpose of this was -- am I supposed to be looking out the window out the windows or watching something going on in the bedroom, or what? (See photo) At any rate, it kept me from having the bathroom light on at night to make the trip to the bathroom safe (ambient light) and I've been sporting a large bruise on my arm ever since. Overall, after touring several other hotels (Wynn, Bellagio, Mirage) I would say that the Rio is more of a clean budget property. It certainly doesn't feel upscale like the Bellagio or the Wynn or hip like the Mirage. It did feel on par with Treasure Island...if that gives you a comparison. I guess I would stay here again if I couldn't afford something more upscale.	
Jan 25 2008 	Good Fun!!	We have stayed at the Rio several times and always enjoy it. Although it is off the strip it has a great view just ask to stay on a higher floor with a view of the strip! They have a mardi gras type atmosphere and shows every couple of hours over the casino floor. The rooms are clean, and large, with a big oversize sectional couch that is great for hanging out. Although, the resturants are pricey, the whole experience is fun. Use the rewards card and gamble there and they will offer free nights in the future. We only spent a few hundred on the slots and have stayed free on selected nights since then. Well worth the consideration.	
Jan 24 2008 	First trip to Vegas at the RIO was OKAY....	It has been a while since I took my first trip to Vegas, however I wanted to share my experiences with Trip Advisor, since I have enjoyed reading the other reviews for future trips. I trust this will be beneficial. First of all, Vegas is simply incredible. The sheer size of the buildings is overwhelming. Hence, all the talk about all the walking people do. HINT: wear tennis shoes. Check-in was easy, since my friend that invited me is a Diamond Member. We waited approximately 15 minutes on a Saturday night @ midnight. The other lines appeared to be the same. We got a standard room in the Masquerade Tower with a great view of the strip and The Palms, which is what they call a suite, which is a really large room with sofa w/ chaise lounge, a table and two chairs, coffee table, large 32&quot; TV and large bathroom. There is a dressing area outside the bathroom with its own sink, which I really liked. The room appears to be a bit tired and run down. This is especially evident in all the stains in the sofa, carpet, etc. Casino - is very nice and offers all the games and lots of them. I enjoy playing craps. I'm not used to playing $25 minimums, but it is Vegas. I only noticed at 4AM a $10 table and once it filled up they changed it to a $25 table. They have great crews, who are helpful and the drink service was mostly good. Only a couple of times I waited 30 minutes to 1 hour without seeing one. One should obtain a Total Rewards card, because they will send you comps and coupons.Golf - We played Bear's Best Golf Club, which is only about a 15-20 minute cab ride and it was unbelievable. Great conditions, wonderful Forecaddie, and beautiful scenery. This is a must play. We wanted to play Rio Secco, but it was closed for their overseeding. Restaurants - The carnival buffet is pretty good for breakfast and I really liked the restaurant next to the sports bar...they had a great burger. The Voodoo Restaurant is pricey, but good. The beef filet is okay at best, but the shrimp was some of the best I've ever had. After dinner, be sure to go outside to the Voodoo lounge and take some pics of the BEST VIEW of the STRIP...period. If your younger than me, 35, than this may be worth paying the cover to party. The scene is definately a younger crowd ~ 20's, than me. Pool - is really nice with attractive cocktail servers, who were rather slow, but they were also very busy. Drinks are very expensive. The water was FREEZING. I couldn't stand it. It is 105 degrees and it was ICE COLD. Several people were in the pool, but I couldn't stand it. Hip-hop type mix music was unique including rock and alternative rock songs that were transformed into dance mix/house music. FUNKY!All in all - I would recommend the RIO Hotel and Casino for a Guys or Girls trip, who are in their 20's, and may be on a budget. As for being off strip, The Rio is only separated from Caesar's Palace by the Interstate, which is the heart of the strip. A free shuttle takes you to where you want to go. We never waited longer than 5 minutes for a shuttle. I would go back, but I want to experience the other properties before I do.	
Jan 23 2008 	Not bad Not Great	I live in Las Vegas and my employer had its annual Christmas Party at this venue. They arranged for us to get optional suites for $99 for the night. My wife and I decided that this would be cheaper than a round trip cap ride (or DUI). I had been to the Rio many times over the years but I had never stayed there.The parking garage was dirty compared to most Las Vegas resorts. We parked on the ground level by the railroad tracks. There were feral cats running around everywhere and coming in and out of a hole in the wall. On to the elevator, we noticed that someone had vomited on the sidewalk.While walking to the front desk (through the casino of course), we were accosted by a timeshare sales lady. I just ignored her. If she were even slightly more attractive, she may actually be successful in here chosen career.The check in process was very quick compared to most Vegas hotels. From the time that we walked up, it only took about ten minutes to get a key. No one offered to help us with our luggage. That was no big deal though.During the time that we stayed there, I noticed significant delays with the elevators. We always seemed to wait more than normal going up and down.We made it to the room and noticed that it had been cleaned but there were half-drunk beer bottles and papers on the table. I walked out of the room and found a housekeeper in another room. She apologized and said that her paperwork indicated that the pervious residents were staying another night. She re-cleaned our room while we waited. The room was nice with a good view looking south. We could clearly see The Palms and most of the southern strip hotels. There was even a small widow in the shower that allowed the occupant to see through the room out to the view outside. There was a pit group sofa and a fairly large TV. There was an honor bar which we never opened and a separate refrigerator near the bathroom.The banquet facilities at the Rio are nice but quite a hike from the rooms. It must have taken us twenty minutes to walk there.One thing that I have to mention – While putting on my tuxedo, I noticed that I had forgotten to pack the studs for my shirt. I went downstairs and found a store that sold them for $10. I was very impressed.In the morning, we had breakfast at the coffee shop. The service was very slow. It took twenty minutes to get coffee. The pot that was brought to the table leaked.	
Jan 21 2008	Place is fine	I stayed in the Ipenema tower, in large suite. Being from New York City I loved the size of the room. It's larger than my 1 bedroom apt...sad I know but true for us NY'ers. The roomservice was fine, but a bit limited. I didn't gamble there so I can't comment on the tables. The Starbucks in the lobby was welcome for the long Vegas nights. The bathrooms were large and well taken care of. I didn't like the fact that there was no wifi in the rooms, even for a charge. Overall nothing spectacular. It was a little far off the strip, but it's basically a mini city in itself as it's so large.	
Jan 17 2008	The RIO has changed	Harrah's corporate cost cutting has reached the RIO. No coffee shop at night. If you want late nite breakfast, go to the sports bar. The steak house was closed. The seafood buffet was closed. The Sushi restaurant was an all you could eat with a page of rules and regs. No way to enjoy it. When I asked one of the hostesses about a late breakfast, she explained that you go to the sports bar. I told her I thought this was a REAL hotel. She said it is a real HARRAH'S hotel. The implied comment was clear. The hotel is not as nice as it was 10 years ago and it is on the downhill slide. We spent more time across the street at the Gold Coast where they appreciate the business and do a good job. I would consider staying there next time.	
Jan 14 2008 	Rio is always a favorite	Rio has always been one of our favorite places, if not favorite place to stay at in Vegas. It is great if you don't want to be right on the strip but very close to it. We have always had wonderful service. The rooms are always great. Highly recommend staying here.	
Jan 10 2008 	expected more	My husband and myself went to las vegas for a quick weekend getaway right before christmas. We usually stay on the strip but this time we decided not to gamble much and stay at the Rio. The check-in was pretty quick but the staff needs to brush up on their customer service. I know, I know it's Vegas right but I expected a &quot;happy holidays or merry christmas&quot; ...... anyway the suite was very nice and clean, it was in the Ipenema tower. The problem we had was that the water was turned off for over an hour. Called down and was told they didn't know how long it would take since a pipe had &quot;broke&quot;. So we had to wait for over an hour. The food at the Carnivale buffet was just ok, I had read great reviews about it but was not impressed myself. We go to veags 1 to 2 times and I don't think we will be returing to the Rio.	
Jan 8 2008 	Not worth a free night	My friend and I recently stayed at the Rio. We had a terrible stay and the staff didn't do much to accommodate us. Upon arrival there wasn't any parking and some of the levels of the structures were closed. Since we couldn't find parking we tried to valet but the valet was full and not accepting any more cars. We drove around for half an hour before finding someone who was pulling out in a structure and level far away from the hotel. We checked in, mentioned the parking issue to the check-in staff, who did nothing and didn't seem to care. She gave us a room with one bed instead of two as I had requested months ago when I booked the room and told us the hotel doesn't guarantee room requests. That makes me wonder why we are even asked our preference at booking instead of when checking in. What's the point? Once we were in the room we found that the bulb in the bathroom was burnt out. To the staff's credit, they acted immediately when we called.We left the hotel for a few hours and when we returned that evening and tried to play some of the machines, they weren't registering our Player's Cards so we couldn't get points for our play. Frustrated, we went back up to the room only to find that the water had been shut off. When we called the front desk about it, a manager informed us that a pipe had burst and the water to the whole tower was shut off. I was quite upset with my stay so far at the Rio and told the manager all the troubles we'd had for which he said he would comp us the water in the mini-bar so we could brush our teeth. That's it? Two over-priced Aquafinas for our terrible stay? I've never had such bad service at any Harrah's hotel. I'd been eager to try the Rio as I hadn't stayed there before and was sorely disappointed. I tried to check out via the tv and found we'd been charged for the water. I went to the front desk to check out and they promptly removed the water and asked how the stay was. When I told her, much like the girl checking us in, she didn't seem to care - she was just asking because that's part of her job.I followed up with Harrah's and they offered me a free night at the Rio in exchange for my difficulties. I asked instead that they comp one of the nights I was there or allow me to stay at one of their other properties instead as I didn't care to go back to the Rio. They refused. Quite disappointing and makes me question Harrah's customer service as a whole.	
Jan 2 2008 	Good Hotel	Stayed at the Rio December 28th thru January 1st. Our rooms were comped but I still would stay at the Rio even we I had to pay. We generally go to Vegas 3 -4 times a year and always stay at a Harrahs property. The RIO has alot of younger people staying although I'm really not sure why because they don't have a night club. it must be that everyone like's the Rio vibe. For those Platinum Member's they now have a new check in area which is where the old Dimond VIP lounge was. The old Plantinum area is now for promotions. Customer service was very good everywhere we went in the hotel. The room we had in the InpenemaTower was one of the remodled rooms and we really liked it. They now have a security person on each floor. Slots were tight as usual but the drinks were free flowing. No Black Jack tables under $25.00. We tried out the new resturant R.U.B. it is were the old Mexican restraunt was on the second floor, great service and food (BBQ) was just ok. Went to Buzio's for dinner one night and it was superb, a bit pricy but well worth it. The new Italian call Maurotanos (sp) I hear is not that popular because the servers give to much smart remarks to the customers, I guess they are trying to do a copy on the original back east and west coasters don't like to pay to get poor service at any rate that was enough for us not to try it. The Titled Kilt is now closed but McFaddens will be opening where the Kilt and the old Dragon Bar used to be some time this month. Shuttles to Ballys are still free and running every 1/2 hour but we took a taxi to Paris and the cost was $8.00. We walked one morning to the Flamingo and it took us 20 minutes. Next time we go I'm going to try the bowling alley as it looks like a lot of fun and will get me away from the VP for a while. They had one pool and 1 hot tub open and even though it was only 50 degrees out people were using it. If you are looking for the strip expereince stay on the strip but if you are looking for a good customer service orientated hotel that has it all and that is close to the strip stay at the Rio. If you have any questions ask away.	
Dec 29 2007 	Nice Room but Overall Not A Place For Me	I know this is a little late, but time has been a premiume for me for the last quarter of the year, so here I go for the last 2 visits to Las Vegas for me. At the end of September I stayed for the first time off strip and at Rio. My plane left late from Ohio and had a delay so I did not arive at Rio until 10:30 pm. Check in person was from Pennsylvania and very cordial, good person and no problem checking in. My suit was in the Impo something tower, which had a nice view of the mountains. Had a little trouble getting into the room, key would not work. Called check in at the house phones from the elevators, and they said to wait a few minutes and try again, if that did not work, come back down for new room keys. To make a long story short, new keys did not work, they had security let me in the room, and maintenance fixed the problem the next day. Seemed the battery for the door lock needed changed. By this time at was 2:00 am and since I had been up for 25 straight hours, I went to bed with a splitting headache. I ate at 2 places on the property, the first was the restraunt on site, can't remember the name, for some chicken noodle soup. Soup was very good and it helped me recover from my headache. The second place was at the bowling alley onsite. Had a hamburger and it was very taisty and huge and very good. The gambling at the casino was tight, as I expected. Overall I did not like the casino. It is very dark and after you see the show in the sky once, that is enough. The show is very loud and trying to order a drink when it is performing, well, have a strong voice cause you have to shout it out to the waitress. And they also seem to have a lot of male servers which for me is not a preference I prefer. The gaming area that is not under the show is high limits, not a lot of low limit slots around there. The performers of the show are very good, but once was enough for me. I found the adjacent property's to my liking more. Gold Coast casino was well lighted, well serviced, looser slots, and decent food. Breakfast buffet was under 7 and lunch buffet was under 9 dollars, and the food was good. The Palms hotel, well, I don't see what all the fuss is, I was not impressed. I did my drinking at the I-Bar at Rio. It is on the casino floor so smoking is allowed. The waitress put on a dance on the tables every few hours are are very good. I liked the I-Bar, good bartender, good service. Being a Total Rewards member, it is nice being able to go to different locations, but the comps are getting worse, I am getting less free nights, down to 2 free nights at a time, and no weekends, plus the discounted rates are up also. But I will still go to there property's as they are the only ones that have given me free nights and they have other locations besides Las Vegas.	
Dec 27 2007 	Nice but quite expensive	My husband and I stayed at the Rio from Dec 15-Dec 19. The overall experience was nice. The room was huge and comfy and the floor to ceiling windows give it a added touch. We paid for a strip view and mostly got the mountains.We really enjoyed our stay but everything in that hotel is very expensive. But did I also mention that the casino was nice and the free masqerade show in the sky was suberb but the place was dead.I would return again if I got a great rate through Total Rewards Program	
Dec 26 2007 	the Good 	“The Good &amp; Bad@ the Rio”Dec 25, 2007 We Stayed @ the Rio On Dec 20th –23rd this year. Our Flight from Wichita was fine and transition to the new rental car area was perfect, Love the new centralized area. We arrived at the Rio Lickety split (via Albertson’s for a few supplies) thanks to our new Garmin GPS, no maps to fool with. At check in the lady who helped us was cordial but not overly friendly, I told her it was our anniversary and was wondering about a room with a jetted tub or a room that has been recently remodeled. We were told nothing was available which was not a problem, and then she said that the king we requested was not available either, (fun anniversary sleeping in different beds). Oh we also asked if she had any passes to VooDoo lounge we got them last year and was told she did not have any and we would have to see the concierge the next am. So off we go at about Midnight to our room in the Masquerade tower, arrive in room view was good and we called for luggage, which showed up quickly, tipped the bellman a Fiver and commence to unpack. After finishing unpacking we start looking at the couch and it has big stains like you wouldn’t believe the type that under low light weren’t to noticeable but when you turn all the lights on were very noticeable. I pulled out the table chair and it looked as if someone sat there and done their business. I put a towel over it and decided to deal with it in the AM.Kimberly suggested we stop by the front desk on the way to do a little gambling and let them know about the condition of our room so we would not be charged extra for damage or cleaning fee. Stopped at the front desk and talked to a different clerk who was upset at the condition of our room and poked around her computer an low and behold she had a room in the newly refurbished Impenana (sp) Tower with a king bed no less and produced to Passes to the Voodoo Lounge for us. She also didn’t remark at what great Rates we had managed to acquire. Thirty Minutes Later we were being escorted by another bellman with Luggage in tow to a beautiful room on the 14th floor.CDS “O” if you have not seen it you are missing out on an experience of a lifetime Kimberly and I were mesmerized by the beauty, athleticism, and sheer man power it took to put on a performance of this caliber. I would try to explain it here but it would not do it justice and I do not have the vocabulary to put the experience into words.Day trip to Mt. Charleston is well worth the Hour it took to drive there, it is very beautiful, and quite wild to leave the dessert floor and drive up to a snow covered mountain. Great little restaurant and lodge at the top with nice hiking trails, which we did not go up do to the snow and lack of proper attire.Best Meal we had was at Smith &amp; Woulensky’s probably one of the top two steaks my wife has ever had and the best Lobster Tail I have ever had (tristan Island Tail). Bring your appetite and Wallet.Worst Meal (almost) we tried Rosewood grill on the strip and it was nice on the inside but besides us there was only one other table, the menu did not grab us but the had a lobster Fritter appetizer that sounded great, Well lets just say that we took one bite each and almost got sick. It was not cooked thoroughly on the inside and the ingredients looked as if they were the left over form someone else’s dinner. We sent it back paid our tab and got the heck out of there. All and all it was a great trip and we will be back to Vegas but we will probably try a Different hotel next time. Last piece of advice if you do rent a car bring your GPS or rent one it made our life so much easier not getting lost.	
Dec 25 2007 	Too Smoky Big Disappointment	I would not recommend this place to anyone. My husband and I decided to stay at a suite in Las Vegas. Since the Venetian was way too expensive, we chose Rio. The first problem with this hotel is that it is not on the strip and it is not walking distance. So your options are your car, taxi or the hotel shuttle which is every half hour to the strip. The casino is pretty small and due to low ceilings, cigarette smoke is overpowering. I have been to Vegas for years and several times each year but this was horrible. Our room was non-smoking but the people next door smoked so we had to deal with the stink. The room had a beautiful view of the mountains but... it really is not a suite. It is just a large room. The bed is in the same room as the couch with one TV. The third problem was the food. We were told that the buffet at this hotel is the best in Las Vegas. Except that we are not big eaters and just wanted to have a nice meal in a restaurant instead. There are italian, indian, japanese and american menu restaurants. They are all over-priced and not very popular with the guests eventhough the hotel was sold-out. We decided to eat at the All American and were extremly disappointed. The food was all fried, there was only one type of vegetarian plate which was the mushroom burger. My husband's hamburger was raw inside and the potatoes were very greasy and too fried. On Sunday my husband wanted to watch football at the Rio sports book and there was another disappointment because the TV screens were not large, the seats closest to the small TV's were all taken and the people without seats could barely see anything because they had to stand behind a wall to watch the various games. He ended up at Caesar's Palace Sports book instead. We pretty much spent the rest of our 4 days at casinos and restaurants outside of Rio and regretted booking our room there.	
Dec 12 2007 	24 hours of fun fun and more fun	What a great hotel. At the end of the strip, but it you like to walk, which is what everyone does in Vegas anyway, then it's not that far. The shuttle buses took us to Harrah's or Bally's and we walked all over the place from there. Wish I had a pedometer. Saw Cirque De Soleil 'Mystere' show, and wow!!! If you get a chance to see it, do!!! Oh, the hotel was great. Rooms are big, clean and very comfortable. View of two original hotels beyond the Strip in the smoking room (yes, they are still available in some cities). We got a good deal through the 'rewards' program, which is well worth it if you go a couple of times a year. Harrah's has a few hote/casino's connected with the Rewards Program, so it's easy to start racking up the point. Everyone was very friendly (I think all over Las Vegas everyone is friendly, with a hand held out for a tip) Just remember to bring lots of $1 bills, which is alot easier to handle than the one dollar coin in Canada. I will return to Vegas, and will most likely stay at the Rio All Suites again.	
Dec 10 2007	disappointing	Everything is grossly overpriced. A bottle of ordinary beer is $5.00 and a ordinary mixed drink is $8.00! ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS. They are out of touch with reality. Also went tothe show Tony and Tina's wedding. What an overpriced waste of time. DO NOT GO! Tickets were about $80.00 each. Went to the bar to get 2 margaritas and it cost $20.00!! They were also served in a plastic cup, no salt. What a joke. Extremely disappointing to say the least. I will never step foot in the Rio again. I travel to Vegas yearly and have found much better places to go. Not Recommended at all.	
Dec 9 2007 	Wedding in Rio Nevada	Planning a wedding is not an easy task, anyone who's been through one knows. But organizing a wedding in Nevada when you live in Texas would denitely have to be agonizyingly stressful...wrong, my wedding reception at the rio couldn't have been better. It exceeded everybody's expectations. And although my husband and I are not celebrities, it is a wedding that all attendees are still talking about.The rooms, the attention, everyhthing was by the book of highest hostessing. The Rio is a passionate place, high paced and full of energy everywhere you turn around you and above!We did not wanted a 100% traditional reception, like in a bowl room, and since we are from Texas, dinner was extremely important, so we chose the American Bar- and Grill at the Rio and the attention was perfect, the waiter even performed a couple of excellent illusions with a toothpick and a fork. Ah! but the sirloin... that's was something to be remembered.All twenty guests and ouselves are planning our next trip for next late summer and stay there for a week. It is a Five Star Plus Destination.	
Dec 7 2007 	If you're a gambler you will probably like this place better than me...	I just finished my stay at the Rio. It's a fine place to stay if you are a gambler; however, I attended a business convention hosted at the site. It shouldn't have been a surprise to me that this place is geared to gamblers, but I was surprised by the inconvenience that caused me.  First of all, here is what I liked about the hotel:1. The room was immaculate. Except for a used bar of soap I found in the shower left over from the last guest who stayed in the room, housekeeping did a great job.2. The staff was very friendly. The concierege who helped me throughout my stay was amazing, and the people who worked in parking were very nice.3. There was a very good selection of restaurants. I ate at the same place twice during my stay (All-American Bar &amp; Grill), and the food was excellent.4. Parking is free.What I didn't like about the hotel:1. I needed cash for a shuttle to the airport. To withdraw $20 from the ATM was going to cost me $4.99. If you are like me, you will walk to an ATM near the hotel. The closest one was about 1/2 of a mile. There was a grocery store a little further down the road then that.2. There is a fitness center, but it costs $22 to use it as it is part of the spa. If you work out three days, then you get a discount on the third day.3. I paid $1.25 for each toll free call I made.4. The cocktail waitresses are dressed in outfits you will not see at Disneyland.In fairness to the Rio the other casino hotels probably have similar policies. The convention I attended is being hosted at a different casino hotel next year. If I attend, I will probably stay at a non-casino hotel such as the Westin. I will, however, be sure to ask questions about the things I didn't like to find the best possible arrangement. If you are a gambler who doesn't care about the things I mentioned above, the Rio would be a pretty good choice.	
Dec 4 2007	Rio Hotel 	My husband and I stayed at the Rio October 27 - October 30 and stayed in the Masquerade Tower. This was our first stay in a Vegas hotel off the strip. I thought I'd give it a whirl since we'd hung out there several times before on previous trips and really love their Voodoo Lounge at the top (awesome lounge and FABULOUS view of the Vegas strip--a must see!). The hotel/casino is big enough to not get too bored if you're not staying on the strip and they have very convenient free shuttle services that stop at Bally's, Caesar's Palace, and Paris, I believe. The spa here is tops here for a good hot rock massage with &quot;Frenchie&quot;. I highly recommend her, she's the best masseuse I've experienced yet. The only thing I thought was so-so here was the pedicure I got, just &quot;Ok&quot;, nothing special. The room itself we stayed in was OK, decent views, but on our first day in, in the afternoon, it seemed like the room next door had a party going. We could hear LOTs of voices, sounded like very young adutls/teens, and I could hear them right through the walls. I had never encountered a noise problem through any walls at any previous Vegas hotel I've stayed at. Fortunately, it must've been their last day there and I never heard a peep for the remainder of our trip. There are many fine dining options at the Rio as well. I recommend their open cafe (can't remember the name) that's right by the casino--they have the BEST burgers. Also I would recommend going to Buzio's, a seafood restaurant there. The food was absolutely fabulous. All in all, if you are contemplating staying off strip, I would recommend the Rio. It is larger (and probably a little cheaper) than the likes of The Palms &amp; the Hard Rock.	
Nov 29 2007 	large room with extras	Just got back from vegas, they had a $49.00 special, so we thought we'd try it. rooms are large with sofa, chair with table and chairs, the tv rotates for views from anywhere is the room. The bathroom has 2 sinks, one inside the bathroom and one in the dressing area with granite countertops and marble floors, the frig and safe in the closet in an added bonus. Only complaint i had was stains on the carpet, otherwises a great room with mountain views and starbucks downstairs.	
Nov 25 2007 	Stay was great	My BF and I stayed during the Thanksgiving break. We requested a room in the Inpanema Tower which we got w/o any hassle. Check in was quick. The room 1187 was in great condition. Clean and extremely spacious. In regards to towels, linen, bathroom, bed, carpet, etc. there are no complaints. We didn't gamble much at the Rio. One thing they're lacking is a good food court. They have quite a number of restaurants for sit ins, but I was only able to find a semi fast food place &quot;Wetzel's Pretzel's.&quot; Yes, they had a Starbucks and a Coffee Bean &amp; Tea Leaf, but I was hoping for a subway, mc donalds, burger king, etc. where I could grab a quick and inexpensive bite to eat.	
Nov 20 2007	Like a clown car exploded!	Aside from the place (casino) looking like a clown car blew up in there. All kinds of colors and tackier than most LV casinos. The waitresses all wander around in basically a thong and some black lingerie over top while the waiters look like they belong in all male bars in the old star trek series. Very tight, very cheesy...I felt bad for them having to wear them. The rooms are amazing, big and pretty soundproof! The only complaint I have is there are not enough waitresses to go around. You wait quite a while for your drinks even when you're dropping stupid money at the tables. Oh, and the pool was closed two days out of the four for &quot;Private Functions&quot;. WTF? Don't get that, but oh well. It's a little bit off the strip sure, but that's what cabs are for right?	
Nov 19 2007 	Don't Believe all the Good Reviews!	We just spent the weekend, Nov.15-18 at the Rio. Worst stay we have had in Vegas since I first went there in 1982.Had problems at check in, could not get a room in the renovated tower as we had requested, we had paid $25 extra per night for a strip view room, no view etc.etc. At check in the clerk went to get the supervisor, never even came back to the counter to tell us where the elevator to our room was, never put us in the direction of the customer service desk for gambling card. The supervisor told us to check back Friday morning in regards to a room move. Woke up to a voice mail message received at 7:50 am to tell us they would not be able to move us. Easily they would have known this the night before, just giving us &quot;lip service&quot;. Had to call room service for cork screw, shower cap, soap and towels! The maids didn't even empty the hotel ashtray at cleanup on Friday, nor did the maids even show up on Saturday. Arrived back to our room at 7:00 pm to have a nap and get ready to go out, the maids had not even been to the room to clean. After calling down to housekeeping and again a supervisor, they told us they would take only $50 off our bill. Arrived back to the hotel around 3:15 am, intent on doing some more partying and gambling in our hotel, check with registration on a late checkout, told no, phone back at 6:00 or 7:00 am. Set our alarm for 6:00 when we finally got back to the room and phoned down, no late checkout either. Again, all a bunch of &quot;lip service&quot;. Will never stay at the Rio again, and will be sure to tell all our friends this story, STAY AWAY. Spoke to some other guests that had some of the same problems. Casino was empty.......I'm sure any positive reviews are posted by staff hotel members.	
Nov 14 2007 	Enjoyed the Rio	My husband and I recently returned from our stay there in early November. We requested at check in but were not able to get one of the renovated rooms. Regardless we had a nice room on the 28th floor which was a nice size with the King size bed. We loved having the refrigerator in the room and walked to a local grocery for some small things to put in it. Even though we were off the strip we took the shuttle and had no problems except for the heavy traffic which was unavoidable I suppose. We ate at the Voo Doo, Antonios, the Tilted Kilt, the All American Grille. All were good but Antonios was out of this world. I recommend it highly. The Kilt had good food and in huge quantities so you got your moneys worth.Gambling was expensive there so most times we walked across the street to the Gold Coast where minimums were a little lower.We would definitely go back to the Rio.	
Nov 14 2007 	Stayed 8 Nights and Loved It!	After a long drive from the Grand Canyon, where accomodation was disappointing to say the least, we asked to check in 5 nights early at the Rio. And I am so glad we did. The room was huge...very new bedding, carpets and furniture. It seemed like a suite to me. And the king size bed was wonderful and the extra refrigerator very thoughtful.The casino wasn't cavernous...so it was easily navigated. The casino and restaurant personnel were helpful and friendly. Loved the Voodoo restaurant and club up on the 51st floor even though we're 40+. What spectacular views. Being off strip wasn't a problem at all for us...we walked or took the free shuttle when we felt like it.We ended our stay in Vegas at Paris for 3 nights and we wished we had stayed at the Rio.	
Nov 12 2007 	won't return to the Rio	the hotel looked great online. this was a fraudulent advertisment. the room I had was nothing like the rooms shown online. my room was filthy. stained sofa &amp; carpet. very worn bedspread &amp; curtains. but my biggest surprise was when I turned the bed down &amp; saw dried blood &amp; black hair on the blanket, that had holes in it. I called front desk, they sent up housekeeping. then housekeeping manager arrived. offered to move me, but told me all rooms were the same. agreed w/ me that hotel needs a redo. my room was on 37th floor &amp; the music from the Voo Doo on the 50th floor could be heard as well as felt! because of a conference, I was stuck there. housekeeping did get me a new blanket &amp; changed my bed since I didn't want the sheets that touched the dirty blanket. they also wrapped my sofa in sheets so I didn't have to look at the stains. I never closed my drapes because I didn't want to touch them. I did have a nice view of the valley &amp; mountains, so that worked out ok. But I will never be back. casino was not impressive. too far a hike from the strip. yes, there is a shuttle, but by the time you walk to the entrance w/ the shuttle busses, you just as well walk to the strip.	
Oct 31 2007 	Nice but too far from The Strip	My husband and I stayed at the Rio 10/13-10/16 with friends who were attending a conference there. Overall, the Rio was very nice, just a little too far away from all the action. It is a $10 taxi ride to and from the strip or wait for shuttles to get to other Harrah properties on the strip. Definitely too far to walk. We had requested a recently updated room upon check in and were given one. Our room and its furnishings looked brand new. Very classy, granite bathroom and counters, very clean and pretty view of the mountains. We did not use the pools, but after a brief walk around them, we decided they are in need of repair. This hotel is adequate, clean and not too overpriced. However, next visit, I will look into staying at the Bellagio, Venetian or Wynn.	
Oct 25 2007	Inspect rooms before unpacking!	Have stayed at the Rio annually for the last 3 years have always been impressed ,this year...not so much. Whilst checking in I tried the &quot;twenty dollar trick&quot;, the agent seemed to handle it very smoothly asking what I expected I answered a nice strip view on a high floor. He checked his monitor and told me he had a good room on the 31st floor. I said great and off we went; unfortunately the room had stains on the carpeting the sheets appeared soiled and worst of all there were 2 sex toys lying in the end table drawer. I immediately contacted management and was profusely apologized to and given a gift certificate sufficient to cover 1 meal for my wife and I. I feel we deserved more but it was getting late and I had yet to hit the tables. I accepted and was upgraded to a suite in the ipanema tower, now this is what I had come for!!! The room was clean, large and comfortable everything I have come to expect from the Rio. The slots seemed very tight. Hard to find a low limit table for craps or roulette. Overall I will probably be back but I think the staff could use some training or replacing, alsom make those slots a little looser i didnt hit anything worthwhile during my stay. Stratosphere has the best action in my opinion.	
Oct 24 2007 	NOT All Suites - Great for Frequent Gamblers	Visited the Rio for 4 nights beginning in October, 2007, with wife and 2 children (ages 11 &amp; 15) for business trip extended for brief vacation. We chose the Rio because 1) the advertised &quot;all-suites&quot; would give us more room, and, 2) the pools looked good for kids (understanding from other posts that children were not the primary target guest-group nor that they were especially kid-friendly).Arrived about 10:00pm Wednesday evening and only the &quot;regular&quot; suites were available. Compared with a regular hotel room our room was fairly large but it definitely was NOT a suite. We requested in advance and confirmed at the front desk a room with a pull-out sofa. The front desk clerk was very helpful and I think did try to find us a larger room. Unfortunately the sofa wasn't a sleeper; the front desk suggested a roll-away bed, I said OK but then had a long argument with housekeeping about linens. Apparently they have a rule that no room can receive more than 6 pillows. A very official-looking lady with a walkie-talkie came to the room (it's 11:00 pm Pacific time at this point) and, said that basically there was no way we were getting more pilows. OK.....Otherwise the room was fine - the floor to ceiling windows were very nice and, even though our view was of the parking deck, it did make the room appear larger. The furnishings were nice and (king) bed comfortable. There was a small-ish closet, mini-refrigerator (very handy and uncommon) and large bathroom. The hotel facilities were OK: all of the pools except one were closed due to the season but it was very nice. There are several restaurants but they all are very pricey and a poor value (as with most other Vegas hotel restaurants). I would recommend the VooDoo Steak Lounge. While expensive, there is a great view and access to the outdoor deck with a great atmosphere.The gaming areas were typical but a little more spread-out than most casinos. As others have posted, I found that the table minimums were high - $25 for blackjack, for example.I found most of the staff to be surprisingly pleasant. Maybe I've gotten used to poor service but I constantly heard &quot;good morning&quot;, &quot;how are you&quot;, &quot;have a good day&quot;, etc. - refreshing.The valet parking was inconveniently located (especially when carrying luggage) and during busy times there were long delays in retrieving our car.One recurring theme was that there was a constant level of higher services, amemenities, and facilities for high-level members of the gaming Rewards Club - a different line for the buffet, the ability to call the valet and have your car brought around, different valet-drop-off lane, preferred seating, better rooms, etc. Even when going to the theatre will-call to pick up telephone-purchsed tickets I was asked what level of Rewards I was. Unless you are a Platinum or &quot;7-Diamond (?)&quot; don't expect anything beyond basic service AND expect for others requests to be addressed before yours. I guess this makes good business sense but as an occasional visitor I began to resent being treated as a second-class guest .	
Oct 17 2007 	Voo Doo for the average Joe?	Las Vegas has many options when choosing hotels and the Riorating as in the average mix is accurate. I stayed for business for 3 nights and did not use facilities such as the pool,so I cannot comment on that.Check in was timely,friendly and the room was clean. Furnishings were a little dated and the bathroom was older.The bed was very comfortable, TV older....Room was a decent size,but perhaps smaller for Vegas. The seafood restaurant was very good and had the price tag to go with it. Five of us ate a late dinner and dropped about $500with only a few drinks. The restaurant on the casino floor for lunch was very good and more reasonable with great service. Burgers were some of the best that we have ever had at a restaurant. The VOO DOO lounge charges a cover to guests,which seemedodd,especially during the week. The view of the city is fantastic!The drinks,as other members have commented, are extremelyexpensive. The view is worth the cover,so take it in and leave.This is not a family hotel. It does cater to conventions andfor that it is fine.Overall, the service is good,people are friendly, but if you aregoing on vacation to Vegas, you can find rooms that are bigger,newer and less pricey at many places.Having stayed at the Venetian before for business, perhapsmy opinion on the Rio is weighted unfairly......But the VOO DOOview was great!	
Oct 14 2007 	Too high for the money	The hotel is too high priced for the average consumer. My husband and I make over 100k a year and to spend this much money on a hotel for the week is crazy. You can go to a luxury hotel somewhere else and it also would be all inclusive.The problems that were noticed at the Rio. They only had one pool out of 3 open. None of the jacuzzis worked while we were there. The waterfalls over the pool were not working. The shuttles were always behind in schedule. The drinks were not cheap. (My husband and I paid $10.00 each for a pina colada). The buffets were not reasonable in the hotel. It costs us $54 one night and $79.00 another night. (And you can get better seafood, near the coast). You also get hounded everytime you walk by a timeshare person. It got the the point my husband and I walked separately by them. If we walked by holding hands, we always were hounded.Overall cost for the trip $2800. -- This included , hotel and car, we also gambled maybe $ 50.00 and went to 4 shows. We did not eat breakfast- we ate lunch- from buying groceries at the local grocery store ( in our room)	
Oct 11 2007 	Better than expected (business travel)	I had pretty low expectations for the Rio based on some of the scary traveler photos on this site, but I have to say this place is really much better than expected. As a business traveler, the most important things to me are that it's quiet and comfortable, and it is both of those things (at least inside the room). It's hard to relax in a really ugly room, so I was glad to find that the decor is decent enough so as not to be distracting. I am in a suite in the Ipanema Tower -- am told that one of the other towers doesn't have available internet access, so if you're a business traveler make sure you ask for that when you check in. I also have to add that the catering service for the conference has been great. I know this probably varies widely depending on what the conference hosts are spending, but my personal experience with the hotel conference service has been very good.As far as the non-business aspect goes, I'm pleased to report that the Indian restaurant here is surprisingly good, especially with mughlai dishes (and I consider myself an aficionado). I am also pleased with the shuttle service to the strip. You can't beat the price (free), and it's allowed me to get to the strip to catch some of the famous sights and shows in the evening without fussing with transportation. Just be prepared to spend a few minutes on a bus listening to some retirees chattering away. :)	
Oct 7 2007 	Wonderful hotel--too bad it's not on the strip	My husband and I just got home from a weekend at the RIo. We occasionally get offers/free rooms from Harrah's hotels and the Rio had the best deal for the timeframe of our trip. It's been 10 years since we've stayed here and I think the property's changed for the better. We were on the 16th floor of the Ipanema tower in a newly renovated room. I loved this room (not a suite, however much the hotel chooses to call their rooms suites). You first walk into a small marble foyer with a refrigerator/coffeemaker nook then straight into the large room that held a large corduroy covered sofa, a very comfortable easy chair, a marble topped coffee table and a good sized work desk. The king-sized bed was extremely comfortable and had soft linens and a duvet. The bathroom had a pedestal sink--it was separated by a door from a larger sink and vanity area. This area also had a built-in chest of drawers and large closet. All in all, I'd say this was one of the better designed and most comfortable motel rooms I've stayed in for a long time. Some Vegas hotels, like the Venetian, have larger rooms (ie suites), but this was so livable and nice to come 'home' to at night. The room itself was sparkling clean and very convenient to elevators.I liked the Rio's layout. It's not huge so it's very easy to navigate. The little sports cafe connected to the Sports book had good food and it was easy to grab a bite or take it up to the room. We had late night breakfast in the All-American Grille--pretty inexpensive. We also ate at the Seafood Buffet our first night there. The slipper lobster was soooo good. At $36.95, though, it's pricey.I was pleasantly surprised at the drink service while gambling--no joke, friendly servers came around at least every 5-10 minutes, even around the penny machines. Slots were no tighter here than anywhere else--in fact, I won $500 on a dollar machine our last night there.The Rio has it all--except for location. Honestly, that's the deal-breaker for me. I felt like we wasted a lot of time searching for and waiting for shuttles to the strip. Gave up a few times and sprung for the $10 (with tip) one way cab fare. We love casino hopping when in Vegas and like the option of going back to our hotel room for little breaks in between during the day. This just isn't feasible at the Rio. Darn--I really enjoyed this place but we probably won't be back unless offered free rooms.	
Oct 2 2007 	What a great experience	We have stayed in Las Vegas many times but this is the first time we have stayed at the Rio Suites. The Suite we stayed in was on 17th floor of the Ipanema wing. This is the separate section of the Rio and not the main building.  We were pleasantly surprised with this hotel and the room. This section of the casino has a bowling alley with some GREAT quick foods to eat. We also ended up using Room Service one night and they came in and set up our table with linens and everything. The food was FABULOUS! It was worth the money and we would definitely stay there again.We did get to go to the pool one day and it is an okay pool. there are actually 4 different pools with one of them having sand. There are at least 2 hot tubs but they were not very hot while we were there. Because of the time of year (late September) they said that it was the slow season and all the pools were open at 5pm when we got there. Also, all of the pools were going to close at 6pm. It's typical of the pools to close by 7pm but since it was the off season they closed early because of the small amount of guests. Just something to know so you know what to expect.If you stay here, though, make sure you see the Parade in the Sky in the main building. It's a fun little free show.	
Sep 25 2007 	Not Bad	We stayed at the Rio 8/19/07 - 8/25/07 while a tax seminar was going on. Wife checked in at the airport while I was waiting for the luggage. Room 682 in the Ipanema wing. The room was huge and clean. They had a stocked mini frig under the TV and an empty mini frig(no temp adjustment)in the closet. We had the cabbie stop at a minimart on the way to the hotel so we put our things in the empty frig. I later found out that there was a store called The Green Grocer about a 5 min walk away on the road that separates the Rio and the Gold Coast and prices not bad. I did pick up breakfast snacks and chocolate. DO NOT buy chocolate bars at the Rio $2 a pop and they are OLD. Go to Grocer for chocolate. The view was a nice one. We could see the Gold Coast, the Palms, the Orleans and the distant hills. No problem with the AC. The bathroom was ok. The frig was cold enough. The TV was huge.Rio supplies 3 shuttles to and from 3 casinos about every 20 mins. 1 for Bally's, 1 for Harrah's and 1 for Ceasar's. Drivers were very friendly, polite and helpful. I guess with the seminar the crowds for the shuttles were larger than normal but when they arrived, boy some people can be SO rude.Overall it was okay but with the seminar crowd you spent alot of time waiting to get to the strip. The Masquerade in the Sky show was nice.We don't plan on going back to Vegas but If asked about the Rio I would say it's okay if you want off the strip.	
Sep 24 2007	Ok rooms - too many kids!	We stayed there last year as we wanted a larger room. The Rio is an all-suite hotel, but the suite we stayed in consisted merely of a larger room as opposed to a true suite. All in all, the rooms and service were not bad, but not great either. The main problem was all of the families with kids staying in the hotel. We constantly would hear kids running down the hall and yelling early in the day - not the best sounds to wake up to at 8 AM! Likewise, it was hard to just sit and relax in the pool area, once again, because of the large number of kids running around, splashing, screaming, etc. We noticed a large number of families on the main casino floor when we first checked in and it was a harbinger of things to come during our stay. All in all, not a bad hotel, but if you're looking for an adult getaway in Vegas (which is what Vegas should be - people should leave their kids at home), look elsewhere, like the Wynn or THEhotel.	
Sep 18 2007 	Rio Impressed Us Again!!	We stayed at the Rio for the 4th year in a row and were impressed again!!! The only disappointment was that the Masquerade in the Sky was dark for the weekend due to technical maintenance. We had beautiful, hot weather which made it perfect for the fantastic pools that the Rio has to offer. Our service everywhere was great and we had fabulous meals there as well. I always think that I want to try another property for my next trip to Vegas, but the Rio has us so spoiled that we do not want to go somewhere else for fear that it would not live up to the high bar that the Rio has set for us!!!!	
Sep 11 2007 	Still a fun place to stay	We stayed here last year (2006) and I absolutely loved it. I was a little disappointed this year. I neglected to specify a room with a view &amp; so wound up on the 4th floor with a view of the top of the roof. Could not upgrade - front desk said entire hotel was booked. No coffee maker in the room. Again the front desk said only executive suites got coffeemakers &amp; I should have booked a better room. It was hard to get a drink at the slots at night but they came by every 10 minutes at 9:00 a.m. Loved the All American Grill (get the Chicken Caesar wrap)! The shuttles are great.Next year we may try Caesar's.	
Sep 8 2007	Great Experience!	The Rio is a great hotel and casino. Everyone from the managers to the blackjack dealers were polite and friendly. If you are bringing children to Vegas I recommend this hotel especially. The pool is great and not full of drunk college kids. For a small fee you can have access to the gym and spa-which I also recommend after a hard night of poker.	
Sep 5 2007	The Rio in August	Stayed at the Rio from 8/19-8/24. The room was roomy. The casino was loud and busy during that time. Registration was quick and friendly. The player's club people were helpful. Waitresses were good. Food at the sport was quick and convenient. This casino is a little ways from the strip but you can walk to the strip in about 20 minutes or take the shuttle. Overall, a decent place with the Masquerade in the Sky show that is okay for one time viewing. After that, the show and casino pretty much like any other casino.	
Sep 2 2007 	Fun Times	This was my first time staying off-strip, and I had a great time at the Rio from 8/27-9/1. I recommend renting a car, but if you do it's very easy to get just about anywhere on/off the Strip. I-15 is right there.I was on the 8th floor of the Masquerade Tower. The room was nice and big. And most importantly to me, it was kept clean. The bathroom is on the small side, but there’s a vanity outside the bathroom that can be used. The room had a safe and a fridge. There was also a keyboard for internet access, but I didn’t use it so I can’t comment on that. (when I’m on vacation, I can live without e-mail for a few days.) I found the staff to be very friendly. Good drink service in the casino. Other people's comments about the casino being extremely loud are right on the money -- especially when the Show in the Sky is happening. That rubbed me the wrong way at first, but I got used to it after awhile.The food is good, but it’s Vegas so it’s expensive.The Rio wouldn't necessarily be my first choice (I prefer the Strip.) But I'd go back if I get another great deal.	
Aug 28 2007 	Fun Place Memorable Stay	My wife and I booked a room for one, mid-week August night through the &quot;Hot Deals&quot; promotion on the Rio's website. We were very pleased with the price.On arrival, check-in went smoothly even though I went at the height of check-in rush hour. Waited only about 10-15 minutes. The young man checking me in made a quick call and got us into a suite on the 20th floor of the Ipanema tower. The suite was amazing. Nice dining area, guest bathroom, view of the South Strip, HUGE master bath with jacuzzi tub, his/hers robes and sandals, pretty impressive. Only drawbacks were the old TV's that had issues with color and the smell of smoke.Enjoyed our brief time at the pool. Plenty of space and some fun areas for kids to play if you bring them along.We're not gamblers so can't really comment on the gambling scene. Drinks are fairly expensive ($8-9 for mixed drinks, $6 for beer). We only ate at Antonio's and had our worst dining experience in Vegas. The burnt parmesan chicken would not have been served at Olive Garden and would have been about $30 cheaper. I had heard about the incredible views from the VooDoo Lounge and it did not disappoint. It has to be one of the better views of the Strip. Here is a tip: Don't pay the $20/person cover charge! In many of the shops in the Rio, there are VooDoo Lounge buisness cards by the registers that serve as free admission if used before 10:30 PM on Sunday-Friday. We had a great stay at the Rio but are obviously biased due to the upgrade to the top floor suite. We were impressed with the pools, VooDoo lounge and hated Antonio's. The distance from the Strip really didn't bother us since we had a car. I would return to the Rio but it would be tough to have realistic expectations after our memorable experience.	
Aug 28 2007 	Filthy Pool	I was appalled by the lack of cleanliness in one of the pools. We got to the pool area first thing in the morning, so I was expecting that the pools would have been cleaned at the crack of dawn for the Saturday morning crowd. However, while swimming in the pool I was &quot;attacked&quot; by at least three floating plastic cups. During an underwater “reconnaissance”, laying on the bottom of the pool was a bloated lemon, clearly a leftover from at least the day before. In one of the rounded corner coves of the pool, near to where the exit ladder was, dirt and leaves had collected, almost to a murky, muddy puddle. While I realize the pool can’t be cleaned of every single hour of the day, I would have expected that the morning would have brought as sparkling a pool as possible.	
Aug 27 2007	Rio Las Vegas... An awesome time	The Rio. In one word... Awesome! The check in was just fine... I was there in late fall though. lets start with the casino play. I have won some good payoffs at the slots in the Rio. Dont take my word for ti though... you know how lady luck is. The casino atmosphere is great. I love the layout. The Carnival in the sky in the back casino area is a great thing to experience. Everytime I have friends with me I take them there to see this. If you dont know this is an attraction that consists of floats supended from the ceiling and they entertain with dancing and music all themed together. They also have a stage that risses from the floor in the same area that goes with the floats. This is an all free show just for people to enjoy.The rooms... If you want a romantic night and be in one of those rooms you see in the magazines with the wonderful skyline outside of the window... this is it. The rooms are all suites and they are big and have floor to ceiling windows and if you book it right you can have a strip view. With the hotel not being on the strip you get a veiw that is worth a million dollars. My friend got married and was going to stay at the Bellagio. Even though it was his honeymoon he did not want to stay in the room 24hrs a day and he wanted to have some money left over. I suggested the Rio and he got one of their standard rooms. He came back thanking me. He took my advice and got a strip view room and he said it was sooooo romantic and he and his new wife has a great time. He loved the little window that is in the shower that looks out into the room. The rooms all have very large sofas that have lounging areas on the end and bed is situated where if you leave the curtains open at night you have an unforgetable view.The entertainment has since been changed. They used to have Club Rio in the show room and they had 80's night. I am an 80's nut and the entertainment was awesome. Not sure how the entertainment is set now but they always seemed to be able to entertain well. They still have the VooDoo lounge that is on top of the tower and you dont want to miss it. You can spend time out on the tarrace, have a drink and steal a kiss from a loved one under the stars in a romantic setting.I cant say enough about the Rio. If you want romance, fun, a great time... this is the place.	
Aug 26 2007 	rio is fab	we have stayed in many hotels in las vegas this hotel is by far has the best staff from the cleaners to the managers you will go far to meet nicer peoplethey have beautiful suites at affordable prices and off season the upgrade prices are fab a free shuttle bus takes you to and from the strip every 20 minutestry it you will love it	
Aug 24 2007	Very rundown hotel with poor service	I just returned from a stay Aug 19-23. I was attending a convention and found the restrooms in that area to be disgusting. Three different bathrooms were missing locks on the doors, many of the toilets did not completely flush, and the mess that was not cleaned up of paper towels etc was bad. Then onto the rooms - a room service tray sat in the hallway in my tower from 10am to 9pm when I went to my room. The carpet was flithy and stained. I expected more for the price I paid. I also was annoyed by the show that jammed the aisles and made walking to my room impossible. I avoided the pool and someone told me that was for the best. AVOID this place.	
Aug 24 2007 	Loved It!!!	We stayed at the RIO July 20-22, for our annual girl trip to Las Vegas. The room was very large and nice. We also had a great view of the strip. There were 4 of us in a room, so the &quot;suite&quot; room and 3 sinks REALLY helped out! The fridge in the room was also great, as it allowed us to purchase our own beverages, and store them in the fridge. Much cheaper than buying them through the hotel! The rooms are not like staying at the Bellagio, but they are clean and nice and pretty updated. I'd say nicer then the older rooms at Paris. The pool at RIO is AWESOME!!! There was a D.J. playing tunes all day, and it was pretty rockin!! It is by no means a &quot;quite&quot; pool, so it is awesome for people looking to party. Even though this hotel is not on the strip, we are definately staying here next year!!!!! It only costs a few bucks for a cab to the strip, and there is a shuttle you can catch every 1/2 hour too! I highly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a party pool in Vegas.	
Aug 24 2007 	Only again if forced	You should know that I don't gamble and went for a professional conference. The Rio was the conference hotel. It's LOUD - they want to have the feel of carnival. There is some great food in Las Vegas, just not at the Rio. The food at each of the 5 eating places that we tried - there are more - was mediocre and expensive although I got a great glass of sake. A drink at the front bar is $15. Take out coffee is $3 and up. In addition, they are not equipped to handle food- even coffee and muffins - for a large convention for conferences not providing the food. The 7:00 -9:00 AM coffee/muffin line at the two places was 30+ minutes long. You are warned.And it is isolated. To leave the Rio for other locations requires 1) a car, 2) a taxi (reasonable price but a queue on the side of the building) or 3) a free shuttle that runs on the half hour only to the other Harrahs properties. There might be a city bus. This isolation would be good for parents to make sure children don't get too lost. Yes, there were lots of children. The room itself was quiet. As advertised, it was quite large with a separate dressing area and two sinks. It had a small refrigerator, but no coffee pot. Our view was of the mountains, highway and train tracks. Not everyone can overlook the pools and gardens, but you should ask.The variety of nice swimming pools were open only from 9-6.	
Aug 15 2007 	Huge Room Great Service COMING BACK SOON!	The Rio was the Best choice we could've made! Upon arrival to vallet, we checked in which was a breeze thanks to the helpful people at the desk. We stayed on the 11th floor in the Ipanema building. We were upgraded to a newly remodeled room. As soon as we walked we we're taken back by the SIZE of the room. It was HUGE! The view was of the Mountains, but we we're there for the nightlife not to stare out a window. Everything was clean, no odors. The bedding was fresh and neat. The Bathroom is very spacious. They have a vanity chair, a nice big counter with a Lighted Magnifying mirror (love this one!). The closet was large as well, one side for your clothes and the our side had a nice sized mini fridge and a safe above it. Our floor was very quite, no noisey neighbors or anything! We really loved the fact that all the hotels within the Harrahs chain offer shuttle vans to each other's hotels, so getting around for free was the best! Gaming tables were never very full that you couldn't find your favorite game to play. Dealers were friendly as well. I finally got to see the Carnival in the Sky show, i've been to the Rio many times and never once had a chance to see it. As luck would have it I happen to be playing the slots in front of the stage so we got a front row seat...he he he. Overall, we had a great stay here, definetly take advantage of the shuttle and Don't drink &amp; drive :0)	
Aug 12 2007	Beware	I'll make this quick. Stayed in this hotel about a month ago...This place was absolutely awful. The rooms were extremely outdated, smelled like smoke and were overall disgusting. And the worst part is, after the first night of our stay, we woke up itching our legs. After examining them we saw that we were covered in bug bites. There were bed bugs all over the bedding and the sheets!Also, the photos on their website that are supposed to depict what the rooms look like are totally false. The rooms look absolutely NOTHING LIKE THAT. They are brown and gross and very very very creepy.I'd recommned this place if you were having a bachelor party or bachlorete party and wanted a big room and didnt care if you wrecked everything. Actually I take that back. I could never recommend this place. It was by far the worst hotel experience I've ever had.	
Aug 12 2007 	Its OK	I Never really liked the Rio. Its too big and dark and noisy. But being forced to visit it often on this trip due to friends staying there it kind of gre on me. First the roomsYou could hear people in next room(very poor) the updates consist of newer carpeting, bedding ans stuff like that. It was nice but not gorgeous in any way! It was clean, carpet had stains, a little dust. people who complain ac does not work good etc, why not call and ask for another room rather than suffering through it. Hallways were clean, elevators sometimes a little slow.The casino is big and very very cold in some parts. I had to wear a jacket most of the time. It also has changed to many penny machines but did have dollar areas too. I did ok sometimes but ended up loosing at rio. The slot attendants were all very nice, i think they have to be at a harrahs property. The come over right away if you need help or you can press number 1 on the area where you put your players card in and i guess it signals them. When they come over they have to put their card in to turn it off, so they come fast. They always tell you their name and tell you if you need anything to please ask. So i think harrahs has given extensive training in this area which is great. It was the same way at harrahs on the strip and ballys which is owned by harrahs. That was very impressive I thought, made you feel good, like you were being treated special.I would not stay hear for i would prefer a strip location for the same price. The rooms are priced the same as Rio if not some of them a bit cheaper. I would stay on the strip hands down.The food at the place that’s right in the casino ( i forget the name) was very good. Ate there 3 times, perfect each time. Nice service, nice menu selection, just nice and open almost all the time with no big waits.Casino was pretty clean. Think it was a little tighter than some other casinos and it does seem to cater to younger crowds, but there was a mix. On another note too many kids, its Vegas go to disney world. Its kind of sad to see so many little kids. It was nice not to hear kids screaming in hotel rooms etc. Before Vegas tried grabbing all the travels for money rather than just adults. I love kid just kind of feel its not really the place.All in all it was ok, rooms nice size, fairly clean, noisy, casino ok niceStay on the strip or get a heaper room off the strip.	
Aug 3 2007 	Fun	We arrived at the Rio in Las Vegas after a long drive from Santa Barbara. The heat in the parking lot hit us as we exited the car in the covered self-parking lot. Parking was free in this lot. We then made the long trek across the casino to reception. My 4-year old was entranced with the lights and action in the casino. She enjoyed the sky shows so much I think they were the highlight of the trip. Once we reached reception check-in was smooth and my daughter received a set of beads. She was over the moon. We had a spacious suite on an upper floor. The two queen beds were not particularly comfortable nor were the pillows. For the most part, we enjoyed the room but the air conditioning was anemic and never really cooled the room.Given our young traveler we were most interested in the pool. I was surprised at the 9am-6pm posted pool hours. I thought with the blast furnace like heat it would be nice to spend the evening in the pool. In any case, the pool area is beautiful and crowded. You will want desk shoes in the summer heat. The deck was very hot. Some people had rented cabanas and had floating pool mats that looked fun. I didn’t locate the source of the pool mats but it was just as well. I only had my room key and you need ID and the charge slip they provide at check-in for extras. They had a bar poolside if I had only brought my ID! I would caution people about the quality of life-guarding at this pool and at others I have seen in Las Vegas. The guards appear mostly decorative. The number of potential hazards in these pools would be unacceptable to most health clubs or public pools. Few of the guards scan the waters with any regularity and given the shape of these pools it is hard to imagine they can effectively view their entire zone. I have never seen a guard caution against the unsafe behaviors that abound in and near the pools. I enjoyed the pools but would not count on the lifeguards.We had dinner at the buffet after wandering past most of the other restaurant options. I think the buffet is fine for a buffet. The masses were ushered from their holding pens to their tables. Non-alcoholic drink options were presented and the server disappeared. This is also a good time to request ketchup as you may never see your server again. As most foodies understand, buffet food is problematic. There are endless choices of mediocre options. Most look good but are less tasty than they would be following sitting on a buffet. I suggest choosing foods that sit well or that are made to order. The pizza was a little too sweet for my tastes. The fired foods were good as were the ice cream sundaes. The Mexican options were pretty good but the BBQ suffered, as it hadn’t been cooked low and slow. It seemed they had drink specials for about 30 minutes on the hour. The Mojitos were pretty good.I was disappointed to learn that the fitness room cost $22 a day to use but did come with Spa access. This sort of arrangement is apparently common in Las Vegas, huh. As I only wanted a quick workout before hitting the road I skipped this option.The video check out option allowed us to skip trudging back across the casino to checkout. It was a nice touch.	
Jul 30 2007	Nice hotel TERRIBLE DIAMOND LOUNGE	We stayed at the Rio July 23-27 and had a room on the Masquerade Tower on the 36th floor. The room was bigger than average with nice views with the floor-to-ceiling windows however the sofa had a cigarette burn in it. Food at the buffets were fine, above average, and far better than other buffets I've had. The casino staff were very polite and friendly. The diamond lounge which is hidden in the high limit slot area is accessible by elevator and we had to wait since it held about 4 people at a time. When we got to the diamond lounge, it was small, had little or no food, and was not fancy at all. The lounges at Caesars and PAris are much nicer. The pools were ok, but we had one closed off. OVerall, it was a pretty good experience.	
Jul 26 2007 	Wonderful Time	We stayed at the Rio july 17th and july 18th and had a great time. We checked in at the airport desk and because it was early in the day checked our bags with the bell captain . Later that day we picked up our room keys at the front desk and within 20 minutes of our call our bags were delivered to our room. The room was very large and the entire room was very clean. Every one that we encountered at the hotel and casino was very friendly and very helpful.	
Jul 23 2007 	Great Experience	I stayed for two nights in July at the Rio. It was a free night offer I responded to that was mailed to me. I was pleased. The Rio has all suite rooms. The rooms are a bit older looking but are HUGE. Our room was on the 29th floor and was spacious. There is a large sofa (almost a sectional). A nice sized tv and a king size bed. The windows are floor to ceiling sized. We didn't get a strip view but we did have nice views anyway. The bathroom had 2 separate sink areas. One inside the bathroom and one just outside the door. I loved the vanity area and the make up mirror. The only complaint I had about the room was that the shower never was really that hot. I let the water run for a while before getting in and it still never got above lukewarm (not sure if this is due to the water saving shower head?)We took the free shuttle to the strip a couple times and that was well worth it. Just make sure to be there on time (comes on the hour and half hour). Nice size shuttle but can't hold any more than 30 people so if the line looks huge, better come back later. The staff was all friendly and professional. The free hourly shows were about 10 minutes in length each. The first show was nice and entertaining but the following shows were of the same people and similar dance routine. Basically, if you see one, you don't need to see the rest. Prime rib on the buffet is FANTASTIC. Highly recommend the restaurant, except when it is busy (serivce was not that great during their busy time).If you go, enjoy your stay, I know I did.	
Jul 23 2007 	Fourteen Nights at the Rio	I have just returned from a 14 night stay at the Rio hotel. Myself and my partner were there as he was playing in the World Series of Poker and it was very convenient for this. If you are staying at this hotel then don’t be too worried. Some of the reviews on here make you think that it will be awful, but it truly isn’t. The last hotel that we stayed in was the Wynn, so we had high expectations and in no way does the Rio compare to this hotel, but it is adequate. The Room(Ours was in the Ipanema Tower) and was newly refurbished. On the positive side, it was clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. There is a really good dressing area with huge wardrobes and a hairdryer. Our room also had a coffee pot and fridge, which was useful. The TV unit is great as it hides away whilst not in use. On the negative side – our room was on the fifth floor and the view was terrible – it was of the air conditioning units and the food delivery site – therefore no amazing sights of the strip were seen! The bathroom is tiny. The door opens inwards and nearly touches the toilet. There is barely room to get dried without your towel touching the toilet bowl. The shower is fixed to the wall so you cannot wash properly and it drenches your hair (they don’t provide shower caps unless you ask, so get some from housekeeping). Despite being refurbished many items haven’t been replaced – all the sockets and light switches are old and yellow – the bathroom fixtures are old and dirty (there is ingrained black in the tiles and grout etc. I asked housekeeping to give the bathroom a good scrub, but it wouldn’t come off!! It certainly wasn’t luxurious and my bathroom at home is much better. The windows were filthy – but with us having such a bad view this wasn’t a problem as we didn’t look outside much! The worst thing is how thin the walls are. We were woken up on numerous occasions by our neighbours. I know it is Vegas, so you have to expect noise, but to hear sounds through my earplugs was a bit of a joke really. Especially given that on one occasion we were kept awake for over two hours by a “lady of the night” if you know what I mean. We did ask to move rooms, but the front desk were unhelpful and did nothing. Luckily the two guys involved were checking out that day so it didn’t happen again.The PoolGorgeous. No problems at all. Plenty of beds, adequate shade and glorious surroundings. Cabanas are good value at $250 a day. Drinks are very expensive round the pool, but bring your own! There are hidden whirlpools and sand and waterfalls. It is truly lovely. There is music played all day – not to everyone’s taste, but you can easily bring your own ipod or block it out. No complaints. RestaurantsSports Kitchen – not really a restaurant, more a snack bar, but serving freshly made pizzas, burgers, sandwiches, hot dogs. Very nice, very quick and very convenient. All American Bar &amp; Grill – You can either sit in the bar area or in the restaurant (where the prices are more expensive). We chose the restaurant each time – very nice. Fabulous food and service. The steaks are out of this world! You are also given fresh bread and butter before your meal and this is gorgeous too – though does fill you up!! Lots of people were taking doggy bags away with them. Each steak is served with fresh veg and choice of potato – all delicious. Carnival World Buffet - Tried this for breakfast, brunch and dinner. Breakfast is by far the best time to visit. Fresh fruit, smoked salmon, tea/coffee, freshly made to order omlettes, bacon and eggs –gorgeous. There is everything you could wish for and some items that are a bit strange for brekkie – such as tacos (?) and oodles of deserts &amp; icecream. Brunch (after 11am) was a bit disappointing as all the breakfast items disappear to be replaced with Chinese and Mexican etc. Dinner was much of the same – with everything you could wish for. I loved this buffet. I miss it like mad!! Sao Paulo Café – Had the two egg breakfast here and was disappointed. I ended up thinking that I should have gone to the buffet instead. Ate lunch here twice – both times excellent. The chicken noodle soup is gorgeous. They do freshly fired spit roasted chickens, which are lovely. Big portions, but not outfacing. Room service -Had this once due to my hangover from the Voodoo Lounge. Very nice. Food delivered in 45 minutes and was nicely presented and hot. Had the chicken noodle soup again and a club sandwich. No complaints. Voodoo LoungeUnbelievable. If you are staying at the Rio then visit here at least once. The views are unrivalled. We arrived at 7pm so were lucky enough to see the view in the daylight and after dark. The atmosphere is amazing. I would definitely go back here. We were lucky enough not to have to pay for drinks (free bar) so I can’t comment on the price of drinks I’m afraid. It is an amazing place. You get in a lift and you go so high – its exhilarating. Casino Yes, it is noisy and smoky. The free show gets tired pretty quickly – not too much to do here really. The gaming floor is always busy. We didn’t gamble much – I learnt to play Craps over at the Gold Coast (which is just over the road to the Rio) $5 minimum verses $25 at Rio – I know which I prefer! It’s a terrific game and we made so much money! They should definitely start this up in the UK! What I did think was amusing at the Rio is the “bevertainers” ie the waiters/waitresses who have to sing on podiums scattered around at intervals. Its very embarrassing for them – their outfits are also very scant – they must be freezing as the air con is pretty strong! ShuttleExcellent. Never waited more than 10 minutes. There are three different shuttles to Caesars, Ballys and Paris I think. Very good service. The hotels distance from the main strip wasn’t an issue at any time as these shuttles were fantastic and saved us a fortune in taxis. Overall the Rio was a lot better than I expected after reading these reviews. If our view had been of the Strip then I would have loved my stay. It is never going to be comparable to the likes of the Wynn – it is too old and dated, but the price is very reasonable as the rooms are huge – with the exception of the bathroom! Having visited MGM &amp; Mandalay Bay &amp; Bellagio etc – at least the Rio isn’t as busy as these hotels, it would drive me mad having to wade through crowds all the time. Enjoy your trip – I’m very jealous - and bet hard eight for me! :)	
Jul 19 2007 	Good Times at the Rio	We spent two nights at the Rio Suite Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Even with a line of people at check in, we were in our room with very little wait time. The room was clean and well maintained. The maid service was all that we would expect. The food selections was as good as any we have had in Las Vegas with lots of choices to chose from.This is the first time we stayed at a hotel off the Las Vegas Strip. We had no problems moving about, getting to and from the major strip locations. The Rio is a fun spot with alots of different things going on. I would recommend this hotel for it price and comfort.	
Jul 6 2007 	Pretty good experience	Traveled to Vegas on April 1st with my husband, &quot;3 adult children,&quot; parents, brother &amp; his family, my son's girlfriend and daughter's boyfriend. We were celebrating my 50th and my mother's 70th birthday! Some of us had stayed at the Rio before and had a positive experience but I was a little concerned about pleasing a group of 13! We had no problem checking in, though we are Diamond Total Reward members and they usually treat Platinum or Diamond members pretty well. Ryan at the VIP desk was very courteous and pleasant. Our room was comped and they gave all the others traveling with us a &quot;discount&quot; rate as a courtesy. This was appreciated as Harrah's other properties like Caesar's would not budge when we asked if they would discount the other rooms. They were very accomodating and we had a larger upgraded suite at the end of the hall and our daughters' room adjoined ours. With the exception of 1 room, we were able to have the rooms on the same floor and they were all in the same tower (Masquerade). The rooms were clean and we had plenty of towels .We remembered the bellman from our last trip and he brought all 15 pieces of luggage up and delivered them promptly to all the various rooms. In fact, when we left, we requested Tim come for our luggage. He is pleasant, helpful and very accomodating. Everyone was satisified with their rooms with the 1 minor exception that the rooms that faced the front of the hotel can SOMETIMES hear traffic outside. It really wasn't a problem though. We ate at the buffets and they were pretty good but EXPENSIVE. The cafe was good and the American Grille was okay. Yes, the casino area is VERY loud! The Masquerade show in the sky is fun, but after a while all you keep hearing in your head is JLo's &quot;Let's get loud!&quot; Yes, some of the casino clientele looks a little &quot;seedy&quot; but that happens throughout Vegas. The pool area was beautiful and the lounge chairs were plentiful. My son and his girlfriend got engaged during the trip, so there was nothing that could have spoiled it for us! The staff at the Rio was accomodating friendly and helpful. Just tip to show your appreciation and they WILL remember you the next time you need something!	
Jul 2 2007 	Don't Listen to the Others!	I have no idea what the other reviewers' trips were like, as I wasn't there, but MY STAY WAS INCREDIBLE!The rooms were huge, clean and we had an awesome view over the strip which just added to the overall &quot;True Vegas&quot; ambience of the Rio.As it was a very popular casino, I didn't personally have much interaction with the staff, but when we arrived (there were dozens of us) thye greeted us warmly and made sure that we knew EXACTLY where we were going.Although, I admit, my trip was 2 years ago, I am SURE that nothing could have changed that much. The pools are amazing and the nightly shows were lots of fun.Despite what people say about it being a fair way off the Strip, true it isn't directly ON it, but seriously, 10 minute Taxi ride (at the MOOOOOST) and you're in the heart of it.I recommend it 100%Enjoy	
Jun 30 2007 	Beautiful Hotel none off-strip better	Once I saw the hotel on the website I thought it looked kind of junky due to the red and purple lights but this would have been better than the palms. So I checked out their rooms theyr'e nice suites so then I booked. When I got there parking was OK I had to park at the top. When I got in the check-in line was empty only three people stood in line.After I checked in I decided to check out the casino but I barely missed the free show in the sky. I went up to my room it was nice but it wasn't really a suite to me I thought it would have two TV's but who cares it's just me in the room. For dinner I went to try the Buffet there was a huge line waiting outside but Iv'e heard good things about it so I stood in line. This buffet wasn't what I expected it to be. I think people like it because of the lobster. Anyways, I think the buffet is overrated.Woke up next morninggot ready and went down for some breakfast at the cafe. It was good just like any other breakfast cafe. I went over to the strip I checked out the Venetian Gorgeous I have never any hotel like this in my life. Next, I went over to Bellagio to see the fountains its better to watch it night cause the fountains are a lot more visible at night.So I went back to the hotel to take a rest in my room. When I woke up I went to see Mystere that show is a must-see. After the show I wanted to see Sirens of TI but there was a huge crowd and you could not even see the performers in sight. After, I went next door to eat at the mirage's cafe it was good again just like any other cafe. I checked out of the hotel and drove back to LA.	
Jun 28 2007	Hate the Rio	I advised reservation that I going to arrive around 10 pm, however, due to the lateness of the flight I arrived at 2 am on the following morning. When I arrived at the hotel the room was not ready and the staff including the manager on duty could not provide a reasonable explanation as to why. There were also other customers complaining about their rooms. I was told I could wait for about 1 hour and a half until the room was ready or go to another hotel. I was finally able to get in the room at ten minutes after 4 am. There were several large conventions in town and they knew there were no other rooms available. Further, who would want to go looking for a room at 2am when the room you reserve should have been ready. I attempted to contact the general manager and was told he would give me a call. I am still waiting for that call. I wrote a letter to corporate management and I am still waiting to get a response. I have been waiting for about two months now. Poor customer service was just the beginng of my bad experience at this hotel.	
Jun 28 2007 	Great Stay	We stayed from 6/17 thru 6/21, booked thru U.S. Airways vacations, standard room, everything went smooth with flightsArrived at the Rio around 11am, we had the valet park the car and bellman store the bags, both were super friendly and made us feel welcome, A GOOD SIGN FROM THE GET GOWe went to the front desk to try and check in, we were met by a nice woman who informed us that our room was not ready and to check back around 1pm, not a problem, she took all the required info and asked if we had any requests, i asked for a king bed, strip view, smoking and a high floor, she entered this into the computer and we were off to explore this huge resort. We returned about 12:45 and dealt with the same woman who remembered my name and informed us that all our requests were honored and we were off to the 30th floor masquerade tower. ( I did tip her after all was said and done) and she was very appreciative.The room was awesome and everything was in great shape, we were thrilled. The view was quite impressive and the room was hugeWe are not buffet fans so no comment there. We ate at the All American Bar and Grille three times, very happy all three times, I had the King Prime Rib one night, it was huge and cooked to perfection, one of the best I have ever hadThe pool area was huge and one of the nicest i have seen, NEVER a problem finding a lounge chair no matter what time we arrived. Casino slots were not the loosest, The show in the sky was fun but got old after three or fout times but it livens the place up.We went to the VooDoo Lounge for drinks and had a blast, great views and worth checking out I have concluded that after reading reviews here that you can't please all the people all the time but i will state that we were treated like royalty from everyone at the RIO from maids, valets, bellmen, front desk and waitstaff, a job well done by allWE WILL RETURN	
Jun 24 2007 	Very disappointing	We stayed at the Rio from June 12th to 16th for a business convention. When we arrived it was early and our room was not ready so we were told to leave our bags with the bellboys outside. My husband had a laptop with him and he twisted the handle of the laptop case around the handle of his suitcase to make sure the two were not separated. I also had one suitcase. When our room was ready at 2pm, we went to the bellboys to obtain our luggage and my husband's laptop case came out on top of my suitcase! It has been removed from the top of his suitcase. They were able to find his bag a few minutes later but when we went to our room, our Sony camera had been stolen from my husband's suitcase. His electric shaver had also been opened but was still there.Our room was in the Ipenema Tower and was renovated. It was large and very clean. The safe in the room did not work well and after the camera theft experience, we did not want to leave anything there to be stolen.The casino is very dark and very noisy. One of the pools was closed and there were beer bottles and garbage floating around the edge. It was disgusting!The drinks and food was very pricy at this hotel. We went to Ceasar'sPalace and ate a lovely dinner at an Italian restaurant for much lessthan the prices at the Rio! We would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 14 2007 	A shadow of its former self...	The last time I stayed at the Rio in 2002 I was quite impressed with the rooms and the service; for a long time the Rio was struggling in its off-strip location and they made up for it with a friendly, can-do attitude and extra perks. Unfortunately it looks like the Rio has abandoned this strategy and treats you like any other strip hotel which is a really dumb thing to do since they are not on the strip. Where should I start:1) The casino is unbelievably loud. Having to practically yell while checking in/out at the front desk (and having the front desk persons yelling back at you) is not exactly a good first &amp; last impression. There is not necessarily good music blaring from every direction.2) We initially had a 5th floor room in the Masquerade Tower. The casino was so loud we could hear the thump-thump of the music all night long which kept us awake. We had to switch to a new room on the 31st floor to get away from the noise.3) The LodgeNet Internet access (which costs $10/day) was on-again, off-again the whole time we were there. My day job is a network engineer and is was NOT my laptop or my network setup.4) One of the best things the Rio ever did for itself was establish a free shuttle between the Rio and a couple of strip hotels. The drivers now ask to scan your players card if you ride it. Why? One of the drivers said that the Rio is contemplating discontinuing the free shuttle service. DUMB MOVE. Also the shuttle is not 24x7 anymore, it only runs from 10:00am to 1:00am. If you're still on the strip after 1:00am it is time to pay for a cab back to the Rio, I found this one out the hard way.5) The rooms are big but most of the space in the room is empty with few furnishings. The decor of the rooms and hotel common areas are definitely starting to show their age and are in desperate need of an update. The 3 pools are nice but sometimes 1 or more are roped off. People were going in the closed pools anyway and getting yelled at by the hotel staff.6) My wife and I gamed for an average of 6 hours a day for 3 days with our players cards at the Rio-affiliated hotels Paris and Bally's. We didn't play at the Rio at all due to the noise and obnoxious minimum bet levels. When it came time to check out and redeem our points we got a whopping $28 off our hotel bill. Gee thanks. Also finding a $10 table for any game is a chore, $15 is the norm and I didn't see a $5 table the whole time I was there.Stay somewhere on the strip for the same price or less as the Rio is not worth it anymore. I'm sure they will continue to profit off their past reputation for awhile (hey it worked with me), but they are definitely going downhill fast...	
