Apr 8 2008 	Hands down worst stay of my life and I travel A LOT for work.	I went to Vegas with a friend of mine and we were supposed to stay with a friend of mine that lived there but due to her house issues, we were unable to stay there. She said she would put us up in a hotel in which she was going to pay for so we couldn't complain.....or could we. She booked us at the Travel Lodge on Las Vegas Blvd right next to Circus Circus. It was within her budget so we had no complaints.....until we checked in. The Lady at the front counter was rude and smelt bad! We got to our room (which keep in mind, this is a motel style). Our key didn't open the door. We tried and tried and still nothing. One of us walked all the way back to the front desk to get it reprogrammed. Walked back to the Room and still would not work. By this time, I was a little frustrated. I walked back to the front desk and had her reprogram it again. She then had one of the maintenance guys go with me to make sure I was doing it correctly (like I've never stayed at a hotel before!) Got back to the room and what do you know, it opened. So the room......it stank so bad. Like the carpet was molded and someone had horrible feet smell! We dropped our luggage off and I looked at my friend and said &quot;you have got to be kidding&quot; So we checked out the room, no iron or board for one. We had a wedding to go to the next day so we needed one. The bathroom was disgusting! The ceiling over the shower was black in the corner and it spread out over almost half the shower. There was also water damage above the window and it looked all molded. The window was not shut all the way. It would not stay snug to the seal so I guess some employee wedged two pennies and a nickel in between the crack to help keep it snug. There was also a tightly folded up piece of paper stuffed into the upper gap to hold the top part of the window snug. That night, I did not stay in the hotel because of the condition. I stayed with someone else from the wedding party. We tried not to be in the room, only if it was absolutely necessary. The day of the wedding, we had to Iron our clothes. There was no iron so we called the front desk......hmmm, the phone in our room didn't work (go figure). I walked to the front desk and asked where the iron and ironing board was. There was only &quot;2&quot; for the entire hotel of 50+ rooms and we all had to share. Both were already rented out. She said she would call when they were back (if the people using them were kind enough to bring them back immediately for the rest of us to use) and I told her that the phone in our room didn't work. I explained we had a wedding to go to so she put us on priority and she would have someone bring them to our room. Much to my surprise, 10 min. later, it was in our room. The Wedding was great. Thankfully, both of us stayed with friends that night!!When we got back to the hotel to get ready to check out, that's when the [--] hit the fan. Two brand new bottles of my friends cologne were missing. They were sitting on the sink when we had left. Immediately we went through all our stuff to see if anything else was missing and thankfully, nothing was. He marched straight to the front desk and explained to the desk assistant what the problem was. She had the nerve to tell him &quot;Maybe you miss placed it, you should look in your room again&quot; My friend about hit her. He came back and told me we should do another thorough search. We looked for about an hour checking every possible place. He knew someone had taken it because he knows he left it right on the sink. Anyway, we checked out and all they did was take down his name, number and address. They didn't even offer us any type of voucher or anything (Not like I want to stay at another Travel Lodge). That was about two years ago and did he receive a call or any information on his cologne.......nope.I Beg you, don't stay there. Spend the extra $30 a night for a more quality hotel. Anywhere but there. I'll post photo's of the window and the shower at a later date as I don't have them with me now.	
Oct 8 2007	Good price but that's about it	The motel was clean, but there is construction all around. The room had a strong smell from cleaning solution and if we opened the window in the bathroom there was a dirt lot. When we booked they had told us we would be closer to the place we going to attend a convention then we actually were, so that was inconvenient, although they did give us a discount (when I asked) for the inconvenience. Also, beware of hidden charges. There is a sign that says there is a $1.99 per day fee for the phone charged in advance. We assumed that if we didn't use the phone it would be taken off-wrong! We insisted and the manager (who was very nice) removed it, but if that's a mandatory charge, why not quote that in the room price. It's not a lot but if you are staying a few nights it adds up. The room was clean enough, and the price was good, but there were some issues.	
Jul 22 2007 	Excellent location not a good experience	We had a surprisingly efficient and friendly check-in. The lobby didn't look like much, but the room was pretty okay, although a little small. The hotel's location, across from Circus Circus on the Strip, is excellent. Four things have ruined our overall experience of this hotel. First, the blankets on the beds were VERY old and had mold on it. We only discvered this late in the evening when we removed the bed covers. What kind of hotel is this, if housekeeping doesn't notice the mold on the covers (or does not care about it)? One of the mattresses had coffee stains, too, but we can live with that: coffee stains do not threaten our health.Second, the breakfast was the worst one we had on this trip. No breakfast area, and only a handful of Otis Spunkmeyer (!?) muffins, coffee and juice. If you don't have a breakfast area and are not planning to offer something whch looks like a real breakfast, don't say that you offer &quot;Bear Bites Breakfast&quot; (&quot;Travelodge wants to make sure that you are fueled up before starting your active day or else you'll be hungry as a bear!&quot; Yes, right.) This is very misleading. It is false competition to other hotels, which either say they don't serve breakfast or say that they do and actually serve something decent. Third, the hotel does not offer free wireless internet access. When we made our reservations, we had the impression that the hotel had free wifi. When re-checking the website, we found that they are not clear that you have to pay to use the internet. It seems like there are two options: wireless internet in the rooms and a paid-for kiosk in the lobby, whereas there's only the paid-for options.Fourth, we found it really annoying that every guest has to pay an additional two dollars for local calls. We didn't make any local calls, we didn't want to make local calls: why should we pay? It's not about the two dollars, it's about getting the feeling that you're staying in a hotel that tries to rip you off as much as they can.To sum up: Great location and okay rooms. No service, no breakfast, no internet, but hidden fees. Decide for yourself if you would like to stay in such a place. We won't go here again.	
Jun 21 2007	ideal for us	ideal for our annual motor cycle trip to america,we have sopped here 5 or 6 times,very basic but suits us,we were able to leave the bike right outside our door not as though we have .had any problems in the past. its situation is ideal right on the strip.very cheap compared to the big hotels on the strip where some of the reviewers try to compare facilaties,if your wanting somewhere cheap,safe and clean this is ideal if not try the hilton	
Nov 13 2006 	If you don't want to spend 2 much money or sleep a lot then this is the place!	Stayed here during the second weekend in November. When we arrived the person who helped us was fantastic (Everett)! The hotel room was fine but no free internet and the bathroom was tiny. Weird thing is that they give you shampoo but no conditioner. There is a complimentary continental breakfast but they stop serving it by about 8 or 8.30 in the morning. We only tried it on the 1st morning but couldn't get out of bed that early for the rest of our trip. The hotel itself is quite run down and is in desperate need of a face lift. The window in our room faced the back of the property which is actually a construction site at the moment. If staying during a weekday there is plenty of noise from the construction site 1st thing in the morning. Luckily this doesn't happen during the weekend mornings. Is quite far north on the strip so cost ~$10 (including tips) to get to about the centre of the strip. Some cabbies try to take you a back way but that can cost almost 3 times the usual fare so make sure you go straight down the strip! Is conveniently located to Circus Circus (opposite it on the same side of the strip). Can also get a bus from Slots a million which is almost a part of Circus Circus. Ladies who checked us out had no customer service skills whatsoever. They were not helpful at all in resolving an issue we had and from their attitudes they really didn't care. Would only stay here primaily if I didn't want to spend too much money on accomodation, if I wasn't spending too much time in the room, if someone as nice checked us in and if I didn't have to keep coming back to pick up things or change shoes to go out because the taxi fare can become quite hefty.	
Nov 10 2006 	STAY AWAY and save your money	I was there on Business and stay the night...the rate was more than usual, because of a convention in town...but the room was really BAD....It looks as if it was trashed by High school kids and never repaired...the Television did not work, I bearly touched a lamp in the room to turn it on, and it fell apart....I also found a condom by the bed, yeach...I was put off by people hanging around the parking lot after hours....The contental Breakfast was only oftered from 6 to 8 AM, and the desk clerk tried to over charge me at Check out...($144.00 for the night) My suggestion, Stay away..unless you are traveling with High School Seniors on their class trip.......This place should be demolished.	
Oct 21 2006	They even stole from me	If it weren't for the fact that housekeeping stole my pocket knife (and the front desk had no corkscrew to lend), the carpets were filthy, the wallpaper moldy, the shower backs up, and I could hear every sound the neighbors made through the the thin walls, the hotel location might make it worth the $50/night price.	
Apr 18 2006	Worse than average stay elsewhere!	After staying at the Luxor for a few days we thought we could just stay here for a night before we went to the Grand Canyon. It was ok-fairly clean, but worn. The pool was nice in the heat, but very simple as you would expect. I think there are probably better places to stay, especially after reading fellow reviews....	
Dec 4 2005	Free used condoms	After 3 wonderful nights at the Mandalay Bay and a few days hiking up at Zion National Park, we headed back to Las Vegas. Figuring a Travelodge was a safe bet for just one night before disembarking, we made a reservation. What a mistake! The room was filthy, stained, and the bathroom moldy. With several large conferences in town, finding another room was out of the question. After trying to turn on the lights, we thought that perhaps new lightbulbs were needed. The office gave us two and we tried them out. No luck. Then we noticed that they were connected to an extension cord that was disconnected from the wall behind the bed. I reached behind the bed...and touched something...squishy and slimy...and screamed. After pulling the bed away from the wall, in addition to trash, dirt, the usual - well, I had touched a used condom. I wish I would have read the reviews on this site beforehand! One more comment, the staff at the front office refused to give us our &quot;free&quot; breakfast (see another comment) because we came at 5 minutes after 8 am, when he was just locking the cabinet, and was unfriendly to boot. I am considering calling the health department and seeing what alternatives I have to prosecute. Washing my hands for 10 minutes doesn't take away the disgust that I still feel.	
Oct 18 2005	Very bad place	This is one of the worst Travelodge I have ever seen! Very old and dirty, and moreover not very chip. Ok, it is Las Vegas, but there are better place to stay, like the Motel 6. Do not stay here	
Sep 28 2005	Time for demolition	This hotel should be demolished. We stayed there once, several years ago and it was reasonable, but this time it was sickening.The bathroom was full of mold everywhere. The window wouldn't close properly. The carpet was so dirty that we couldn't walk around without our shoes on. The shower dripped the whole time. The wallpaper in the bathroom was coming off. The bedspread was full of cigaret burns and holes, in what was supposed to be a non-smoking room.The ice machine on the ground floor was not working, so we had to go upstairs to get some ice. We stayed there for 2 nights/days and during this period the stairs that led to the second floor were stinking of human urine and weren't cleaned. Simply disgusting!	
Sep 17 2005	The worst night!	For our safety, we had to evacuate the hotel at 3 AM under the escort of the night clerk because armed persons (junkies) were asking for drugs to the occupant of the room next to ours, a certain “John” (Dealer), and threatening to use their gun against him. Needless to say that we could not sleep as our lives were at that point, threatened.We called today to get a refund for our fare and in the absence of the manager, were outraged to learn from the receptionist that the night clerk had not reported the event on the hotel record. Or was he an accomplice of the dealer and the junkies?	
Aug 13 2005	What is a free breakfast ?	Having had no luck with booking the Best Western hotels, I saw an ad. for the Travelodge for$59 a night, I phoned and was told that the room cost $169 (and this included a free breakfast). The swimming pool was tiny, in the middle of the car park and filthy. The room was adequate and I was desperate to have the room (for one night). The front desk was a small room with two armchairs and a small coffee table covered in magazines.Next morning I asked where the breakfast room was and was informed by an amused clerk that this was it. The coffee was available from a pump Thermos can into a paper cup, the orange juice was in small cans kept in a small fridge and the Danish pastry came wrapped in cellophane, sickly sweet and past the sell-by date. When I complained about the lack of place to eat this &quot;Feast&quot;, I was told that my room was the best place. I have never had such appalling service from a hotel and certainly not at that price. I immediately went down the road and found the Royal Resort Hotel where the facilities were superb and the room cost $89, breakfast not included, but this was served in a proper restaurant. The swimming pool was large, properly maintained and the front desk staff were polite and extremely friendly. I will NEVER EVER use Travelodge again and will recommend any colleague or friend to do the same.	
Apr 12 2005	Horrible	My recent stay with this particular Travelodge has left me extremely unhappy. What started out as a nice weekend getaway became a three day miserable stay.Our check-in process was warm and welcoming. Which was the only part of our stay that I can honestly say was pleasant. I have stayed in Travelodge hotels before so I had high hopes that this one would also meet my expectations, especially given the area of this particular location being directly on the Las Vegas strip.I'm including pictures of the bathroom which I find most disturbing and disgusting. The window in the bathroom was inoperable. When I tried to close the window it would not budge. The shower leaked and dripped so badly that the bathroom floor was continuously covered in water. Not to mention the annoying sound of dripping water even after we shut the bathroom door. This annoyance complicated our getting a decent night of sleep throughout our stay. On the second day of our stay I went to the front desk to ask for more towels to put on the floor. I also told the attendant at the front desk that the shower dripped water constantly. To my knowledge no one ever came to look at the shower as it still dripped the morning that we checked out. Most of the wallpaper and the baseboards in the bathroom were pulling away from the wall. This problem, I will guess was caused by the constant flooding on the floor. The railing for the balcony upstairs (directly above our room) was dangling by some type of bolts. I'm shocked that people continued to park close to the hotel, near what I thought was a disaster waiting to happen. The bedspread and blanket on the bed were stained beyond what normal washing would clean and the sheets were disgusting. I can not believe that the cleanup people would allow sheets that disgusting to be placed on a bed in a hotel. Travelodge's website states that ...&quot;the Las Vegas Strip Travelodge is the ideal place for leisure travelers, seniors, convention goers and families to stay when visiting Las Vegas.&quot; I find this very ironic as I would not consider this particular Travelodge an ideal place to stay. I can honestly say that I will not stay at this hotel in the future and am leaning towards staying away from any Travelodge if this is what I will experience. My husband and I do quite a bit of traveling for business and pleasure, this is the first time I've ever felt the need to write a complaint about our stay.	
Apr 4 2005	Do not stay here!	I thought I would be safe staying with a hotel name I knew. In our area, Travelodge is a good name. They don't provide a bunch of services, but the rooms are always clean and well kept. And we were in Vegas to sight-see, not sit in the hotel room, so I was going for a basic room rather than all the fancy add-ons. Unfortunately the only good thing I can say about the Travelodge Las Vegas Strip (which is across a side street from Circus Circus) is that when I turned on the lights, nothing went scurrying into the corners.We checked in quite late after a long day of cross-country travelling and I didn't notice much of the room. But during the light of day, the sad state of the hotel became quite apparent. Please, see the pictures I have included.*The railing of the second story balcony was held together by lag bolts where it was starting to fall off, and the entire thing shook when people walked on it. There were at least two large portions of the railing held up by these large bolts.*Our room was hideous. There were several OBVIOUS spots of questionable substances on the walls. Some reddish brown stuff on one wall and a whole host of boogers and other unknown substances on the headboards and wall around one of the beds.*The carpets were green, but you could not walk around in the room without shoes on. Within 20 minutes the bottoms of my shoes were black with filth.*There was a vent covering one side of a square hole cut above the bathroom doorway. It was full of gunk. I'm not sure what it was, but it looked like someone had thrown wet toilet paper chunks at it. From the bathroom side, the vent portion was missing and more of those chunks of stuff were in and around the opening.*The wallboard/wallpaper in the bathroom was all warped and peeling and the rubber baseboard moulding was doing the same. It was like the room had a bunch of water damage that was never properly fixed, but I can't be sure.*The windowsill in the bathroom had crud from outside crusted all over it. Like someone left the windows open.*The room doors didn't seal very well. You could see the light of day around the edges of the door.Honestly, I would never stay there again, I wouldn't even recommend people I don't like staying there. It was a total waste of $300 of my hard-earned money.	
Feb 25 2005	In need of renovation	I spent two weekend nights here. The rooms and property call for a renovation. However I did not experience any encounters or incidents that would disturb me. Taking into consideration the hotel caters mostly for youngsters it was very quiet for a weekend. There sure are better places, but this was not something so bad I couldn't stand. Booking a Friday and Saturday night stays in Vegas at the very last moment this place was reasonably priced at 59$.	
Jan 19 2005	Yuck!	Stayed here 10/15-10/18. We were first timers to Vegas and quite excited about the price, however, the experience left much to be desired. We were less than pleased to find this the &quot;in&quot; spot for young locals to party and ladies of the evening to strut their stuff. The rooms were run down (carpet worn, mattress flat on one side, hair of previous occupant left in the shower) and there were several &quot;gentlemen&quot; who used the outside wall of the lobby as a urinal. I'm surprised they stay open. Will we go back to Vegas-certainly. Will we stay here again? - no way.	
Jul 3 2004	gross nasty place to stay.	stayed in travel lodge june 18 one night. this place needs a overhaul bad my husband went to get our luggage and got asked for sex in the parking lot by a prostitute cant walk out the door with out people stopping you in the parking lot wanting to know if you want to buy a diamond or ect. the rooms are very run down and way to expensive paid 72 dollars for 1 night was very upset at this prostuite infested dump!!!!!	
May 17 2009 	Non andate!		
