	Quiet alternative to the hustle 	We stayed in a 2 bedroom unit which was clean and comfortable. Beds were comfortable and the staff was very nice. The fact that it is a nonsmoking property wasvery attractive to us since it's hard to escape the smokers in the actual casino.The property is close enough to walk to MGM although we had a car, we walked mostdays to the strip.	
	Excellent accomodations and friendly service	Convenient location, close to major attractions, and in the heart of downtown. Everything you need for a comfortable stay.	
Nov 26 2009 	Exceptional Service	Great place to stay! We enjoyed the option of having the continential b'fast, the central location worked really well and the staff were very pleasant and quick to accommodate.	
Nov 26 2009 	great place to stay with kids	It was like having our own apt. in Vegas. We will stay again!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Best kept secret in Vegas	If you're looking for a great place to stay in Vegas near but not in a Casino resort this is the place. We enjoyed the continental breakfast every morning. Loved having a living room and kitchen to just hang out with friends before venturing out to the Strip. Great value for the money. We would recommend this resort and would definately come back	
Nov 25 2009 	Great Property Easy Access to the STRIP!!	This resort was very clean, lovely accommodations, the rooms were furnished with everything you needed. It is only half a block from the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino and the STRIP! It's walking distance to everything. Very friendly staff, a wonderful concierge that knew about all the discounts and where the best shows were at. I would definitely go and stay here again, and again!!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	An Oasis Just Off The Strip	Very nice one bedroom apartment room that was super comfortable and well equipped. Very quiet also even though the airport is almost next door - never head a noise with the windows/slider shut. Easy walk to the MGM, Mandalay. After staying on the strip in each of our previous stays to Vegas, we really liked the comfort, roominess and peacefulness of Desert Rose, and will make this our preferred Vegas location going forward. The only recommendation we would make is to make the continental breakfast a bit more consistent and attractive, but then there is Coco's just down the street! Great wi-fi.	
Nov 25 2009 	Perfect small hotel close to the strip with large suites and attentive staff.	Excellent value hotel located off the strip. We stayed in a lovely one-bedroom suite with well-equiped small kitchen. Staff were always helpful. The continental breakfast buffet was nice.	
Nov 23 2009 	It's like having your own vacation home in Vegas	I have stayed at the most of the major hotels on the strip, but I really enjoyed my stay at the Desert Rose. Everyone makes you feel at home, and you don't have to go through a maze to get to your room at night. The rates are affordable and the layout is condo style so you have plenty of space and privacy.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Find great price quality and service for a great price	Excellent place to stay one block off the strip in Las vegas. Well appointed, very clean rooms. Staff was very courteous and went out of their way to answer questions and offer assistance. I travel to Las Vegas 6 times a year for business and this place is a real find. No noisey slots, no crowds to bump through to get to your room, Very user friendly place with the MGM Grand and the monorail one block away. Free parking, free continential breakfast and free internet. You get the equivalent of a one or two bed room apartment with a full kitchen. This place is a real find in Las Vegas. I will be back!	
Nov 21 2009 	Revisit to The Desert Rose	My second visit here in 2 years and I've upped my rating. Not perhaps the most luxurious accommodation in Las Vegas, but best value for money and totally adequate. I had requested an upper floor room in block 3 which was allocated and available on arrival at 15:00. As ever the room was spotless and clean. Unfortunately the room was situated over a noisy air conditioning unit which as I am a light sleeper woke me up a few times. The next day I requested a change of rooms which was granted without quibble. In fact I was allowed to look at a couple of rooms before I made my choice. I then switched to a quieter room, top marks to the staff for allowing this.The breakfast is much as I remembered- adequate. The evening cocktail 2 hours (free beer and wine) has unfortunately been reduced to 4 days per week (Mon to Thurs) and they no longer have the organ player, but you can't complain really. Free internet Wi-fi is a plus.I would recommend this place to anyone unless you're looking for a party casino atmosphere!	
Nov 20 2009 	fantastic place to stayclose to strip	Stayed here for a week and really enjoyed our time here, the resort is clean and the rooms were both spotless and comfortable.The staff are friendly and helpful, the breakfast was o.k to start the day off with and the cocktail hour at night was a welcome addition.The security was also very good at the hotel we felt very safe.Good location, only about 10 min walk over to MGM Grand.	
Nov 19 2009 	Desert Rose is an oasis.	We stayed here for a weekend getaway. I have to say this was the nicest experience we have had staying in a Shell Vacations property yet. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The rooms (suites) are a nice size, with a small but full kitchen, and quite comfortable. The bathrooms were nice with a large tub, but the showers left something to be desired. Everything in our suite worked fine. When the maid failed to leave us enough towels, a quick call to the front desk took care of the problem almost immediately. Security is good, which is important being just off the south end of the strip. There is almost no overhead lighting in the suites, though, which makes them a bit dark at night. The breakfast buffet was continental but okay, and kept us going until lunch. The surprising decent Hooters casino is right next door.  The monorail station in the MGM Grand is a short walk, as is the tram at Excalibur. On the way back, it is easy to get turned around in the MGM Grand parking garage though. I would gladly stay here again and reccomend the Desert Rose to anyone except young people who want a place to party. Vegas is full of other places for you. The Desert Rose was a nice quiet retreat at the end of a busy day (and night).	
Nov 18 2009 	10 out of 10 for Desert Rose	What a beauty is all I can say about this place. If and when I go back to Vegas I would not hesitate staying again. It wan clean and comfortable, extremely affordable and only one block back from 'the strip'. It was great to be able to have some peace and quiet at the end of te day, and that's exactly what we got.	
Nov 17 2009 	Good Price Good Value	A warm and friendly Hotel with very helpful and informative Staff. Away from the glitz of the Strip but Hooters, Mandalay Bay,Tropicana, MGM and Excalibur all fairly close. The apartment was very well equipped and furnished and comfortable and quiet.Having a balcony with table and chairs was a bonus .	
Nov 13 2009 	Great value	Great place to stay. Easy walk to the Strip. Quiet and clean. Condo had lots of room for everyone. My only complaint would be the lighting in the condo. Very dark and no overhead lights. I would stay here again.	
Nov 13 2009 	GREAT FIND GREAT LOCATION	Brill hotel just behind Hooters and opposite Luxor. So perfect location to get to all the big hotels. Great Buffet Breakfast included in price. Great size rooms we had one bed apartment fo myself husband and teenage son. Just left the double bed setee up all day No prob. Dinning table and kitchen. Take a tray then you can carry your breakfast up to your room in the morning as seating can be hard to get. Pool area nice although wish mades would not choose to bang and clang cleaning round it just as you nodding off about 11. am.Reception staff adorable and so helpful. Would deff stay there again. Especially as food in vegas expensive. so breakfast a real help	
Nov 11 2009 	We've found our spot to stay when in Vegas!	My mom and I recently stayed at the Desert Rose while attending the PBR World Finals. In previous years we've stayed on the strip but opted for something quieter this time around. The Desert Rose was the perfect place to stay. It was comfortable, spacious, and very clean. We took advantage of having the full-size refrigerator, microwave and dishes which definitely cut down on our overall meal expenses. It was conveniently located close to the strip but was still quiet and gave that homey feeling. We will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 10 2009 	Very enjoyable stay at Desert Rose Resort	This is a brilliant hotel offering great value for money. OK, it's not as glitzy as some of the others in Vegas but it's clean, quiet, very comfortable and in a great location - just a ten minute walk to the MGM Grand and the monorail station. We stayed in a one bedroomed suite. It was very well equipped with a kitchen, a lounge, one double bedroom, a vanity area and a bathroom/toilet. Our only minor disappointment was the bathroom/toilet which did seem a bit on the small side. The well equipped kitchen had all the appliances to allow you to self cater if you wanted to save some money but you need a car to get to supermarkets as there are none nearby. We appreciated the huge amount of space to spread out at the end of a long day - much more than you'd get in an average hotel room. We appreciated the buffet breakfast included in the cost of accommodation and the early evening &quot;happy hour&quot; with free drinks. There was also a very good and extremely cheap self service laundry on site. The staff were extremely friendly, efficient and helpful. A bulb went in our room and was replaced within minutes of reporting the problem. If we returned to Las Vegas we would definitely choose to stay again at the Desert Rose.	
Nov 10 2009 	An Oasis from the Madness!	I had booked this hotel based on reviews on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. Although being about a 5 minute walk from the Strip, its location and low rise appearance offered a real haven from the Madness that is Las Vegas. It was a great feeling to return to the very spacious, well appointed room, and quiet room at the end of a hectic day, and not have to face into queues for check in and check out and queues for restaurants, and not to have to walk 10 miles to find the room etc. etc. If, like me, you are not a fan of large, impersonal hotels, then I would highly recommend the Desert Rose!	
Nov 10 2009 	Great place to stay in Las Vegas	This was our 14th year to go to Vegas for the PBR finals. We were tired of mile long casinos, so we checked out the Desert Rose and decided to stay off the strip and out of casinos. This was the best decision we could have made. We parked close to our room, about 60 seconds away instead of a mile away. The rooms were comfortable and very nice. A full kitchen stocked with all appliances and dishes and pots and pans.We are coming back next year and bringing more family. We really enjoyed this place and all the staff were extremely knowledgeable and friendly.	
Nov 7 2009 	most enjoyable 	John &amp; Lorraine Sheppard from Mansfield Nottinghamshire England my wife&amp; I stayed &amp; for 14 nights, we relaxed by the pool by morning &amp; early afternoon after a wonderful complimentary breakfast,fabulously clean white towels by the pool,constant cold drinks ,spacious sun bathing area &amp; hot tub without the sound of slot machines but still within a short walking distance of typical VEGAS life &amp; access to the monorail &amp; neighbouring hotels.	
Nov 6 2009 	little gem within walking distance to strip	good base for the strip, the first room smelt of smoke, but the reception staff were very good and changed the room straight away, the breakfast was good and the managers reception that was on from 5-7 mon-thur was very welcome. would def stay here again on next visit.	
Nov 5 2009 	Wonderful peaceful place to stay in Vegas	We stayed at the Desert Rose for 6 nights in October '08 &amp; also in October '09. This resort was recommended to us by a friend, &amp; is located within a 10 minutes. walk from the strip. Beautiful condo, very well maintained &amp; very clean. All appliances are also very clean. Nice quiet retreat after spending time on the Strip. In addition to all the amenities, they also provide a free complete breakfast every morning. Excellent location; 10 minutes drive from the airport. The pool is heated &amp; has a very well maintained BBQ area. All the staff members are very friendly &amp; very helpful. We highly recommend &amp; we will go back again. Ginette &amp; Michel from Calgary.	
Nov 5 2009 	Comfy modern safe cost effective - close to the strip but like an island resort.	We have stayed at the Desert Rose Resort and have always enjoyed our stay. The free continental breakfast is fine although the bagel boy at breakfast is a little bossy ('only one bagel on the toaster tray please' - a sign would help). The hotel is just a block from the south end of the strip so you can walk (MGM, Luxor). We always rent a car because you can park close to your room and park anywhere in Vegas - it's all free. Security is around at all times and there is a safe in each room for extra cash and passports. We have stayed at Circus Circus (yuk), The Stratosphere (bit to far on the north end of the strip) and The Bellagio (what can I say but perfection). Still we prefer our little Desert Rose Resort - a wonderful break away from the lights, noise and craziness that is Vegas.	
Nov 4 2009 	Our second visit was better than the first!	My husband and I spent 5 days here in Oct, and had a wonderful , relaxing holiday in Las Vegas. Our room was top notch and the bedding was very comfy. From check in to check out we had no complaints. We stayed here last year with our 6 yr old daughter and had a great time, and had an even better experience this time on our own. I really enjoyed the evening reception as last year having our daughter with us, I only drank pop, this year I enjoyed a few beers poolside or in the hot tub. With all the hustle and bustle Vegas has to offer, its nice to have a quiet place to return to at the end of the day. This is a great resort for families, since there is no casino. The pool is nice and clean, and the hot tub was just what we needed for some relaxation. We will definitely stay here again when we return to Vegas, with or without our daughter....and highly recommend it to anyone!	
Nov 2 2009 	Heaven in Sin City!	We have a reunion every year gathering from coast-to-coast in Canada. Me and my cousin, the vivacious young adventurers, and my mother and her two sisters, all over 80. It's the perfect getaway. The sisters would get up and enjoy the complimentary breakfast every morning and meet guests from all over the world. The pool is a relaxing oasis where we would meet every day to make plans for shopping, shows, site-seeing, and of course our endless Scrabble tournaments. Mom and I would would then say good night to the gals and go gambling until 3am every night. Together we span 3 generations and it was perfect for all of us. See you next year.	
Nov 2 2009 	Loved this hotel	I just returned from an almost annual Las Vegas trip. I found the Desert Rose last year, after I had already booked a different hotel. I saw the reviews here on Trip Advisor, and was really looking forward to our stay here. It was great! The room was extremely clean, and well-kept. We only had one very small issue, and that was communicating with housekeeping. As seems to be usual in Las Vegas, most of the housekeeping staff is non-English speaking. Even though they say &quot;OK&quot; they really haven't understood you. I would recommend calling housekeeping, to resolve issues.The pool is great... check-in was delayed only a little, as they were full the night before and thus we waited until the official check-in time of 4:00 until the room was ready. Since this hotel gets such great ratings, I would imagine it is always full, and so you should plan to get there around 4:00.The pool was excellent. It was clean, well-kept also, and there were chairs and towels easily available.The continental breakfast was a lovely addition. Offerings were constantly re-filled, and varied a bit from day to day. I imagine almost everyone would enjoy this.I have one very strong recommendation... we were assigned to room 2217, and told it had a great view of the pool. This was true, however, if you wish to sleep in the evening, or after 6:00 in the morning, REQUEST A DIFFERENT ROOM!! The speakers for the pool are right under the master bedroom &amp; blast music until 11:00 at night. If this is not an issue for you, then go ahead. Also, there are loud conversations from the gym, between housekeepers, and pool guys, and people preparing the breakfast, starting at 6:00am. If you hate earplugs, REQUEST A DIFFERENT ROOM!We will DEFINITELY stay here again, however, we will be sure to request a different room.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic Hotel. Would stay there again.	We arrived after a very long flight from Barbados. Everyone was very helpful. Always happy and pleasant. The room was very comfortable and clean. It was like home away from home with a full kitchen. Large stove and fridge and dish washer. Nicely laid out plan. Excellent contiental breakfast. Felt very safe at Desert Rose. Excellent Location. Walking distance to the Strip. Fifteen minutes drive to Boulevard Mall. Would stay there again for sure.	
Oct 28 2009 	Ideal location very comfortable excellent value	Thoroughly enjoyed our recent stay. Hotel environment was pleasantly quiet but very close to all that the Strip has to offer. Spotlessly clean, staff helpful, continental breakfast perfectly adequate. Very comfortable accommodation at a competitive price.	
Oct 28 2009 	This place is a treasure.	We read and trusted previous reviews and booked a 4 night stay. Since we drove from Texas, it was hard to predict when we would arrive. We actually arrived in Las Vegas a day earlier than our reservation. The Desert Rose people were able to give us our room early and only charged half the regular rate for that night!! This place did not disappoint. The room was lovely and well appointed. Everything was immaculate. It is easy walking distance from MGM where we ate breakfast at Studio 24 and dinner at Rainforest Cafe.The Desert Rose is quiet and comfortable. There are no long waits for elevators that you have at the large hotels. The hot tub is great. Over all you can't ask for better. P.S. We came for the AARP convention and are 70 &amp; 73 years old.	
Oct 28 2009 	Pleasant Stay Roomy Rooms	We enjoyed our stay at the Desert Rose. The suites were roomy at over 600 square feet and very affordable for all you receive. A full kitchen was included with full-size fridge, stove, coffee maker, blender, microwave, and all cookware and utensils. TV’s (older CRTs) were in both the living room and bedroom, and a DVD player with stereo system in the living room. Furnishings were very modern and attractive. The rooms were very clean, though showing their age a bit from the battered baseboard moldings. Internet access was free, though a bit slow @ 268 kbps. The “big” hotels charge you daily for any Wi-Fi use. Continental breakfast was free daily in the lounge, though the only hot items were toast and instant oatmeal with hot water. Only two toasters were available (one with the controls secured with duct-tape), so you had to wait a bit when it was busy. I would recommend they add an additional toaster, at least.The staff was very nice, attentive, and helpful. The “convenience” store” was open 24/7, a nice touch, though grossly overpriced. A free USA Today paper was included though you’ll need to be sure to grab one in the morning as they will be gone by noon.The Desert Rose is conveniently located immediately behind the Hooters Hotel and Casino, which is across the street from the MGM and its monorail terminal.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Place	We checked in late and were upgraded to a 2 bedroom. Rooms were large and very comfortable. Nice large soaking tub for a long day of flying. We will always stay here when in Las Vegas.	
Oct 27 2009 	Did not disappoint	We chose this hotel based on the reviews it received on Trip Advisor and were not at all disappointed. My husband and I along with another couple shared a two bedroom, two bath suite. It was perfect! It made making plans much easier and maximized the time we were able to spend together since we live in different states. My husband and I arrived first and got there at 1:00. We were able to check in if we were willing to accept a handicapped accessible room. That was fine with us since we were prepared to have to wait until 4:00 to check in. About 10 minutes after we checked in we received a call from the front desk to make sure our room was satisfactory. Our friends were able to get their own room keys by just giving their names to the front desk. The walk to the strip was an easy walk and it was very near the city bus stop (we took the bus to Sam Boyd stadium for the U2 concert) and near a monorail stop as well. Even though the resort was located close to the airport, we were not kept awake by the planes leaving and taking off. We were worried about that because my husband is a light sleeper. The breakfast was light, but adequate. They had toast, danishes, cereal and either fruit or yogurt to offer. There was also coffee, soft drink and juice. The room was a little crowded, but we were able to find a seat and there was adequate seating outside or we had the option to take the food back to our rooms. There is a small convenience store located near the front desk which came in handy after a long night out on the town. We did wish we could have purchased beer there, however. Overall, we were extremely pleased with our stay at the Desert Rose and will definitely stay there again!	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic Rooms - Close to the strip	We stayed at the Desert Rose for 3 nights. The room was excellent, more like an apartment then a room. Breakfast was ok, we only managed it one morning as they stopped serving at 9am, which is rather early when you are partying in Vegas!! We didn't want to be disturbed by the maid, so we put our SSH we are sleeping sign on, everyday they cleaned and tidied our room when we went out in the afternoon, which to be honest we didn't really expect! We took advantage of the Managers drinks and the free internet in reception. All in all an excellent place. Would definately stay here again.	
Oct 25 2009 	Just OK	We stayed at Desert Rose for a week in September. We had 2 bedroom/2 bathroom suite. First, we had to switch the room because it was located at the ground floor by the entrance gate. Metal door kept banging all hight long. The other room was much better with different layout. The swimming pool is sad, very small. Kids swimming pool was occupied by old ladies. I was getting &quot;oh! kids! in vegas! in the pool while I'm here&quot; kind of looks. Breakfast is a joke. Disgusting coffee (proudly served by Starbucks name), toast, apples. I asked for a cream cheese but they said they give cream cheese only with bagels and bagels were not on the menu that morning. Next time we are in Vegas we will not choose this hotel. There are much better resorts.	
Oct 25 2009 	A gem!	Spent 9 nights at the Desert Rose in late October. Weather was very good (a few degrees higher than seasonal norm - mid 80's most days).Flight - Arrived mid afternoon after the direct Virgin flight from Gatwick and room was waiting for us. The flight is great as it's direct but the downside of this is that everyone is going to Vegas so a) it's full so don't expect any spare seats and b) some of the passengers took too much advantage of the free drink so it felt a bit like a rowdy all-inclusive resort. Also the seat pitch in economy is poor - much worse than other airlines to the US and Carribean.Rooms - The rooms are in three storey blocks around the swimming pool and are fantastic. Plenty of space and loads of cupboard / storage space. We had a one bedroom apartment which has a lounge /kitchen diner and then a large bedroom with bathroom. Both rooms have a Phillips TV which have loads of US news and sports channels but also HBO and TNT so you can always find a film to watch. The kitchen is extremely well equipped with everything your kitchen at home - holiday places in the UK could certainly learn a lot (i,.e. salt and pepper / washing up liquid supplied) so you don't need to buy any of that when you arrive. Some takeaway/delivery leaflets were also supplied which we used once and was very good. The bed was very comfortable. Pool - The pool got quite busy and on certain days it was a rush to get a bed - again you get the usual inconsiderate ones who bag the bed then go off for the morning - but to the resort's credit the manager came round and removed the towels! The water was not to bad - OK once you got in. The jaccuzzi was very good and very warm. Breakfast - an added bonus was the continental breakfast and free coffee throughout the day. Basic but you don't really need a full breakfast with the ginormous portions you get when you go out to eat!Manager's drinks - this was a nice addition from 5-7 pm Mon-Thurs (not sure why they don't do it at the weekend - perhaps they were worried about all the people from the Virgin flight drinking them out of house and home!). Beer and wine - but good quality. Most people gave a dollar per round as a tip. It was a good way for a lot of people to meet others staying at the resort.Location - as most people have said the resort is a block from the Strip so takes a about 10 mins to walk. You can also go in the back of the MGM (valet and check in) which is handy for the monorail. The only downside is that unless you have a car there are not any decent grocery stores nearby. There are a couple of convenience stores so you can get drinks, snacks etc but no fresh meats, salads bits etc. The only one suggestion I would make to the management is to open a snack bar by the pool for lunches / drinks and they would make a fortune.Overall - a brilliant resort away from the madness of the Strip. Would definitely recommend.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great suite	The suite was extremely well outfitted and clean. We loved it. No loud slot machines in the lobby, just a quiet clean room. The morning breakfast was a nice addition. Less than 10 minute walk to the strip (MGM Grand).	
Oct 23 2009 	Fantastic quiet location but near to all the sights of Vegas	The dessert rose one bedroom says for 4 people ok for familys but not for couples as bath and toilet are in bedroom and none inthe other room . The staff upgraded us at cost and it was great in a 2 bed 2 bathroom manythanks to Niecha. The Dessert Rose is in great quite locationbut near to all Vegas hes to offer would love t o stay again .Tipsget out of Vegas and see some great places.	
Oct 22 2009 	A perfect refuge from the chaos of the Strip	We stayed at the Desert Rose for seven nights with our three kids, aged 15, 12 and 9. Our 2-bedroom suite was spacious, clean, and very quiet (even though it overlooked the pool area). Hard to believe that the MGM/Excalibur/Tropicana/New York corner was only 5 minutes walk away.We spent most of our days and evenings seeing Vegas on foot, and by monorail and bus, so it was blissful to return to the Desert Rose for some peace and quiet. Great value for money!Just one tip - There aren't many seats in the breakfast area, so try and get there early.	
Oct 21 2009 	Comfort and convenience -- a quiet oasis	The resort was everything it advertised. We very much enjoyed the suite, the location and the service personnel. Breakfast buffet was perfectly adequate -- it gets more crowded later in the week. The cocktail hour was also a nice benefit. We would stay here again and would certainly recommend it.	
Oct 21 2009 	Wonderful Experience	We just returned yesterday from 6 days at the DRR, our stay was perfect. We found it online and booked it after reading the reviews. The Desert Rose was not a disappointment, we had a 1 Br condo and it was roomy, impeccabley clean (as was the entire property), quiet and in a perfect location. The staff could'nt have been more accommodating or nice and we would not hesitate to stay again. The continental breakfast was great, (people who complain about it must not understand what a continental breakfast is) and the coffee was the best. Our only complaint was the rude Europeans who would push you out of the way to get to a bagel (they would also take enough food back to the rooms to hold them over for the winter) and who would go out to the pool at 8am and grab up all the lounge chairs even though they wouldn't return to the pool until hours later. That being said I would not let this negative keep me from staying there again or from recommending this resort to family or friends.	
Oct 21 2009 	The best value in Las Vegas fabulous roomy suites and very modern and clean.	Desert Rose Resort is just a short walk from the strip. We stayed 10 days and will definately be back. The 2 bedroomed suite was very spacious and very clean also a kitchen where all appliances were new. There was also a free buffet breakfast thrown in but go down early as after 8.30am it tends to get very busy. The staff were very friendly and helpful. It is great value and much cheaper than hotels and loads of room. I saw it first on trip advisor.	
Oct 21 2009 	Almost 5 out of 5 - Incredible value	For location and price this place cant be beaten. The suites are superb, large, comfortable, clean and with lots of nice touches. Beats many Hamptons I have stayed in into a cocked hat. Great and friendly welcome too.The only failing is the bun fight, I mean breakfast buffet. I took one look at the mass of people and stuck my fingers in my ears and walked away but then for a place this size and so popular I guess its to be expected. If and when I ever come back to LV I will head here, no question.	
Oct 19 2009 	This was a great suite!	The location was very convenient to many attractions, the room was clean and very comfortable, PLUSH bedding! Great water pressure and hot water. Hot tub was hot, not luke warm like many other places. The gym had high quality machines. The complimentary breakfast was very good, nice selection that changed each day. I was very happy with the resort.	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent place for one night or longer	We flew into Las Vegas and were only staying one night and then taking a lengthy road trip to the Grand Canyon and envrions. Well treated by the staff and given every assistance to ensure not only our stay was pleasant but that we could quickly get on the road the next day. Very large suite and spotless. For those staying longer, the kitchen area in the suite was very well appointed. If our plans had allowed, we certainly would have returned here to end off our trip to Vegas. Close to the strip (walking) but far enough away to avoid the crowds. Excellent breakfast and a place suitable for families. A definite spot to stay when we revisit Vegas.	
Oct 19 2009 	100% impressed!	Best place we have stayed in Vegas for the price! Loved the GREAT rates you can get if you book early. Hope they continue to offer reasonable rates as they grow in popularity!	
Oct 18 2009 	fantastic	We stayed here for a week and got an amazing deal on Expedia. You pretty much get an apartment per couple with an en suite bathroom, fully equipt kitchen and tv/lounge area. Breakfast is basic but good value (breakfast hall got a bit crowded) but if you fancy an all American brekkie there is an amazing diner called 'Coco's Lounge' just down the road where we went 3 times and always had great food. The apartments are in a good location off the strip, a stone's throw from the MGM Casino and it was quite nice being away from the madness for a bit. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 17 2009 	A place you might call home	Recently my wife and I had the pleasure of staying at the Desert Rose in Las Vegas while attending a convention hosted by our local Union. Having stayed at the Desert Rose previously we were aware of the careful attention they provide to their guests. However, this stay was a special experience in the way we were accomodated. The Desert Rose recognizes their elite members in a way that certainly makes you realize that you are being cared for. From the delivery of our breakfast each morning to the extra mile taken in helping us get our business taken care of the Desert Rose is truly a home away from home. One can certainly appreciate the consideration given by these folks when you are in a place that has the frenzy and glitz that can easily add more caos than relaxation. Thank you again for a job well done. We would not hesitate to recomend this location to anyone looking for a reward in Las Vegas.The Grears	
Oct 17 2009 	Wonderful	I went to Vegas to marry the love of my life in Oct./09, we stayed the 5th and then went to the Luxor for the rest of the week , if we had not had the rooms compted we would have stayed at the Desert Rose. Their rooms are nice and spacey like me,(ha,ha)with a great location right near the MGM Grand. They really care about the customer and if there is a problem, they take care of it right away. I had my wedding cake made from scratch and brought it to Vegas, I needed to keep it refrigerated until the 7th and they did it ! When I return to vegas I will be stay at the Desert Rose every time. If Trump or Mr. Wynn were to compt me an executive suite at any of their hotels in Vegas, I would stay at this resort for sure. THEY ROCK..........GO CHECK IT OUT.......YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 16 2009 	Faultless accommodation in great location	We could not fault this complex. Great location just off the Strip, all the amenities you could want and great value for money, highly recommended!!!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Convenient and Reasonable	Stayed here with my daughter, her husband and 2 young children (4 yrs &amp; 18 mos. in a 2 BR suite the night before our flight back to Atlanta. It was so nice that the hotel staff at the front desk offered to print our boarding passes for us so we didn't have to wait for an available computer or print them at the airport. Our suite was very nice and clean, except the carpet was old and stained and the sofa was stained and lumpy. They said they were in the process of updating their rooms but had not gotten to this building yet. My advise would be to ask for an updated room when making reservations. If we had been staying more than one night we would have asked to be moved to a newer suite. We liked having the car close to our room so we did not have to valet park or have to walk a long distance to a self-park garage like you have to do at the big hotels.	
Oct 15 2009 	Not as close to Strip as they say but a nice place.	This &quot;resort&quot; is not as close to the strip as they say. It is basically behind and across the street from the MGM. We got more walking in than we bagained for. We had a one bedroom suite, with the bathroom accessed through the bedroom. A nicely stocked kitchenette which we didn't really use. Maids washed the few dishes that we did use. We were there to celebrate our daughter's 21st birthday. When we take our son, we'll stay in a casino on the Strip, probably Bally's or Paris. Small pool	
Oct 14 2009 	A secret gem	This is our second stay here, 4 days last year and two weeks this time. Always a great stay, daily maid service, great team and located very conveniently to the strip without the noise. Stayed in a two bedroom suite with two bathrooms and lots of room. We are recommending this place to everyone we know and am surprised that a lot of people we spoke to on our travels had never heard of the place. It represents excellent value for money.	
Oct 14 2009 	Will definitely go back!	I stayed with my my family kid, spouse and parents around Christmas time. It was fairly full. The rooms are clean and good size. The full kitchen was ideal for us including utensils &amp; dishes. The staff is friendly and they even brought a whole new set of non-stick pans for our kitchen when we pointed out upon moving that teh ones already in there had teh non-stick coating chipepd off. The breakfast buffet is excellent. They provide a vareity of food choices. It is same but it is so worth it for no extra charge! I will be goign back again this year! Free wifi in the room too!	
Oct 13 2009 	Yearly Girl's Trip off the Strip!!!	We picked this hotel because all 5 of us would be able to stay together. As soon as checking in we went straight to the grocery store around the block and stocked up for our 4 day stay in Vegas. We ate breakfast and lunch at the hotel and dinner on the strip. It was perfect!!! They had happy hour by the pool every night with free drinks. Not top shelf, but enough to get the night started! We had everything we needed in the hotel for the 5 of us to be comfortable including all cooking utensils! Staying off the strip was perfect! When out and about we did the &quot;Vegas thing&quot;, but when we were done it was nice to come back to peace and quiet!!! Definitely recommend this hotel!!!	
Oct 13 2009 	A pleasure... highly recommended!	What a gem! After 3 weeks of Utah tent camping, we had a relaxing 3-night stay before flying home. The location was excellent, staff friendly, the room was clean and comfortable, kitchen a big bonus... will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 13 2009 	Good Value for the Price	We wanted a place just off the strip that you would not have to walk through a casino to get to your room. This facility fit the bill. Was a block from MGM and was in back of Hooters. Place was quiet which was amazing as it was not to far from the airport and within the flight path of the tour helicopters. Very good continental breakfast but get there before 8 am to beat the crowds. Front desk is very helpful with needing cabs and the response time for the cabs was just a few minutes. Our room was a suite (I beleive most are) and was very comfortable and had lots of space. Overall good place to stay.	
Oct 13 2009 	Fantastic	Well what can I say that others havent, what a great choice for our first visit to Vegas. From the moment we checked in, it was brilliant staff from cleaners to reception always had a smile and a genuine greeting, rooms were very comfy and spacious and kitchen had every possibe appliance you needed apart from Washer but hey theres a laundry on site if you really need it. Pool area always clean and we never went without a sun lounger in the 2 weeks we were there, saying that did get busy at weekends. Desert Rose a great place to come back to after the hustle and bustle of the strip. It takes about 15-20 minutes to walk to the begining of the strip, less if your younger and fitter. Deuce bus takes you along the entire strip with hop on hop off 7 dollars for 24 hours. Great place if like us, you are staying for 1 or 2 weeks. although you don't pay for it there is a breakfast every morning of Cereals toast, croissants, jam, marmalade peanut butter and juices. Coffee is available all day for free which is a massive bonus as is the managers happy 2 hours Mon - Thurs where beer and wine in available at no cost yes NO Cost anyone want further info just email me. would I go back DEFINATELY !!!!!!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Bargain for what you get.	Only stayed one night here but from what I experienced no fault could be given.Rooms were massive and fully furnished and clean but make sure you request non-smoking as one room in the party did smell of stale smoke.Breakfast is included of which was your standard continental but did the job nicely.Location was a 5 minute walk to Hooters.	
Oct 12 2009 	Fabulous!	My hubby and I stayed here for 2 weeks in September and loved every minute of it! We stayed and got married in the Vention last year and as lovely and beautiful as the Venetian is...I would choose the Desert Rose again due to the value! We checked in quickly and were made up with our room: spotless, comfy and everything we could have needed for our 2 wk trip, it really was a home away from home! Breakfast was fab, best to be early as any time after 8am can get crowded but pleanty of food to go around, also Managers reception was great, free beer, wine, soft drinks &amp; snacks! The lobby has free Starbucks coffee all day! The only thing negative is there isnt enough sunbeds around the pool, if you got there any later than 8 am (which was the time it opened and you had to join a que of people!!) there was towles on every sunbed and you were stuck with a chair or sometimes nothing! The hotel is situated behind Hooters and the Tropicana, it was about a 10 min walk to the main strip but we would cross at the back entrance the the MGM (over from Hooters) and cut through the MGM lobby &amp; casino as it was nice and cool! We love Vegas so much and planning a few nights next year when we travel around California and we would choose the Desert Rose over any hotel in Vegas!	
Oct 12 2009 	What a great place with a great location and excellent value!	This was my first stay at the Desert Rose Resort. We came for the Barrett-Jackson Collector Car Event. Very nice place to stay with all the amenities you could possibley want or need! Close to the Airport and the Strip with very affordable prices. Any time I'm heading to Vegas I'm staying here!Sincerely,DellHouston,Texas	
Oct 12 2009 	The place to be!!!!	This is my 2nd time this year staying here. I love the location. Close to everything. Very family oriented. Quite, relaxing, rooms are super spacious. The staff is very nice and helpful. Excellent price!!!! Would stay again next trip to VEGAS!!!! 2 Thumbs up!!!	
Oct 11 2009 	Great location and friendly service - Hidden gem	Stayed for a week with husband and 2 friends in 2 bedroom unit. Room was clean and quiet, beds were comfortable and we had plenty of room for the 4 of us. Living/dining room is not large but Parents came for a day and we still didn't feel crowded with 6 people. All of the staff members we came in contact with from front desk to housekeeping were friendly and exceptionally helpful. Had no trouble checking in or out and no maintenance problems to report. Had a nice workout facility, a clean Pool and towels were provided, which is a plus (less to pack!). Resort is a quick walk, maybe a block, to south end of Vegas strip (MGM, Tropicana, Luxor, Excaliber, Mandalay Bay, etc.) so we hardly used our rental car other than to go to grocery store and downtown. Continental breakfast was served every day and was decent. We will definitely stay here again when we return.	
Oct 10 2009 	It was a great place to stay convenient to the strip and clean.	The hotel was clean and had a full kitchen. There was a good breakfast buffet. Plenty to pick from to start your day, you just had to be careful to get there before it was closing up, because it closed right on the minute it stated. The location was walking distance to the strip, where you could easilly catch a bus or train.	
Oct 10 2009 	great value	This was my second stay at Desert Rose, but it won't be my last. Talk about fantastic value...I found a sale on Expedia for only 90 dollars Canadian, after taxes for a two bedroom unit. The hotel provides breakfast. The place is spotless. The rooms are not overly large, but are spotless. Most of the guests appear to be time share people. You will need a car to get around as the hotel does not have a shuttle to the strip. It is just over a half mile to the strip and then you could take a bus along the strip if you wish. Or the monorail stop is just a block away if you prefer. But we found that a car was the most convenient way to get around Vegas. The staff at the hotel is amazing. Nothing is too much trouble for them and they always are smiling and saying hello. You could tell that the hotel is starting to do a bit of cost cutting as the breakfast this year did not have ham slices and boiled eggs each day the way they used to last year (only periodically now). But it is still a good filling breakfast and if you can find fault with it, then you should be staying home!!I love the idea of having a full kitchen and a living room and dining room when I travel. You can save a lot of money!!The only complaint I have ever heard about the Desert Rose is that the pool water is always cold. On this stay the weather was 105, but no one was going in the water as they said it was too cold. The loungers around the smallish pool were filled by 10 am.I would not recommend this place to you if you are hoping for a water type holiday. But if you are in Vegas to see the sights, then this is the hotel for you. It has the most comfortable beds. I'll definitely be going back there!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Little tired but good value	The Desert Rose is a nice place no doubt. No frills but good value! Good location off the Strip, but close enought o walk to some of the main attractions. The hotel offered free breakfast but usually ran out of quite a few items way too soon. The pool was not heated, which was a pity, and the rooms were rather tired with some what stained carpets and faucets coming out of the wall in the shower. However, this is a nice place to stay anyway. Good size rooms, well-equipped kitchen, nicely decorated, spacious bathroom and up-to-date amenities on the property. Your dollar is well spent at the Desert Rose! Enjoy!	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent value and location and very close to the strip	This hotel is right off the strip located by Hooters and less than a block from MGM Grand. It is on the MGM Grand and Hooters side. The hotel staff were very accomodating. They let us check in hours before our check in time as we arrived earlier. They were very friendly. This hotel is a great value for what you get. We had a two bedroom suite. Each bedroom had large closets, windows, and large comfy beds. There were three tv's in the suite. The master had it's own bathroom and there was another bathroom on the other side of the suite. The room had a full kitchen and dining area. It was very clean. The hotel is not a large resort and offers no restaurant. There is a pool. It was too cool in April to use it. There is a continental breakfast each morning. It was a short walk to the MGM Grand tram system. We used that for most of our long distance traveling up and down the strip. We did not rent a car the four days we were there. I would definitely stay here if you want to be off the strip but still close. It is a nice quiet hotel without the smokey casinos. Great location. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fabulous stay at the DR - 5 Star comfort 	From check in to check out this hotel aims to please. Our small family reunion was fun and affordable. We even cooked one night and had every utensil and appliance necessary. Can't recommend this jewel highly enough.	
Oct 9 2009 	The staff at the Desert Rose does everything possible to make your stay enjoyable.	The Desert Rose Resort is a great place to stay in Las Vegas if you have children with you. You are off the strip, but close enough to walk to everything. You do not have the crowds or a casino on premises. The staff is very accomodating and helpful. The continental breakfast is good and the facility is clean.	
Oct 8 2009 	Cozy and Comfortable	I stayed at this hotel just this past May with 2 friends and my boyfriend, and it was perfect. We got a 2 bedroom suite, that had more than enough room for all of us. There were 2 full bathrooms, a sleeper couch in the living room, kitchen, dining area, balcony, and 2 decent-sized very comfortable beds in each bedroom. The only downfall to the hotel is the walk. If you have a car, it's marvelous and located like a couple blocks away from the strip, but walking is a little different because one block in Vegas is huge. So bring your running shoes! The desert rose also has a pool and a jacuzzi located inside for all the visitors to use which is nice if you just feel like relaxing during your trip. The desert rose isn't necessarily a party hotel, it's more of a family/lounging kind of place. So it wasn't that big of a deal going out with my friends at the other hotels, and walking back to the desert rose which was quiet and a nice change of pace after all the hustle and bustle of the city. I would definitely recommend the desert rose for those who don't mind the distance. Honestly, it was a lot nicer than even a room we partied in at the Mandalay Bay and three times cheaper.	
Oct 8 2009 	Exceeded my expectations. FANTASTIC hidden Las Vegas Jewel!	This property is just fantastic. Clean, well appointed, comfortable and the rooms are enormous given the average Vegas room. The strip is great., and the resorts are fantastic, but if you're looking to maximize your dollar in Vegas, the Desert Rose is the way to go. Like you, I read these raving reviews on Trip Advisor and wondered could it possibly live up. Well it actually exceeded my expectations. With the money we saved on their rates, we were able to enjoy a fabulous 4 Diamond Vegas dinner, and a trip to the Grand Canyon. And we never felt out of the way. We could easily be INSIDE the MGM Grand in 5 minutes walking. Unless I just have money to burn, I'll always stay at the Desert Rose. You won't be disappointed.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Hotel for the location and the price.	I found this place online and based my decision to stay here on the reviews it received. I was not disappointed. Upon arrival I notice how close(walking distance)it was to the strip. Checking in was quick and simple and the staff was very friendly. There were six of us in a 2 bedroom 2 bath suite and when we entered the room we were very happy. There was plenty of room for everyone to sleep and put away their belongings. The room was clean and we had a balcony that faced the parking lot which was nice too. They offered a simple breakfast in the morning which was good so you can eat a little something before going out for the day. Although we did not use the pool during the day, it appeared to get full quickly so it's a good idea to get there early to get a seat. We went to the pool on our last night in the late evening and it was pretty much empty and the family and I had a great time. I would definitely stay here again. If you are looking for a family friendly place or something that doesn't have a casino this is the place to stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Brilliant stay at the Desert Rose Resort	We decided to stay here based on the previous reviews and given the price compared to the bigger strip hotels. The location is perfect, just 5 min from the MGM and the strip but far enough away to be very quiet at night. There is plenty of parking and we were able to get parked next to our rooms every day. The rooms are huge with separate living and sleeping areas. They are also well stocked and the housekeeping staff keep them very clean and tidy (even putting on the dishwasher for us while we were out). The only small gripe that i would have is that the pool area is quite small and there are not enough sun loungers so there tends to be a mad rush for beds in the morning. Other than that could not fault the place and would definitely be back for another stay in the future.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent value and location!	My family stayed at the Desert Rose Resort for one night, and it was amazing. We got the 2-bedroom suite at less than half price, so we were not expecting much from the suite. However, we were extremely surprised when we got there, and the suite was absolutely spacious and clean. We loved it and wished we had planned a few more nights in Las Vegas just to enjoy the resort. It's located just off the strip, so the lights and noise did not bother us, but we were close enough that it was within walking distance. Also, the gym was adequate for a simple workout, with a few machines, and the complimentary breakfast was very good. If we ever go back to Las Vegas, we will definitely be staying at this resort again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Convenient Location but...	The Good: location, service and value.The Bad: We rented two 2-bedrm suites and both were not very clean (dirty couches and bugs). Our rooms had thin walls. You can clearly hear a person's conversation in the hallway and also the constant humming of the ice machine at night.Perhaps our stay would have been better in a different area of the resort. I would avoid the rooms near the front parking lot.	
Oct 6 2009 	Loved it!	We had a great stay at the Desert Rose Resort, especially for the price. It was nice to have 2-bedrooms and comfortable living space; living room and kitchen. Our teenage kids loved the pool area, and the idea that they could buy snacks from the little shop anytime of the day or night. They were impressed with the comfortable 'at home' feeling. The staff was very friendly, especially the room attendants. We would look to stay here again the next time we come to Las Vegas. It was conveniently located close enough to the strip to walk to easily.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great place close to the strip but definitely isn't the Las Vegas strip!	Thank you for a nice relaxing and beautiful place to stay during our anniversary. The Desert Rose had very friendly and helpful staff, nice amenities in the room, and a comfortable atmosphere. We could be part of the Las Vegas scene when we wanted to and then could definitely be away from the scene when we wanted that. I definitely recommend this resort as a great place to stay while in the Las Vegas area.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great value for money in Las Vegas	After being turned off by the price of the famous hotels on the Strip for the week we wanted to visit, we read the reviews on Trip Advisor to find an off-strip hotel in Vegas. We're really glad we did, the Desert Rose Resort is a gem of a hotel very close to the back of the MGM Grand. Don't come here if you want your hotel to have the huge Vegas buffet breakfasts/lunches and dinners, but if you want a clean hotel, with excellent pool, good size rooms, easy access to the strip, free continental breakfast, helpful staff, no long queues to check in, and an affordable price then this is the one for you. Previous visits to Vegas I have stayed on the Strip (Luxor most recently), and while that is an experience, I will always try and stay at the Desert Rose Resort from now on.	
Oct 4 2009 	Comfortable Resort.	The rooms were well stocked with a full kitched, crockery etc., anything you'd need really. They were also air conditioned and clean and all apartments had their own balcony. The swimming pool was nice, but you don't really go to Las Vegas to have a relaxing pool-side holiday!We didn't have any problems with the complimentary breakfast, but then we were up really early (Nevada is 8 hours behind UK) so maybe it gets busier later but at 6am there were no problems. They had a &quot;manager's reception&quot; between 5-7 every week day when they gave complimentary soft drinks (that you help yourself to), snacks (which were not very nice ... but free!) &amp; beer/wine. The communal areas were functional &amp; comfortable. The housekeeping staff were really nice, helpful and friendly; the only problem I had was lack of knowledge on the part of the reception staff. We tried to rent a car through the hotel &amp; got so many conflicting stories from different reception staff that we ended up going on the Internet to get one through Expedia (which I think ended up cheaper than we would have paid, so it all worked out). The Internet access is now free in the lobby (I think you had to pay at one point), but it is really busy, so if you can take a laptop the free wifi in the rooms is really handy.Am defo going back to Las Vegas &amp; would stay in this resort again as it was near the strip, had ample parking and was a full apartment. I liked it.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Place To Stay Just Of The Strip	We stayed four nights at the desert rose and are glad we did. Firstly check in was easy with no waiting and very helpful friendly staff. Later in our trip we noticed long check in lines at the major casinos on the strip so this was a big plus after the long drive we had just taken. The parking was easy and the room was just a short walk from our car. Well it is hard to fault the rooms here. They are very comfortable and well appointed. Nothing was dirty or worn unlike at previous hotels where we paid much more for a room. Our stay was quiet and with a great breakfast supplied every morning to start our day of it was hard to find anything to complain about. The Desert Rose is a short walk to the strip. We found it best to walk to the back of MGM Grand and through to the strip. The Desert Rose was really good value for the money, with helpful staff, clean well appointed rooms and quiet restful nights we will certainly be back again.	
Oct 3 2009 	Worthy of such a high rating	My wife and I came in with high expectations based upon Trip Advisor reviews and we were not disappointed. Our 1st time to Vegas and we would certainly stay here the next time. Convenient walking / driving access to the strip, very close to the airport, the free breakfast very good and the 5pm reception a wonderful touch when coming back to the hotel after a full day touring and before hitting the Strip for the evening. Rooms spacious and very clean - full suite for the price of a regular room on the Strip! Great find - thanks to the Trip Advisor website.	
Oct 1 2009 	Mixed bag	I left this hotel at the end of my 3 centre holiday feeling frustrated.The resort has the potential to be great but many little things all accumulated to leave me annoyed and in the whole dissapointed.On arrival at midnight we were told that due to a maintenance issue they never had a room for us and were told to go to the bluegreen hotel for 1 night and they would have a room available the next morning for us (very suspicious as there was a big fight across at Mgm that night so draw your own conclusions!!!!!!). This hotel was another 5 mins drive away from the strip and on arrival we had planned to dump our luggage and walk round the corner to the strip for a drink or two(this ended up costing us $12 in a taxi each way from the bluegreen hotel. The check in at bluegreen was not simple as the receptionist on the front desk said that desert rose had not made the reservation on line for us so she had to go and make it manually herself. The next day we got an awful room with balcony overlooking a tree (no sun) and a roof with extractor units and no apology from the staff at desert rose. I complained and they moved us to another room which on inspection looked ok. We later realised the balcony was infested with cockroaches and covered in bird droppings. I complained again and advised them i wanted it cleaned when we were out which was dealt with. On arrival back to the room we both lay down to sleep and then a constant vibrating noise started which we could not pinpoint, this was so bad we called reception and was met with the reponse &quot;well what do you want us to do about this in the middle of the night&quot;. I went straight to reception the next morning and they admitted that it was the air-con units on the roof above the 3rd floor and it can vibrate. Eventually we got given our final room which had no major problems until the hairdryer stopped working so we thought after calling maintenance(silly me it just tripped).After all the issues i had i thought it was time i spoke to the manager who i found to be friendly approachable and understanding which has certainly improved my opinion on the property.On the positive side the rooms were spacious and the managers complimentary bar between 5&amp;7 weekdays and the daily complimentary breakfasts were a nice touch.The 1 free internet terminal needs to have a time limit on it as most hotels now do this. Certain individuals spent way too long on it and were ignorant to the fact others needed on it. I would not stay here again unless changes are made. I do realise i was propably unlucky and i wish everyone luck with their rooms.	
Oct 1 2009 	EXCELLENT RESORT!!!!!!!	This is an absolutely fabulous place to stay in Las Vegas! It is close to the strip but removed if you don't want to be in with all the casinos, etc.! It was exceptionally clean, the staff were wonderful, and we enjoyed every minute we were there! We would HIGHLY recommend staying here!	
Oct 1 2009 	Trip of a Lifetime	What a find that was based on tripadvisor reviews. One of the best apartments my wife &amp; i have stayed in. Spaceous clean rooms with excellent kitchen facilities, toaster,microwave (Takes a large pizza.) dishwasher 5 ring cooker &amp; a large fridge freezer. The staff are most helpful &amp; provide beer &amp; wine between 5-7Pm for tips. The breakfast again has plenty of choice &amp; you wont go away hungry. Free internet provided in the lounge with printing facilities &amp; in each room there is a RJ45 internet connection.We only have one negative which was the noise from external AC units are rather noisy in the upper floors. We moved to a middle floor room which was ok. We would use again.	
Sep 30 2009 	GREAT HOTEL WITH A GREAT LOCATION	We were really surprised by the spacious and comfortable rooms. The hotel has a quiet situation and a few minutes from the strip. Staff was very friendly and helpfull. Only the lobby is a little bit to small to serve breakfast in.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent!	My wife and I stayed here in a recent trip to Las Vegas. As a traveling couple the room actually exceeded our needs for an overnight stay. Very roomy, clean, comfortable, TVs in the main room and bedroom, a full kitchen, and a wall-safe to leave our valuables while out. Adequate parking, elevators, and a security gate. The front desk staff were superb! There might be better values for the same amount of money (as I said, the room was more than we needed) but we would not hesitate to return.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great place to stay close to the Strip. Clean and Friendly.	The hotel was clean and friendly. Very close to all the attractions of the Vegas strip. This would be a great place for Families to stay as the rooms have all you need to not have to go out and eat at the expensive restaurants. If you use the Shuttle from and to the airport they drop you off right at the door.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Like most other people, I found the Desert Rose to be a pleasant place to stay. Everything was clean, the rooms were spacious (it was nice to have a full kitchen after several weeks of dining out for every meal) and the pool was a welcome relief in the heat! It wasn't far off the strip (although I must admit, I wasn't really prepared for the sheer size of Vegas).	
Sep 28 2009 	Loved this place!!!!!	Recently stayed at the Desert Rose with my husband and son. The staff there are very helpful and friendly and the room was amazing. Lots of room for the three of us and very comfortable and beautifully decorated. We enjoyed the pool area very much (nice to relax and get away from the strip for awhile), the free breakfast and drinks by the pool between 5 and 7 p.m. was a pleasant treat. I visit Vegas at least once a year - usually stay on the strip, but now that I've stayed at the Desert Rose and been spoiled I will definitely make this place my Vegas home when I come to visit. Thank you all at he Desert Rose for making this a very enjoyable stay. We'll be back!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Very comfortable and nicely decorated accomodations for a great price!	I must admit that I was a bit suspicious of the almost daily positive reviews by people with only one contribution on Tripadvisor. I seriously considered canceling my reservation, but decided to take my chances because of the pictures and virtual tours on their website. When we arrived, I thought to myself, &quot;the reviews may be fake, but they are true.&quot; After checking out, I received a thank you email from the hotel with a link to review them on Tripadvisor and it was then that I became convinced that they were for real. So here I am, one of the reviewers with one contribution that I was concerned about!We had traveled to Vegas earlier in the year and stayed at one of the big casino hotels on the strip. The purpose of our trip this month was to visit my sister. We wanted to be in a convenient location to the strip, but that wasn't the main focus of the trip and since my sister had a car, I explored some off-strip options. I was thrilled to death when I found a one bedroom condo with a pull out sofa for only $50 per night, just a couple blocks from the strip. This would allow her to stay with us on the days she had off from work. We opted not to use the pull out sofa, but instead she just crashed on the chaise lounge and found that to be pretty comfortable. Our king size bed was probably one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in. The only awkward thing was that the only bathroom was in the master suite so she would have to cut through our bedroom to use the restroom, but that wasn't really too much of a problem for us. It was still much more comfortable than a standard hotel room would've been. It was also nice to be able to check right in after a late flight and not have to wait in the long lines that are pretty much standard at the casino hotels.The condo is equipped with a small kitchen, complete with a refrigerator, range, microwave and dishwasher. We stored our leftovers in the refrigerator and purchased some snacks and a 24-pack of water for $3 instead of paying $2 for one bottle on the strip. We also took advantage of the continental breakfast in the morning. It wasn't the most elaborate breakfast, but had your basic cereal, bagels, muffins, fresh fruit, milk and juice. They also brew Starbucks coffee all day. They have a cocktail reception in the evenings, but we didn't plan our schedules around that.My husband has labeled me an &quot;interior design snob&quot;. I am very picky when it comes to hotel rooms and I was very pleased with our accommodations. The units are very tastefully decorated with luxurious bed linens, granite countertops and high-end materials. As an Interior Designer, I was impressed with their choice of fabrics and finishes.The only complaint we would have is that the route we took past the Hooters Casino to get over to the MGM Grand stunk of sewer at times. We just held our breath for that part of the walk. The MGM Grand casino and the monorail is less than a 10 minute walk from the hotel. Another observation would be that the pool did seem quite small for the number of units there were. We didn't use the pool so it wasn't a problem for us, but could be an issue for some people.Overall, I was very impressed with the hotel, staff and most of all, the price. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Sep 26 2009 	A real gem in the desert	Arrived in Vegas at Desert Rose not expecting too much as our friends had booked us the hotel and we saw that it wasn't one of the big names on the strip. We were pleasantly surprised to find a great place located just off the strip and opposite MGM. We were even more surprised to see our room or should I say suite. It was great with 2 bedrooms, fitted kitchen, lounge and an outstanding on suite power shower in the master bedroom. The hotel was just what we needed. No casinos to walk through in order to get to reception, but close enough to the strip for anything we wanted to do. Our teenage kids loved the pool area and the breakfast. One small gripe the breakfast area wasn't really big enough for the morning onslaught. All in all a fantastic place to stay when in Vegas	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent Experience	My experience at the Desert Rose Resort in Las Vegas Nv. was just awsome. The staff was great, the information they had on me was accurate. They were very helpful on the locations of bus lines, restaurants, and casinos nearby. The hotel was very clean and new looking. The room was spotless and very luxurious. The room was equipped with a kitchen including dinner ware, glasses, and silverware. Dishwasher, coffee pot microwave, fridge, and toaster. They serve a nice continental breakfast and a nice happy hour from 5 to 7 pm.. Large clean swiming pool and laundry vacilities are there to use. i was very impressed and went back three days later and had a another nice stay.	
Sep 24 2009 	A very comfortable resort with some great amenities.	We needed accommodations for two couples, and our suite at the Desert Rose was just perfect to allow a very comfortable stay for both couples. We arrived Thursday and thoroughly enjoyed the &quot;happy hour.&quot; The morning brunch was just the perfect start to the day.Desert Rose's location made for easy access to the other casinos and the monorail. I also used the workout room one morning which provided and good little workout.We would definitely return to the Desert Rose Resort.	
Sep 22 2009 	Better than the strip!	Employees were so friendly and worked hard. They wiped the place down like it was a cruise ship. This was our 2nd stay at a Shell Vacations Hospitality Resort and we can't wait to check them all out.	
Sep 22 2009 	OK for Family	Stayed with infant and 6 year old. Very Clean, modern. Rooms great size. Well stocked with cooking utensils, bowls, plates, etc. Free coffee and water all day. Wi-fi worked. (We have often encountered difficulties with this at other hotels) Nice for children not to have too much Casino exposure.. Downsides: too far off of strip for tired little feet. No restaurant or lounge on premises. Pool small. Housekeeping only comes once within 4 day stay, unless you pay them a fee. Arrive early for breakfast. If you come in the last hour, they may be out of some things. The biggest complaint: we waited one hour for a Van to take us to the airport - they do not regularly pass by this resort, like they do the hotels on the strip. The desk called 3 times for us without success, then just told us to take 2 cabs (which would be twice the expense). We will definitely consider this huge inconvenience next trip or rent a car. Would still recommend, but with some planning recommendations.	
Sep 21 2009 	Best little hotel in Las Vegas	Fabulous little hotel, spotlessly clean, just off the strip. Nice pool area. Price included breakfast and during the week the hotel offered free wine/beer and nibbles (about 5pm). 3 of us travelling so booked 2-bedroom suite. One bedroom with en suite, 2nd bedroom and 2nd bathroom, full kitchen and living room plus balcony. 3 TVs. Really good sized accommodation for the excellent price through Expedia. Also benefit of laundry facilities (good as we were travelling around). 2 mins to Hooters (good value meals, good sized steak with all the trimmings $9.95). 5 mins to MGM Grand, New York, New York etc. 10 mins to airport. Good discount designer mall on the edge of town (ask reception for details).	
Sep 21 2009 	Great digs in Vegas	My wife and I stayed at the Desert Rose Resort for six nights the first week of September and could not have been happier. The rooms were clean, bright and inviting, the resort was clean and we were within walking distance of the strip, albeit a bit of a walk. My only complaint would be the pool is a bit small for the resort, lounge chairs were few.	
Sep 20 2009	A wonderful alternative...	What a wonderful place to stay in Las Vegas. The Desert Rose resort is a great alternative to the giant hotels just a couple blocks away. We enjoyed the wonderfully clean and attractive suite at a great price. The beds were wonderful and the addition of a full kitchen gave us the flexability of dining in or going out. The pool was ideal for cooling off after walking the strip - and the complimentary breakfast was another plus. The staff was helpful and provided some good suggestions on where to eat. I think it is a great place for couples or familys to stay with easy walking access to all that is Las Vegas and yet a quiet retreat from the &quot;circus&quot; on the strip. I would highly recommend the Desert Rose as a great base of operations for a trip to Las Vegas or the surrounding desert and canyon sites.	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent value for money - Great for families	Our family of five stayed three nights at the Desert Rose Resort in Las Vegas in August 2009. It is a non-gaming hotel, located just off the Strip, near MGM, Luxor, New York New York and Excalibur. It is a great homebase to explore Las Vegas for families with young children as it is so close to everything Las Vegas has to offer while at the same time it allows you to escape from crowd and relax in your spacious suite or at the pool. Breakfast was exactly what we needed to get going. This hotel had the lowest nightly rate out of eight hotels during our Southwest USA trip and offered by far the best services. If we would stay again in Las Vegas, we would not for a second consider any alternatives;	
Sep 18 2009 	Great place to stay	We enjoyed our stay at the Desert Rose on our road trip from San Diego, Ca to home in Missouri. Check in was extremely easy with a staff at the desk that was most helpful, knowledgeable and quick. During our 2 day stay we enjoyed a tasty breakfast each morning at no charge. Morning work outs in the fitness center that was very well equipped and clean with TVs and/or a view of the pool. After working out we spent around 3 hours in the pool which was very spacious, clean and maintained. Although the resort is slightly off the strip it is in easy walking distance of several major casinos like Hooters, MGM, New York New York and many more. We enjoyed the stay, felt very safe seeing security several times, with a clean comfortable suite that had a well equipped kitchen. We plan on returning in the near furture and highly recommend the resort to all our friends.Curt &amp; Sherry Gardner	
Sep 17 2009 	Calm lovely place.. we stoped at the palms for 3 nights and this place was warmer better on most counts but bling	has a lovely mellow vibe, warm home from home feel, I would never stop at the palms after finding this little gem, not perfect but very good.	
Sep 16 2009 	If you want a quiet safe clean place to stay stay here!!!!!!	Other reviews sum it up! I am 39, work hard, and usually go to sleep by 9pm at the latest. I was able to have a quiet and safe night sleep here. This is not a party place, thank God! The place is very clean and well kept. I will stay here every time I go back to Vegas.	
Sep 16 2009 	An oasis of calm right in Vegas	It's great to be able to easily walk to the strip and escape to the Desert Rose Resort when your senses are overloaded. I would definitely look this place up when staying in Vegas again. It's easy to drive in to and you can park near your room, it's also easy to drive to the strip or escape the city and if you're not driving it's easy to get about. It's only three floors high which we liked. The airport perimeter is at the end of the road but we didn't have a problem with noise. Our room had a side view of the pool area with a balcony and was quiet. The staff we encountered were friendly, helpful and many a smile which helps make you feel relaxed. We didn't use the pool but could see that it wasn't that big and there was a rush to bag the sun loungers every morning at 8am. The breakfast area can also get busy and crowded if you don't get up early.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Value and Location	What a great value. Clean rooms, continential breakfast, happy hour Mon-Thurs. This is located right behind Hooters and Tropicana. It was an easy walk to the walkways to either MGM, NY NY and Excalibur. We did not leave our end of the strip for 4 days. Staff was very nice and helpful. Definitely would stay again.	
Sep 15 2009	FANTASTIC A+++	We have been lucky enough to go to Las Vegas for the last 7 years and have stayed in both strip and off strip accommodation. This is one of the best we have stayed in. The staff 10 out of 10, the 2 bed condo style apartment 10 out of 10, Location 10 out of 10. and so on. The only fault was the pool, THEY SHOULD STOP PEOPLE FROM PUTTING THE TOWELS ON THE LOUNGERS AND COMING ROUND THE POOL LATER.	
Sep 14 2009 	I don't write reviews but this place deserves one	My wife and adult children stayed here for three nights. This was a very nice place, clean, brightly painted, with large rooms. We rented a two bedroom suite and it was very nice. I was expecting something of much lower quality based on the inexpensive price we paid. Pool is open early to late, which most 'strip' hotels are not. The included continental breakfast had a lot of variety and changes each day. Pool was very clean. The grounds were well kept. Staff was very helpful from extra towels to suggestions for sightseeing.The air conditioning worked very well. Three flat-screen tv's in the unit. When we come back to Las Vegas, we will be staying here again.	
Sep 14 2009 	good find very pleased with rooms service and location	we stayed there for 4 days in a two bedroom suite and would defintately stay there again. The rooms are spacious, comfortable, clean and are to a high standard. It is located in easy walking distance from the strip and as the strip is currently being dug up it is a mass of traffic jams so this was an excellent retreat from the hustle and bustle of vegas, which meant we had a really good quiet nights sleep. The staff are friendly and we had no problems at all, i would defintaly go back and with the cost of the rooms being so reasonable we could afford to stay for the week next time	
Sep 12 2009	ideal Location	Desert Rose Resort is located 2 blocks off of the Las Vegas Strip. We stayed in their 2 bedroom 2 bath suite, with a full kitchen. Each morning we were treated to a continental breakfast which was plenty of food. In the evenings they served wine, beer and snacks. You could walk to the MGM Grand, the Tropicana and Hooters Casinos. You were just a short 5 mile drive from the car rental return area. The location was quiet and yet you were close to all the action that Las Vegas offers. The Staff was must helpful and their repair people were top notch. Would I recommend the Desert Rose Resort, YES.	
Sep 11 2009 	For a quiet Business solo traveller- the Best	In Vegas for work (clothing buyer for a boutique), I had opted for a different place for the major part of my trip &amp; thought Id relax on my last day at the Desert Rose. I wished that I had been there the whole week instead of one day! I could have easily walked to the strip for the Deuce bus shuttle or to the locations I had to be for my work. The full kitchen could have come in handy- they have a deal with a local market to stock it &amp; I couldve saved on expen$ive meals I had on the strip! A comfy full size bath tub, separate living &amp; bedrooms &amp; cable tvs in both rooms. Quiet too &amp; a pool (that I didnt have a chance to enjoy either), as well as other amenities like free continental bfast &amp; laundry facilities. Next year its the Rose for me!	
Sep 10 2009 	Great trip!!!	The Desert Rose Resort was great as expected. We had an one bedroom apartment. Nice design and very clean. The kitchen was very well equipped with everything you need. Appliances were very clean and in perfect condition. Location is also great, very convenient, walking distance to the strip. The resort offers breakfast in the morning. The food was good, not much variety but fresh and tasty. The pool is always clean, perfect water. Overall we had a great time at Desert Rose, we wold recommend this resort to everyone. Awesome trip! Las Vegas is Disneyland for grown ups!	
Sep 10 2009 	Amazing hotel near the strip !	My husband and I just returned from a 5 day vacation during which we had stayed at Desert Rose (1 bed suite). Here are some of the things we loved :* The rooms were spacious, clean; bed really comfortable; kitchen and bathroom were wonderfully done with nice cabinets and granite countertops* Only place we ever heard of that had a kitchentte and offered free breakfast !* Housekeeping was excellent ! Very few places have free housekeeping everyday.* The staff was very respectful and courteous* And, of course you cannot beat the location at this price - it is only a 5 minute walk from the strip !Whenever we go to Vegas in future, we are definitely staying at the Desert Rose. Plus, we have already recommended this place to two separate friends and they are already heading there.	
Sep 10 2009 	VFM- EXCELLENT APARTMENT HOTEL	We spent 4 nights at the Desert Rose, and were impressed with the price, location, pool. rooms,breakfast &amp; basically anything the hotel throws at you. For the price you will not find better Value For Money in Vegas, it really is an excellent base on which to start your days in Vegas.just off the strip its about a half mile walk to Excalibur, MGM, &amp; New York New York Hotels We had 2 full days on the strip and a full day tour of Grand Canyon via private jet,helicopter and pontoon boat.All of which were very enjoyable.my only recommendation on the hotels/casinos. if you have teenagers or younger kids visit the larger ones during the day, as after 9pm they do fill up with loads of people many of which are a bit obnoxtious.New York Hotel was great for kids even at midnight!!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Can't wait to go back.	We were spending just one night in Las Vegas before our vacation through Utah to visit the National Parks. We were tied up in traffic on Route 15 coming from CA &amp; arrived in Vegas very late. What a room--everything was very classy. The suite was very spacious, and well designed with a TV for viewing in the bedroom, as well as one in the sitting area. Everything was available that one would need for a long term stay- a full size refrigerator, stove, coffeepot, cookware/silverware, ironing board, full size dining table, clothes basket, safe, extra blankets, pillows-all the extras were there. We did not have time to enjoy the pool or the other amenities at the resort, but did enjoy the breakfast. We were quite impressed. The next time we visit Vegas--we will definitely book at this resort--and stay awhile!!!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Getaway	Maximum bang for the buck --- the two bedroom unit was perfect for our family of five. The kids had their own space, their own bathroom, which was excellent. The kitchen was FULLY equipped. The staff, hospitable and friendly. Housekeeping was so accommodating and very, very courteous and friendly. My husband and I appreciated the Manager's Reception, while the kids swam in the pool. A mere block away from the strip, it was an easy walk to New York New York, GameWorks, Excalibur and the rest of the strip. If you're looking for a family friendly place to stay, with some distance from the strip, with privacy, and an all inclusive resort, this is the place to stay!	
Sep 8 2009 	Unexpected	We couldn't believe the size of the rooms when we first walked through the door and then we noticed how wonderfully clean everything was, right down to the bottom of the shower curtain!( We women notice all the small details ) The hotel was mentioned as a springboard for the main reason of our trip but we will stay there every time we're in Vegas. Close to the strip without the expense, noise and business of the strip. And to be able to cook.... and added bonus again we weren't expecting. The service we received was extremely helpful and polite and caring. Thank you to all the people that made our trip an absolute delight!!!! We will recommend highly your hotel to everyone going to Las Vegas!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Great value near the strip	Stayed here with our young children for two nights. What we liked:- The suites were really like two bedroom/two bathroom flats; very well equipped with all amenities, allowed us to cut the long series of restaurant-eating in our trip and have dinner in the room. Very comfortable bedding and bathrooms. - Great value - by far the cheapest of all our hotels over a 3 week californian trip;- Close to the strip whilst not being in the middle of the whirl (which we hated, but that's really a matter of taste); walking distance if you can stand the heat!- Staff was, with some variations, generally pretty helpful.- Breakfast overall good qualityWhat I did not feel great about was the pool, as water looked too cloudy for my taste after a long hot day (needless to say the kids loved it regardless); of course the pools is also dwarfed in size by the giant ones of the main casino/hotels. But again a good choice if you want to be close to the action whilst not being in the bigger hotel &quot;factories&quot;.	
Sep 4 2009 	Desert Rose Excellent Place to Stay in Vegas	We stayed at this resort -- found it through the RCI timeshare network -- for the first time in Aug. 2009. Loved that resort is small (vs. the huge casino hotels), clean and people were very friendly and helpful.	
Sep 3 2009 	Best kept secret in Las Vegas!	Off the beaten path, but easily accessible to the well worn Strip. Excellent value for money. Was perfect for what we wanted... golfing, Hooters, golfing, casinos, golfing. I'm not sure if giving a great review for this little gem will compromise the best kept secret in town!	
Sep 2 2009 	Brill -made our stay an oasis away from the mega big hotels on the strip	Just returned from a 10 day stay at this fab resort, with hubby, nephew &amp; his wife who was celebrating a special birthday.Rooms were very clean &amp; comfortable, and had everything you would need.for any length of stay. Beds/ pillows were so comfortable, much needed after all the sight seeing that Vegas has to offer.Air conditioning was very welcome, couldnt do without itContinental breakfast was a great start to your day, we didn't make the managers special, but other guests were impressed with what was on offer, and remember its free.Can get a bit busy, but didn't find this a problem as everything was replenished as and when needed.Front desk staff always very friendly, every time we asked for directions staff gave us a print out, which helped. Check in/out was fast, staff always had a smile and were welcomingPool area adequate, you need your key card to get in- some times this didn't work, but other guests kind enough to let you in.Like others have mentioned, some extra loungers would have been good, just as we were leaving they were putting padded cushions out on the chairs, Clean towels are provided every day for the pool area, so no need to carry your own.Hot tub magic after a long dayThis hotel is close to Hooters hotel, approx 5-7 mins walk from strip- weather was so hot- felt like a hot hair dryer blasting in your face - be prepared take a cardi for going into hotels/ buffets as air conditioning is cool. We had a car, and it is perfectly placed to get on to the main roads, avoiding the strip.Did a trip to the canyon, booked with Maverick, Amazing- so glad we did thisAll in all, if you want somewhere clean- comfortable and friendly where you won't need your sat nav to get to the pool area or main desk, choose the Dessert Rose	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Community Spirit in the City of Sin	Five years ago, on our first trip to Vegas, we stayed at the Sahara Hotel; a pleasant enough stay with comfortable beds, simple bathroom and nice view of the strip. The Monorail made it less challenging to get to the heart of the action in the relentless heat, or there was the option of walking via Stardust, Frontier and other Casino-Hotels that offered air-conditioning to help alleviate the pain that the oppressive sun brought upon us. The hotel was anonymous enough: we were able to sit by the pool or amble through the casino without being bothered by anyone, nor did we have too much difficulty finding somewhere to eat within our budget (God bless the Sahara buffet and the 3/4 lb hot dog from down the street, next to a useful Subway with its foot long sandwiches). We thought it was a great place to stay... until we stayed in the Desert Rose Resort this August!At first, having looked on Google Earth and having read some of the more negative reviews on here, we were sceptical: the hotel was near Hooters, near the Airport, off-Strip and small. We wondered just how safe the area was, were there going to be cockroaches in the bathroom, was breakfast as hazardous as some people claimed, was there going to be a noise issue; all manner of thoughts.Then we read through the good reviews: we saw that it was ranked as the number 4 hotel in Vegas; saw how many people loved the spirit of the place; the size of the rooms and facilities on offer; the manager's reception and the fact that you did at least get a breakfast!Providing you are up early enough, breakfast is a dream: bagels, bread/toast, cereals, fruits, preserves, muffins/danishes, cheeses (a nice cheddary one and a flavoursome white cheese with jalapenos in it), fruit salad or peaches were all readily available accompanied by a great selection of teas, coffees, fruit juices (we were particularly taken with the fresh orange juice and the cranberry punch) and two varieties of milk (2 percent and skimmed). The later you arrive to breakfast, the more waiting around there is but still the food is available and frequently topped up. True, some people have little idea as to what constitutes a line and will tend to push in, although we put this down to the fact that there could be a confusion as to whether there is one line for the cereals, meat/cheeses and toaster, or whether there were three separate ones. It didn't happen too often and most people understood the system well. There is even the option of taking food back and enjoying breakfast in your room; something we happily did on occasion. The manager's reception was also good: beer, wine, soft drinks, tea and coffee were offered along with either nachos and pretzels, or canopes of raw vegetables with a cheese sauce and a selction of mixed nuts. It was on for two hours and while perhaps not being something you would rush back for, it was pleasant enough to have if you were there at the time.Having read through other reviews, we were pretty sure of what to expect with our room but nothing could actually prepare us for the truth: they were excellent! The kitchen was very well stocked: large fridge-freezer; dishwasher; huge oven; oversized microwave; a &quot;Mr Coffee&quot; perculator (along with accompanying Wolfgang Puck coffee); a blender/processor; toaster; vast array of cutlery and crockery and enough workspace to prepare a great meal. The sink was the size of a bath which proved useful for the washing up that we did (we're not dishwasher people!).The dining table was of a very good size and was the lounge with corner unit sofa and t.v. Ok, the television could be a little more modern but it was very large and provided a good picture on the odd occasion that we sat down and watched it (usually channel 18 for the weather forecast, or the local Fox news). We never had casue to fold the sofa out into a bed although we heard that it was very confortable!The balcony was another excellent option. In a city that's prone to not letting people open their windows for fear of suicides, it was a true delight to be able to sit out and enjoy a glass of wine and the views. We were lucky: being in suite 4305, we had the pool on one side of us and the Luxor/Mandalay Bay hotels on the other. There are some cracking views to be had from many rooms although some did suffer from being inside, and facing inwards. Usually it wouldn't bother us, but we were there for two weeks so really wanted something a little bit special; we weren't disappointed! Also, being on the third floor wasn't a problem for us: some have said that the noise of the air-conditioning on the roof kept them awake - we had our air-conditioning running in the room so external noises didn't really affect us. Furthermore, the air-conditioning units on the roof run at a constant rate so the noise lessens the more you are exposed to it (rather than stop-start noises).The bedroom was good too: a huge bed, another television and a walk in wardrobe were all exceptional. I'm not sure quite how cold it gets in Vegas, but we ended up taking off the many layers of quilting and blankets that are an option for those that need it. Also, give yourself a few minutes every night to prepare the bed as someone there has an obsession with pillows and cushions! The vanity units and bathroom were simple but effective and included a hairdryer which proved useful to my partner as our European electricity powered hairdryer only runs at half power in the United States. Speaking of electricity, I'm not sure quite how the American system is but there seemed to be a lot of plug sockets and switches near to water hazards. Mains lighting with a switch in the bathroom? Sockets by the sink? I'm sure it meets up with legislation, although it took a bit of getting used to (and very precautious hand drying!). In the rooms, you'll also find: an iron and ironing board; broom and mop and an electronic safe. We were told that some rooms had a DVD in them too, although ours didn't. All-in-all, an excellent room with great facilities.Further around the resort, you'll find very friendly staff; it could just be the American way but everyone had time for you and seemed pleased to be of service. We did tip our room maid, although this lead to us having an abundance of towels in the room - by the end of the holiday we had amassed a small mountain of towels in the vanity area!The pool was an ok size. True, it's not like the pools of the mega-resorts but it was enough: three distinct areas of depth within the pool, plus two smaller jacuzzi/warm pools. Well, one pool was warm, the other was hotter than Vegas itself. However, and this is a big plus for the resort, the pool remained open until 11pm. Obviously, being Vegas, it was still warm, but there was none of the overbearing sunshine so the pool is often still occupied after the sun goes down; a very welcome offering for those with children or for those who don't really enjoy being seen swimming in daylight! Around the pool area, you have the option of using two barbeques and hotel towels. There also seemed to be enough loungers, chairs and tables (with parasols) for those that want to stay by the pool.The resort also offers a fitness centre and free wi-fi. The fitness centre has a few treadmills, a cross-trainer and a weights machine, although this wasn't working while we were there. The wi-fi proved useful but, should you not have the capabilities of using it, the hotel offers an internet connection in the foyer, at a charge. The ATM (cash machine) in the foyer charges $3 per transaction but this was the cheapest that we'd found anywhere. In fact, we'd ventured out to a bank and that still charged the same amount.Apparently, there is also a concierge at the hotel although we never saw them in the 2 weeks that we were there. However, this may be due to the fact that we left the hotel around 10am every day and didn't return until the evening - there is a lot to see and do in Vegas!!! So, bearing all this in mind, we heartily recommend this hotel. The community spirit that was spoken of in the title stems from the fact that everyone will talk with you. Whether you're in the pool, at breakfast or in the lift, anywhere in the hotel, there is a feeling that you're all in on a little secret; that you're part of a little family. Yes, the family swells at the weekend and changes fairly frequently, but the spirit of the place remains the same.TIPS: I'm sure that you're probably very aware of the things to do in Town, but there are a couple of hidden gems that shouldn't be overlooked:If you're staying for any length of time, get yourself out to Wal-Mart and stock up of ingredients. We planned on eating a meal in every other day to try and reduce costs and calories, and it offered a good bit of respite from all the hustle and bustle. The best way to do this is to walk over to Tropicana and catch the Deuce bus somewhere, paying for the all day, $7 pass. By doing this, you can use any of the buses in Vegas and can head East on Tropicana Avenue to the Wal-Mart (around 15mins on bus depending upon traffic).The car-park behind the Desert Rose/Hooters seemed safe to us: it's patrolled by security on bikes and is well lit. Cutting across it saves a fair bit of time and effort!Don't be afraid of going into Hooters: from what we saw of the casinos on the strip and downtown, the Hooters' staff are fairly respectably dressed. On Friday and Saturday night it does get a little more testosterone fuelled, but nothing too much to worry about. Also, by joining their Players' Club, you get $100 worth of free slot play for promotional machines and then a further $5 for any slot. We walked away with $15 from it; maybe not much to some but great for us! The other good Club for us (we don't gamble enough for the big places) was Circus Circus which offers $15 in casino chips.After 5pm, head over to The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and take the lift up to Mix. It's a nightclub/restaurant that offers amazing views down the strip from the 64th floor...and for free before 10pm. The lift is amazing in itself as it's external and glass - great views of Mandalay Bay and the airport and you ascend. While you're there, take time to go to the toilets too for another of life's experiences!If you forget your camera battery or need something electronic, make your way down to Fry's at Town Square. My camera battery wasn't working and I was looking at $49 on the strip; went down to Fry's and the same battery cost me $12. If you do it while having a Deuce ticket, it will save you a fair bit!Pick up the free booklets (such as 24/7 or Vegas 2 Go) as they have useful discounts: we particularly enjoyed the 2-for-1's at Hagen Dazs and Ben and Jerry's!!! However, for an amazing ice-cream experience, head over to Cold Stone in the Excalibur food court).For cheap fast food, try Jack-in-the-Box or, for something truly special, try FatBurger!!!!!And that's it. The Desert Rose Resort proved to be an excellent choice for us: great facilities, easy walking distance to the strip, good views, great value for money but, above all else, a feeling that you were part of a friendly family and not just another anonymous holiday maker in an oversized, corporate run hotel.	
Sep 1 2009 	Just Perfect for Vegas	Stayed here for one night when visiting vegas last month. It is only one block off-strip and was just right for our needs. We are a family of 5 - 3 kids (15,13,10) traveling with another family with similar aged kids. What a great place!! No slot-machines. Superb rooms - we had a 2-bed Suite which was HUGE, comfortable, well stocked. All for just about $100 for the night. Friends had a 1-Bed Suite for around $75 and were equally impressed.Great staff at the Desk	
Aug 31 2009 	Great place	Great place to stay just a short walk from the main attractions on the strip. We stopped for three nights and were impressed with the size of the room... actually more like an appartment with seperate bedroom, large(ish) bathroom, kitchen in main living room. Better than a self catering appartment in Greece.Complementry continental brekfast was good, if a little crowded if you left it too late.Things to do in Vegas..... check out the weird 'sky' in the Venitian and don't miss the fountains at the Bellagio	
Aug 30 2009 	Superb hotel in great location	Stayed here for 4 nights. It is just off the strip, about 7-8 minutes walk to MGM Grand so nice and quiet but close enough to be amongst everything quickly. The apartment we had was top class, service was superb, and everyone was so friendly. The pool was excellent and the breakfast was really good, although a bit crowded at times. Free drinks and nibbles every night between 5 - 7 pm (only did it once as out most of the time). This was overall a very good place to stay and value for money.	
Aug 30 2009	We enjoyed our experience and would return to the Desert Rose.	We wanted to explore Las Vegas with our two college-age children. We stayed 4 nights and the 2 bedroom-2 bath suite was perfect for our group. The rooms were nicely furnished, but not to the standard of the high-end strip hotels. WHO CARES? If you want extravagance, stay on the strip. If separate beds and baths, a kitchen and living area are more important, the Desert Rose works well. With different people going different places and keeping different hours, the 2 bed/2 bath set-up provided plenty of privacy for all. PROS: Proximity to the Strip; WIFI; good housekeeping; free parking; free continental breakfast; free beverages and snacks 5-7 pm during the week; grounds were secureSUGGESTIONS: Increase number of tables and chairs in the area adjacent to the pool;add a couple more items at the continental breakfast. With a group like ours, diverse in ages, interests and agendas, we would definitely reccommend and would return to the Desert Inn.	
Aug 30 2009 	Wow what a gem	This hotel is located right behind the Hooters Casino-Hotel, about 5 minutes from the MGM. I truly loved the service, the rooms, the location. I felt like I was in my condo (kitchen full equipped (even with microwave, blender, pots and pans.. I mean anything you need is there). Front desk is really helpful and the staff is really nice. Room are nice and spacious (with 2 tvs and plenty of room). Before booking this hotel, I read all the reviews because I really need to be comfortable in a hotel room and let me tell you that I was still surprised how nice it was. By the pool you have 2 huge bbq's for your convenience if you want to cook. I've read previous previous saying that they didn't get much for breakfast ! Well, I don't know where they went because at Desert Rose, the breakfast is enough to fill you up until dinner time (cold boiled egg that I heat up in microwave, ham, bread, cereals(3 choices), bananas, muffins, coffee, tea, soda, juice, cheese, yogourt) and it's self service so you eat as much as you need. Helped me save money by just eating out once a dayPlus : Parking is free, 5@7 from Monday to Thursdays with nachos and drinks for free, there a small store at the front desk for snacks etc and it's pretty cheap, there are laundry rooms (self-service I think), nice pool with jacuzziNow the downside : There's nobody holdings doors for you when you have luggage or anything (it's really like as if you were at home), cleaning lady just changes your towels and does bed (nothing like a deep cleaning) on your stay. Honestly I didn't mind at all. I don't like cleaning lady coming everyday in my room to clean especially when it's perfect when I arrive. I also didn't mind not having clerks helping with luggage because this was the only downlfall I saw and for me that's not important.Because MGM is so big and has 2 entry (one on the Strip and the other on Tropicana), you are 5 min from MGM but 7-10 to the Strip. Well, I love walking and when in Vegas, expect to walk alot. So the 10 min to the New York New York Hotel was really nothing. It's so safe in Vegas that we never took a cab (besides for the airport) even after clubbing. There's also Deuce bus on the Strip (3$ a way or 7$ for 24h)Honestly, I'm really please to have stayed at this hotel (it was my little retreat from all the action on the strip)	
Aug 29 2009 	Good find	All in all the hotel lived up to our expectations. Friendly staff, good rooms ( although very worn carpet, but I understand they are being replaced--needs it). Very quiet at night--a relief from the hussle and bussle. I would go back to this place. My only critisizm is one that I read by another traveller--and I agree with him. There are not enough lounges for the pool area. Literally, there was a line forming at 8:00 am outside the pool area when it is unlocked in order to obtain one of the few. My wife and I lined up with other guests in order to snag enough for our family--Lets face it --its one of the reasons people go to Vegas to lounge in the sun. The place is great--so spend the bucks and get some more!!! How much can they be?? It would make such a difference	
Aug 28 2009 	Truly a Rose in the desert!	Been there done that in Las Vegas and for what this property offers, you won't beat it! Save your money and save your time online.... book it!And that's before I mention the GREAT service. You are a guest and will be treated as such.	
Aug 26 2009 	A Vegas oasis	A great little resort 2 blocks from the strip, near MGM Grand. Great for families; we could go do something on the strip, then retreat to our little oasis of calm and cool off in the pool. Rooms are nicely equipped... we had a suite with separate bedroom and kitchenette. Not huge, but very functional for our family. Most evenings there is a happy hour (actually 2 hours) with free beer, wine and pop, plus snacks. Lots of parking, which seemed to be pretty secure. Staff were all friendly and helpful; not something I'm used to in Vegas. Will definitely stay there again and recommend to others.	
Aug 26 2009 	Breakfast is no option! Probably not coming back.	During our trip to the west coast we planned to stay 4 nights in Las Vegas. We're a familly of 5 (3 teenagers children), and had to choose between 2 rooms in one of the big casino hotels on the strip (with great discounted prices on Smartvegas.com) and a all suite hotel off strip. prices were the same. Desert rose had the best reviews on Trip advisor, so we choose the Desert Rose resort. I must say that we were dissapointed. Its not we thought it would be. The place was very crouded. breakfast is no option: small room, long lines (like an attraction in a theme park), noisy, no place to sit (to find a table is like to find a parking spot in midtown Manhattan), and if you find one - its dirty and you have to clean it yourself. poor selection in breakfast: after first morning - my kids didn't want to return. breakfast end at 9 am - not very convient, and from building 4 you have to drive!Rooms are nice and comfortable, no complaints about that, but public corridors are old, not renovated (like an old Motel 6), and open, so during hot summer days it is very unpleasant. The pool was not great either: old, and not so clean. many of the guests is like what you would find in a low grade motel.Business center - if you want to check something in the computer - the rate is &quot;only&quot; $4 for 15 minutes! unbelievable.Next time we probably wont come back. I read again all the reviews on Trip advisor, and I have my thoughts about that, I just say that it looks like the management is very aware to reviews on Trip advisor.	
Aug 26 2009 	Best thing about Las Vegas!	I searched long and hard to find a room when we were booking our trip to Vegas. After reading all the negative comments about the large resort/casino places I finally picked the Desert Rose. It was the best thing I did for our vacation. The one bedroom was plenty big for 2 people and having the kitchen was a life saver. We lived on water and could keep water and ice in the full size fridge along with juice and milk etc.. The staff was always friendly, holding doors and elevators for us and always said hello and asked how our visit was going. They were alway's smiling and very friendly in general. The breakfast was a great addition to the stay especially when we saw how expensive eating in the large hotels were. (1.25 for one krispy kreme donut!) While the temperatures soared we were very comfortable in the room and spent some time at the nice pool as well. They have grills there and we were able to grill some steaks the last night we were there and relax before leaving in early the next morning. I cannot say enough good about this place. I see some people have commented on how dirty the carpet was but if you saw the city and with the heat and grime they would have to replace the carpet every week to prevent that. I am not sure that would have been any better any place you stay in Vegas. While I would never recommend taking to any child to Vegas for any reason, the unit was comfortable for a small family and I am sure the 2 bedrooms would be even better. While I hesitate to leave this review because it is a well kept secret and I would love to enjoy it again, I feel like I need to give praise where praise is due. If it had not been for the Desert Rose we would have shortened our planned visit and gone home early!	
Aug 26 2009 	A Great Place to stay!	This is one of nicest places to stay in La Vegas, it was a vacation. The room was very comfortable and had everything we needed and more. We enjoyed the breakfast in the morning too. The location is perfect, and we were close to everything. We can't wait to go back.	
Aug 25 2009 	Desert Rose Las Vegas is a pleasant relaxing vacation.	Our trip was an unexpexted one. It was a weekend to spend with our children before they started college. Desert Rose was very willing to accomodate us on the same day. We arrived late because of traffic and they had our room waiting for us and were more than willing to bring us any extra necessities we needed. For my husband and I it was plus that it was walking distance from Hooters,Tropicana, Luxor. It is very close to the strip,but also very quiet. It was nice that they offered a continental breakfast every day. They aalso have a happy hour on Monday- through Thursdays. To us it was a very relaxing weekend.	
Aug 25 2009 	Best Kept Secret in Las Vegas	We have been going to Las Vegas for the last 16 years and have always stayed at a hotel from (7 to 11days). This year we heard of the Desert Rose Resort from friends and I decided to check out the reviews from different sources.We decided to try it and boy did we hit a jackpot. We had a 1 bedroom condo and the staff could not serve us enough, as they were very friendly and always accomodating to our needs.The rooms were very clean and we always had extra towels in our room every day. Good variety for a continental breakfast items, ( breads, fresh fruit , cereals, cheese, and starbuck coffee available 24hrs, and Monday to Thursday was the Managers reception, beer, wine, juices, snacks and all of this was included. A 7 minute walk to MGM where you could get the monorail to go to the other end of the strip, and 10 minutes to the main strip. We certainly will be booking next year at the Desert Rose Resort.Good place for a family as it has a pool and the cost was very reasonable.	
Aug 25 2009	The price is right!!!	Surprised and happy with this choice. Staff is welcoming, courteous and helpful. Nice continental breakfast service. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Nice kitchen with appliances, dishware, etc. Not the Bellagio...but then you are NOT paying those prices!	
Aug 23 2009 	A Pleasant Stay in Hot Las Vegas	We had a nice two bedroom apartment with two bathrooms and a kitchen. The place was spacious but showing wear and tear in the living room area. It was reasonably clean and the central air conditioning worked very well in this heat. The complex is part of a time share and filled with diverse groups of people. The front desk was pleasant and the breakfast was adequate, pastry,fruit, cold cuts, hard boiled eggs, toast, bagels, cereal, juice and Starbuck's coffee. The complex is located next to Hooter's and near MGM Grand, Tropicana and Luxor. We saw two shows, Ka at MGM Grand and Criss Angel -Believe at the Luxor. Ka was visually spectacular and recommended. Criss Angel's show was weird magic, dance and slight comedy . It was suppose to be Cirque Du Soleil too but it was not like &quot;O&quot; or Ka. Believe was disjointed and a disappointment.The Desert Rose was convenient to the Strip and parking was adequate. It is also close to the airport but we didn't hear any airport noise. I liked it because it is quiet and not overwhelmingly large and busy.	
Aug 23 2009 	Best and most relaxing haven on two week road trip	We spent 13 nights on the road, and the Desert Rose was the best place we stayed. After eating out day after day, it was great to have a place to spread out and cook something as simple as macaroni and cheese for a break. We didn't actually get out much to see Las Vegas and the sites since it was so relaxing. Our two teenagers were comfortable and they established their areas from the first moment...one in one room, and the other in the other room.It was also close enough to walk to the strip without too much trouble.	
Aug 21 2009 	Enjoyable stay with kids in Las Vegas!	We choose the Desert Rose based on the reviews in Tripadvisor. A great move! We travel with two boys aged 12 and 9 years. The rooms are great, comfortable beds, full kitchen and breakfast included. Do get in time for breakfast because it does get very busy. Between 5 and 7 you have managers drinks. Beer, wine and snacks. Really good value for money. The location is another big plus. Very close to the strip but not on the strip. The size of the resort is good. We have walked through the big mega hotels (with long long lines for check in) and were very glad to be at the Desert Rose. Our boys found their own way and went swimming, this would never have been the case in the big hotels.The service was quick, prompt and very friendly. The concierge we only saw once, so if you want something organised you better do it yourself.	
Aug 21 2009 	Surpassed my expectations again.	Returned to the Desert Rose for a third time this year, this time staying in a one bed condo. 2008 stayed in 2 bed condo's. condo was roomy with a well layed out kitchen area.The wholr resort was extremely clean and maid service came in every day while we were there to clean and replace towels. Free breakfast was just what I needed each day, plenty of variety, and good coffee. Pool was fantastic and never got to busy, my children 3 and 2 loved it. This is our favorite place to stay in Vegas. The prices for the weekend we went were fantastic $46/night. You cannot beat this place for the price and with the free breakfast and fully equipped kitchen you are not forced to go out and spend $$$ on eating out.	
Aug 21 2009 	Awesome location!!!	This is a beautiful resort and the price is Out of this world for the awesome location. We stayed for a week and the room had plenty of extras, so we declined daily maid service. It was our own little home away from home...we bought groceries to keep from having to spend money on fast food. It was nice for the kids to be able to grab some breakfast and watch tv in the mornings in their own room while we relaxed on the couch and drank our coffee. The location made it easy to take a break from the strip to stop back at the room for a snack or a little nap...especially with our 1 yr old...with the &quot;FULLY EQUIPT&quot; kitchen you have everything you need, even cleaning supplies ex. (broom, iron, board, dish soap, dishwasher detergent, sponges, paper towels, etc) they even have clothes baskets for you to use at their on site laundry facilities....we have found our yearly vacation spot!!!!!	
Aug 20 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	My family of six stayed at this hotel recently. We booked a 2-bedroom and a 1-bedroom suite. My two teenage daughters loved the second bedroom of the 2-bedroom suite because of the two twin beds and that they did not have to share a bed. The beds were comfy and the linens were soft. We never experienced the pool but we had a view of it from our suite and it was constantly full (even at 7 in the morning). Only my husband experienced the free breakfast because he is an early riser and the breakfast is concluded by 9am during the week. However, he did say it was very crowded and hectic and not worth the hassle. Perhaps extending the service hours by one hour would help to ease the congestion. Another complaint that I had was there was no stationary or writing pens in the rooms. Each day, when leaving a tip for housekeeping, I would have to find scratch paper to write on to indicate the use for the money. My husband also noticed that while he waited for us in lobby that there are no televisions or magazines to occupy your time. I would also recommend that the hotel increase the number of TV channels they provide in the guest rooms. It should also be mentioned that the two interior parking areas were closed and it caused the remaining front lots to fill up quickly in the evening. On a few occasions we were required to park two buildings away from our unit and had to go through the building maze to get to our unit. We did notice that the hotel had security officers constantly walking the premise so we felt very safe. Overall, when you add the negatives against the positive, it was a very pleasant stay and we would definitely return when in Las Vegas.	
Aug 20 2009 	No Hassel living"	My husband and I went to Las Vegas to celebrate my birthday and our anniversary. We also invited my sister and friend whose birthday's were also in 08/2009 along with their significant partners....We had a great time in Las Vegas and it was nice to return to our hotel which was clean, cool, and provided all the ammneties it had to offer such as &quot;free continental breakfast&quot; plus breakfast delivery to Shell Vacation Elite members....my guest loved the hotel, the cleanliness, the hotel staff especiall the housekeeping staff. I think anyone staying with the Desert Rose Resort will be treated to a great experience.	
Aug 19 2009 	Sanity in the middle of Sin City!	We love staying at the desert rose! It is so convenient to the strip but allows you to also &quot;escape&quot; the casino environment and come home to some peace and quiet. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are wonderful. Having a kitchen is a great help with all of the great leftovers you have in Vegas. We love the continental breakfast and the happy hours. Will definately stay again when I come back to Vegas!	
Aug 17 2009 	We are always happy here!	My family and I travel to Las Vegas 3 or 4 times a year. When I travel with my husband alone, we always stay at a casino hotel, but when we have our 4 children(ages 3-14) we love the Desert Rose. With 4 kids we need lots of room and some privacy. It is nice to be in 1 suite and not 2 rooms that are joined with a double door. As a mom, I love the fact that I lock the front door and secure it and they are all in a room with me, not lock there door and then shut the door in the middle and hope they don't lock it and then I can't get in either door. The Desert Rose is at a great location, right behind Hooter's so you can walk to MGM, Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, Luxor, NYNY, Tropicana, Monte Carlo and a lot of shops like the M&amp;M store. If you don't want to wait for a taxi there you can walk to Hooter's less then a block away, there are always taxi's there waiting for customers. The pool is great, the continental breakfast is very good and saves you $, it actually has ham served along with the normal stuff you find at others. They also have a meet and greet thing in the evening, serving free beer, wine, soda &amp; snacks for kids. The service is always great, the people are always friendy and the rooms are always clean. The best thing about this place is it is not a casino, so you don't have all the busy activity and people to get around to get to your room. It is a place for anyone, wether on business or vacation, alone or with family. We highly recommend this resort. We will be back.The only thing I recommend is during hot months ask for 2nd or 3rd floor rooms. During hot month crikets and desert cockroaches push their way in to the room through any crack on the 1st floor. It's not a big issue cause they do it at homes there to. The hotel is clean and they spray for bugs. When we had a few they came right over and got rid of them and sprayed the room with a non toxic odorless spray. We love it there, and are sure you will too!!! Look for the specials link on the website, we got a 2 bedroom suite for $99 a night when we payed up front. nywhere else would have cost $150 with no breakfast offers.	
Aug 16 2009 	Best Stay in a Very Long Time !	This Resort is one of the Best I have stayed at in many years. I go back to some because I get used to them, but sometimes you just need to break away and make a change when things are not as they use to be. That's when I found your resort and It's AWESOME !!!!!!!!! The staff they have here really enjoy what they do and it shows.They all were a Big part in me making the decision to go back again. Great Resort and I will be back, with guest.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent Place to stay	Just returned from a two-week stay at the Desert Rose Resort.No complaints at all. If you are looking for a great base with no casino and a few minutes to strip I would recommend this place. Read all the other positive reviews as I did and you will not be disappointed. We will be returning in the near future.	
Aug 14 2009 	Comfortable Friendly with a Great Price	This a comfortable apartment style hotel close to the strip. It is quiet, clean and friendly. Breakfast is offered every day and provides enough food to carry you through to dinner. The pool area is not large and there is a scramble every morning to grab a free lounger. Rooms are clean and well maintained and all of the appliances are new and work properly.The complimentary manager's reception during the week is a lovely perk. I would stay there again on my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Aug 13 2009 	great stay!!	stayed at desert rose from august 3rd to the 6th, 2 bedroom suite, everything went well!! for the price it is a good deal!! me &amp; wife &amp; 3 daughters stayed here, we will consider this again! everthing went well, good value for the $$ great location!! met our expectations, not bad at all!! probably will stay here again!!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Relaxing and Fun	We own a timeshare in Las Vegas but was not able to reserve our room when we foundout our daughter and grandaughter were coming to visit. So we went on line and wantedsomething close to the airport and and nice in ammenities, that we were accustomed to.Desert Rose was that place! We could walk to the strip or catch the monorail. Our roomwas very comfortable and had everything we needed. The pool and grounds were cleanand staff was very friendly. I would stay again and recommend to friends and family.	
Aug 11 2009 	What a nice surprise!	The room was so cute. It was also great that it was a suite. We had just come back from rafting in the Grand Canyon and it was nice to have space to spread out. You can't go wrong with the price. I wish there were warm meats for breakfast rather than deli meat...but the other offerings made up for it.Definitely something to consider when going to Vegas.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good Location with amenities	We stayed a week visiting relatives and friends and sightseeing. The location is good as it is a short walk and you are on the Strip. Staff was very friendly and helpful. It was clean but is getting tired and in need of some refurbishing of carpets etc. Great continental breakfast and every afternoon free wine and beer and snacks. We had followed a previous review and requested the second floor and it was quiet. Even the checkin clerk admitted that the compressors on the roof are loud for the 3rd floor. They gave away trips on the weekend during the &quot;social hour&quot;. Pool is nice and had small exercise room. It was great having a kitchen and livingroom etc.	
Aug 10 2009 	GREAT PLACE GREAT PRICE!	I stayed at the Desert Rose Resort for one night but wish I stayed the whole vacation. After we checked in we had a welcoming courtesy call. They offer a complimentary breakfast and do a happy hour. The hotel is beautiful and a one bedroom hotel for the cost of 100 or less is Great! Would definitly stay there again. Was right across from Luxor and Tropicana so location is great also!!	
Aug 7 2009 	So nice	Nice location for roomy place to stayWould come again if visiting LV in the future. Have stayed at Planet Hollywood, Luxor, Paris and Flamingo but this is my favourite. Situated behind Hooters and Tropicana, this place is so comfortable. It is a Time Share location but stay there like any hotel. Security is hot there and you should be at ease.	
Aug 7 2009 	perfect	clean,quiet,comfortable,perfect location! stayed 2 nights after exploring zion,brryce.GC	
Aug 7 2009 	Great value perfect place for families	We just spent a night at the Desert Rose. It was a great deal for a family with young kids. Well updated room. Good (unfortunately too crowded) breakfast. Walking distance to MGM Grand, New York New York and Excelsior. Comfortable beds, even the foldout couch. Great A/C. Quiet. Definitely stay here.Oh, and the security personnel was excellent. We got a call at night letting us know that there was an electornic device in the car that was turned on. My husband went to the car to check and the security guy was waiting for him to explain that it's best for us to take the portable DVD player inside, which we did. That's going beyond the call of duty in my book.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great for families and friends!	Stayed in a 1bdrm and 2bdrm during this stay with friends (i had been here before as a timeshare owner) - both families have toddlers. Very family friendly, great pool, incl. a small kid's pool... full kitchen is fantastic and a must-have with kids! nice little porch to hang out on.... Location is great - it is right behind tropicana. easy/short walk across the street to MGM Grand! Free breakfast is decent - coffee is starbucks! clean and pretty modern. had an awesome stay!	
Aug 5 2009 	Awesome hotel!!	We stayed here for about 4 nights, it's a great hotel. We stayed in a two bedroom apartment and it was very nice. And we were very surprised about the price, I thought it was wrong at first.My husband and I stayed in the main bedroom which also fit a crib for our 18month old son. It had an extremely comfortable king size bed, a tv and a really nice ensuite.My sister-in-law and her son stayed in the other bedroom that had a queen bed and a tv.And my brother-in-law stayed on the lounge which had a pull-out sofa.The room had a small balcony, a full kitchen (which was so awesome) and a small dining table and a second bathroom. It had aircon and a really nice pool and spa. It also had a toddler pool which was fantastic for my son. The hotel also had elevators, a laundry room (not free) and internet access (I think it was free, check the website).All up, we stayed in America for 7 weeks and this was one of the best hotels we stayed at.The only down-falls were that a few times I called the desk for some things and they took a while to deliver them...... And the carpet is a bit dirty, so wear your shoes around the room otherwise your socks get disgusting. Didn't encounter any bugs.Highly recommended hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Ideal location family friendly clean and spacious close to Strip but quiet	We have just returned from a week in Las Vegas at the Desert Rose. As a family of four we found the Desert Rose to be a fabulous location and ideal for our needs. Buffet breakfast was fantastic, rooms were huge and contained every convenience. For mum, dad and two daughters of 15 and 21, two one-bedroomed apartments were ideal. Pool facilities are fantastic and manager's 'happy hour every Mon. to Fri. brings guests together. Just 5 minutes away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip gives one the choice of stepping in and out of the full-on Vegas experience at will. Most highly recommended. Maureen and family (in Vegas for Robbie and Lindsay's wedding, July 29th 2009)	
Aug 5 2009 	Home Away from Home	We booked our room online so we weren't sure if it would be a deal or a dud. We were very pleasantly surprised! There wasn't a day go by that we didn't at some point say how glad we were that we stayed at the DR instead of on the Strip. While we only stayed 3 nights, we felt completely at home.If you want a retreat from the fast pace of the Strip but want to be able to hop right back into the shows and casinos when you're ready, DR is the place for you!We're already talking about our next trip to Vegas and wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent value clean 	We booked 2 two bedroom units for the 8 of us and would gladly stay at this venue again. The internet wasn't free back in Feb - that was the only downside. We booked it via expedia while home in Australia and everything went to plan. An excellent holiday.	
Aug 3 2009 	Wish I had found Desert Rose the First time around.	After staying at NY-NY Hotel and Casino, it was Such a Relief to finish our vacation up at Desert Rose. Upon entering our 2 room suite at Desert Rose, both of our teenagers (girl and boy, 16 &amp; 18) asked if we could extend our vacation. Unlike Casino hotels, the Desert Rose is there to serve you as an overnight guest...... you won't get the feeling (as we did at other hotels right on the strip) that the &quot;hotel&quot; is an afterthought of the casino. We were very pleased to say the least, and felt lucky that we had discovered this hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	Wonderful experience	We really enjoyed our stay. The staff were very helpful and always pleasant. The total vacation was very wonderful. Thank you very much for all the help.	
Jul 31 2009 	Everything Came Up Roses at DRR	I just stayed at Desert Rose Resort (DRR), from 27 to 30 July, and I'm happy to report that, once again, following the advice of Trip Advisor (TA) and booking accordingly paid off. I usually stay at one of the Strip hotels or South Point (see my review for that property; still my favorite hotel overall in Vegas), but when I read TA's reviews and noted its very high ranking (no. 4 when I booked last week) for DRR -- and then found a great rate on Expedia ($46/night for a prepaid booking) -- I decided to try something different. I'm glad I did. DRR lives up to the high praise from fellow TA reviewers: its location, suites, and amenities are all excellent; and if you can get anything close to the rate I paid (or close to, say, $100/night on weekends; I usually avoid Vegas on weekends, though), I highly recommend the property.I asked for -- and got -- a nice one-bedroom suite on the third floor of a building on the back side (i.e. closest to the Strip) of the property. (DRR is a garden-apartment style resort, with three-story buildings arranged in a square around the central pool and reception areas.) Checking in and parking couldn't be easier: the process took 2 minutes, and I was off with my room keys and map to park around back, right next to my building. All the gates to the buildings and main facilities are locked and accessible only with one's room key, which worked every time I used it. My suite was just fine: as promised, full kitchen, granite countertops, separate bedroom. The decor and furnishings are very similar to those at the South Point Hotel, so much so -- especially in the bathroom -- that I think DRR used the same company for its makeover. I had two TVs -- they were large CRT units, rather than the promised flatscreens, but that wasn't an issue, as I don't use TVs much in Vegas hotels. Both TVs worked and provided plenty of free channels, and it was handy having one in the living room and one in the bedroom. As some other reviewers have noted, the suites have good, strong A/C (70s/80s-style lever thermostat but works fine), but the temperature in my bedroom was always a few degrees warmer than that in the living area. No matter; I just kept the thermostat low, and the BR was sufficiently cool. I didn't partake of the free continental breakfast, but I appreciated the Starbucks coffee available throughout the day and early evening in the lobby, as well as the free beer and wine from 5 to 7 p.m. Again, a nice touch that sets the DRR apart from most other Vegas hotels.One of the best features of DRR is its location. Las Vegas, which is rarely free of traffic problems, has become particularly unfriendly to the automobile as of late, especially on the surface roads just east of the Strip. Many of the most heavily used roads, including Koval, Harmon, Flamingo, and Tropicana, are undergoing major, traffic jam-inducing reroutings and repairs. Fortunately, DRR is easy to get to, even with the upheaval taking place on Tropicana, and it's a very short drive or walk to the Strip. (The hotel is also accessible from Reno Rd., which is free of construction and leads right to the Strip.) Parking is a dream; you park right next to your building, and that's it. DRR is not very big, either, which adds to its human feel.While I'm a solo traveler, I noticed lots of families with kids at DRR, and I can see why: it's an outstanding value for families, and it really is an attractive, user-friendly property. The full kitchens, decent (though only adequate) pool, and other family-friendly facilities make DRR an excellent choice for most travelers. At night, the property is very quiet, and when in my room, I heard no noise from other guests. If you've been to Vegas before, you know what a rare treat that is. The free wireless internet, which I found to be fast and reliable, is also a great touch and one that you don't find in most Vegas hotels. Unlike some properties that give one limited free wifi in, say, their lobbies or pool areas, DRR's free wifi is available everywhere on the property, including in your suite.While I'll probably stay at one of my favorite regular hotels (S. Point or THEHotel) next time -- I do like the buzz of the bigger hotels -- I'm sure I'll stay again at DRR at some point in the future, and I highly recommend it if you're looking for a great lodging value in Las Vegas.	
Jul 30 2009 	WAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Will start by saying that is the best to stay in Vegas. Desert Rose rooms are not typical hotels rooms, are small apartments. Full kitchen, nice bed, and even a dishwasher. What else: free breakfast, free internet and weekly happy hour with wine and beer. Superb customer service. Well located. Just 5 minutes walk to the Strip through a street between the Desert Rose and the Hooters hotel. No casino, so quiet. Ten minutes to the airport. Only minor complaint could be the small bathroom. But not an issue. I have stayed in the many Vegas hotels, including the Signature. But, after this recent stay in the Desert Rose, it will be my new home in Vegas. In summary: Desert Rose is the place to be in Vegas!	
Jul 30 2009 	Overall it was a wonderful hotel!!!	The hotel was awesome it was great having free breakfast in the morning. It was also nice being only two blocks away from the strip. Our room was also fantastic having a full kitchen was a big plus. The only thing that we didn't love was the pool. The area was nice but we were hoping for a bigger pool. But other than that the hotel was great!	
Jul 30 2009 	Wonderful hotel reasonable rates	Stayed for three nights. The rooms are large and clean. Great air conditioning. Very nice pool. Enjoyed the breakfast and the happy hour that had beer and snacks. Located about a block from the Strip! Great hotel for a reasonable rate.	
Jul 29 2009 	Overall nice place except for the bugs!!!	The hotel is situated in a very convenient location and has a lot of perks. The rooms are cozy and the kitchen is new and great for families. I would have really liked to recommend this hotel, except for a couple of little things crawling around. Yes, the roaches were a huge downfall in our experience. Roaches in the bathroom, around the outside and unfortunately in the lobby where the breakfast is served. The only excuse we were given is the heat. I'm not too sure I buy the excuse, because this is a big chain and they should try to really get rid of the problem. I've stayed at other resorts that experience hot weather like Vegas, and guess what, no ROACHES.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great place to stay.	The Desert Rose is a great place to stay with your family, while in Vegas. It is just off the strip, great rooms and staff. There were 5 of us and the 2 bedroom suite was nice and large. The continental breakfast was well stocked with muffins, toast, fruit, bagels, hard boiled eggs, and cereal. Was nice not having to go out to eat for breakfast while staying there. Happy Hour from 5pm-7pm on the weeknights is a plus. They served beer, wine, pop, nacho's and pretzels. We paid $65.40 a night for our room, and there were no hidden fees. Small but nice pool for swimming, had bbq grills and picnic tables if you want to grill. This was our families first time in Vegas and we would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 28 2009 	The Desert Rose Resort is absolutely wonderful!	Our stay at the Desert Rose Resort was absolutely wonderful. The rooms were excellent. The staff was excellent. Everything was excellent. I would recommend this resort to anyone.	
Jul 28 2009 	Nice Rooms	The rooms were very nice and I loved that they had kitchen supplies - it really cut down on our cost for eating out because we were able to prepare meals in the room. I was not a fan of the breakfast however, I would of preferred something hot instead of the selection they offered. All in all...nice place.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great experience for the family	My family truly enjoyed the stay at Desert Rose Resort. The staff was very helpful and kind wiht any questions and help around the resort. WIll stay there again when going to Vegas.	
Jul 25 2009 	Like staying at a timeshare without the presentation	Booked based on reviews and price. Close to the south end of the strip ( 1 block from MGM, Tropicana, Luxor, Excalibur). Nice accomodations, full kitchen, quiet. Nice that you don't have to walk forever from your car to your room. (like the big casinos) Liked the complimentary happy hour (beer, wine, soft drinks, nuts, few snacks). Staff very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 24 2009 	Perfect for a Girls Getaway	We had a two bedroom two bathroom suite, and it was ideal for three ladies. There were two twin size beds in one room and a king size bed in the other. There was even a queen size hide-a-bed in the living room. We could have easily had up to three more ladies in this suite for a VERY, VERY reasonable price. Our suite was very clean, though a little worn (the furniture and the carpet could stand to be replaced). The bathrooms were immaculate, the beds were sooo comfy, and the sheets were so nice that we were all trying to figure out what kind they were so we could get some for our beds back home. It was great having a full kitchen and a dining table with seating for 4. There is a Wal-mart 3 - 5 miles away, but be warned - if you don't have a car it will cost you $45 round trip by taxi to go there for supplies. There was a flat screen TV in the living room and 32 inch TV's in each bedroom. There was even a balcony with two chairs on it where our one smoker was able to sit just off of the living room and smoke. She visits Vegas often, and she said this was fantastic because she usually stays at one of the casinos and has to go all the way downstairs into the casino to smoke (she prefers a non-smoking room because of her non-smoking husband). The breakfast was very good, with lots of variety. The managers reception was really nice considering that drinks were costing us $7 - $12 EACH in the clubs and bars on the strip. This place is located just off of the south end of the strip, adjacent to the airport, about a 5 - 10 minute walk to MGM, Luxor, Excaliber. Even though it is so close to the airport that I think it shares a property line, we were never bothered by planes landing or taking off. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. This is definitely the place to stay if you have a family gathering or a group of friends that want to stay together but don't want to be crowded into a standard hotel room. Really, I can't say enough good things about this place.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice place	Check in was quick and easy. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We had a 1-bedroom suite. It was very spacious. The full kitchen came in handy. Overall it was a great stay.	
Jul 23 2009 	We had a great stay	We had a wonderful stay, the staff and Housekeeping were very helpful and friendly. The room we had was a 1 bedroom and it was beautiful. 1 block away from Hooters and 2 blocks from the vegas strip. We thought it was wonderful. We would definitely go back again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Very comfortable and quiet	First time here but it won't be the last. Quiet, and we loved the complimentary breakfast in the AM. The only complaint was the washing machines were not working.	
Jul 21 2009 	A nice spot near the strip for a family	The Desert Rose was easy to find as four tired travelers made our way in from the car rental station at the airport. Check-in was a breeze. Once we got to the suite, the kids instantly decided that they loved the room with the queen bed and the couch. My wife and I woke early the next morning and hit the limited breakfast (that was because service started a bit later on weekends). We made a trip down Tropicana to Vons in order to pick up some supplies for the rest of the week. I even had a little time after breakfast to walk down to the Strip with the two (under 10 minutes to get to the bridge between the Tropicana and Excalibur) before we had to head to the airport for our 3-day rafting trip. My wife was on her own for the next two nights, and the concierge (who was fantastic) helped her decide the best ways to hit the Strip and see some shows at night. The hotel is also very close to the airport (an easy cab ride) but we didn’t hear any noise from the busy airport. One common question on the forums is whether it's safe to walk back to the hotel at night, and my wife (who doesn't like big cities) said that she never felt uncomfortable. What are some of the negatives about this hotel? The rooms will probably be a letdown for anyone that thinks they are going to a top-of-the-line resort that’s just off the strip, based on the stellar rating on TA. That is not the case, and to the Desert Rose’s credit, they are only billed as a 3-star hotel on TA. I’ve found that bathrooms say a lot about a hotel. The ones in our room left a lot to be desired, especially the one of the master bedroom, which was tiny. The resort also had a very crowded feeling at times, such as the peak times for the breakfasts/receptions, any time that the pool was in demand, or even when trying to find a parking space for the night. One other thing our teenagers commented on was the odor we were hit with when we walked down to the Strip through the Hooters lot. That’s nothing that the Desert Rose can control this, but it did make a lasting impression on our kids. Bottom line: would I stay here again? Maybe, if I were going on the same sort of trip where I needed a place for room our full family of four to stretch out for two nights, and one that was close enough to the strip that my wife could walk to some of the shows on the two nights that three of us were gone. But I'd probably pick somewhere else if walking to the strip was not a consideration, since it is very easy to drive from other parts of town to some of the casinos, if needed. And I also would suggest against the hotel for anyone who is interested in being in the hustle and bustle of some of the four or five star casino resorts in Vegas -- the Desert Rose would not fit their desires. I also think it's a bit of a stretch to call the hotel a &quot;Resort&quot;, since it is just a quality 3-star hotel a block off the strip. I knocked my overall rating down a notch because of that, since the hotel does seem to be a bit overrated on TA. I also rounded down because of the followup email that the Shell Hospitality group sent out with a link to the TA review, since that probably contributes to overrating problem on TA.	
Jul 21 2009	Great place - great value and location and family-friendly	This is a comfortable, clean, convenient no-casino hotel with a great free weekday happy hour with beer, wine and snacks and a nice lobby to hang out with friends. The pool was great and having all suites with kitchens was a big plus. Perfect home base for our Grand Canyon rafting trip!	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Place Second Time even better than the First	The front desk was wonderful and even helped us switch rooms. We ended up being one of those groups that kept having to ask for help. They were wonderful every time.Great Location, easy walk but no casino crowds or noise.	
Jul 18 2009 	Very nice front desk staff	The location was convenient and walking distance to the Strip. The complementary breakfast and coffee were nice to have. The front desk was very helpful during both check-in and check out.	
Jul 18 2009	great place great staff great service.	The staff was friendly, and helpful. The room was quiet and very comfortable, and CLEAN. The pool was great. We enjoyed our stay very much and we WILL return again.	
Jul 17 2009 	An Oasis in the City	This hotel exceeded all of our expectations. Our two bedroom apartment was not ready when we checked in, but we were given two, one-bedroom apartments which worked out great for us. The beds were extremely comfortable and the apartments were quite luxurious, spacious, and well-furnished. Coffee was provided in the room each day (Starbucks) and toiletries were always replenished. We had read complaints about the breakfast, so were pleasantly surprised by the abundance of food offered. There were bagels, packaged danish and muffins, bread, cheese, turkey or ham, boiled eggs, and fruit along with gourmet coffee, sodas, and juices. There were always lots of people there and no seats were available, so we always took the food back to the apartment and prepared it there. I was amazed that the staff was able to replenish the food so quickly, as people were taking it as fast as it could be put out. The hotel offers a happy hour for two hours each day (5-7), with complimentary wine, beer, sodas, and snacks. The pool was refreshing, but very busy during the weekend. The spa was nice and hot. There were plenty of chairs around the pool. The location was excellent....two blocks from Luxor and MGM. We had a car and usually drove to a hotel / casino and used the valet to park there ($3 tip). It was so hot that this worked out great (though the valet lots were sometimes full, in which case we self-parked in the lot). However, it is an easy walk from the hotel to Luxor, MGM, and Hooters from the hotel (10-15 minutes). I highly recommend this wonderful hotel. It was our home away from home for four nights and we would definitely stay here again if we return to Vegas.	
Jul 17 2009 	Totally recommended!	Great, clean, calm place and I agree with most of the positive comments already summarized by others. One thing I would like to add is: have you ever seen the check in/check out lines in the Luxor, MGM, Bellagio etc? A nightmare- they are miles long! You won't have this problem here because is a much smaller and more personal place! I certainly will come back here if I should visit Las Vegas again!	
Jul 17 2009 	short walk to strip	We had a great stay at the Desert Rose. We had breakfast in our room every day and free beer at happy hour in the lobby. It was a short walk to the MGM Grand and Luxor. Always plenty to do in Las Vegas. Fitness room and pool were available. We would definately return again. Also free internet.	
Jul 17 2009 	Family friendly without all the dingdingding	We were in Vegas for a karate tournament that my husband and young daughters competed in. It was also the weekend for UFC 100, so it was quite busy. Desert Rose Resort was close enough to the strip to be where we wanted when we wanted, but it was far enough away to be away from all the slot machines and noise of the strip. The rooms were beautiful and comfortable. The complimentary breakfast was quick and easy enough to get us going in the morning. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jul 17 2009 	What a great hotel !	We stayed at the Desert Rose for 2 weeks in June after seeing it on our last visit in Vegas in September (when we stayed elsewhere) and we were not disappointed.The room was lovely and spacious and cleaned daily to a high standard. We had only one problem with our hairdryer and that was replaced within 10 minutes of my enquiry.The pool was lovely with whirlpool and free towels.Could maybe do with a few more chairs/loungers but seeing as people are coming and going from the pool all day it's no great problem to get one.The free breakfast and managers reception was an added bonus.The staff are all very friendly and helpful whatever your request.It is very quiet and as we are not gamblers it is great not to have the bustle of a casino.Only 15 or so minutes to the MGM Grand for the monorail and about the same to the strip for the deuce.All in all a brilliatnt place to stay and we have already booked for 2 weeks end of June next year.	
Jul 17 2009 	So glad we chose the Desert Rose Resort!	We traveled to Las Vegas in early April. At the time, our son was 20 months old, so we wanted a quiet place to stay that had a separate spot for him to sleep. The Desert Rose Resort was perfect! It was off the strip, but not too far. It was quiet and very spacious. The staff were very helpful and friendly.This place is perfect for families with young children, or for someone who wants a quiet non-flashy place to stay. If you're looking for a hotel with a casino, this is not for you. Otherwise, stay here! You won't be disappointed.	
Jul 16 2009 	great family hotel	A wonderful, low-key break from the casinos. Easy access to the Strip, but far enough away to escape for a quiet evening. Particularly good for family travel with teenage or younger children. Resort was well maintained. Only downsides included very slow wireless internet connection and noise from air conditioning unit.	
Jul 15 2009 	Best Place for family near the strip	We stayed at Desert Rose for 4 nights on our trip to Las Vegas recently. This is a family-friendly establishment with nice rooms, balcony, high-speed wireless, free breakfast, evening reception on weekdays, exceptional pool facility and fitness center, and within walking distance to the strip. To top it off, their prices are amazingly low. Our kids stayed in the pool most of the time because it was extremely hot in Vegas. They also made lots of friends in the pool and left us alone to enjoy. None of us like gambling, but we took a stroll along the strip in the nights to enjoy people and architecture. Kids loved the Adventuredome at circus-circus and hiking in the nearby red rock canyon. Highly recommended for families.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel 	I just loved this hotel. For the value and the location. Its right by the airport and by the strip which is nice. The rooms were awesome! The moment you step into the lobby they were the friendliest group of workers in the the whole state of nevada. They took care of everything and promptly as well. Even security was deligjhtful I believe her name was Lisa she helped me with directions.In the words of Aronld, &quot; I WILL BE BACK&quot;.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Alternative to LV Hotels with great value	Friendly and efficient reservations and onsite staff. A little slow at check in when groups arrive. Size of registration desk is fairly small and number of employees to process registrations is limited. Managers specials, breakfast and happy hours are backlogged because of poor traffic flow and limited space to accommodate the guests trying to be served. Minor nuisance waiting in line but it's offset by the nice facilities, friendly staff and value when compared to the typical LV hotel. I would recommend to others traveling to LV. Have fun!	
Jul 15 2009 	great	the hotel couldn't have been more convenient, clean or comfortable. will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 14 2009 	Hotel halls not clean but room was big.	I was not impressed when I walked down the hall to my room and the carpet in the hall was dirty. When I complained about the carpet being dirty I was told by the front desk I was told that they sometimes clean the carpet. No management was offered to speak with me. Also, I thought the pool was cloudy and there was no towels when I went to the pool at the end of the day. I did not care for the outside appearance of the facility. I thought it looked a lot better on line. The daily breakfast was great and a big savings. The 2 bedroom unit met my family of five needs and was big enough for us to be very comfortable. Overall I was not impressed. I felt that for 150.00 per night I could have stayed in a nicer place on the strip.	
Jul 14 2009 	very comfortablegood size rooms clean would recommend.	We were very pleased with this hotel, we had a two bed apartment that was well equipped (although no hotel in America seems to supply kettle and t-bags!!) only coffee maker, it was clean and tidy. There is a short walk to the strip - not far and its really nice to have somewhere quieter to come away from the strip to.Complimentary breakfast,very good but be early to get a seat. Good pool and seating, we were traveling three teenagers, this was the best hotel we stayed in for space/value.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great alternative from a casino hotel...simple but close to everything.	We caught a rafting trip from here...it was clean, large rooms, surprisingly quiet and only a block from the MGM. A cab ride to the airport was only $8-10. Breakfast was ok, the staff very friendly/helpful and a mini-store was next to the front desk. Compared to the monster casino hotels, it was nice to walk in right to the front desk and get to your room within a couple minutes. It is larger than it seems, eat breakfast early or stake our your pool chair before the crowd wakes up.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fantastic hotel - would highly recommennd	Just returned (13th July 2009) from a 2 week stay at the Desert Rose Resort, great place to stay, located about 5 mins, (slow walk), from the strip, friendly staff, nice well equiped kitchen. Only drawback is the pool area, it's not big enough for the amount of guests, getting a sun lounger after 8am is near impossible.	
Jul 13 2009 	Relaxing and Reliable	Stayed here for the third time in Vegas. Great getaway from the Strip even though it's right behind it! 5 minute walk to MGM and the Strip. Very clean quiet and relaxing resort. Bonus free breakfast and free drinks from 5-7pm to relax by the pool with. Free wi-fi unlike the Strip resorts that charge.Great for families wanting to get away from the casino's. Front desk staff is very nice and helpful. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 13 2009 	Wonderful facility ~ absolutely loved it!	I just returned yesterday from a four-night stay. My friend and I wanted personal privacy and yet an area to socialize and relax upon our return to our room. The two-bedroom, two-bath suite was perfect for our needs. I was impressed from the first moment of my arrival: everyone was courteous, efficient, and helpful. Our rooms were exceptionally clean and well-appointed. It was such a pleasure to have a full kitchen with all necessary items readily available. I have already started to plan my next trip with my daughter, her husband, and our two granddaughters. My only regret is that it looks as if we will have to wait until the spring. Thank you to everyone there for a great time!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great trip.	Location is one block off the strip away from some of the hustle and bustle. Easy walk to all the casinos on the southern strip. Staff was great, concierge was very helpful. Room was nice and the bed was very comfortable. Free continental breakfast was great to help save a few dollars in Vegas.	
Jul 13 2009 	great price better stay	the staff was friendly, service was great, i will be back and would recommend this place to all my family and friends. It is close to the strip to walk to, but far enough to enjoy peace and quiet.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great place to stay	We was very impressed with the comfort and cleanliness of this resort. There was a great pool and the breakfast was very enjoyable. The hotel staff was very accomodating and the service was great. We was only a short distance from all the action of the srtip but was still very quiet. I would definately recommend this resort to anyone. Sincerely Mrs Angie Lewis	
Jul 9 2009 	best value in las vegas	This is a great place to stay, close to the strip but away from the madness. The only problem I had with them is that they were out of milk on Sunday and some breakfast items on Monday. The staff is very friendly and helpful, particularly the concierge. Other than that I would recommend them to anyone coming to Las Vegas.	
Jul 9 2009 	BEST Family Friendly Resort	We are SVC owners and loved our first stay with our points!! This place is unlike the Vegas hotels that are not family friendly in terms of smoking, gambling, night life but has all the amenities of a Vegas hotel on the strip and more: pool, spa, fitness center, free breakfast, laundry, BBQ grills (we grilled), full kitchens (we cooked), comfortable beds, nice furniture, great view from our unit, free wine/cheese evenings, nice/helpful staff, clean unit, well kept grounds, and is walking distance to all the glitz of Vegas if that's what you're into. As a mother of two teens I was impressed I could have it ALL in Vegas at this hotel, on a busy holiday weekend!!	
Jul 9 2009 	Great room for the price	We stay at the Desert Rose on the 17th of June for a week and I really can't say a bad thing about the place. a full kitchen and living room and nice bedroom with a comfortable bed. The only down side we found were. The bathroom was a bit small and the view of outside. we got a room on the ground floor facing what looked like a laundry room. We did try the breakfast on the first day and weren't impressed. It is free but unless you just fancy cereal and a tea/coffee its not really worth a visit. For the price and what you get i doubt you can do better that close to the strip.	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent	Just returned,Hotel was excellent from fast check in,arrived just after 1pm and started to unpack in our room within 10 mins,breakfast was free and excellent,bagels,toast,ham egg and cheese,with plenty of fresh juice.Did tend to get busy round about 8am ish.However did not seem to be a big problem, Plenty of towels and beds available arounf the pool most days,there were odd days when most of the beds,were gone by 10am. Felt safe going and returning from strip at night,always turned right from the front door heading towards hooters/mgm,crossing at the end of the road to MGM front lobby.Happy hour 5-7 Monday to Friday,free beer and wine with small nibblesStaff were friendly and always greeted you with a hello and a smile.taxi from airport $13 no tunnel !, $10.50 return?taxi from Freemont $21taxi from Stratosphere hotel $19Why go anywhere else?	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfect	This place was perfect for the 5 of us. We had 3 children with us; ages 12, 14, and 18. We had lots of space. It was really nice to have the full kitchen. The kids enjoyed swimming every day. The free breakfast was a good start to the day. We had 3 tvs so when relaxing in the hotel, we could have 3 different channels on. My husband and I checked our work email every day from our room using the free Internet access. The location was convenient to all the places we went to. Our room was clean and the staff was friendly. The parking was close to our room. This was our first stay at Desert Rose and we would definitely stay there again if we go back to Las Vegas.	
Jul 8 2009 	Surprisingly Affordable for First Class Quality	I was impressed first of all, by the appearance of the resort - very clean and well taken care of. Following that, every step of the way, we were more and more impressed. Check in was a breeze, no waiting and friendly, cheerful reservation clerks.Parking excellent and close to our room. The room was top class - furniture was comfortable and fashionable. The pool was awesome. Always had plenty of towels at the pool side, plenty of lounge chairs and tables.The continental breakfast was on time - just what you needed in the morning if you didnt feel like cooking or heading out to a gi-normous buffet.The entire staff we came into contact with were outstanding from the front receptionist, the maintenance staff to the housekeeping staff.The walking distance to the strip seemed like a &quot;hop, skip and a jump&quot; and we were very very happy that it was so close.The price of the room was phenomenal! I could go on and on. Needless to say, we will be telling everyone about the Desert Rose and we definitely plan to come back in the future.	
Jul 6 2009 	Gem in the Desert	Desert Rose Inn &amp; Resort - was by far the nicest hotel I've every stayed in! It's about 2 blocks off the strip and they are like mini apartments. They have a fully stocked kitchen, dining room, bedroom, bathroom, private balcony, pool, hot tub. The maid even does your dishes. The staff is very friendly and the grounds &amp; rooms are clean. You can hit the strip in the morning and go to the pool in the afternoon and then go out on the town at night. Very nice hotel - would recommend to my friends.	
Jul 6 2009 	Quiet clean good value  off strip	Desert Rose is an excellent value Shell Vacations Club hotel resort. Have stayed there twice in the last few years. This trip was even better than the first. Rooms clean and quiet. However, the breakfast was boring - same food everyday for 8 days. The pool was nice but people tended to set up camp in the lounge chairs early and never leave all day. But convenient walking distance location next to Hooters and MGM and monorail.	
Jul 6 2009 	loved it!!!	ive just got back from a weeks stay at the desert rose las vegas and i loved it. the rooms were big and had everything u needed in there plus more. good location within minutes walk to the strip. it is nice to get out of the madness of the strip this is perfect!! done a trip through the hotel which was very good. hotel staff were very happy to help with everything.very good vale for money would stay here again	
Jul 6 2009 	A winner!	A perfect way to &quot;win&quot; in Las Vegas! No gaming on site, but close enough that you can play a little to popular casinos. Breakfast had a good selection. Rooms were clean- loved the individual balcony.	
Jul 6 2009 	This place was the best hotel we styed in during our entirre month long trip! Extremely impressive!	Desert Rose is a 5 minute walk from MGM Grand which means you get the advantage of being close to the strip and avoid the disadvantages of staying on it. The entire resort is spotless and the room cleaning staff even did our dishes for us. The room was massive, with a double room, dining area,open plan living room, fully fitted modern kitchen, walk in wardrobe, dress area, bathroom and balcony. It also had free wi-fi throughout the whole complex.The staff were extremely friendly and the free breakfast was the most comprehensive continental breakfast we had during our trip - (bagels, ham, eggs, muffins, bananas, toast, yoghurt and cerals). On the weekdays they provided free, yes completely free, wine and beer between 5-7pm along with snacks, like nachos, tacos etc. The pool was a good size and very clean. Although we didn't use the fitness studio it was very well equipped and as with everything on the complex, spotlessly clean. I really don't have enough superlatives at hand to describe how great we thought this hotel was and for the price it is a real find ($370 for 5 nights).We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves here and were disappointed we had to leave to go to another hotel (Riviera) to meet up with family - we spent the entire time at the Riviera reminiscing about the Desert Rose, especially since the Riviera was more expensive than the Desert Rose but not even half the quality. If you get the chance to book here do it, you will most definitely not regret it!	
Jul 5 2009 	A wonderful week in Las Vegas/Desert Rose Resort	The Desert Rose Resort is part of the Shell Vacation Club of which we are owners and the management and staff of the resort made our weeks stay absolutely very comfertable relaxing and certainly felt like home away from home.The Resort is well situated within walking distance of the Strip and also handy to the MGM Studios Resort where the Monorail begins.The staff were very friendly and always willing to assist when necessary.We would recommend this resort to all ages and families. Thank you The Desert Rose, we will be back. John and Gail Sobota, Queensland Australia.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great Value	The room I booked was a 1 bd room. Living room was quite specious with a pull out sofa bed, the kitchen was well equipped, and the bed room had a nice king bed with good matress. Only thing is that the bathroom was very small. They do not do a very good job cleaning the rooms. I stayed a whole week and I had to call the front desk twice as they did not clean the room or they did not leave any towels. Over all experience of the hotel was good. Except for the issue with house keeping. Also, hot water was a problem. Great Value for your money! Loved the Happy Hour!	
Jul 5 2009 	Family Friendly	Non gaming resort - good if you need to visit Vegas for reasons other than everybody else. Felt like Phoenix instead. No slot machines, no long lines at check in. Parked the car near our room. Super friendly and efficient staff. Even the cleaning folks have smiles and say hello when you pass them in the hall. We had a family reunion in Vegas - my father's 75th birthday. We appreciated the weekday happy hour because all fifteen of us could sit in the lobby and chat. Beer, chardonnay, merlot, and white zin - and plenty of it, along with snacks that ranged from peanuts and pretzels to lasagna. Their daily breakfast was good - bagels, toast, cereal, ham, hard boiled eggs - enough to fill your tummy. Convenient location. Can't say anything bad. Good job DRR.	
Jul 4 2009 	Would return	Great place to stay. Clean and comfortable. Breakfast and evening drinks reception are good. Nice to get away from hustle and bustle of the strip.	
Jul 2 2009 	A Wonderful Stay	We would not stay anywhere eles but Desert Rose, it's a home away from home.Thanks to the staff and the wonderful services they provide.	
Jun 30 2009 	Very clean comfortable spacious hotel!	As a family of 5 we found this hotel to be very easy to settle into. We stayed in the two bedroom, 2 bathroom suite and it was very spacious. The bedrooms were very clean, and the beds comfortable! The bathrooms as well were very clean. There was a small kitchen with microwave, and refrigerator which were both very handy. The complimentary breakfast was always well stocked throughout the morning. It was nice to be about an easy two block walk to the strip, and be away from all the noise at night.. It was our first visit to Vegas from Pennsylvania, and I would definetly recommend this hotel to family and friends!	
Jun 29 2009 	An Oasis	I enjoyed my stay at the Desert Rose. This was my first visit. I usually stay at a casino hotel but this was so much nicer...breakfast every morning, a wonderful suite, very quiet. Truly an oasis right off the strip!	
Jun 29 2009	Great place to stay	I stayed here for medical reasons for two weeks, it was close to my doctors office. The rooms are large and spacious and clean. Maid service was good, except they only vacumed when i asked and they never mopped, although when i asked the front desk they said they vacuum daily, which they did not! We had an issue with our garbage disposal, and for some reason they wanted to be cheap and not hire a plumber so it kept breaking and it was an inconvienience, it never was fixed which was a pain, esp since we cooked most days to save money. If you are traveling for pleasure this place is close enough to the strip you can enjoy the Vegas Strip life, but far enough away to have peace and quiet. The pool is nice, but small and the chairs fill up quickly. The morning breakfast is nice, and so is the afternoon receptions. They have two really nice grills (natural gas) by the pool you can use too, they were popular when i was there...got lots of use. The balcony makes a nice touch, nice to sit outside and enjoy some fresh air, can't really do that with the big strip rooms.Overall great place to stay, would recommend and would return if needed...The one complaint, i wish they had a door on the bathroom sink area, it was a pain if you needed to do something and someone was sleeping.	
Jun 29 2009 	Perfect - would definitely go back	This is the second year in a row that I have chosen to stay at this resort. My father lives in Vegas and so the visit is necessary. Last year, I ended up spending a lot of time in the hotel as I had pneumonia most of the holiday and can attest to the comfort of the room. This year was less dramatic, but the room was clean, well-appointed and the customer service was excellent. Staff were very helpful in assisting me with a family emergency. This will continue to be my home away from home on any future visits to Vegas.	
Jun 27 2009 	Disappointing in the little things	Room was great: clean, large and comfortable. I stayed for four nights and the maid service was good. Now for the less pleasant bits: there were multiple exterior doors whose locks did not regularly work with the room key. It was a pain to have to walk longer distances late at night to find an exterior door that worked. Same problem with the laundry room. This problem was worse because parking lots were chained off at night, limiting the ways in to the facility after 10 pm. The morning breakfast service was always quite crowded but they did at least spread out the serving tables so the crowded were dispersed.	
Jun 26 2009 	Very good hotel	We stayed 4 nights at the hotel. It was really comfortable and we were fully satisfied with all our needs. If we ever come back to Vegas, we will definitely stay there again!	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Resort for families with small kids	Great hotel with a condo feel. Perfect for families with kids - just off the strip and NO casino. We loved that we were close to everything but did not have to constantly walk our kids through a casino to get to our room. Our room was great, bed very comfortable and loved having a full kitchen. Continental Breakfast was good and Manager's Reception a nice break before dinner. Kids loved the pool and also the small kiddie pool.	
Jun 24 2009 	What More Could You Ask For! Comfortable and Close to Everything!	We stayed at the Desert Rose for 3 nights while at a wedding in Vegas. We SAVED so much money because of the kitchen and the place was so comfortable. The breakfast was very nice. The staff was exceptional. Do not think twice about this resort. If you have the opportunity to stay here than do it. It was the best stay I ever had in Vegas. Will definitely book here again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Comfortable 	Resort is close to the strip yet far enough to be peaceful. The room felt very clean and modern. The layout of the one bedroom we stayed in was less than ideal with children along (a teen and a 20 year old); in order to access the bathroom, one had to go through the bedroom. Not a major concern, but privacy may be an issue.	
Jun 24 2009 	The least sparkling hotel in Las Vegas but the best gem!	The reception desk was OK, there was no one to help us with our bags and show us to our room, but I can live with that. The location of this hotel is absolutely fantastic - a 10 minute drive from the airport, and a short walk to MGM Grand, Tropicana and the main hotels on the strip. The room itself was large, with a living room with TV, bedroom, bath/shower, fully equipped kitchen, and a dining room and balcony. Totally excellent, as I'm sure all the other guests and comments on here will agree!The hotel is great. We didn't have much to do with the staff but they seemed OK and friendly. The only two critisisms I can find are the rather chaotic breakfast area and the rather small pool where it was difficult to find a sun lounger after 9am. But then you don't come to Vegas for bland muffins and a small pool do you?!	
Jun 23 2009	Comfortable convenient good value	This non-gambling, family friendly, hotel was a pleasure to stay at. The hotel suite apartment was a plus. The more than adequate breakfast was very appreciated since we had an early departure. Our group enjoyed the happy hour, pool and hot tub after a log day of traveling. The location was close enough to the strip that we could have dinner and walk down Las Vegas Blvd. When we return to Las Vegas we will certainly give the Desert Rose serious consideration.	
Jun 23 2009 	Awesome Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Desert Rose Resort and had a wonderful time. It’s only a block of the strip, so you get to enjoy the lights without the noise. It perfect for saving money on meals (dining on the strip can be expensive) with the kitchen that’s included in every suite; plus there's a continental breakfast and happy hour. The bed was super comfortable and very private. I will be staying here again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Loved it!	Everyone that was working was friendly.We LOVED cocktail hour.The pool was always at a satisfactory temperature.There was not a bus stop on/near our road. We had to walk to Excalibur, Luxor, or MGM. About a 10 min walk.We will definitely stay there every time we go back!	
Jun 22 2009 	Perfect family environment!!	This was our second time staying at the Desert Rose in Las Vegas. It is a perfect wonderful resort for families. As long as you aren't concerned about staying in a casino, this is the place to be. You just walk across the street right into the MGM. I really enjoy it here because it is off the beaten path, yet walking distance onto the strip. I would recommend this resort to anyone. I do have one question though, where do you get those WONDERFUL white down like comforters with the white trim around them?? I would really like to find out to see if I could get one.	
Jun 20 2009 	The Desert Rose Resort was perfect for us.	The Desert Rose has a friendly efficient staff. It is a nice place within walking/bus distance of major gambling establishments. In addition it serves a good continental breakfast and has a nice wine/appetizers reception in the early evening. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 19 2009 	spacious condos	We have stayed at the Desert Rose quite a few times and it is great value for money - love the breakfast, its plentiful for anyone. The rooms are spacious and there is everything a family/couple could need and more besides - fridge/freezer microwave etc, its home from home...perhaps if you were to look for something to moan about then it would be that the carpets need cleaning, and possibly up-grade the settees now, but i think they are starting to do that already....if you have a family and need a clean homely place to stay, then this is it..accessable for the strip and anything else you may wish to do in the fun city.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great place to stay!	It's a home away from home. Quiet &amp; relaxing. Staff was very helpful. Comfortable beds. Worth every penny. Will definitely go back when visiting Vegas.	
Jun 18 2009 	totally fabolous!	This was my second time staying at the Desert Rose in Las Vegas and just like the first stay it was absolutely fabolous! I love that it's off the strip but within walking distance of some of the major casinos. I love that they have happy hour (mon-friday), and breakfast at the resort. I love that the rooms are always clean and comfy and quiet. The staff is very friendly and wanted to make sure our stay was enjoyable. I can't say too many nice things about the resort. I actually just booked another reservation at this resort for a group of friends of mine at the end of the summer and I can't wait to return to the Desert Rose!	
Jun 18 2009 	What a Nice Resort	Not your typical casino resort...clean, friendly staff, nicely laid out and decorated...quite a bit different than typical hotels in Las Vegas...no bar or casino, which I appreciated very much...convient parking	
Jun 18 2009 	Desert Rose Resort	We stayed Jun.6th,2009 for two nights the resort was very nice. Grounds well keep. Pool clean. Rooms were very nice and clean.No need to go out and eat stove, dishes, pots, pans,refrigerator, a mini suite, dishwasher, microwave just like home. Breakfast had a lot to choose from as well .Would recommend this resort as a &quot;A&quot; for the staff and the reasons above.	
Jun 18 2009 	Nothing but nice things to say	We stayed at the Desert Rose last week for 4 nights. I have nothing but nice things to say about it. We were in a one bedroom and had our two 18 year old daughters with us. The pool was nice (we were there right when it opened so no problems finding chairs), my husband used the exercise facility, breakfast was good (we were up early so not that crowded), attended the afternoon &quot;happy hour&quot; drinks and snacks (nice), used the concierge service to get tickets to tPhantom of the Opera and she was GREAT help! Rooms were nice and one daughter kept asking if we could just stay. Even with walking to Hooters to catch a taxi, my feet said we had to go home. Thanks for making it a special week.	
Jun 18 2009 	A quiet comfortable complex only 10-15minutes walk from the strip	My partner and I had a very comfortable 6 night stay at the Desert Rose Resort back in March 09. We had a one bedroom self -contained apartment which was very clean, quiet , well equipped and maintained by management. It was only a 10-15 minute walk to the MGM Grand where you could easily pick up the Deuce (consider at least 24 hr bus ticket if not a 3 day ticket as works out a lot cheaper) and begin your day hopping on and off the bus and exploring the strip at your leisure. There is a Vonns Supermarket just a few blocks east along Tropicana Av and we were able to use our Deuce bus ticket to travel there and stock up on groceries as the kitchen in the apartment was excellent and a great way on saving money on eating out all the time. The resort offered a complimentary breakfast every morning which had a good choice of breakfast items and their free wine hour during the week was a welcome relief for tired feet. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Wonderful Stay	The room was great, the staff very helpful, the location was great! We drove so the free parking was a bonus! We took advantage of the continental breakfast and the pool.	
Jun 16 2009 	We stayed at the Desert Rose for 5 nights	We stayed at the Desert Rose for 5 nights. The location is great, a short walk to the MGM Grand and monorail station and a 3-block walk to hotels on the Strip. Parking is free and conveniently located right in front of the building. It has fast check-in without the crowds at other hotels. The rooms are big: separate living room with sofa, TV, kitchen table, kitchen with everything you need (microwave, oven, cooktop, toaster, blender, coffee maker, large refridgerator and all the silverware and china you need), bedroom with another TV, bathroom with separate bathtub and toilet. Also every room has a balcony with 2 chairs.Our room on the second floor was quiet. The AC is noisy when it comes on but it is located in the living room and does not make as much noise in the bedroom. The staff is very friendly, hard-working, and they are trying their best during the busy breakfast time. Breakfast includes bread, bagels, packaged pastries, fresh fruit, yogurt, cereals, cold cuts, boiled eggs, oatmeal, juices, milk, coffee and tea. Breakfast is very crowded. One suggestion would be to expand breakfast hours until 10 am for the late night gamblers and to ease the congestion in the morning. One negative point, the birds have learned about breakfast too and sitting outside means watching your food very carefully.On weekdays evening there is a reception with free wine and beer, various snacks like chips and salsa and something warm, like eggrolls, tacos, etc. In the lobby area there is always free Starbucks coffee.The staff is very friendly, the rooms and grounds are clean, all non-smoking, the area feels secure and quiet. WIreless internet worked great, fast and reliable. There is a small fitness center which is sufficiently equipped. The pool area has a BBQ for grilling your own food. The pool is on the smaller site and often crowded. There is also a mini convenience store onsite and directions to nearby grocery stores.	
Jun 15 2009 	Made for the perfect vacation	There are no words to express how wonderful our experience at this hotel was. We had a hard time finding a hotel that could accomodate our large family in Vegas, when we came across the web site for this hotel we were thrilled to find a suite that would accomodate our needs. Everything from making the reservation, to finding it, to check in was easy and pleasant. The staff could not have been more welcoming or helpful during our entire stay. For a large family on a tight budget there truly could not be a better place in Vegas to stay. We were pleased with the location- it makes getting around Vegas quite simple. While we did not take part in the activities (due to other family obligations) we were pleased to see the number of things this hotel offers. We feel that your web site does not due this hotel justice!! We have family that lives in Vegas so we will be back and we will definately be staying at The Desert Rose Resort!!!	
Jun 14 2009 	Best suite on strip for the cost	Stayed here this past week after reading such good reviews on this site- we were very pleased with the room, location, comfy bed, fully stocked kitchen, nice hot tub, free beer on wk days, view of the strip, walking distance to Hooter's pool, and easy access to and from everywhere else. It has so many positives... we will stay here again if given the chance.However it is true that this property is a long walk to the main strip- you can see MGM from here but walking to it is a LONG stroll. And there's lots of traffic so it's better to walk to Hooters, then Tropicana.. and so on. It's also true that the air conditioners are loud but they work incredibly well... so didn't bother us. The last and only other non-positive thing is that because it's not on the strip some clubs will not offer you the complimentary pickup. And taxis seem to like to take the long way back here... so rent a car for heaven's sake. This place is awesome and the only place to stay if you're not wanting to buy a timeshare or pay waaaay too much. Enjoy it!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great stay with variety of family	We picked this facility due to the proximity of wedding and convenience to strip - no previous knowledge of what to expect, though I was impressed with reviews I read on this site. We had 5 rooms and they were all nice, clean and comfortable. We had folks from their 70's down to teens and eveyone enjoyed it. Staff very friendly. Very, very easy to get to strip and monorail. Complimentary breakfast was nice with variety. We were glad we got to pool early on nice sunny day as and chairs and lounges filled up quickly. Overall rooms very much quieter than at higher end hotels - very little noise, though our nephew was next to an outside entrance and he did say he could hear the door close as it &quot;slammed&quot; with spring action to make sure it latched. We were in room right next to him and never heard a thing. We will stay here again on future visits to Vegas and look for Shell Hospitality Resorts during future travel	
Jun 9 2009 	Still waiting for charges to be reversed on card.	Stayed for one night at the Desert Rose. The room was spacious, although the carpet was filthy. Beyond dirty to filthy. Beds were comfortable and clean. We booked a two bedroom, two bath suite. I did not realize one bathroom had a shower only; no tub. Wi-fi was spotty. Fairly short walk to strip, but very dark and unlit at night. We had prepaid for our room through a travel site and had no problem giving them a credit card on check in for &quot;incidentals&quot; (which we knew we would have none), but four days after checkout I'm still waiting for the deposit to be reversed on my card. The deposit was almost as much as our room charge (within a few dollars). Really? For a prepaid room for one night's reservation? Perhaps they could have mentioned the amount they would be holding up front. Did not realize they had a concierge..... all we ever saw was one woman working the front desk. As a side note, if you are looking for peace and quiet, keep looking. I think a lot of families with small children stay at this resort, and you can hear EVERYTHING through the walls and ceilings. At least, we certainly could. It even kept my teenage son awake!	
Jun 8 2009 	Would have paid alot more for such a fine place to stay	Me and my husband stayed here for 5 nights and I was just floored when we walked into the room for the first time. I had booked this hotel based on other travelers reviews I had read but the room surpassed everything I had expected. Wonderful, CLEAN, two room suite with a full kitchen tastefully decorated, everything in working order. Patio area. granite countertops. Bed was comfy and our room was cleaned daily. Even the day we didn't leave our room until late I was phoned by housekeeping to see if there was anything we needed. Wonderful service. Two blocks behind the strip. Located behind Hooters and Tropicana. Wonderful location.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great location and service - Loud AC	The DR was a great place. The rooms were clean and spacious, the breakfast great, the staff very helpful. My only complaint was a crazy loud AC, which was a bit disturbing at night while sleeping...but still, I have a great time and it was close to everything.	
Jun 4 2009 	Best Place Close to the Strip	If you are looking for a quiet place to enjoy your time in fabulous Vegas look no further. We stayed in a roomy one bedroom with full kitchen (all cooking necessities included). Staff were curteous and friendly. Room was clean, although it could use a couple of paint touch ups. Free continental breakfast. Free weekday social in lobby from 5:00 to 6:00 (included wine, beer and snacks). Short walk to Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Tropicana, MGM and New York New York. Found great deal online at hotel website. Desert Rose is truly that, a rose in the desert.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great...BUT...light sleepers beware!	I would have given the Desert Rose Resort a 5 star rating except for the fact that we had to be re-roomed because of the noisey compressors on the roof. Warning....the 3rd floor is noisy. Every time the AC cycled on, it sounded like a freight train was passing thru our room! Luckily, the staff at the DR is soooo accommodating, that they moved us right away.Other than that, I have nothing but praise for the DR. Great rooms, great value, great location. Breakfast is wonderful, but CROWDED! I agree with other reviewers...rent a car, we did and were soooo glad we did. Also, if you plan to win, visit the downtown casinos. The odds there are much better. (Video poker)	
Jun 4 2009 	Why stay anywhere else in Las Vegas?	Brilliant place this - with a vast suite (not just a hotel room and bathroom - a large lounge /diner, next to the well equipped kitchen, large bedroom with wash basin off and bathroom), great pool (with free beds and towels at the pool side), breakfast and (from Mon - Fri) free beer and wine served for a couple of hours in the evening. This together with :-- friendly, efficient, staff- good location (very close to the MGM Grand)- great ratesmakes this a fantastic bargain - it could not be recommended more highlyThank you Desert Rose.	
Jun 4 2009 	You can't go wrong for the convenience and value	Spent a long R&amp;R weekend and was soooooo pleased with the room, staff, appointments in the room, pool. I recommend you rent a car to get around the Strip unless you are athletic and a glutton for punishment. The convenience of stocking your kitchen for easy eats was a great plus. Fridge makes Ice. Wi-FI in room free. It is a class act with a great bang for your buck.	
Jun 3 2009	Better than the Casinos	Two bedrooms, two baths, and a large living area, a full kitchen and dining area for $102/night. Six or more people could have slept in our apartment.. There was free wifi. The wifi service was a bit spotty though, it would drop then reacquire the signal several times per session. The free continental breakfast, was more than adequate, cold cuts,fresh fruit, bread, bagels, boiled eggs, milk, cold, and cereal. The choices vary from day to day. Good service and clean. It is in a good location near the strip but out of the hustle and bustle, an easy walk to the strip near Hooters,The Tropicana and MGM. It is a good base for &quot;doing Vegas&quot;. Parking is free, well lit, and convenient. The only two negatives. You should get to the pool early to get a deck chair and the equipment in the fitness room is not in good condition. We had stayed at several of the Casinos in the past but never again.	
Jun 3 2009 	A Sweet Suite!	Everything from the room to the service was fantastic. The concierge were very polite and outstanding. We stayed in a 2-bedroom 2-bathroom suite and were amazed at how much space there was. I fell in love with it! The suite was filled with gorgeous decor and the kitchen was stocked with everything you could think of! The beds were also extremely comfortable. This resort is a rare gem as it is one of the most affordable suites to stay in that is extremely close to the strip. It's only a block away from the strip! It's right across from the MGM Grand within close range of New York New York and Excalibur. Staying at the Desert Rose Resort was very affordable and convenient. We didn't want to leave! We will definitely be back this year and for our other future trips. You can't go wrong with this one!	
Jun 3 2009 	great place to stay	this was our first time in las vegas and we were very lucky on finding a nice place like this 2 stay, it's clean comfortable, very affordable, staff are very welcoming and helpful, the managments free drink reception every evening was great and the breakfast had something for everyone, i will be stayin here on our next visit without a doubt.	
Jun 3 2009 	a true gem of a hotel amongst the chaos of las vegas	we stayed here for 4 nights and chose it as the main strip hotels were much more expensive. you would need a satnav to find your way from your rooom to reception in some strip hotels, they are more like little cities. the desert rose is only a 5 minute walk from the south end of the strip, we could see the luxor pyramid from our room. the room was more a self-catering apartment rather than a hotel room, with full kitchen facilities, a balcony area, and a separate living room. the breakfast was help yourself continental style, plenty of choice. the desert rose is smaller than most vegas hotels, this only added to its charm. all the staff were friendly and the room was spotless. i would recommend it to anyone who wants more than a basic hotel room and is happy to walk 5 minutes to the strip to join in all that vegas has on offer. if we return to vegas, i would not stay anywhere else.	
Jun 2 2009 	Perfect location...great stay	We just returned today from the Desert Rose. I would stay there again in a minute. We booked a room through their website for a 2 bedroom for $101.00 per night for a Fri/Sat/Sun night. The location was great. Use the back roads to get to Mandalay Bay in 2 minutes. The managers reception on Friday night was great. Unlimited wine and beer. Nothing better than sitting by the pool drinking drinking for free. The free breakfast offered quite a few options for a contintenal breakfast. Something for everyone.Couple of odd things...there were no trash cans in the bedrooms and no clock in the 2nd bedroom. Obviously not a big deal. The other thing I would suggest is to stay in a building not directly next to Hooters. On Friday night they have live music outside and it was loud in the bedrooms. It was a great stay and I would highly recommend it.	
Jun 1 2009 	Would not stay anywhere else when in Las Vegas.	The staff was courteous. The room was very clean with all of the amenities of home. The location was easy to get in and out of. Was close to the airport and the Las Vegas Strip. What I did like the best was it being quiet and a non-smoking resort. I can honestly say it was a pleasure to stay there.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Experience	The Desert Rose Resort was everything that was promised. I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas including MGM, Venetian, Luxor and Mandalay Bay, and those are great, but if you want a place with a good location, plus all the amenities for an extended stay the Desert Rose it is!!! The king bed was comfortable and the kitchen had everything you will need to cook and eat. You don't really need to plan on breakfast though because they have a nice light buffett every morning. Nice pool and workout facility too.I had a great experience and would highly recommend it.	
Jun 1 2009 	home away from home	me and my family had stayed in LA and san diego hotels before we ended up in desert rose which we found very decent and good place to stay especially if you are travelling with little kids.its almost like my own home we had a wonderful time and whenever we go to vegas we definitely stay there.we loved it loved it and loved it	
May 31 2009 	Amazing!!!! Dont think you would find better unless you are prepared to spend $500.00 per night	We booked this resort on the advice given by other posts on tripadvisor, and I would have to agree with them all. This is a little gem amongst a pile of rubble. Do yourself a favour and stay here. It is at the south end of the strip, within walking distance to the entire strip. The rooms are well furnished and very clean, beds very comfortable and a nice free breakfast to start your day. Check in, and out, was hassle free and we would stay here again without hesitation. Well done to all staff and management you are a credit to this establishment.Steve MathewsAustralia	
May 29 2009 	An oasis in Vegas--excellent!	We stayed at the Desert Rose during Memorial Day weekend. All of Vegas was packed with people, so we were happy to have found a great deal on the price. When we go there we were told that we were upgraded to a 2 BR suite for no extra charge! (we had reserved a 1 BR) That was great news because we had some friends joining us for one night &amp; now they didn't have to stay on the pull out! The room was incredible. It was facing the pool which allowed us to check how crowded it was before we went down there. The sitting area was large &amp; spacious, there was a separate area for dining, a large kitchenette and both rooms had their own bathrooms. We were very excited to have found this place.  The other great news: free breakfast. Not only was their breakfast free, it was quite a lot of food: boiled eggs, ham/turkey cold cuts, breads, fruit, cereal, oatmeal, coffee, juice, and more. It does get pretty crowed, so we went early &amp; carried some back to our room. We also saved some in our fridge to make sandwiches later. It was a great deal.  I suppose one of our favorite things about the Desert Rose was that it was quiet and had no gambling. After walking through all the smokey, loud casinos all day with tons of people it was so relaxing to return to a place that was removed from all of that commotion. That's why we call it the oasis of Vegas. If you like staying amidst all the commotion, this may not be the place for you, but it is very close to MGM grand--an easy 5 or 10 minute walk--so you can get all the glitz and return to the stress-free Desert Rose. Also, from what my friends at the MGM told us, they had to wait about 30 minutes to check in &amp; check out and using the elevators was always a chore. They had to go to the top floor just to get on an elevator to go down! We never had any trouble with the crowds or getting what we needed from the staff.  We had great service from the concierge, front desk and all the staff. I would definitely recommend this to people with kids or anyone who likes to relax while on vacation. A true find!	
May 26 2009 	Cozy Clean Quiet Friendly right at the start of the STRIP!	This was our second stay at the Desert Rose and it was just as pleasant as the first time. Ideally located right across from the MGM Grand, the start of the Mono Rail and the start of the strip, so you are right where you want to be, but it is nice to come &quot;home&quot; to since it has no casino and is small scale. People are friendly and actually recognize you when you walk in and ever so helpful with everything. Although no luxury hotel, the 1 and 2 bedroom units are nicely decorated, everything you need is there (full kitchen), even free internet service and the beds are actually very comfortable. In the morning there is a nice complementary continental breakfast in the lobby area with Starbucks coffee (yep, free too), perfect to start your day and if you don't want to sit there, you just bring it to your room. Great value, will stay there again next time.	
May 26 2009 	What a find!	I am so glad I found this place! Thanks, TripAdvisor. We spent a week hiking in Zion and decided to spend 2 nights at the end of the trip in Vegas. My husband had never been to Vegas and wanted to explore the strip but I knew the big glitzy hotels were not for us. The Desert Rose Resort was perfect! I know a lot of people complained about the walking but I don't know how you can see Vegas without a lot of walking. To go into the Venetian and walk up and down the &quot;Grand Canal&quot; takes longer than it does to walk from the Desert Rose to the MGM. We had to return our rental car at the airport and didn't want to deal with our luggage so we arrived at the Desert Rose at 11:30am. Our room wasn't ready but they happily stored our luggage. We measured the distance to the car rental return (3.3 miles) and decided to walk back. (I told you we were hikers!) By the time we got back (after a stop at Mandalay Bay), the Desert Rose had called our cell phone to let us know that a room was ready. Great service!Our two room suite was spotless, tastefully decorated, and very comfortable. There is a manager's reception during the week with beer, wine, soft drinks and snacks. The &quot;continental plus&quot; breakfast is decent and includes hard boiled eggs, which made me happy. There is Starbucks coffee available in the lobby 24 hours, I guess to keep you awake if you are out late gambling. :-)My only complaint is that the pool seemed very crowded but it was hot and all of the pools at the big hotels were crowded too. I don't think you can avoid that in Vegas in May. It was so nice to come back to the quiet of the Desert Rose after spending a day on the noisey, busy strip. We couldn't believe how long the lines were at check-in at some of the big hotels on the strip and how people had to walk through the casino with their luggage to find their rooms! No thank you! Give me the nice, personable Desert Rose any day.We plan to go hiking in Utah again and will probably fly in and out of Vegas again. When we do, we will definitely stay at the Desert Rose Resort.	
May 26 2009 	Large Nice Rooms for a fraction of the price	I am never staying on the strip again. I've been to Vegas several times and really enjoyed my stay at the Desert Rose. You are secluded from the loud obnoxious crowd on the strip for sleeping and relaxing at the pool, but can be right in the middle of it within a short walk. Huge rooms for a fraction of the price.	
May 24 2009 	great place great location great value	We arrived around 12PM the 1 week before Memorial day. I realized that Check in was at 4pm, but the friendly staff at the front desk got me a room that was ready. We stayed at Building 4, 3rd floor in a 1 bedroom suite overlooking the side of Hooters Hotel. The suite was spacious with a kitchenette and a nice balcony. We used the kitchen a lot to reheat food and snacks. There are 2 TVs - good, although not flat screen. Everything, including the kitchen worked. The staff was friendly and they even printed out my boarding pass for me. I would recommend this place to my family and friends.	
May 24 2009 	Great place to stay for 2-5 people-- right on strip but comforts of home	My 2 adult friends and I were visiting Vegas for a leisure weekend and found this resort as an alternative to 3 separate hotel rooms. We had a 2 bedroom (plus sleeper-sofa that was comfortable) suite for a good price, incluging well equipped full kitchen and two full baths. The location is virtually across the street from MGM Resort and walkable to the strip including tram. My friend used and enjoyed the on-site gym and while we did not use the pool it looked inviting. The staff was friendly and eager to please and when we requested additional linen it arrived in minutes.Definitely would stay here again. I have a family of 5 and this would have been perfect for my wife and 3 kids last time we visited. Seems family friendly and certainly safe location. Room was well equipped, beds were comfortable and everything seemed new.	
May 23 2009 	A very nice place to stay.	My husband and two children (ages 19 &amp; 21) and I stayed at this resort for 2 nights. I purchased the rooms from expedia for about $100 a night. It was worth it. It was clean. Nice rooms, actually we had two bedrooms, two baths, small living room/dining room and small kitchen. It suited our needs well. We could go to Walmart about 2 miles away and get food to eat in. To get to Walmart go out to Tropicana Blvd and make a right then go about 2 miles. The only negative thing was our room was right beside a locked gate and people were coming and going at all hours. The gate was noisy when it shut. I was glad that they had them though. You need your room key to open the gate. It was nice...it was clean....liked the kitchen... it had basic needs. The pull out couch was not comfortable but that was to be expected. Also, I read on here about the blocks out there being to long or big and they were right. Expect to do alot of walking.	
May 23 2009 	great place especially for family	My brothers and sister and I stayed here for 4 days and it was great-I would like to find more places like this in California and Hawaii,etc. Selma Gonzales	
May 23 2009 	For wildlife lovers everywhere - if you like brown decor and noise.	I am actually staying at the Desert Rose at the moment, have been here for 6 nights as I am unable to shorten my stay without being charged for the full week.Not enjoying it one little bit so it's difficult to know where to start with my comments. Firstly I would like to warn anyone staying here of the telephone charges. I made three calls to the UK on the room phone for 3 mins 20 seconds, 3 mins 59 seconds and 4 mins 35 seconds - the charges for these calls were $53, $46 and $53 respectively. Obviously I'd expect a call from a hotel phone to be something like $10 for a few minutes but that is ridiculous. When I complained to the manager they simply had no explanation but agreed that their charges are 'extortionate'. Thanks guys.Secondly, the place is infested with moths. To a massive extent. I have just killed three of these in the last hour and they have plagued the week I have spent here. I have had them crawling on me, flapping in my ear while I was asleep, everywhere. Disgusting.Thirdly, there is a roach problem, although I have only caught 2 or 3 in my actual room, the corridors and outdoors are really bad and other guests have complained about their rooms being worse. And they're big ones too.Fourthly, although the place looks close to the big hotels when you look on a map or Google Earth, the walk is really terrible - the sewers in this block smell absolutely disgusting - to the extent that I wretched repeatedly, and there is no proper lighting. My girlfriend was approached in a car during the late afternoon and since there is virtually no one around the area and it backs onto the testosterone-fueled-moronic-whoop-fest which is Hooters Hotel it was a worry.Fifthly, forget about the pool. There are 144 large condos in this development. with I suppose an average of 3 people staying in each. There are approx 35 sunbeds. You do the maths, but even in Vegas people do like to use the pool and this one is woefully inadequate. It's not that great either. For the last four days we have been walking the mile or so to the Luxor to pay $10 to use their pool - didn't expect to have to do that but there is literally no choice.Sixthly, it's the noisiest place I've stayed since I last went to Ibiza aged 18.I didn't come to Vegas for the peace and quiet but when I put the do-not-disturb sign on the door (that incidentally says &quot;Shhhh... I'm sleeping&quot;) I don't really expect housekeeping to slam their trolleys relentlessly against the walls and constantly SHOUT at each other. That was really bad. Other guests were loud idiots too, but I'm not blaming that on the hotel (oh, okay, go on then I will).Finally, far be it for me to be a snob but the clientele that this place attracts are very hit and miss. The breakfast buffet is like feeding time at the zoo. I't's held right in the middle of the lobby, the food is shocking and in order to reduce costs (I guess) the management provide nowhere to eat properly, no trays and flimsy plastic plates. I saw someone with a bowl of bran flakes with a hard boiled egg balanced in the middle while they poured milk on them. Another elderly lady was perched on an easy chair in her nightdress, she had clearly walked directly from bed to the buffet bypassing every sink, hairbrush and item of everyday clothing. A pink nightie with no underwear, shoes or socks was just the ticket for her mealtime - and just the thing to put me off eating. I only went to the buffet once although I did get some jam on my clothes when I sat down in the lobby another day (does that count?).I'm a well travelled chap and I'm very reasonable and give credit where it's due. The hotel was good about calling taxis to get us from A to B. The concierge booked a nice restaurant for my birthday and generally the place is spacious. The staff were on the whole functional but not particularly friendly or exceptional.I'm quite reluctant to say this is a bad hotel, because I did a lot of homework before I booked this trip and virtually everywhere I looked said this place was great. But in all honestly it's not. It's pretty damn bad. And I hate to admit I picked the wrong place but I did.But please don't stay here unless you get a knock-out cheap rate. There are way better places to stay in Vegas and some hotels have real bargain rates at the moment. If you do stay here don't make any phone calls, don't expect to use the pool, enjoy your breakfast, have any peace and quiet or a pleasant stroll to the strip. And bring a nose clip unless you like the smell of sewage. Oh, and ear plugs to drown out the noise of the outdated air-con.Do bring a microscope because the bugs and crawlies could make excellent study projects for the kids.	
May 22 2009 	Hey I'm not easy to impress. This was a wonderful place to stay!	My daughter and I stayed 05/17 thru 05/21 of '09. Total for 4 nights (plus tax) was $533.96. Hey, I'm not easy to impress and am the first to complain if something isn't just right. But, for our time there at least, I have to say this was a wonderful place to stay. Maybe I didn't get a bargain basement price but I've paid a lot more for a lot less at other places. The top 10 reasons for staying at the Desert Rose ... or ... What we got for the money:1) A very clean 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, kitchen, dining area, living room and balcony. (Kitchen has fridge, microwave, dishes, utensils, blender, coffee pot, toaster, etc). The bed was possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. They even provided pillows of different sizes and fill just so you'd have a choice of what you'd like best to sleep with. I've never seen anyone else do that.  2) The baths had the deepest tubs I'd ever seen in a hotel. The shower had instant (and I mean INSTANT) hot water. I don't even get that at home!3) There were TV's in the living room and in each bedroom.4) The air conditioning was wonderful and there was no AC or 'hotel smell' (i.e. people or chemicals). The air was very clean. 4) Pool (we were too busy to ever use but saw others did and never heard a complaint)5) Very friendly and helpful staff. The only time I was ever 'bothered' was when the cleaning staff actually called on the phone once to ask if I was sure I didn't want the room cleaned even though I had posted a 'do not disturb' sign on the door so I could grab a nap. I wondered then if they would have ignored the posted note if I hadn't answered the phone. Hmmmm. 6) Continental breakfast (served until 9 AM) that was more than adequate (cereal, bagels, hard boiled eggs, deli ham, fruit, etc.) No, not the very best I've ever had but close and still nicer than what most places term a 'Continental breakfast' . Besides, do you really want to 'load up' or weigh yourself down before hitting the Vegas strip? Even if you have a car or are just going to use the monorail, there is still a lot of walking around involved with your seeing Vegas. 7) There was some sort of free drinks (cocktails?) and snacks thing in the afternoon (A Complimentary Manager's Reception was the official name) that we never attended but thought you should know about. 8) Free Wi-Fi. We never used it but mention it here anyway. 9) We never had a problem with noise at the hotel even though our room was one story above the parking lot. I never heard the people in the hall or in the rooms next to us - no voices, no footsteps, nothing.10) There is no gambling at the Desert Rose. Whew! Returning 'home' to the hotel each night after being inundated with the noises of machines and people, I really appreciated there not being a hint of it waiting for me when I was ready to rest up for the next day.Final note: I'm not a world traveler but have stayed in a lot of nice hotels the last half century. Some of them thought a lot better of themselves than I did. This one, though, was a real find. The hotel claims &quot;...this three-story, all-suites hotel is just one block from the Las Vegas Strip, yet miles away in ambience&quot;. That statement of what to expect is spot on. I regret not taking photos of the rooms to share. I meant to as the one's supplied by the hotel don't do it justice - don't even come close.Also, if you are staying in Vegas for a few days without a car, consider getting a multi-day pass for the monorail (around $25). We had 102 and 103 degree days during our stay, the monorail helped avoid a lot of walking in the heat (and I don't care who starts in about it being a 'dry heat'. A hair dryer is a dry heat. It doesn't help when you turn the setting on high and stick it in your face. It is still HOT, people!	
May 21 2009 	REALLY GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY!!!!	We Stayed AT The Desert Rose Resort For my husbans 40TH birthday. It was amazing, the staff was very helpful. The rooms were beyond anything we expected based on the price. We are planning another trip and we willstayiing at another DESERT ROSE RESORT. Cannot say enough about this place.! It is also wthin walking distance from the vagas strip and mintues from the airport. Perfect spot!	
May 21 2009 	Best Place for Families	We've just returned from staying at the Desert Rose - May 13 - 19/09. We were travelling to Las Vegas for a wedding. Got a great rate by booking directly with the resort - $100/night for the large 2 bedroom suite.We travelled with 4 teenagers and stayed in a 2 bedroom with pull out sofa in Building 4. Size of the suite was fantastic and more than enough room for the 6 of us. Large master bedroom with full ensuite was great and having a well stocked kitchen helped keep our food costs down.After walking through many of the casinos on the strip, I was very happy to be staying at the Desert Rose. I can't imagine staying in one of the large hotels and having to trek your belongings 20 minutes to find your room.The pool was very nice and a good size. My husband had breakfast and his coffee poolside every morning and found it very relaxing. The teenagers loved jumping into the water after a long day of walking in the sun. And yes the pool is not heated, but being Canadian we didn't mind! A cool pool after walking in 37C temperatures is nice.Staff were ever helpful. The only complaint we had was every week day morning we could hear the either a delivery truck or garbage truck backing up. The beeping was very annoying. Other than that we had a very enjoyable time and would definite stay here again.	
May 21 2009 	Spacious and convenient great for longer stays	We chose this hotel rather than a Casino resort as it offered a 1 one bedroom suite and more space for 3 at a good price. 1 friend cancelled, so we were 2 women to the suite which turned out even better spacewise. It gave us more room for the large amount of clothing/shoes we brought. Also, the bathroom is rather small and off the Master bedroom, so people sleeping in the living room will have to walk through the bedroom. Luckily, sink and mirror are separate from the shower/toilet. Kitchen is really nicely equipped but the free (cold) breakfast was sufficient for us in the morning. It is nice to have a fridge to store leftovers and drinks, etc. The Pool area is clean and rather large but on most days there were not enough chairs and towels for all guests. The cocktail reception at 5pm is nice and filled us up until we got out for the night. The fitness room is smallish but has nice equipment. All staff is very helpful at all times. Generous parking for guests available if you rent a car (recommended if you want to go back to the hotel during the day to change or relax before nightlife, as commuting takes up a lot of time and its hot out there!). Walking distance to the Luxor is 8 minutes. From there you can catch a train (5 USD/trip). From the hotel, taxi cab to the airport is approx. 10 USD, so for 2 it is cheaper than the shuttle bus which has to be reserved 24 hours in advance. Supermarkets are approx. 2 miles away from the hotel in each direction - the nicer option here is a nicely designed strip mall (Town Square) with Whole Foods, upscale shopping and some good clubs/restaurants (Claim Jumper). Desert Rose is a nice, quite place if you dont need to be in the middle of constant party and action. Really good choice for longer stays. The guests are a mixed crowd, all ages, also some kids. The free WIFI in the room is also a nice bonus and allows to catch some good ticket deals for shows or other things do do in Las Vegas.	
May 21 2009 	Gave all that was promised.	First time to Vegas so had no expectations butt WOW!!!!!!! The Desert Rose was everything it had prmised it would be.Rooms enourmous, fully equipped for all your possible needs including spare bedding and towels. Breakfast was a bit caotic but items replaced as soon as they run out.Really good location and once you learn how to get into the MGM acroos from Hooters car park it does not take long to hit the other hotels on the strip.Execellent value for money compared to the bigger hotels. Didn't really attend many of the managers free drinks as usually not around at these times (free drinks and snacks Monday -Friday 5pm-7pm) but it would have been nice to have a bar within the hotel for a quiet drink before bed, but a short car journey down Tropicana ave takes you to Vans supermarket where we discovered some lovely Califorian wines to drink in our room.Would definaltly stay again and recommend it to anyone looking to stay in Vegas	
May 18 2009 	Great place to stay a few days!	This was a really nice place to stay, just off the strip, with family.	
May 18 2009 	Desert it at all costs!	We booked into the Desert Rose for 4 nights from 18 April 2009 based on its reviews, proximity to the strip, kitchen and price. We were advised upon arrival at 9.40pm (I had emailed twice in advance advising of this) that the hotel had had a major plumbing problem that morning and many rooms were out of service and we would have to go to the Bluegreen resort ‘just around the corner’ for the night. Interestingly we phoned from LA airport at 6.30pm just before our flight to check someone would be there when we arrived and no one mentioned anything then. Suspecting a rat, but too tired to keep arguing (following a 21 hour flight the day before from our home with a 7 and 9 year old in tow), we hopped in the taxi paid for by the hotel and off it drove and drove and drove. When we asked where we were going the taxi driver (bless this gorgeous man) pointed to some far away lights and indicated that the hotel was about half an hour walk from the strip past a huge and dangerous vacant lot. So he took us back to the Desert Rose. We said we were happy to shift to another hotel but it had to be equal or better (ie with 2 young children strip proximity was paramount). Nup, they couldn’t do it. Their denial of my request to see the rooms with the plumbing problems confirmed what I suspected. After an hour of arguing - they picked the wrong jetlagged woman on the wrong night and I was ready to set up the lobby as our hotel room and put the kids to sleep on the couches – abracadabra there was suddenly a room available. Amazing. So when they try this low life trick on you I hope this story helps. Obviously we looked like total suckers – ie we paid a non-refundable rate in advance and being a busy weekend could there have been better offers on the table? We even handed back the $40 Hooters voucher we were given as I just felt sick looking at it.My advice to the hotel – lift your game in the choice of front desk managers – I doubt that the guy working on the night of the 18 April was what any hotel would want representing them. You can do far better than this. The room was nice, but we didn’t use the kitchen as we couldn’t figure out where a grocery store was (we didn’t have a car) and didn’t want to go near the front desk to ask during our stay. Vegas was great and the West Rim was fabulous.	
May 17 2009 	The best time ever!!	If you have a choice, stay at this hotel! The breakfast is fanatasic, the cocktail reception is wonderful, the staff is friendly!!! Hardly spent money on food - just snacks and dinner. Easy access to and from the hotel from the airport - Airport shuttle is only $6 each way (buy both tokens at once - makes it much easier) It's a block away from the strip - MGM is across the street so there's easy access to the monorail. I'm not much of a gambler, so not having a casino at the hotel worked out great from me. You dont have to worry about smelling like smoke all the time and the noise levels are low. The 1-bedroom suite I had was spacious and clean! The private balcony was great too! Full size kitchen with appliances (blender, toaster, full-size microwave, frig &amp; stove). A nice dinner table and chaise lounge. The bed was comfortable and big. The bathroom is a little small, but makes up for it by having a deep tub. I have been telling everyone since I've been back - this is the place to stay! I will never stay at a casino hotel again. The rooms are much cheaper for a better quality room! I have no complaints at all when it comes to the Desert Rose Resort	
May 16 2009	Quiet relaxing place to stay close to strip	My boyfriend and I recently spent a week here. I recommend booking through them directly, as you might get a good deal (I checked other travel sites and felt booking through them was best and ended up paying almost half price for my room thanks to a special). There is a pool, free continental breakfast, free WiFi and Mon-Fri they have a little get together for guests and invite people to come down for drinks and snacks. I found employees to be helpful, although to help find the place quicker, it's good to note that this place is directly behind Hooters on a side street.We had a one bedroom with a fully equipped kitchen. How equipped? Go to a store nearby, buy some food and you can make meals right in your room. There's a dining area and living room area. The bedroom was nice with a big comfy bed, and the bathroom was nice too. Everything was wellstocked, clean and it made us feel like we were at home. I would stay here again in a heartbeat next time we take a trip to Las Vegas.And if you feel like gambling, shopping, eating out, clubbing, etc, you may not be able to do it here but you're close enough to the strip that you only need to go about 5 min to get to all the big casino resorts.	
May 15 2009 	An oasis amongst the madness of Vegas	If you want to stay close to the Vegas Strip but also want a sanctuary away from the noise and madness of the big casino hotels, the Desert Rose is a real find. Just one block away from New York New York it's quiet and peaceful, has large, very clean apartment style suites and a pleasant outdoor swimming pool and fitness room. Friendly staff too. And very god value for money. No restaurant (rooms have kitchens) but continental breakfast included. Highly recommended.	
May 15 2009 	Truly a rose ----in a Sea of cactus	A place we have no problem recommending to our friends. All of are needs and desires were meet with a friendly staff waiting to please.	
May 15 2009 	Rose in the Desert	We just retuned from a week long trip to Las Vegas and stayed at the Desert Rose. We are owners of SVC in Barie, Canada, therefore exchnaged our week.Arrived late at night 11:30pm, but in our rooms by 11:45pm. Complimentary Bfast, Internet, happy hour in the evening are pleasant surprises. Room matched most of the SVC properties we stayed, well appointed. We did not have any problems staying at this resort. Will stay here if we go again to Las Vegas.Perfect location so close to the strip yet you could have your own peace and quiet if you choose.	
May 15 2009 	Great spot away from the glitz	We had a lovely time at the Desert Rose Resort in Vegas. It was fabulous for a family with youngish children, like us. It was clean, rooms nice but no wow factor, handy to the Strip and main attractions, had a lovely pool, good breakfast and nibbles at night and staff helpful (except concierge - she gave us poor information more than once). Would recommend this as a great place for families who want to experience Vegas without being amongst the glitz and hype.	
May 13 2009 	Good value for the money	Ceck-in, Check-out, services are fast and prompt. Continental breakfast, manager's snacks in the evening, room service, cleanliness of the property and pool side are excellent. Apartment is with fully equiped kitchen. Laundry services are cheap and good.Though the facility is just off the 'Strip' it has all the convenience of staying on the 'Strip'. However the atmosphere is serene and pleasant.	
May 13 2009 	Great resort wonderful experience	Accommodations are very nice, their complimentary breakfast and cockail hour are first class. Their complimentary internet access is an unusual treat as well. Location is great, within walking distance of the Strip.	
May 12 2009 	Quiet nice cheap friendly people centrally located. What more do you want!	We didn't expect much from this hotel, since we stayed in the Venetian at the start of our vacation. But everything exceeded our expectations: rooms were HUGE, you had your own kitchen, everything was nice and clean, everybody friendly, breakfast complementary, nice pool, very quiet and just off the strip. It was a pity we only had one night here before flying back home!	
May 12 2009 	Great Value	We picked the Desert Rose after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and we weren't disappointed. The staff were friendly; the rooms were very clean, well equipped and had plenty of space; the location was ideal - just a couple of minutes walk from the strip; and it was excellent value for money. We didn't feel that we missed out by not being in a gambling hotel - in fact it was nice to come back to the peace and quiet. I would definitely go back again!	
May 11 2009 	Good value just off the strip with a kitchen.	Got the room on the day of my stay from a travel site. I did not know what I was getting. I was pleased by everything, from check in on. Great space, just off the strip. Instead of a little room which screams &quot;go gamble&quot; they offer a comfortable space with a kitchen and living room you can be comfortable in. Good value too. I'll use them again.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent service and stay	Room allocated spotlessly clean but we were put next to a carpark access gate which slammed constantly when guests arrived back at resort.A quick call to the front desk and we were relocated within 15 minutes.Decent breakfast, large 2 bedroom unit clean and well serviced by staff.Tip - ask for room on top floor to avoid noise from occupants above.	
May 10 2009 	Quiet and Comfortable	Exactly what I wanted - something peaceful slightly off the strip. The rooms are really nice and it was priced reasonably.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent value and a quiet oasis not far off the Strip.	After reading the reviews we tried the Desert Rose and were not disappointed. Excellent value, very courteous and plentiful staff, and very quiet. If you want to be close to the action, this is not the place, but you are within walking distance of the 4 corners of the Strip. To avoid the crowds at breakfast, go early (6am weekdays, 7am weekends). No complaints, nice pool, generous poolside chairs/tables, etc, more than adequate continental breakfast, Starbuck's coffee, nice excercise room, very nice one bedroom condo, well equipped, in-room wireless internet, and all for &lt;$50 per night (using a travel site w/discount code). Very pleased and will go back. Thank you Desert Rose.	
May 9 2009 	Best room off the strip	The Desert Rose is a nice hotel w/ all the amenities of home. There is a full service kitchen which is so nice to have! The prices of the food at the restaurants are outrageous I would rather go to the grocery store &amp; cook my own meals. The rooms were comfortable &amp; spacious. I didn't need anything as it was all there for me. We had a nice balcony which is great for friends who smoke. The Desert Rose is in walking distance from a Casino &amp; groceries tucked away behind Hooters it's nice, no need to pay for parking. Quiet &amp; relaxing!	
May 9 2009 	Even more than I expected	I found this hotel using Tripadvisor, and am usually satisfied - although sometimes the &quot;best value&quot; isn't the same as &quot;best&quot;. In this case we found both. We booked a 2 bedroom suite (these are timeshare condo's, actually) because there were no one bedrooms available on the nights we wanted. No matter - only $108/night didn't break the bank. After travelling for several weeks in Holiday Inns, Hiltons, etc we expected a nice but standard box. However this was indeed a complete 2 bedroom apartment, each bedroom ensuite, a full kitchen with utensils, wine glasses etc. Our unit must have been upgraded in the last couple of years so everything was modern and worked well. Other reviews indicate some plumbing problems so perhaps our unit was special - the 5 nozzle massage shower was really nice, for example. Also, the three TV's seemed a bit much, but it didn't stop there. The breakfast was reasonable but not extravagant. However the free wine and cheese (and a veggie platter) at 5pm was certainly an unexpected perk. It was really nice to have a chance to socialize around the pool in the central courtyard with other guests. Furthermore, my misgivings about security of our vehicle were allayed by the rather obvious 24 hour security guard in the lot. The Vegas strip is about a block and a half away, and the airport closer still. One would expect a lot of noise, but somehow the whole resort seems to be very quiet - as if its floating in its own bubble of silence. The friendly desk staff and concierge were very good at answering all our questions. If I go back to Vegas I would certainly recommend this resort to a friend - but there was so much space in that suite that my wife and I rattled around. I imagine it would be completely adequate for up to 4 people without any element of crowding.	
May 9 2009 	Desert Rose with Thomas Cook	Travelled direct from Manchester with Thomas Cook in economy, dreadful outgoing flight people crossing the aisle in extra leg room seats in row 9 even after being asked not to on four occassions by cabin crew. Gave up in the end but changed seats for return alot better. Desert Rose is a lovely resort next to Hooters and MGM Grand. A short walk to the strip short cutting through car parks. Small problem but quickly resolved by Judy the manager and Thomas Cook rep. Room space great and comfortable, could live there. Breakfast a bit of a mess, the food is good and varied but not many places to sit and eat, it is best to get there early. Now I know why people bring trays and baking tins down from their rooms and fill them up and take them back simply not enough room to sit. Will return without a doubt in the near future. Cocos restaurant to the right of Duke Ellington, just past the motel 6 sign.	
May 8 2009 	Great location and staff	I looked at many resorts through RCI for my visit to Vegas. Most had construction going on, were not in good locations, or had bad reviews. My first choice was the Desert Rose and I was thrilled when a room opened up. Our stay was great. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. There were nice robes for us to use and a continental breakfast every morning. The location was perfect just a block of the strip near the MGM and Tropicana - we walked to everything. The bathrooms were small, but there were just two of us so not an issue. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 8 2009 	CAN'T THINK OF ONE BAD THING	It's not very often in this day and age you can say absolutely nothing bad about a hotel that you've just left, but I can! Eight women made a Las Vegas adventure for 3 nights and 4 days and we all had the trip of a lifetime! The hotel is a big expense when you get away and I can honestly say that Desert Rose compares to those top-named hotels that most people with families can't afford. We ALL felt comfortable, well taken care of, safe and assured that we got a heck of a deal for the money. The hotel is just two city blocks away from the strip. Continental breakfast is free with your stay and we managed to drag ourselves out of bed to make sure we didn't miss the array of cheeses, eggs, breads, juices and fruit each morning. We even managed to arrive during their Friday happy hour and had our first buzz on them! The pool was clean, the grounds were clean, and the room was clean and neat. Security was seen in the parking lot and we were constantly met with employees that offered smiles - from the guy in the suit (making sure everything was done correctly) to the room cleaning staff and those other dedicated folks with very repetitious jobs. Again, we're talking eight women... How many places out there could have satisfied ALL of us? Thank you Desert Rose... We will be back!	
May 8 2009 	Review a bit late but felt guilty not sharing how good the resort is!!	We stayed at the Desert Rose in Nov 2008, the review is so late but I always intended to give a great review of this resort and better late than never!! We were in Vegas to get married. We arrived 4 days before family arrived and couldn't wait for them to see the place. All the staff were amazingly friendly especially the cleaners and the lady who serves the drinks at the Manager's Special nights. The room was lovely and spacious and we were lucky enough to have a view over looking the gardens. If you do decide to stay here always ask for one of these rooms!! The rooms were very very clean and kitchen full with everything you need even a dish washer. The laundry facilities on site were a great help as well. On the day of the wedding the staff were very good bringing up flowers etc... The walk to the strip takes minutes, I bet less time then walking from your room to the entrance in one of the bigger hotels, and we felt really safe even wandering back at 3am! And the comp breakfast was very welcome every morning. This resort honestly cannot do enough for its guests which is very welcome and I hope it may always continue like this. The only probs we had were problems with flush in toilet (that was sorted within the hour by maintenance) and the key cards wouldn't work a couple of times (again sorted out very quickly). I will end by thanking all the staff from the Manager to the cleaners to the security guards and reception staff you made a very special time for us fabulous, and anyone considering this resort just go ahead and book it, its fab!!!	
May 7 2009 	Well pleased with all features of this resort... as billed	We read about 3 full pages of reviews before making reservation. All positive pretty much. Probably the strongest rating we have given any resort that we have reviewed.Suited us perfectly. Location is great to the strip and monorail. Great atmosphere. Nice little pool to relax by if you want to do that. We would recommend to anyone and will stay here again hopefully.	
May 7 2009 	Quiet little Gem and best value for the money hands down!!!!	Our family of 4 stayed at the desert rose May 1-6th 2009. I found the Desert Rose to be an excellent value for the price. I loved how it was only a 5 min walk to the strip, located in a quiet area. The FREE continental breakfast was FABULOUS, alot of excellent choices to eat.......one less meal to have to worry about especially dealing with trying to feed hungry kids first thing in the morning. The staff was always very friendly and accomodating, eager to help and always took the time to say &quot;hello&quot; The hotel was remarkably well kept, and they spent alot of time keeping the grounds neat and tidy. The pool is not large, but perfect for the kids to cool off in. Its nice to walk back into the hotel and NOT see a slot machine after walking the strip and seeing them everywhere - it was great to get back to the peace and quiet of the Desert Rose.The only downside, and no fault of the hotel is the ocasional wafting odor off the street, and a quite a few moths flying around outside and down the halls.......it was just the time of the year........we would stay there again in a moment, and are already planning our next vacation. We recommend this hotel to our family and friends - best value for the money, HANDS DOWN!!!!	
May 7 2009 	I would definitly stay here again	spacious room, very friendly staff, loved the social time in afternoon, very quiet, but still close to strip	
May 7 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	Having stayed here last year for a convention, I chose to come back this year without hesitation. The renovations going on last year are pretty much complete and they've done a great job. I used to stay in one of the large four star hotels on the strip, until I discovered this place. It's a short and safe walk to the monorail station which quickly takes you right to the convention center, avoiding the overcrowded shuttles and parking problems they have up there. It's like coming home to your own comfy condo at the end of the day. My wife joins me here for a few days now, enjoying a workout or some reading on the private patio and time by the pool during the day. We walk to the strip in the evening to get our fill of noise and bright lights, after all this is Vegas! We always say this would be a great place to bring our 7 year old, there are always a few kids around, but for now we're happy to keep this little hideaway to ourselves. It's squeaky clean, comfortable and has everything we need. Unthinkably quiet, considering the airport is nearby and huge casino hotels are literally around the corner. Think about a competitive nightly rate with free wifi and parking and you realize what a great value this is. They even have a simple breakfast and some late afternoon snacks put out. Just got back and already planning for our return!	
May 6 2009 	Great Place to Stay	On my way to an outdoor adventure, I stayed for one night at the Desert Rose Hotel, recommended by the group I was to meet up with. I found the hotel to be very inviting, friendly front desk staff. It was quiet and peaceful, not slot machines - yeah!! . I found the room spacious and very comfortable. Because of time contraints I didn't have the chance to visit the inviting pool or Rec Room. Upon returning from the outdoor adventure, some of our group stayed another night at the hotel, some of us just spend a few hours with them at the hotel rather than waiting at the airport. The concierge helped me with my e-check in and printed out the boarding pass for me. I would definitely recommed the Desert Rose Resort.	
May 6 2009 	brilliant place	what a great place to stay off strip. We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the desert rose. We have been to las vegas 7 times (we are from UK) but was our first stay here. Includes full continental (and a bit more).There is a managers happy hour 5-7pm for beer, wine and soft drinks with nibbles like spring rolls or chicken nuggets and some other stuff. This is available mon - fri.The pool is good but can be abit cold but when you are hot from the desert sunshine, its nice and refreshing. Beds (sun loungers) and towels are provided free of charge.The roon was fantastic, separate bedroom with en suite, lounge and dining area with a very well stocked kitchen for those that like to cook. Our room was at the side so not much to see (just the top of the tropicana hotel) but was very quiet. Other rooms can be nearer the main road so could be a bit noisier.The only downside if there is one would be that its a 15 -10 minute stroll to the strip near mandalay bay, which is a the very beginning of the strip. This does not put us off staying here again next year. A suggestion would for the desert rose to have a free shuttle to the strip or other hotels on the strip. I highly recommend the desert rose to my friends who also has repeat visits to LV.	
May 6 2009 	HOME AWAY FROM HOME	The Desert Rose Resort made our stay there so free and easy it was like being home.My spouse and I have stayed there many times. We have deceided that the Desert Rose will be the only place stay when we are in Las Vegas.	
May 5 2009 	Simple but perfect just what you need spacious and comfortable.	We needed a hotel for 5 days in vegas at the later end of our 2 week trip, wasn't sure what we wanted to do while we were there so we picked something that was not so in your face and themed, it was perfect. So glad we picked this hotel, there are no slot machines in site, they can get on your nerves, it was nice to escape from them. Walking distance for the strip and mono rail and very close to the airport. Breakfast can get very busy some days, we found it easier to take a plate down and get what you need and take it back to the room, you've got all you need in the room even a toaster for bagels that toasts one side. Nice touch to put out snacks in the evening just before you venture out onto the strip. I only spent one day by the pool, but it was very comfortable, loved to see young kids having fun. If I had to fly to Las Vegas again I would stay at the Desert Rose Resort	
May 5 2009 	I will not stay any where else in Vagas	We really injoyed the room and the people in Vagas. It was quite pleaseing to get there early and there was a room ready for us. Very clean and right next to the strip.	
May 4 2009 	Great Location - Great Stay	We had a great stay at this hotel. The location was great, just off the strip. Very quiet, smoke free and no casino. So if that is what you are looking for this is the place. The staff were very friendly, the room was great and the bed was very comfortable. Having a kitchen was really nice and it had everything a basic kitchen should have. The pool and the hot tub were so nice to have, we were able to take a break mid day and rejuvenate by the pool then hit the hot tub after a long day of walking. The breakfast was an extra bonus. Don't expect too much it is very basic. Cereal, bagels, bread, fruit, coffee, tea and juice. What was unusual was they had hard boiled eggs and ham. A lot a people brought a pan from their kitchen down and filled it up to eat in their rooms.To top it off the rooms had a free safe and free internet. Bring your laptop or Itouch and you will have all kinds of info at your finger tips. This hotel had everything we wanted and we would definitely recommend it and we would stay again if we are back in Vegas	
May 4 2009 	Nothing better in Vegas	We were over in Las Vegas from New Zealand in a large group of 23 all of whom were staying at different casinos and resorts up and down the strip. During our stay at the Desert Rose many of our friends and family visited us at the Desert Rose and were extremely impressed at the venue, the facilities, the fantastic breakfast and the size of the rooms. Many expressed that if they travelled to Vegas again they would stay at the Desert Rose. My fiance and I stayed here for a total of 11 nights and ended up extending our stay as we enjoyed it so much. The rooms are huge for Vegas and you get a full kitchen which is so handy when you are staying somewhere for so long. I used the room to get ready for my wedding with my two bridesmaids, two hairdressers/makeup artists and my Dad and we still had plenty of seating in the room. We would recommend this hotel to everyone and will not consider anywhere else when staying in Vegas!!!	
May 4 2009 	The best kept secret in Vegas	The Desert Rose is far and away the best value in Las Vegas. Just one block from the strip, it is convenient to all area attractions. But what makes it great are the rooms and the staff. The rooms are terrifically appointed and the staff is attentive to your every need.I will visit the Desert Rose on my next stay and recommend my colleagues and friends do the same.Terry BlackFairborn, Ohio	
May 4 2009 	Wonderful quiet gem	We visited for a family birthday with 12 people and 2 babies and can't say enough good things about the Desert Rose. As one who is not a Vegas fan, this was perfect. Unless you wanted to walk the one block to the 'strip' you would never have known you were in the heart of the Vegas hustle and bustle. The pool is very nice and is kid friendly for families. They continental breakfast and weekday cocktail parties were very nice. The suites were nicely appointed, although the carpeting and some of the furniture needed upgrading, this was minor. The kitchens were fully equipped, and it was very nice to have a private balcony. The staff was friendly and helpful....Walter in particular was terrific when we needed a late checkout. I would definitely stay there again. It was a fabulous value.	
May 2 2009 	Awesome hotel!	Stayed here per Trip Advisor ratings, wasn't disappointed. Near enough to the Strip to walk, but far enough away (about 3 blocks) that it's much quieter. We asked for a quiet room and they gave us room 4305 (building 4, 3rd floor). We could see the pool from our balcony, but weren't right over it. The free high-speed wireless was priceless as I still had some homework to finish. The cold breakfast in the morning is very nice. There's a soda and wine reception every evening, though we never made it to that. Overall, one of the best stays I've had in Vegas. Would definitely go back again!	
May 2 2009 	We love Condo's	First visit to Las Vegas and we stayed for 5 nights- condo was uber clean (even the patio door)! Maid service daily was a step above. A short walk to the &quot;Strip&quot; or a short walk to the MGM Grand to catch the monorail. No car needed. Breakfast and Happy Hour were a Bonus. We would definitely choose a condo at Desert Rose over ANY hotel room on the Strip!	
Apr 30 2009 	Thank you Trip Advisor	I found this little gem thanks to T.A. We were there just one night (last night) but were so happy. Booked our one-bedroom suite about two months ago for $101 through Expedia and then checked a couple of days ago and rebooked it for a special $75 - what a deal! The suite was great, the pool and jaccuzi were great, the free breakfast buffet was good (cold only, nothing hot) and the location was great. The only flaw, and it's a serious one in my opinion, is that there are loads of aggressive pigeons everywhere. The resort definitely needs to import a couple of cats and/or have spray bottles handy at the outdoor tables. And there's cold beer free during 5-7 happy hour (wine, not too good) along with a couple of appetizers. By the way, if you love Mexican food, go to T &amp; T's at the Luxor. Prettybar/restaurant and I've never seen Mexican food (which was delicious and I've eaten lots all over the country) presented so wonderfully. Comfy tooled leather bar seats and great lighting.	
Apr 30 2009 	A very clean and quiet hotel.	This was our fourth time staying at the Desert Rose Resort and we enjoyed our stay as always. The rooms were clean and the service was great. The staff was very helpful and helped me retrieve my lost wallet. We liked the rooms, the quiet nights without traffic noise, and the pool. The breakfasts were just OK. We plan to return.	
Apr 29 2009 	Re review - goofed on 1st review	This was one of the best stays in Las Vegas in many years. It i close to the strip and all the hotels. The rooms are well decorated, frnished and equipped. Thye staff was very7 friendly and treated you like royalty. We will be going back next month.Lonewolf	
Apr 29 2009 	Beautiful facility well located close to strip excellent value	great place , beautiful rooms... love the resort feel.Has all the amenities- kitchen, living room, 2 baths.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great stay	This a great hotel if you want to have some quiet place to stay after walking the Las Vegas Strip. Great value for your money, clean rooms, excelent service and perfect location. We just needed a place to relax and crash and this hotel exceeded our expectations. A great 800 square feet suite with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, dining &amp; living room. We only used the master bedroom for the two of us, we did not use the kitchen either but it has everything you need if you would like to save some bucks on food.	
Apr 25 2009 	Yep this is what they say it is...	The Desert Rose Resort pays attention to the details. We were in town for a conference and we needed a quiet place to work and relax. The Desert Rose delivered. Our suite was completely equipped with everthing we needed; the free internet was a huge bonus, the fully equipped kitchen (with dishwasher, oven, plates, silverware, and even a toaster), and the spacious suites allowed us to live and work comfortably while we were in town. It's not the Ritz, but it's one of the strongest values we know of in LV. The staff was friendly and efficient, making sure every detail was taken care of. We travel for a living and this resort stands out.	
Apr 24 2009 	Desert Rose Good Value For The Money	We just returned from an 8 day stay at Desert Rose Resort. Good location just a short walk to the strip and monorail. Nice looking property, comfortable accomodations, priced right. We encountered a few problems.... over flowing toilet, jammed safe, malfunctioning air conditioner. All problems were corrected in an acceptable time frame with a call to the front desk. Free continental breakfast was only adequate. It consisted of bread, cereal, bagels, hard boiled eggs, lunch meat turkey, and beverages. Not enough seating on all days we went. Many of the guests bring pans and &quot;load up&quot; with massive quantities of food and bring it back to their rooms. Do yourself a favor and skip the breakfast. Coco's Restaurant is a quick walk away. The food there is absolutely delicious, the service exceptional, free refills on all beverages and great bfast menu. Personally I would definately skip the continental bfast at Desert Rose. All in all; if you are looking for a non casino property this is a good value for the money. Something to keep in mind before booking is maid service is only every 3 days. We did call several times to request clean towels and they were quickly brought to our room, no questions asked, but daily clean towels and maid service would have been nice. I would reccommend this property to anyone who wants a non casino property close to the strip. It is a 3 star accomodation; not alot of frills; but clean and basic. I will close by mentioning that on our last day at the Desert Rose we found one cockroach in the kitchen. Management apologized profusely and told us that is common in desert properties to see roaches. We were told exterminators come weekly. ;-D	
Apr 23 2009 	Great overall package/value/location	I come to conventions in Vegas all the time and really try to avoid staying at the Strip hotels (when I'm footing the bill). I've stayed Downtown and off-Strip and have found good values there, but this place has a great ambiance, is a safe 5-10 min. walk to the Strip, and having the complimentary breakfast is great. We had 3 people share a 2Br suite and it worked out great!The security staff is very conscientious too; I got a phone call at 1:30am that a window on our car was rolled down; something that we had overlooked when parking it. Sure, I didn't like having to get up to take care of it, but I'm glad they were out there doing their job!	
Apr 22 2009 	5 out of 5 truely exceptional	pros-all of the above really, truely excellent.-apartment style rooms with fully equipped kitchen and lounge area, 2 tvs, large bathroom.cons-complementary breakfast is like feeding time at a zoo, not hotels fault at all, give out free food, they come running., days we utilised we were in and out. Not hotels fault but possibly a different approach to breakfast could be thought of.	
Apr 21 2009 	still a great place	We stayed here last year and loved it. It is indeed an oasis with friendly people. Clean and quiet. I loved the kitchen and the ability to have coffee and toast before I got dressed.We are older people who don't drive in a lot of traffic so this is a great place to get to and find our way around town without hitting a lot oftraffic. There is the Monarail for the strip. Even a church close by.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great - clean non-smoking well-located convenient and economical	I would not hesitate to recommend the Desert Rose. Excellent value.	
Apr 20 2009 	Perfect place for a non-party type stay in L. V.	My friend and I chose the Desert Rose for our trip to the World Cup Grand Prix and couldn't have been happier. It was quiet, comfortable and only a 10 minute drive (or less) from the Thomas and Mack Center. It was also convenient to the strip to which we walked for dinner our last night. Our two bedroom suite was perfect for two women with different sleep habits. My friend is a nurse who works nights and is, therefore, accustomed to staying up late. I, however, am an early to bed type but who likes fall asleep to the soothing drone of TV news talking heads. With TVs in each of out rooms, there was no problem.Because each of us had tickets to the evening competition on different nights , we didn't get to the managers reception more thantwice, but found it to be friendly and a real plus for the resort. The breakfast was only OK, in my opinion, especially since they ran out of yogurt almost every morning and it was totally absent on the weekends. The good side of that, however, was that it was quite easy to keep some in our own refrigerator.The other negative was that since it is a family friendly resort, there were many families with many small children and the pool was a bit unfriendly from a senior's point of view, but that's nit picking. All in all, I can't think of a place I'd rather stay in LV.I would definitely stay here the next time I visit LV	
Apr 20 2009 	Great for families and a good value	We just got back from 2 nights at the Desert Pearl. What a great value! If you want fancy landscaping and pool valets who spray Evian on you, go somewhere else. But stay at the Desert Peral if you want a 1BR condo that has everything you need. Full kitchen, king size bed, adequate pool with free pool towels, sofa-bed for the kids, FREE breakfast, evening reception and NO gambling. Other than the fact that it's next to the Hooters hotel -- it's very kid friendly. Some of the reviews indicate that the furnishings were old and dated but it looked like our room was recently updated. New utensils, new fridge, new easy-clean electric range and dishwasher. It even has measuring spoons so it's very well furnished. The beds were older so if you don't like the old style sofa-beds, you might want to skip this place. The walls were also thin so when someone showers or flushes, you can hear it. This condo is a step above the typical kitchenette room -- normally part of the Shell Vacations Club time-share so has nice touches. The staff was friendly and left voice mail with the daily weather report. Breakfast buffet was hectic and not enough tables/chairs so we just brought a pan from our room down and brought food back to eat. The breakfast included cold-cuts -- which was strange. We just assumed they provided it for us to use for packing a picnic lunch. Only one compliant. They were doing some landscaping and seemed like &quot;natural&quot; fertilizer was used. But the smell just lasted for a couple of hours and didn't bother us unless we were outside.	
Apr 18 2009 	Beautiful little place right behind the strip	What a pleasant surprise! This place is right behind the Tripicanna which (coincidentally) was where our good friends were staying. Easy access to everything! Pretty one beadroom condo, great free breakfast and happy hour. We couldn't have been happier.	
