Oct 5 2009 	good value does what it says on the tin	was a bit worried having read reviews after booking glad i didnt see them rooms are a bit small but comfortable &amp; clean, staff helpful, 24 hr security on site restaraunt really good ,all together you get good value for your moneyalso really close will definitely call again only problem very little storage spacether were 6 in our party sharing 3 rooms we all agreed its good value	
Nov 30 2008 	I'm Glad it Stays in Vegas	We booked a room in this place because they allowed dogs. Having said that, our experience was something else. When we checked in the magnetic room keys weren't working so each time we left the room we had to wait for security to come around and let us in. We had to request additional towels and washcloths; there was NO hot water (no kidding) and we didn't find out until we were in the shower. The wireless internet service was 8.95 a day and didn't work (another credit card charge that isn't refundable). And I forgot to mention the hookers who patrolled the parking lot outside our room on the ground floor. While many customers saw them as a bonus, their heels clicked all nite long and drove the dog crazy. We left after one night and now must fight between the booking service and hotel for a refund that we will never see.	
Jul 31 2008 	If in Vegas only to party 	As the title says, if you are in VEgas to only party, gamble &amp; sightsee and don't plan on sleeping much, this is a good motel right off the strip. It's about a 5-10 minute walk from the strip, right behind MGM Grand &amp; next to Hooter's Resort. The prices are good, the rooms are good enuff to catch some sleep and store your luggage, they're clean, there's a pool. We arrived 2 hours prior to check in time, and we were able to get both our rooms within 15 minutes. There's a family restaurant right in front, Coco's. we went with the idea to skimp on accomodations and splurge on everything else, and this was perfect for that.	
May 21 2008 	Our patio party was a success	Very clean rooms, friendly staff, nice and close to the strip, very quiet. Would definately come back and stay again.	
Mar 30 2009	Si vous êtes mal pris!		
