Oct 25 2009 	Well....	We are on the 4th floor, no balcony, pretty standard room, sort of like Motel 6 , at least there is a fridge and microwave. Tonight the Halloween party they had down stairs triggared the fire alarm, there were families with small kids and the rest of us packing frantically and marching out of the building, turned out it was the party using smoke to better show off their costume potential. So, there we were in the parking lot while our adult trick or treaters poured another one back. Front desk: Just a dude saying:&quot;False Alarm,&quot; went back to talking on his cell. Not good. The 4th floor is non smoking, but smells like a cigar. Oh, and bring your own hair conditioner and lotion, they have that crummy &quot;conditioner shampoo and a bar of soap&quot; party on.	
Sep 25 2009 	Stop in Mesquite Stay at Falcon Ridge	This location is a newer hotel on top of the ridge with great views north off exit 120. Staff is friendly and attentive, rooms clean and large, especially the 4th floor with a vaulted ceiling. Some suites have balconies for getting fresh air and taking in the views. The room had a microwave, refrigerator, coffee machine, desk and free wireless internet. Breakfast is your standard fare done well with eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, make your own waffles, bagels, toast, cereal, muffins, amd coffee. No OJ or fruit though.This hotel is not right next to the casinos but only 2 minutes away by car and the town has zero traffic. Super close to all the golf courses especially the new highly anticipated Conestoga Golf Club. Hotel had two conferences going on as well and the guests that I spoke with really enjoyed the atmosphere and setting.	
Sep 16 2009	Favorite stay in mesquite...clean roomy upscale rooms= manager aims to please	We have stayed in every lodging destination in Mesquite and by far this is our favorite. This particular visit...I telephoned the manager, Patty Brown, who I have always admired as a friendly, caring, hard working , hands on manager. I wanted to get the best rate for my 5 couple friends, and she did everything possible, looked into golf packages for us and gave us a great competitive rate. The rooms are very nice, the suites beautiful with balconies. They will accommodate pets on the first floor one wing,(See what you get if you take a pet to the Virgin River! Hold your nose and don't take off your shoes in that wing..) Falcon Ridge has e a top notch hot breakfast. No gaming, but minutes to all casinos, so it is relaxing, peaceful, great views on top of the knoll, and quiet. I will and have recommended this hotel to everyone I know with travel plans through or to Mesquite.	
Aug 9 2009 	Upscale Property With A Great View	Located high on a ridge west of I-5, with a fine view of Mesquite, Falcon Ridge is probably the nicest property in that town and in a class of its own. It's &quot;competitors&quot; are the casinos and older, &quot;mom and pop&quot; local motels.Although it's in the desert, the hotel has a 24-hour indoor pool and hot tub. The bad news is that they're located across from the check-in desk and you're visible to everyone in the lobby because of a sliding glass door.Breakfast offerings are a bit above avergae, with scrambled eggs, &quot;you-make-'em&quot; waffles, biscuits, bagels, cereals, muffins, etc. along with the standard beverages and some high end tea bags in a variety of flavors.Rooms are very comfortable and probably the largest you'll find in town except for a casino suite if you're a high roller. Big screen TV (ours was LCD), microwave, and small refrigerator are standard. There's a computer in the lobby for Internet access if you don't have a laptop.There's a commercial area just before the hotel which you have to pass through to get to it. There you'll find a Wal-Mart and some &quot;fast food' dining options, although the casinos have the better deals.My &quot;value&quot; rating considers what you'd pay for a Mesquite casino hotel room on a weekend and what you'd get for that based on a stay at Oasis before it closed. You'll get much more at Falcon Ridge for probably the same price. Weekdays are a different story.Website: http://falconridgehotel.com/	
Jun 22 2009 	Not Worth It - Stay in St. George or Las Vegas	The Falcon Ridge Hotel continued our run of bad luck with hotels in Mesquite. The first room that we were given was not clean - stains on the bed sheets and a dirty toilet. Once we complained they apologized and moved us to another room, which was clean. The pool was small and dirty. We could never get the air conditioning unit (it was not central air) to work well, it was loud even on low and the auto setting just kept blowing out cold air. It was almost impossible to sleep with it on. I had to keep getting up to turn it off and on throughout the night. At 3 o’clock in the morning we decided driving on I15 to get home was a better place to be than trying to tough it out in the room. One good thing - the room was large and had two TVs.Based on our experience, drive as fast as you can past Mesquite and stay in St. George or Las Vegas.	
Apr 21 2009 	Don't Book with an on-line service if you don't want a smoking room!	&quot;I made a reservation with http://tripres.com over the phone for the Falcon Ridge Hotel in Mesquite, NV. I got an ok, non refundable rate. I specifically asked for non-smoking. When I arrived it was pouring rain and the only room the hotel would give me was a smoking room. They said their contract with tripres said they could put &quot;whole sale&quot; room rates in their stinky smoking room. I called http://tripres.com and waiting on my cell phone forever with no help. I called back and asked for a manager and got his voicemail. Do you think I ever got a call back? NOOOOO! Beware of tripres and their sneaky policies. At no time did I ever get notified of this possibility.&quot; Choose FriendsI made a reservation with http://tripres.com over the phone for the Falcon Ridge Hotel in Mesquite, NV. I got an ok, non refundable rate. I specifically asked for non-smoking. I was told they would request this for me and it shouldn't be a problem. When I arrived it was pouring rain and the only room the hotel would give me was a smoking room. After being in stinky Las Vegas Casinos for two days, I would looking forward to the break from the second hand smoke. I pleaded to get a different room with the front desk. They said their contract with tripres said they could put &quot;whole sale&quot; room rates in their stinky smoking rooms. This is the only place they put wholesale priced rooms. They wouldn't budge. They claimed they were completely full. I had arrived about 6:00 PM. I called http://tripres.com and waiting on my cell phone forever with no help. I called back and asked for a manager and got his voicemail. Do you think I ever got a call back? NOOOOO! Beware of tripres and their sneaky policies. At no time did I ever get notified of this possibility.	
Dec 29 2008 	Worst hotel experience	I wanted to surprise my husband to a nice hotel experience since we were driving from Denver, Colorado back to Los Angeles, California. But it turned out to be a terrible suprise for both of us. As most road trippers know, the hotels in Mesquite, Nevada are limited. As often as we've been, I learned of Falcon Ridge as one of the newer hotels that wasn't a casino. As such, I proceeded to book the room (a suite) online and even called to ensure my reservation. As soon as I booked the room I received an automated confirmation, but just in case, I also called--the woman who answered immediately put me on hold. After 15 minutes of being placed on hold I decided to hang up. An email confirmation should hold--shouldn't it? After 13 hours of driving across the Rocky Mountains, Utah, and part of Arizona, we were excited to pull up to the Falcon Ridge Hotel at 1:00 a.m.. There were two cars in front of us who were also checking in at the same time. As I approached the front desk, a man who was pretending to be on the phone (I say pretending because I never saw him speak into the phone nor saw him trying to help anyone on the computer--he was just holding it--which may explain why I was on hold for so long the day before). I told the man I was checking in, he immediately told me the hotel was booked. I told him I reserved the room online yesterday. He responded with &quot;we only hold reservations until midnight&quot;. Another guest who just arrived blurted out &quot;That's not true! I was able to get a room. I was told that late arrivals were okay.&quot; I asked the front desk clerk what I was supposed to do after driving for 13 hours expecting a room. He looked at me angrily and did not respond. I did not receive a comp, a simple apology, or assistance for another hotel option. Thank goodness I went in and not my attorney husband who would've raised hell (and still might). I cross checked my email confirmation as soon as I got home and did not see a cancellation policy &quot;at midnight&quot;. This place is a scam. I called every hotel in Mesquite that night --which were all booked and ended up driving an extra hour and a half to Las Vegas. This was the worst hotel experience. I would not recommend this place to any traveler.	
Nov 25 2008 	Okay nothing else	Stayed at the Falcon Ridge and wasn't overly impressed. Would question the cleanliness of rooms as we had to clean the drawers of the unit before we put our clothes in. On the last day we found a pair of underpants behind the tv unit - needless to say they didn't belong to us!!!Breakfast was ok though there wasnt any fruit available the last 2 mornings of our stay.Would hesitate to return.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great place to stay in Nevada	Stayed five nights in one of their petite suites. Large rooms with microwave and refrigerator, balcony. Very comfortable, clean with nice amenities. Did hear some visitors complain that they could hear people above them walking around. We obviously did not hear that being on the top floor. Top floor room also had vaulted ceilings. Really nice. Hotel at top of hill overlooking vast area (shopping center below on one side with mountains in distance; golf course on other side). Nice hot breakfast buffet each morning. Really conveniently located for lots of things to see and do. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Oh NO! You sold our room to someone else!!	We stayed only for one night. We had reserved a suite, but was given a single room - with 5 of us - was told they rented out our room even though I went out of my way to call earlier, confirm our reservation and told them we would be checking in late - was told no problem. When we got there, a family had locked themselves out of the room as their teenage daughter slept away in the bolted room. The desk person had no idea how to fix it and left us standing at the desk for over 30 minutes. He then gave us the wrong room. The room was not that great and you could hear every step from the floor above. The floor would squeak with every step as well - indicating that there was some issue with the floors. We could hear the floor in our room squeak as well when we walked around. We made the room work, but did not get much sleep as the people in the room above us were up late and got up early to boot! They had some sort of sports group/s staying there and the were tweens running unattended and &quot;playing&quot; in the elevators that were slow to begin with. We had all our luggage so we could not just opt to take the stairs and finally began to bang on the elevator doors and then hear the many giggles/shrieks from the girls that had been holding the elevator on the upper levels. The breakfast seemed to be fine since we were up early - there was a good selection of stuff and a waffle maker. If you stay - make sure you get a top level room and have the ability to take the stairs if you don't like waiting for very slow elevators.	
Aug 3 2008 	Possibly the best hotel option in town	I'm not a fan of Mesquite in general but this hotel is a pleasant property away from the main town and casinos across the I-15. Ideal if looking for a 'non casino' stop over during a trip, one hour and fifteen mins outside of Vegas.This newish property offers WIFI, good sized clean rooms and a pool. Close by is Walmart, cinema, liquor store and other shops. Very easy access to I-15.We stayed in a slightly larger room with a separate (but not in same room) lounge area with foldout sofabed , extra TV set and kitchenette. Would recommend the Eureka Casino 'The Experience' buffet as a good food option.Can't remember - $80 a night I think.Good value. Will stay again.	
Jul 30 2008 	nice place	if your looking for a clean, quite hotel this ones for you...spent 4 nights here in july on a golf package. terrific rates at the hotel and the golf packages they offer are very reasonable...played some great courses in the area and will surely return someday...patty brown the property manager was terrific....	
Jul 14 2008 	Falcon Ridge Delight	The Falcon Ridge is stituation on the opposite side of the Highway than the casions at the same end of town so it without the hustle and bustle of that scene.A full warm/cold complementary breakfast lets you get off to a great start each morning. Zoe checked us in and out and was a real pleasure to deal with.If you are in Mesquite to golf or gamble and do not want to stay at a casino the Falcon Ridge is the way to go.	
Jul 11 2008 	Astonishingly good value for money.	Pre-booked our 1st night here and so impressed with it after our long trip from England via Las Vegas airport and 1½ hours up the I-15, that we cancelled our final holiday night at a Best Western and booked again here instead.Brand new hotel, still with the fragrance of new carpeting. Way above average breakfast. Location is atop a Ridge with great views, but you need to use the car to get anywhere for a meal (the Eureka Casino buffet is a steal) or even down to the Walmart etc for that matter.Actually breakfast on our return visit did not come up to expectations (even though everything else certainly did) ! Apparently a coach-load of geriatrics had devoured all the fruit and eggs the previous morning, so although we were present before 9am, there was no scrambled eggs until 09:55am - and the promised fresh fruit never arrived at all ! How long can it take for someone to realise that there is a shortage and run off to Walmart to get some ? Like I said you need a car !A great stop post- or pre-Las Vegas-flight if you don't want to stop in Las Vegas. Astonishingly good value for money, it cost us through e-bookers just £19.31 (US$35) for a King-sized bedroom with fridge, microwave, iron etc etc, and including the two breakfasts. There could have been a family of four of us if it had been two Queen beds rather than our chosen King.	
May 21 2008 	Gem in the desert!	I stayed at the Falcon Ridge in Mesquite, NV for a business trip and it was a pleasant surprize in the desert. I am sure that all staff members are good but two staff members stood out for me and they are Zoe and Emma. These ladies were so helpful and great. They have a &quot;what can we do for you attitude&quot; and that makes any stay pleasant.Rooms were spacious and the breakfast plentiful.	
May 5 2008	Super	Great hotel. Clean! Great breakfast. Quick check in with Zoe! We will be back!!!	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Stay	This was a stop over to and from a visit to the N. Grand Canyon and Zion. Its about 90 miles NE of Vegas. Good stop over if you still want to gamble. What a great find! The hotel sits on a hill overlooking the rest of the city. The price was right and the rooms were more than expected. Clean, big, and not abused (like some of the other properties in Mesquite). The lobby and check-in were fine. The breakfast was good-included hot items. Will go back.	
Mar 19 2008	Poor Customer Service	Not Impressed !! Never got to stay here, but wanted to after reading all the outstanding reviews. We attempted to make reservations, but got put on hold for 6 minutes only to be disconnected. We called back and got the same clerk (Bobbie) and advised her we would like to make reservations and how we just got disconnected. There was no &quot;I'm sorry about that&quot; or any customer service apology. She was only interested in our arrival date and how many nights we wished to stay as she put us on hold again. Bobbie returned only to advise us the only room available was a room with two queen beds &amp; smoking. Not interested in our only choice :-(	
Dec 31 2007 	Wonderful place to stay	Loved our stay at this hotel. King size bed had 8 king size pillows on it. Felt very homey and comfortable and was very clean. The bathroom was larger than normal, marble floor and counter top. The hot breakfast the next morning was freshly made, had a large variety to choose from, and it was delicious. The pool was not available the day we stayed there. The only down side was you could hear the upstairs occupant walk around very clearly. All in all, it was an incredible deal for the price we paid. Would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 30 2007	very good	All we were looking for was a cheap place to stay on our drive to California. It turned out to be a surprisingly nice hotel for the price. Not a fantastic hotel by any means, but a lot nicer( I think) than most people would expect. This is definitely where I will stay from now on when I come to mesquite, provided they keep the prices low. Pros:-The hotel is fairly new and very clean-Free high speed internet and breakfast-Decent bed, mini fridge and microwave in rooms-Pool, exercise room, and arcade-Nice bathrooms with marble counter tops and a good showerCons: -The walls and ceiling squeeked every time the people above us walked around. It was actually quite loud and even kept me awake for a while at night.	
Dec 2 2007 	Unbeatable values and location great facility	We stayed for 2 nights on Nov 29 and 30, 2007, booked through Travelworm for about $80 / night, all inclusive. It includes complimentary breakfast and free internet. We were told that in about a month, room charge will include dinner too! Hotel is only 1.5 years old with plenty of space in the rooms and high ceiling.Breakfast includes a wide variety of items include: self-made fresh waffles, all kinds of pastries, muffins, bagels, hot cheese scambled eggs, hard-boiled eggs, hot bacons, hot French toast, potatoes, hot sausages, cold cereals, oatmeals, and all kinds of beverages. It has to be among one of the best complimentary breakfasts offer anywhere!As for the stay, everything was good except a few minor dings: wooden floor was noisy when someone walks on it above you, fridge was noisy so we unplugged it, we didn't like those A/C unit so we opened our windows but was noisy since it's I-15 outside. internet service was down when I needed it.Nonetheless, it was an excellent stay and staff were all friendly and helpful. We definitely want to go back for and stay again for the free breakfast and dinner!	
Nov 19 2007 	Good but not Wow	By far, the nicest place to stay in Mesquite. If you want to avoid thecasio atmosphere, this is a good choice. Not one slot machine was to be seen. Sometimes, that's a good thing.I gave it a 4 instead of a 5, because while they got most things down pretty well, they were missing on the details. For example, our bathroom was very nicely appointed with granite counters and Neutragena products. But then they supply very thin and cheap feeling towels. Further, the tub/shower was very narrow and could have benefited greatly from the curved-outward shower curtain rods found inmany other less posh hotels.The breakfast described in their brochure sounded very tasty, but the reality was less so. Not a lot of food choices, but what was there was OK. The breakfast dining area was odd in that it consisted of only6 large tables seating 8 or so. If you don't mind spending your breakfast at a table with strangers, I've got a place for you!I don't mean to come across nit-picky, as this place does most things very well. But it makes their failures even more jarring. Still, this would be our choice to stay in Mesquite due to the lack of smoking andcasino-ness.	
Nov 13 2007	Great hotel for the cost	A golfing friend and I stayed here 4 nights. We were greeted by friendly staff throughout our stay. We each had a mini suite on the 4th floor with a nice view of the valley.The premesis was clean, smoke free, and very comfortable. the mini breakfast buffet was always fresh and good and a great way to start each day. I would definatelly stay here again. A suggestion, bring your own pillow as the pillows in my room were the foam type and not as soft as I like. I had brought my own pillow so it was no problem for me.	
Nov 11 2007	Nice Hotel	We drove to Las Vegas and wound up getting to Nevada two days early. We stopped at a truck stop and looked at Expedia for hotels in the area, and found a mini suite at Falcon Ridge for $88.00. I called the hotel, and they quoted me $130/nite. I told them the rate that I had received at Expedia, and they honored that rate with no problems. The customer service we received was excellent. Our room had a balcony with nice views, mini fridge, microwave, and coffee maker. They also have a complimentary breakfast buffet. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 12 2007	Inflexible Hotel	Hotel refused to cancel a reservation just barely inside their 48 hour window even though it was made just a day before. I became very ill and even offered to reschedule the reservation but hotel was completely rude and inflexible.	
Oct 2 2007 	Highly recommended!	The hotel was clean and it was a great location on the way to Zion and the Grand Canyon North Rim. Nice breakfast and room size for the price! Super Walmart conveniently located next door.	
Sep 12 2007 	Excellent for the price	We wanted somewhere to stop over on the first night of our trip to the States having flown into Vegas on our way to visit Zion National Park, Bryce Canyone etc. We didn't want to stay in Vegas but wanted somewhere quieter as we have a six month old baby. Mesquite looked like a good choice as it was on our way to Zion but not a long drive from Vegas. We picked the Falcon Ridge as it was the number 1 choice in Mesquite on this site and it didn't disappoint. The room was huge - more like a mini suite with a large King Bed, seperate seating area and small kitchinette (including a refridgerator and microwave which made it easier for storing baby food and heating up milk). The staff were really friendly and helpful and we were given a room on the top floor. Another bonus was the free breakfast next morning which included hot items such as eggs, bacon sausages, waffles, also toast, muffins and cereals. It was buffet style so you could eat as much as you wanted!Only slight criticism was the air con was quite loud.We were also slightly annoyed that we had to pay to hire the crib for our baby which we had requested when we booked with Hotels.com. I had telephoned to make the booking so that I could specifically request the crib but had not been told about the hire charge (it wasn't much - $20 but annoying that we had not been told about this).Overall I would certainly recommend this hotel, it only cost us around $75 for the night (plus the crib charge).	
Aug 31 2007 	Always a good deal	Stayed for the second time at the Falcon Ridge which is perfectly located near the Interstate 15 on a knoll with nice views. The building is vast featuring comfy, well outfitted, spacious rooms. It still looks quite new and the whole facility is in a good shape. There is a gym section including an outdoor pool with a hot tub.Falcon Ridge Hotel has an excellent price performance and is very easily accessible when travelling on the nearby Interstate Highway. It's a perfect place for a stopover in this region.Only breakfast is disappointing as not served long enough in the morning and a bit to basic concerning meal choice.	
Aug 7 2007 	Falcon Ridge Hotel - A Cut Above	After checking out hotel ratings in Mesquite, we decided to stay at the Falcon Ridge Hotel, a relatively new property, because it was rated #1 by tripadvisor members. We have always stayed at the Oasis Hotel and Casino in the past, but we wanted to try something different, and hopefully, better. The differences are huge, between the two hotels. The biggest difference being that the Falcon Ridge is NOT a casino hotel. In fact, there was not a slot machine in sight. This was perfect, as far as we were concerned. When we want to gamble, we have no problem getting in the car and driving 5 minutes. Being that the Falcon Ridge is not attached to a casino, there was no &quot;smokey&quot; smell lingering in the hotel, or in the room we stayed in. The atomosphere is quieter and very low key. Perfect for relaxing. Big difference number 2 - The Oasis has a huge pool scene. Several pools and usually a lot of people hanging out by them. The Falcon Ridge pool area is small, but it was refreshing and clean and beautiful. The hotel does have a hot tub, as well. My husband and I had a great time hanging out in the pool on Sunday, there were only 2-3 other adults out there with us at any given time. It was very quiet and pleasant. Big difference #3 - Continental Breakfast. The Falcon Ridge steps up to the plate with this one. I have never gotten a Continental Breakfast like this at any other hotel I have stayed at. They had many selections, I can't even remember everything. Fruit and cookies and muffins, omelets with salsa, belgian waffles, cereals, milk and juices, coffee, sausage... I know I'm forgetting several things. There was about 7-8 large tables in the eating area, and they served breakfast until 10am.We chose one of the larger rooms, or a &quot;King Petite Suite&quot;, as the staff called it, which was located on the first floor. We needed the extra room to accomodate our 3 children and our dog (which was also welcome on the property for a nominal fee). The room was nicely decorated and had plenty of storage in drawers, closet and cupboards. The room was quite cold when we first entered, we had to turn the air conditioner down, which by no means is a complaint! The bathroom was clean and was nicely done with lots of marble/granite. It is not a large bathroom, by any means, but did have a few nice touches to it. For instance, female guests are given a free Venus razor (which smells like peaches, no kidding!) and a free sample of oil of olay regenerist face cream, both of which I am still using 2 weeks later! The shampoo and conditioner was standard stuff - I brought my own. There is a nice full length mirror on the back of the bathroom door, and of course, a blow dryer in the wall by the sink.Kitchenette included a small refridgerator, coffee maker and coffee, disposable cups, a sink, and plenty of cupboard space.We had a king-sized bed, which was comfortable and had several thick pillows on it, with a TV in the bedroom. The room had a decent sized fold-out couch, and a second TV in that sitting area. There was a desk, a dresser and several other nightstands or tables with drawers. Like I said, plenty of storage space for those who like to completely unpack (like myself).Our room had a walk out with a small sitting area. 2 iron chairs and a small table. It was nice, but almost too hot to ever sit outside and enjoy it. I did sit outside for a while one night, and watched a lightning storm was miles away to the east. The sun was setting at the time and the sky was a dark pink, with clouds looming in the distance. The Falcon Ridge is located, yes, on a ridge - so it does have a nice view.Some facts - The Falcon Ridge is situated on the west side of the freeway, near Walmart. The hotel has ample parking.There is a soda vending machine and ice machine located on the first floor, there is a snack vending machine located on the second floor. Staff gave us change whenever we needed it.There are two washing machines and two dryers available for guest useage, as well as small containers of laundry soap and dryer sheets for sale.Complaints -The floor under the air conditioner was damp. Maybe a small leak? We placed a towel over the area during our stay. The couch seats on our fold out smelled faintly of urine. The staff took care of the problem immediately.***Overall - Great experience, we will definitely stay here again!***	
Jul 6 2007 	Jewel In The Desert	A Jewel In The Desert for sure !! This hotel location was just perfect with wonderful staff, wonderful rooms; clean and comfortable with highly impressive bathrooms; granite countertop sinks and granite surrounding the tub/shower; really homey ... better than what we saw when &quot;peeking&quot; at the other resorts in town .. also, found a gem of a restaurant; Hugo's Hilltop Restaurant; fabulous italian food with awesome prices .. went there two nights in a row for dinner; asked and received recipe for chef's &quot;tomato basil&quot; soup which was to die for .. highly recommend this restaurant above any others in town as well as the Falcon Ridge Hotel	
Jun 23 2007 	Very Nice	We stayed two night at the hotel. Very nice rooms and property.The hotel is newer, clean and well maintained.They offer free WiFi which we used with our laptop.You need a cable to hook up. If you don't have one, they will loan you one, for a deposit. The breakfast wasn't that great. They eggs were rubbery, hash brown looked greasy as was the bacon. But, people were gobbling it down so I guess it tasted all right to them. We had waffles which you make yourself. The coffee was weak, but I am a Starbucks fan.Nice place to stay, we would stay there again.Nick	
May 9 2007	Great Hotel	Room was fantastic, clean and had everything you could ever need. The Hotel was easy to find which was important after a long flight from London - Las Vegas, then the drive to MesquiteBreakfast in the hotel was better than most hotel breakfasts, and was enough to set us up for the drive to Bryce.Will definately use this hotel again.	
Apr 29 2007 	Very Nice Stop Off	We used this hotel as a stopping off place between Las Vegas and Zion (Utah) and it was more than adequate, very decent place to stay. Actually, the scenery outside of the hotel is quite nice as it overlooks some dessert scapes , but/and also a Wal Mart (which came in handy to pick some things up fore the trip. This entire area appears to be under development). All was clean, and they offered a satisfactory breakfast. The elevator was tediously slow, which really is not important, but I just mention it because it is really so slooooow. The ride from here to Bryce was quite stunning, through a canyon and we were glad that decided to sleep over here so we could make the drive in in the light of morning.	
Feb 25 2007	Very nice place to stay	Lovely and clean. We had a large room on the 4th floor. Very quiet and comfortable. The staff were polite and accomodating. My only complaint would be the breakfast, which was not too bad except for the coffee...tasteless. The coffee provided in the room was no better. Still I would happily stay there again. Great value.	
Feb 20 2007 	Repeat guests!	My husband &amp; I stayed here once over the Thanksgiving Holiday '06 and again for our anniversary just prior to Valentines Day '07. We love Falcon Ridge. Staff is very accommodating: we stayed in a particular room back in November and when we asked to stay in the same room upon our second visit, they said &quot;yes&quot;. Falcon Ridge is right above a super Walmart so that made it easy for us to stock up on light snacks/drinks for the kitchen amenities provided. Room is large and well laid-out; quality toiletries are in place. Free breakfast is nothing to write home about but this has never been important to our stay(s). This hotel is great for a little rest &amp; relaxation and we will absolutely be back for many more visits.	
Jan 14 2007 	Great new hotel on the hill	We stayed at Falcon Ridge on Dec 29th - 31. Great hotel. It is very new and very clean. We had a petite suite, and it was really nice. Even had a patio, although it was too cool to spend much time out on it. It had two rooms, separated by a half-wall, with an arched doorway. The &quot;bedroom&quot; had a king bed and TV. The &quot;Living Room&quot; had a sofa and TV, with a sink, fridge, coffee maker and microwave. It was all new and fresh. The only thing was both TV's used the same frequency remote. So when you would press a button on one, unless the remote was pointed directly at the TV you were using, would turn on or change channels on both TV's. The bathroom was very big and clean. Had a very large counter.We ate breakfast one of the mornings and it is a full breakfast, eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles etc. They were keeping it fresh and it really was good. Kept us going much of the day. There was no other restaurant, or casino in this hotel, which was fine, plenty of others around Mesquite. Overall, very nice hotel, at the top of the hill provides some good views of Mesquite. For $100 for a petite suite, we thought it was priced very well too.	
Nov 25 2006 	Fantastic Hotel	This was the cheapest Hotel on our road trip and by far the best. It's a brand new hotel and looks fantastic inside and out. The rooms are big and comfortably furnished with fridge and microwave. It has fantastic views all around and is an idea place to stop if you're driving to Bryce Canyon or Death Valley and want to break up the journey. The complimentary breakfast was great, not just continental, bacon and eggs, so we pigged out and had no need for lunch. A bargain hotel and deserving of more than the three stars it's got.	
Nov 24 2006	Really is an oasis!	After 3 days in Vegas drive to Mesquite was refreshing. Being from Boston, the next day's drive to St.George was even better. A postcard drive! Stayed at Falcon Ridge Hotel 2 nites with a day trip to St.George. Hotel was new and clean with convenient free breakfast but foot sounds from room above. Will stay there again but get balcony room; balconies looked scenic and comfortable. Lunch at Falcon Ridge Golf course was good. Visited golf courses in Mesquite(4) and St.George(4); missed Wolf Creek and highend courses in St.George though. No time to play this trip but all courses were scenic and affordable. Palms course in Mesquite impressive; overall though, guessing that we would enjoy St.George golf over Mesquite golf. Plan to return May/June to play golf and get 2nd look of area. Tuesday nite trip to Oasis and Casablanca Casinos; we preferred Casablanca. Friendly people at all stops in Mesquite and St.George. 1st time reviewer so buyer beware though!	
Sep 18 2006 	uncomfortable beds	This property is very nice and away from the casinos and conveniently located next to a Super Wal Mart. The room was spacious, we had a king-sized bed, a mini fridge and microwave. The accomodations were nice and pleasant. Did not sleep well here at all, the mattress was comfortable, but the mattress pad would not anchor onto the mattress and kept coming off, I'm a sensitive sleeper so this was a problem for me because when the pad came loose the sheet would then come off and I'd be on the bare mattress. Housekeeping did not do a thorough job (although it wasn't anything major), we were here two nights. During the first night we had run out of kleenex and toilet paper, they simply left new supplies sitting on the bathroom counter instead of putting them in their proper dispensers the next day. They also did not replenish our towels, they took the dirty ones, but didn't leave any clean ones, we had no washcloths or hand towels. I just simply went down to the front desk and got replacements.We accidently left our window open and were at the casinos all day and into the night, during that time Mesquite got hit with a powerful dust storm. It really wasn't a problem, but thought it was kinda strange they didn't shut the window. Didn't care for the breakfast served, but we didn't get to it until 9:30 so everything was rubbery and cold, probably would've been fine if we'd made it down earlier, there was a great selection. Except no doughnuts.	
Aug 9 2006 	Can't find a better place in Mesquite	Mesquite is a normal stop on the family vacation and we usually stay at the Casablanca or Virgin River, but decided to branch out a bit this time around and wasn't disappointed. We stayed at the Falcon Ridge and were very impressed. The hotel is about a year old and still very clean. The rooms and beds where very nice and comfortable. It has a beautiful pool and spa, but the pool is on the small side. Nice friendly staff too. I think we found our new usually spot.	
Jun 29 2006	Best option in Mesquite	We stayed here two nights in April. It is a nicely decorated new hotel with a polite staff and adequate breakfast included.. The other major hotels in Mesquite are attached to smokey casinos, so this is a nice retreat. It has a weight room and mini arcade and a tiny pool. However ,be prepared for a lot of little kids running around the hallways. The large families probably choose this hotel because it is away from the casinos	
May 8 2006	Quiet and relaxing	I had originally intended to take my post-graduation vacation in Palm Springs, using a &quot;free vacation&quot; promotion from a time-share presentation, but I was dismayed when I researched the hotel they chose for me! I did not want to stay in a badly reviewed hotel after many years of hard work in college, but I still wanted a vacation. I chose Mesquite (rather than Las Vegas) because it is smaller and less noisy and crowded, and I chose the Falcon Ridge because of the reviews I read, because of the price, and because it wasn't a noisy, smoky casino. I wanted peace and quiet and relative solitude, which I found at Falcon Ridge. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and my fourth floor room was comfortable and quiet, which is exactly what I needed. I did not get a chance to sample the free breakfast as I slept until 11 every day... I also did not spend much time near the pool at all, preferring instead to enjoy my quiet room. What I saw of the pool looked pleasant and welcoming, and out of the wind. From my south-facing window, I had a lovely view of the valley and the partially landscaped hotel grounds. Check-in and -out was quick and painless, my fellow midweek guests were a bit older and friendly, and my room was nicely decorated with a very comfortable bed. The mini-fridge/microwave combo was a nice touch, except it was preset to defrost on Thursday night, which caused me some alarm until I realized that I had kept the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on my door the whole time, and my room was not disturbed! :) Things were back to normal in the morning.The hotel is surprisingly close to some good shops and restaurants, and not far from the casinos, if that's why you're in Mesquite. As a solo traveler, I really liked the security--you need your key to go anywhere except the elevator, and I felt very safe. The deadbolt and security bar on the door were good and sturdy and the peephole had quite a wide range of vision.Next time, I think I'll upgrade to the mini-suite so I have a slightly larger shower. I'm used to a big jetted tub at home, so the narrower tub was a little awkward at first. The bathroom was spotless and very nice in spite of that. I even tested the hairdryer and iron, and both were good quality.Did I mention a next time? Next time I need some desert solitude in a friendly town, I will head right back to the Falcon Ridge. My only real complaint was the constant wind, but that's what you get for staying at a hotel on a ridge!I have already recommended Falcon Ridge to my friends and family, and will continue to do so. I had a lovely time; it was the perfect place to unwind after a very busy and stressful final semester.	
May 7 2006	nice place to stay	We stayed at Falcon Ridge for 2 nights on a golf trip in Mesquite. Overall, we were happy with the location, cleanliness and the fact that it was not a casino. The rooms were very comfortable and the windows opened, which is important to us. We like fresh air. The free breakfast was better than most hotels I've seen and they had a good selection of fresh fruit and other items that were quite tasty. The coffee was even pretty good, although I was disappointed that they did not have real half and half cream. This hotel is also dog friendly and my dogs were quite happy there. Overall, I really enjoyed our visit and would stay at the Falcon Ridge again. The employees are friendly, although the front desk people could use some training. They seem distracted and fail to tell you anything about the hotel. They do charge you $5.00 if you lose the room key and I was not told that upon check in.	
Apr 17 2006	Pleasant stop overlooking Mesquite	We stayed here in April 2006 just because Mesquite was a convenient place to stop before continuing on. The 4th floor room had a very high ceiling that made it seem larger than it was. The room was very comfortable and clean. The complimentary breakfast was mediocre, partly because the staff had a hard time re-filling trays, etc., and could not keep up with the demand. The pool is very small. Otherwise, this is a nice inexpensive choice away from the casinos, and yet an easy drive to the center of town or to the highway. Quiet and restful.	
Mar 25 2006	Best Choice in Mesquite NV	Spent one night in mid-March 2006 at Falcon Ridge Hotel. I was in the area house hunting and need a clean hotel. This hotel is renovated and was clean. Lobby is as the other reviewer's pictures indicate. Rooms were average size and I would rate this hotel as good as the national chain's Hampton Inns &amp; Courtyard. Breakfast was complete with hot foods, but do not expect the chef waiting to cook your eggs. It was prepared and in warming trays. Check in and out was simple. Other family memebers have made several house hunting trips to Mesquite, but stayed in the local casino hotels. They described the casino hotels as worn and old. So the non-smoking standard room at Falcon Ridge was very acceptable. Would stay again if I don't buy a home first!	
Nov 2 2005	Beware! Amenities listed don't exist 	Falcon Ridge Hotel's website boasts the following amenities:* Pool and Spa (to open July 2005) ACTUAL: Pool and Spa not completed, and no sign they will be completed anytime soon.* Free high speed internet access  ACTUAL: Outlet in room labeled as high speed internet. No Ethernet cable supplied by hotel. Used my own Ethernet cable to connect only to find a live network connection, but no internet. Contacted front desk clerk who said he knew nothing about it. Asked clerk if there was someone he could ask about it, he said &quot;No&quot; and told us our only recourse was to fill out the hotel comment card.* Full breakfast with eggs the way you like them, and cooked to order Belgian waffles. ACTUAL: You'd better like your eggs as a scrambled, hard-cooked disc, because there is no one there cooking them. All you get are pre-cooked eggs that look like something you would find on an oversized egg sandwich, nothing more. And the &quot;cooked to order Belgian waffles&quot; are, in actuality, previously frozen waffles in a sterno-heated container next to the egg discs.The room was not well insulated. We could hear people above us running back and forth constantly.A false fire alarm went off at 8:15 Saturday morning, and no one on staff at the hotel had the resources or knowledge required to turn it off. They had to wait until someone with appropriate training or access to the alarm arrived.With the falsely advertised amenities and untrained, rude and unhelpful hotel staff, I would only recommend this place if you are looking for &quot;just a room&quot; in Mesquite and nothing more -- and that's only if you can't find accommodations elsewhere.	
Oct 30 2005	Grand	My family stayed at The Falcon Ridge Hotel in Mesquite, Nevada and I have to tell you we will be regulars. One hour after we checked in we were treated as though we were the only guests in the building. The weekend was a full house, we were far from being the only guests. The front desk staff was very personal and professional. The free buffett breakfast was more than average and our family felt right at home. Once the pool is finished, The Falcon Ridge will be a 5 star 5 diamond in our books.	
Oct 24 2005	Best in Mesquite	Newest addition to Mesquite, this hotel far surpasses the other truck stop motels/casino dumps.Yes, Falcon Ridge has growing pains to overcome, but the rooms are very nicely decorated, new everything, granite countertops &amp; shower walls, marble floors. Hot breakfast included. And free internet in your room if you bring your laptop. There's also a public use computer next to the front desk in a small room, but it was not in service when we were there.Pool still was not done, but they let you use the Casablanca's pool. No prob for us as it's much nicer than the small walled in courtyard location at the FR.Location is fine, just across I-15 from Oasis &amp; Casablanca (3 min. drive). New WalMart opening next door to hotel, plus lots of growth in Mesquite. Falcon Ridge Golf Course is across the street. It's VERY challenging, especially back 9. Plays uphill into the wind with lots of blind tee shots (can't see the green). It's only been open for a year, so still needs a little bit of time to grow in. If budget allows, definitely play Wolf Creek...best in town.	
Sep 30 2005	Falcon Ridge almost ready for Prime Time	We are here for three nights. Rooms, building, grounds are in crispy - good shape; clean as a pin. Staff needs work. There are folks hiding in a little office behind the front desk who need to get out and earn some money. Everyone who is working is a bit overwhelmed by not getting the right signals from management. E.g; we watched the breakfast buffet workers get hopelessly overrun when an entire football team hit the line at once, each kid taking a month's worth of groceries. Maid spent all day cleaning vacated rooms, visiting the only still-occupied room last. Managers look at who's in the house and figure this stuff out for their staff before it becomes a problem. BTW, pool is still not finished. I suspect a defunct contract.	
Sep 28 2005	Great hotel cranky service	I was nothing but pleased with the hotel. The showers were a bit small but we managed. The room was great, the hotel was new, quiet and classy. But it was far away from the rest of the city, def. not within walking distance to anything. The staff was less than impressive. The girl checking us in seemed put out over the entire process and when I asked about the pool she said that there was a crack in it and they were working on repairing it. Then I asked about the hot tub since that was all we were interested in and she said that was broken too. Finally she suggested that we could use another casinos hot tub but wasnt sure if they were open.. . .. after we stared at her for a moment we asked if she could check. They were, but we had to take our own towels and upon returning we called down for some more towels since ours were all wet and she seemed really annoyed over that. Overall, the hotel was nice, breakfast was .. limited, and the staff wasnt super friendly. If stuck in mesquite again I'll stay at falcon ridge again.	
Sep 18 2005	Clean and new	We chose to stay here instead of a hotel/casino based on Trip Advisor reviews and, because it is so new, it was bound to be cleaner. We're glad we did, but it certainly isn't perfect.We ordered a &quot;king suite with a golf course view&quot;. We were put in a large first floor suite with a mirrored jacuzzi (in the living room!) and wet bar. However, the &quot;view&quot; was of a big dirt hill. No golf course in sight.All the rooms seem to have balconies, but none has furniture on which to sit.When I made the reservations, I was told the pool w/b open by Labor Day. We arrived Sept 16 only to find that the pool wasn't finished. We were, however, able to use the pool at the Casablanca - which was great.We spent $179/night -- which is A LOT in Mesquite -- but had no coffee mugs, glasses, or wine glasses. Instead, we had been provided with individually wrapped styrofoam and plastic cups. When I went to the front desk to see if I could have some glass glasses, the manager informed me that people steal them. She did lend me four but made me promise to return them. Not exactly the way I'd treat guests in my most expensive room. Suggest they charge $185/night and, if the coffee mugs and glasses get stolen, the cost has already been recovered.No robes, no turn down service, no shower caps. Ten dollar key deposit.Complimentary breakfast was adequate. Apple juice was WAY watered down. No orange juice at all the 2nd morning. Not sure what the red pitcher was -- KoolAid? I took some thinking it might be cranberry juice, but.... Bacon was very greasy; should have been cooked more. Only one milk; no choice of low-fat or skim.The shower is terribly narrow and the curtain hung too close. They should go with the bowed/curved shower rods. The toilet seat was loose. One of the lamps didn't work. The windows need to be cleaned. The mirrors over the jacuzzi were smeared.Check-out was slow. The desk clerk made a comment about the manager that was inappropriate. When I told her that we had left the 4 borrowed glasses in the room, she too said that guests steal glasses and &quot;you wouldn't believe what all they steal&quot;.They clearly have not identified their target demographic/market. Once they do that, gain some experience, develop some additional professionalism, and work out the bugs, they'll be fine. It's a great location, well lit, clean and the staff really want to please.Husband just read this and said that, in his opinion, service must improve tremendously because he didn't feel he got enough &quot;bang for his buck&quot; considering the low cost of hotel rooms in Mesquite.	
Aug 29 2005	Nice Hotel Nice Staff Nice Price!		
Aug 25 2005	A few Quirks But a Very Nice Stop in Mesquite		
Jul 21 2005	Great Place		
Jul 18 2005	A real surprise		
Jun 26 2005	Nice alternative to the casinos!		
Jun 23 2005 	Hurry before the prices go up!		
Jun 14 2005	great hotel		
Jun 12 2005	Nice new hotel. No pool yet!		
Jun 3 2005	THIS PLACE IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!		
May 18 2005 	Brand New Hotel		
Jun 23 2008	ganz nett		
Nov 2 2006 	Schöne Aussichten für Hotelbesucher		
