	Leaving Las Vegas. Better options down town.	If my wife leaves me, I found the hotel that I will stay at to renact the movie &quot;Leaving Las Vegas&quot;. This used to be one of my favorite places downtown, but in the 4 years since I have been here last it has gone downhill. It seems like the owners are contemplating selliing the land or tearing it down, because they have stripped alot of the unique features of the place away. I noticed the same thing at it's sister property, The Plaza. The rooms were dirt cheap, but they are all cheap downtown. I have stayed at all of the downtown properties(freemont street) over the years, this was the worst. The rooms are dated and dirty. The back area of this casino as been converted into a makeshift R&amp;B Club. No sports book anymore or semi-famous restaraunt on the second floor. They have an asian themed restaurant and a coffee bar, that's it. There are better choices on fremont street. As for Fremont street itself, the free entertainment offered during this stay was the best that I have seen down here.	
Nov 13 2009 	The price is right if you're on a budget	We only stayed here one night because everything was higher on Saturday, and this was the cheapest room for that night ($69 for North tower deluxe).We were the only ones checking in at 1 am, they gave us a $20 free slot play for joining the player's club, but after waiting 40 minutes in line with only 5 people ahead of us, we decided not to join the club. From the lobby, we had to walk through a bar PACKED with people because there was a concert going on. There is no other way through so we had to go through these hundreds of people to get to the elevator.The room was actually very large and of course as everyone said, it was dirty, even for the north tower rooms. but, I expected it after reading the reviews and we weren't planning to stay there for more than a few hours at most. I feel we got a good deal for the money, but I wouldn't stay in that hotel unless I absolutely had no other choice. In this case, the hotel we had booked at charged $169 for that Saturday and I could have booked a standard room at the Vegas Club for $49 for the same day but upgraded to the deluxe.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great for the price	Spent 2 nights. room was clean, water hot, and bed comfortable - what more can you ask for when all you need to do is put your head down for a while, and a place to change and shower. Had never stayed on Freemont Street before. It was great - watched the music show, street painters expertise with spray paint cans was amazing and there was a band playing on a stage down the enclosed street. Food prices at nearby Buffet was excellent.I would stay there again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Avoid the South Tower rooms	Some budget downtown hotels are better than others, and this place is one that the others are better than...I booked a room in the North Tower (not knowing anything other than the North Tower was newer than the South Tower), but after waiting an hour to check in (only 4 people ahead of me - no idea why it took so long) they said only South Tower rooms were left. I hadn't stayed here before, so I said it was fine. The room was among the shabbiest I have ever stayed in. It was really pretty beat and beyond needing an overhaul. However, for the price you really can't expect much, and if all you need is a place to sleep and keep your stuff, then it might be OK for you. But I have paid similar rates at Binion's and The Fitz and gotten much nicer rooms. And I'm sure the North Tower rooms are much nicer - I certainly hope so. The room was pretty large, though - much larger than others in the downtown budget hotels. I just wish these downtown places would put a mini-fridge in the rooms - there's more than ample space - my room with a king bed could have easily fit a second king bed and it would still have been very spacious. The hotel has free parking for guests and gamblers alike - during my stay there was never a parking ticket to retrieve nor anyone taking money, so it's very popular for parking since apparently anyone can park there and never pay - - which means self-parking is nearly impossible on weekends - use the free valet instead, or plan on circling around the ramp for a while.I also stayed at The Fitz (Fitzgerald's) during the same vacation and even though their elevators are STILL incredibly slow, I recommend them if the rates are similar - they are comparable in price and ameneties but The Fitz is nicer. Same for Binion's. Sometimes their rates can be strangely high - I have seen them priced higher than the Hilton, The Stratosphere etc, and not really sure why...I always stay downtown these days so end up picking the cheapest place on Fremont - this time I wish I'd opted for Binion's or The Fitz instead of trying a new place. PS: There is a charge for WiFi in your room, but you can get a free signal in the lobby.	
Oct 29 2009 	Never ever again!!!	Have not stayed downtown Vegas before and thought we would try the Vegas Club. Had read the reviews and hoped for the best but it was even worse than I thought it would be-you really do get what you pay for. Booked a North Tower deluxe room and if that is what we got, I would hate to see the rest of their rooms. We were given Rm. 518 and it was disgusting-filthy, dirty, stained carpeting, lots of hair and mold in the bathroom, bedspreads new maybe 20 years ago, cigarette burns in the carpet, corners hadn't been vacuumed for a long time and it reeked of cigarette smoke. Other people on our floor were loudly partying until at least 5 a.m. so we didn't get much sleep. We couldn't walk around without shoes on and certainly didn't consider putting clothes in the closet or drawers. Went down to ask for a different room and were told we would have to wait until the next day if there was one available. Front desk staff was very unfriendly and couldn't have cared less about our concerns. We left right away the next morning (even though we had pre-paid for the room for another 3 days) and went to the Golden Nugget which was wonderful. We will never stay here again and will tell everyone we possibly can not to stay here either!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Glad we stayed here!	We paid $48 on a Saturday night and the room was fine. Carpet was indeed, dirty but we just wore socks. Bed was comfortable and clean. Bathroom was newly remodeled and clean. Room was large. Can't beat it for the price and the location. Will stay there again for sure.	
Oct 2 2009 	Good value	I read all the reviews on Trip advisor, and I reserved a room in the North Tower. I was not disappointed. The room was huge. It had everything all the others offer, including a refrigerator. It even had a separate vanity in the bedroom area for the ladies.The bedding was o.k...nothing fancy but clean. We slept fine. I asked for a view of fremont street and I got it....obstructed a little, but still could see what was going on.The only thing that I would complain about was the carpet..it was DIRTy....we just made sure we kept our socks or shoes on. The bathroom was clean...the caulking around the tub, a little broken up..but nothing serious. The casino was pretty empty...Pretty sad to see the whole Vegas area going down hill. ALL the casinos on Fremont street were TIGHT....usually you can do o.k. down there. Not this time. After $100 down the drain...fast...we just quit gambling.I've paid $50 - $60 a night in a chain motel, and didn't get the value that this room gave. One night was just fine.	
Oct 2 2009 	good for a place to shower and sleep	Our room originally was supposed to be in the south tower, but we asked if we could be in the north tower, and no problem. Our room was clean, (although the carpets were old in the room) housekeeping came everyday and cleaned out room, made our beds and brought clean towels, complimentary soap, lotion etc. We had a very enjoyable stay, the staff was great, our first night the bathroom sink was slow, the next morning my husband told the front desk and someone went in and took care of it right away. The pillows on the bed are really deflated, but we asked for extra pillow and we were okay. Enjoyed the music group that was playing on the weekend in the Vegas club, great entertainment on the Freemont Street as well. We thoroughly enjoyed staying on Fremont street, there was always something going on, walk from casino to casino, loads of fun. We will stay there again if we get a great deal in price like we did this time.	
Sep 22 2009 	Dirty 	I was very disappointing with my room. I booked on the North Tower only because I was told it was newer and paid extra for it. I have to tell you it was NOT new at all and I would hate to see what the South Tower looks like. The carpet was dirty even to the edges of the carpet along the corners were so dirty, the beds sheets were old and the comforter was torned, I had to remake my own bed and I tripped over the bed frame that was sticking out so my husband had to fix it. The up keeping of these rooms are so poor and the Lobby area it so ugly looking, there is not even a real place for business center for computer use other then just the corner of the lobby area. Front desk staff are nice and friendly but there were times that I called and there was no answer.	
Aug 20 2009 	Downtown kicks the strip's ***!	First off let me say if you are going to Las Vegas to spend all of your time in the room then don't stay in the old hotels downtown. That being said, if you are going to Vegas to experience Las Vegas and the surrounding attractions then you can shower and sleep at the Las Vegas Club and have a hell of a time. No the room is not 5 star but you can get clean and the beds were comfortable. The staff was very nice and we got a ton of comps. Also, there is nothing cooler than the Freemont Street Experience. You had better like it because you will hear it in your room until 2 in the morning. We stayed for an entire week and could not have been happier with the price. We paid less than $200 for the week and we were able to get right out and bounce from casino to casino nabbing cheap drinks and cheap food along the way. There are incredibly cheap shops with all kinds of goodies along the way. It was easy to get around after we figured out I-15 and how to avoid the strip. This hotel is not for honeymooners or rich fat cats but for a guy that was trying to take his daughter on a vacation and get the most for his money is was perfect. We will definitely be going back. Also, we had a first class meal at the restaurant located at the hotel, Tinoco's, and it was incredible. I had the best Chilean Sea Bass that I have ever had. This restaurant will measure up to any place you can eat in Vegas as far as strictly the cuisine.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great price sufficient lodging poor bathroom maintenance...	For a total of $45 after taxes and fees I cannot complain about expecting too much in terms of luxury for such a low amount of money, however, upon my stay at the Vegas Hotel &amp; Casino, I must say that my stay would have been superb had I not had so much trouble with the bathroom at this hotel. Unfortunately, since this hotel has been standing for so long, maintenance doesn't seem to be it's top priority when it comes to plumbing. I had the misfortune of staying in a room whose plumbing was below standard. While the shower may have been 'clean' to say the least, being surrounded by the very water and dirt you've washed off your body because the shower takes 30 minutes to drain is extremely sickening. So sickening that I almost went on a shower strike so that I wouldn't have to stand in a tub filled with filthy shower water. I even went as far as requesting a repair man to come to the room with Draino to unclog the pipes -- and while he did show up and put some chemicals down the drain, it was done in vain since it didn't help the problem at all. Outside of the shower misfortune, my stay at this hotel was pleasant. The beds were comfy, parking was free, and my room did NOT reek of cigarette smoke. Also, despite staying right above the Freemont Street Experience, I didn't have problems going to sleep at night due to the crowd of people. If this hotel would fix their plumbing problems I'm sure they would've gotten 3.5 stars from me.	
Aug 4 2009 	Never Again	My husband and I come to Vegas every year for our anniversary. We usually stay at the Plaza but we wanted to try something different and since they are the sister to the Plaza we thought we would give it a try. Well, it was the worst trip in 10 years. The room itself wasn't bad until you opened the door (smile), the top of the dresser was pulled off. The linoleum was off and it looked like someone took it to the wrecking crew and told them to have a ball. The wallpaper in the bathroom was flapping in the wind, it was peeling off all the way to the floor. The bath tub would not drain and my husband had a fit each time we re-entered the room. We brought this to the attention of the front desk staff to no avail. She was of no help what so ever. She made us feel like we did not matter. I took pictures of the dresser top and the wallpaper, sent it to the corp office and have not received a call or compensation for the inconvience of the stay. I am getting ready to reserve our anniversary trip for this year and it won't be at the Vegas Club unless they offer a suite at no charge. (Won't happen)	
Jul 28 2009 	Not Bad for $33 weekend rate	Over all it's ok. All we needed was a place to sleep in for a night and this hotel served the purpose. If you are a picky and grudgy person, then this hotel may not be for you. Some issue we found were following:We wanted a non-smoking room but we got a smoking room, but a bit of smell was ok with us. We opened the windows. The carpet in one corner of the room was wet, I don't now why. The A/C was a bit too cold.There were No Bugs or insects. The bottom line is I had a good night sleep and good shower and that's all I needed.	
Jul 23 2009 	the worse hotel experience ever	the rooms were filthy, the carpet full of stains,the rooms smells like sewage and smoke,the furnitures were old, dirty and really shabby(you don't even want to touch the furnitures for fear of health hazard), the sink were clogged, the commode were clogged.there was only one elevator working for the South tower. the hotel appeared to be from horror movies,the hallways dim and scary. The staff were VERY VERY RUDE from housekeeping to the Receptionist at the desk.Nobody to help carry your luggage nor was there any cart to use to bring your luggage to ypur rooms. THE WORSE HOTEL WE'VE EVER BEEN TO..... IT ALMOST RUINED OUR VACATION.	
Jul 23 2009 	Service with a smile. The rooms in the two towers are totally different.	The rooms in the two towers are totally different. The north tower opened in 1996 and has huge rooms. If you get a suite on 15 - they are larger than many apartments and have floor to ceiling windows. Most have hot tubs right in the bedroom. Great place to stay for New Year's Eve if you get the side facing the Strip.The south tower has been around forever. The rooms are decent but not as large as the north - and much more out of date in style. They are a fine option for the price though, and the location is great if you like the circus atmosphere of downtown at night when the overhead light show is going and live bands play on weekends.We are &quot;regulars&quot; as you can tell - I stayed here in June, chose to stay here for my birthday in July - and will go back again in Aug. because it just feels like home. The staff is so friendly, the casino odds are way better than on the Strip - and though I miss the Great Moments Room, Tinoco's serves good food with good service. You can use the large pool across the street at their sister property, The Plaza.This place is well worth a try if you don't need the luxury of the Strip and just want to have a good time. They have just booked a fantastic R &amp; B group for weekends and the place is packed so come on down to downtown old style Vegas!	
Jul 19 2009 	All around bad. Very dirty rooms. Not taken care of.	Id never stay here again. My room was dirty. The mattress was worn out, it sagged in the parts where people lay. I found stains all over the carpet and even the towels. I found hair in the shower. Lamps didnt work. Most of the buttons on the elevator didnt light up so you couldnt tell your going to the right floor. The straw that broke the camels back was when I went to cash in my players club card they said it had nothing on it!!! I dont ever really use a players card but I figured since this wasnt a high end casino I could get a lot. I dropped at least $1000 on the card. They said &quot; well maybe you had it next to a cell phone and it got erased , sorry we cant do anything&quot; Please who doesn't keep cards with a magnetic strip near a cell phone anymore.	
Jun 29 2009	Good Lowntown Las Vegas Option	It's cheap, it isn't fancy, but if you want a decent hotel room in Downtown Vegas for a great rate, this is a solid Choice. We had a room in the north tower, it was large, clean and very basic. Had no problems whatsoever, and the location is a perfect jumping off point for a night in Downtown Las Vegas. If you want fancy, don't bother, but if you want a decent room at a reasonable price, this is a good option.	
Jun 20 2009 	well pleased and suprised good atmosphere and staff	we stayed here from 02 june for six nights and again from the 12th till 16th june.great value , stayed in south tower room was spacious and clean every thing worked , maid service was very good.no noise from any other adjoining rooms.staff were polite and good humoured with a very relaxed feel about the place,didnt gamble much relly but the casino seemed quite good not too much in your face and with no pressure to gamble.when we checked out after our first stay we were so pleased with our room we asked if when we returned in 4 days we could have our same room back which the staff duly arranged with no problem.car parking was not a problem even at the busy weekend they did have signs up that the parking was for residents only.also the parking is free providing you exchange your $5 parking ticket within 24 hours for a refund at the casino cage in cash.you can then pay again when you re park with your $5 you can come and go with the one ticket for 24 hours before you cash in and start again.the lady on the parking kiosk was very smiley and helpful.tinokos restaurant was very good for breakfasts with good friendly staff and food and good value.my wife lost her ankle bracelet somewhere outside in the street or so we thought.only for it to turn up on the bedside drawers having been found by the maid presumably in the bed (honesty) !some of the other reviews tell a different story but we can only tell it as we found it .very pleased with all aspects of our stay and sorry to say no gripes.would recomend this hotel also if you are english then get used to most of the staff thinking you are australian,good fun.	
May 28 2009 	Time warp to the 70s!	Make sure you rent a car because Fremont street is extremely boring during the day. It's a whole different experience than the strip. It's like little circus-y area. Very dated but can be fun in it's own way. The room that we had at the vegas club was HUMUNGOUS, clean, and the staff was friendly. We were in the South tower, room 511. They were quick to give us extra pillows, towels, etc. This is *important*-- If you like to sleep in, make sure to put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door. The hispanic monolingual housekeepers are RELENTLESS and will knock until you yell at them to go away. I think that the hotel was good enough for the price. The hotel never seemed like too many people were staying there but the entire parking garage was full all the time. There was no pool, which sucked, but Vegas is about gambling, drinking, shows, and food. Stay at the Vegas club and rent a car....drive to NY NY or Cesars and park in the garages!! Fremont is scary if you aren't directly on the fremont experience covered street, don't stray too far. Vegas club is right in the action on Fremont so night time is fun. Moral of the story: Stay at Vegas Club, rent a car, experience one night on Fremont, but spend the majority of your time on the strip. Fremont is a time warp and you'll feel like your in the twilight zone if your there too long.	
May 19 2009 	Great Stay over my birthday	My fiance and I stayed at the Vegas Club for my birthday in December. The staff was INCREDIBLE! Super friendly and accomodating. We upgraded to a suite, and it was an amazing room with a four poster bed, big screen TV in the living room, wet bar, and a fold out bed. We didn't need the extra bed, but it was defintely worth the upgrade. This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. It's not the Wynn or the Bellagio, but if you want to stay where the people are truly friendly and stretch your dollar, this is the THE BEST place in Vegas. We have returned to eat at Tinoco's, the new restaurant, and the food there is to die for!	
Apr 24 2009 	UWMutt	I used to be a regular at the Vegas Club beginning in the early 1990's. At one time, they had a great sportsbook where I would bet and watch football. Sadly, the sportsbook operation is no longer there. The hotel has been going downhill ever since. My current gripes: 1) Parking - They used to have a parking attendant who limited the use of the covered parking to hotel guests only during the holidays and busy weekends. They don't do this anymore. So now, any non-hotel guest can park in the covered parking garage and you might find yourself driving around and around looking for a parking space. One time, I had to park at the Main Street outdoor parking lot and had to walk to the Vegas Club. 2) Ice Machines - They only have two or three ice machines located on a few floors. I don't know why that is so. Maybe it is to cut maintenance costs. So, if you stay at this hotel during a hot summer month, you will be going on a hunting expedition looking for an ice machine...just to discover that all of the ice have already been taken. Overall, the Vegas Club is a good value for the budget minded visitor because the hotel is located on Fremont Street. However, there are better places to stay. I, for one, will no longer stay there.	
Apr 12 2009 	Good Experience	We stayed at the Vegas Club and found it very nice. The room was clean and looked recently remodeled. Nice view from the window. The restaurant &quot;Tinocos&quot; served good food and nice portion sizes. All of the staff was very friendly and courteous. The casino is clean and the slots seemed fairly loose. We would definitely saty there again if we go down to fremont street. Fun Place!!	
Apr 5 2009 	Do not stay at the Las Vegas club	The absolute worst place we have ever stayed in downtown Las Vegas.We have stayed at the Cal, the Fremont and the El Cortez. Filthy rugs, dust and who what else under the window mounted ac/heat unit. Our room was in the South tower no. 810. Bedding was clean but I would not walk in bare feet in that room. the hallway rugs were cleaner than our room carpet. Only one elevator to serve 16 floors, the other was down for repair. Huge bottlenecks at peak times caused by this. People were getting on at the third floor and go up to ensure they would have a place in the elevator when it went down as it would fill before it reached the third again on the way down. I cannot understand why if there is such a thing as a downtown business bureau or a BBB they would let an establishment like this continue to rent rooms. The image of downtown, Fremont Street, is at risk as is and this type of business further tarnishes that image. I do not understand the 2 reviews I read that recommend this place. We are ordinary people expecting a return value for our dollars. If we had been able to secure alternate accomodation during this busy weekend we would surely have done so. Even the critique form I asked for at the desk was used paper from the printer with one blank side left to write on and be put into the critique box. If a first time vistor to Las Vegas had stayed here I am sure they would never consider another downtown stay and stay only on the strip.	
Mar 5 2009 	Awful	Dirty,Dirty,Dirty.Stains everywhere, not sure what they were and I dont think I want to know. I would stay here if it were free.	
Dec 27 2008 	A little better than I expected..	My husband and I booked our trip far in advance, several of our friends from other states decided to join us as time drew near. The purpose of our trip was to explore Vegas and only use our room for sleeping. Last time we went we stayed on the Strip at one of the more expensive hotels and swore we'd never waste that kind of money again.I did a little research on the Fremont St Hotels and we decided on the Club because of a few of the perks that came with our package. I went in with my expectations very low, as long as it was a clean bathroom and clean sheets I didn't expect much more. We stayed in the North Tower and a couple of our friends stayed in the South Tower. I HIGHLY recommend the North Tower.Our room was considerably larger than theirs and we didn't have ANY problems at all with our room. They carpet was a little worn but it wasn't dirty. We didn't have any problems with our bathtub drains or hot water either, as alot of other reviews on this site have stated.Our friends room on the other hand had carpet with ALOT of stains and felt abit crunchy under your foot **none of us were brave enough to take our shoes off after the first time** they had trouble with their hot water, but the maintenance staff was quick to respond to the service call. On the 3rd night of their stay their heater developed a very loud squeak, when they called the front desk for help, the maintenance man came right up and looked at it. He told them it would take several hours of work and if they'd like he can have the front desk see if there was another room available. They ended up moving into the North Tower at no extra charge.The rooms do not come with a coffee pot but I called down to the front desk to see if we could get one and was even willing to pay a little extra. We had one brought to our room in less than 20 minutes of the inquiry and there was no extra charge.We had a WONDERFUL experience with all the hotel and casino staff. They were very prompt to our calls and extremely friendly.The Great Moments Cafe has a wonderful menu and the prices are very reasonable. I wasn't overly thrilled with the buffet at their sister hotel **the Plaza** but it was convenient and the price was very fair.I will definitely stay here again and unless the Strip hotels drop their prices I won't over pay for a room I'm hardly in again. Fremont St will be our choice everytime. IT'S A GREAT PARTY!!!!	
Nov 20 2008 	The third time there	We stayed there the third time, so I think we must love this Downtown hotel.We were 2 nights in Downtown and we chose the Vegas Club again (North tower).I like it, because the rooms are very large and there is enough space for our luggage. We had 2 very comfortable King Size beds; the room had a table, chairs, a TV, even a fridge (great, we bought our drinks/water/oj at ABC) and everything you need. The bathroom was a little bit small, the sink is outside. The staff at the bell desk was very friendly, also at the front desk. The location is awesome, you step out of the hotel and you are in the middle of the action.Of course you hear the Fremont Street Experience, but at the time of the shows we weren´t in our room. We liked to be in the center of Fremont Street. There is no pool at the Vegas Club but we used the pool of the Plaza just to relax an hour or two.In the evening it was great when the lights went on. I always watched it from our window before we went out. The view was great, we even saw a little piece of the Excalibur. We were on the 15th floor. The casino is okay, there is a nice bar in the casino where you can get cheap drinks.The Vegas Club don’t have a large variety of restaurants, but you are in the center, so I am sure everyone find his or her favorite food. I would definitely stay there a forth time	
Nov 16 2008 	Lots of Fun You get what you pay for	The room was only $18 a night so didn't expect much. We did some research and got a 100$ off our rate ( half price) for a week stay! The room was pretty gross ( one of the south tower rooms)... the carpet was all stained ( keep your socks on) and the corners of the rooms looked as though they had never been vacuumed. ever... the room was just old anyways so the bathroom shower surround was unsightly and the caulking was gross with mildew staining... I guess we could have asked to be moved but didn't... maybe a little passive but we only really used the room for the brief time we slept and the bedding was perfectly clean. On the good side! The casino was small and drinks plentiful, just our style. The hotel staff were nice and the buffet we were comped for several times was decent. We really like the downtown fremont atmosphere and the cheap room sort of helped increase our gambling and entertainment budget so we were really able to do whatever we wanted while in vegas...	
Nov 9 2008 	YUK.	Most disgusting place I have ever stayed. Rooms were flithy, tiolet paper stuck to the walls. Sinks that didn't drain. Carpet made your feet turn black. I have stayed here many times in the past but will never do so again. They just don't care about cleaning these rooms. This hotel needs a complete scrub down and makeover. The price does not compare to the complete disgust of the place. Do not stay here.	
Nov 7 2008 	DISCUSTING!!	First of all.let me say I'm not too fussy...as long as I have somewhere to sleep and running water,but this place was without a doubt the most discusting place I've ever stayed.My Niece and her husband booked ,and not too much was available.my room in the South tower,room 803...had chipped paint on all the dressers,caved in lamp shades,had to phone the front desk numerous times to find out what time it was,as the plug kept falling out of the wall on the 300 year old clock radio,and the 6 TV channels didn't have the time on any of them.The first morning there,my niece's husband had to come shower in my room as the water in the tub was full after my niece had her shower and would not drain.They had to go switch rooms,which meant some other poor sap was going to be getting there room.there was a bottle cap on the floor by the bed( not mine,I left it there) and it was still there when I left after 5 days and is probably still there.My first morning there,I noticed a pile of dirty dishes sitting outside one of the rooms,you guessed it,still there when I left after 5 days....the Icing on the cake...Our room was Pre-paid on my Nieces credit card,but when I got home and received my credit card bill,I was billed $112,for what ,I don't know as I'm still sitting here waiting for the Hotel to return my call....Good luck to all who stay there and may you all have a better experience there than I did...I would rather sleep on a park bench,than stay there again	
Oct 23 2008 	Always choose a north tower room!	Booked room as package with airfare due to price...well you get what you pay for. Yuck. We had 12 people in our group and 8 of us checked out the next day. I had choosen to ask for an upgrade and was told the price would be $15 more per night, I flat out asked if I tipped $20 if I could get the upgrade and was told yes. I was the only one to receive upgrade and our room was on the 12th floor of the north tower. Standard room, a little larger than some, bathroom very small but clean. Bedding was acceptable and surprisingly comfortable. The elavators were death traps with only one working. I went and saw where the rest of our party was staying and the south tower rooms on the 7th floor are just plain nasty. Furniture falling apart, bathrooms from the 70's but not maintained. I know you are just going to sleep in them but I was questioning the cleanliness of the south tower rooms when someone found a dirty wash cloth in the tub and a pair of someone elses undies next to the bed.....That couple checked out that night and went to the Stratosphere. The casino layout was strange with a bunch of dead space where the sports book was and was kind of scary to walk back there with the odd types wandering about. I checked out the next day and went to Harrah's. The few that decided to stay were told that they had to check out a day early. Both couples provided their prepaid receipts and had to spend an hour clearing it up. The staff at the Vegas Club must be challenged in the reading department. If you don't mind that end of downtown and choose a North tower room, you might like the Vegas Club for its rate, I would spend a couple more bucks to feel safer and be able to deal with literate employees.	
Oct 3 2008 	Horrible	This was our fourth time at the Vegas Club. Our previous four rooms have always been decent ones. Of course it's not the four seasons, but it was clean. Now our room was disgusting! The bathroom was molded top to floor, the carpet was stained, the dresser was filthy. On the bathroom floor, there was some hair from previous visitors... which was there for the entire week!!! So far for maid service. We didn't got any soap either, we had to by some at Walgreens. We did gave the maid a nice tip the first couple of days, but since she didn't earn it, we gave her less at the end of our stay. We've been in many different places this trip, got from Indianapolis to Chicago, went on old route 66 to Vegas. On our way to Vegas we slept in places like Hilton and small roadside motels, but this was the most terrible experience on our entire trip! We come to Vegas every year en will never ever stay here again. Next time we will pay a little more to avoid beeing bitten by bedbugs!!	
Sep 30 2008 	ABORT! ABORT!	Stayed Sept 26-29, 2008. Room 507. First off, let me say that I don't mind &quot;roughing it&quot; to save a few bucks and I've stayed in all sorts of places from Luxury to Hostel. This place is GROSS! The carpets were disgusting, mold in the shower, plumbing that backed up (even when not using the shower, it would randomly fill up with water). Dresser falling apart. Lamps missing lampshade.. but oh wait.... there's the lamp shade... made into a chandelier hanging from the ceiling light!!! I will never stay here again. Now granted, I didn't pay 1 penny for this place, it was free to me through a travel deal. Having said that - It was a place to sleep, that's all. I wasn't looking for and didn't need more than that, but if you are looking for something more, look elsewhere!!! If you are staying in the downtown/Fremont area of Las Vegas I suggest the Golden Nugget, that is a very nice place where I spent much time.	
Aug 19 2008 	Worst trip ever to Las Vegas	I've been staying at the Las Vegas Club for many years (10+) and stayed twice this year Feb. 2008 and Aug. 2008. Since the Plaza merger things have gone progressively downhill....i.e. 24 hour Diner closed, casino empty and customer service poor. The hotel is older but it's really showing it as of late. Feb visit was fairly uneventful - TV/remote issue, but my room a plasma TV and firm bed sofa coffe table and pull out plus a window that opened. The room right off the elevator behind ice machine on 6th, 7th 8th floor north tower - wish I'd made a mental note of the room number. My August 15th-17th trip was horrid. I noted upon arrival the desk clerk, Josefina, checked me into a south tower room, although, my reservation stated I was in a deluxe north tower room. Since she was the only person checking in guests at 315 pm (prime time) and the line was growing longer I decided to check out the room and not question the wrong tower etc. I walked in and out of South Tower room 704 in 4 seconds flat. It was worse than a 30 year old road side motel in any horror film - sagging bed, bad stench and formerly pink carpet with a stain path pattern from the door to the window. I walked back down and waiting 10 - 15 minutes in line to have Josefina tell me my reservation doesn't mention deluxe or north tower. Meanwhile there's a derelict checking in with 4 bell carts full of junk: bags, suitcases and boxes-overflowing. I wondered what room would accommodate him and all the stuff. The bellmen wore gloves and looked pretty unhappyd-check the tapes. Per a bellman, he'd been booted out of the Plaza and the Vegas club was now taking him in. But I digress - Thank god I've learned to print and bring all hotel/car/airlineconfirmations, after Josefina carefully read the page, took a call or 2 ( she was the only person checking in at prime check in time) and she re-keyed my cards, my room was changed. Next room looked better but what I couldt tell it was not the deluxe room either - room 1418 north tower had two very low beds, the tub filled to your knees during showers because per the maid - &quot;it's a old hotel and who ever intalled the plumbing error&quot;, and the toilet ran after you flushed unless you pulled the handle up. I've stayed at the Plaza many times as well and both hotels have gotten really bad. I went over to the Plaza pool on saturday and they played music and a bar was set up. But the DJ with 60-80% children playing in the pool included music with lyrics about P*ssy over and over and drop that thang B%tch. Several parents escorted children away from the pool and it was 2 in the afternoon. I will never stay at eaither of these properties again.	
Aug 13 2008 	I did not like it here	Decided to save a few dollars and booked a south tower room. Right before check in I thought maybe we could get an upgrade to a north tower roomUpon check in, asked the woman if we could get a free upgrade to the north tower. She said we were already booked in the north tower and wouldn't want to be changed to the south tower. The rooms were nicer in the north tower. She kept typing and said the north tower was full. Hmmmm...So our room was in the south tower.  The room was old. The carpet was stained, the bath and toilet didn't seem really clean. There were some tiles out of the tub. The corners of the room were very bad, need a good vacuuming.The sink itself seemed clean, it looked ok. It had a working hair dryer. The beds were awful. They were very hard and had some kind of vinyl cover under the sheets. The sheets were clean. At night it was very noisy. The sounds from the light show and the band playing were quite loud in the room. I didn't sleep very well. Thank goodness it was only one night. We did not eat here. We ate the prime rib dinner downstairs at Binions, which is good. As for staying here again? I find the whole place kind of creepy so probably not.	
Jul 14 2008 	Won't stay again	Stayed for a weekend with a couple friends. The hotel rooms are small and very old and worn and did not feel clean. We were on a middle floor and in the hall outside our rooms there was some large bug that had been squished on the carpet. It was there for the entire weekend? The casino is sparse. While the location is good, the few dollars that you save by staying here is not worth it. Not recomended.	
Jul 7 2008 	Needs a good scrub down	This is my second time staying at Las Vegas Club. I knew, based on my first experience, not to expect luxury but that it would be suitable for a 1-night stay. Both times I have stayed here I booked the North Tower Deluxe room which is more expensive than the South Tower. The room I received this time was certainly larger then my last room, however, this room was far dirtier with lots of old, dried stains on the carpet and a ratty, stained bedspread. I'd hate to see what the lowly South Tower rooms are like. I'm not much of a complainer and as long as there's a working bathroom, quiet air conditioning, and a bed free of insects I am fine. I just tossed the bedspread in the closet, which is something I normally do at any hotel, and wore my shoes most of the time in the room. The bed was not that comfortable, but good enough for one night's sleep. The very thin mattress pad they use between the mattress and the sheets made a crinkly noise - like it was a child's waterproof mattress cover for bed wetters. I had the same experience with an uncomfortable bed with my previous stay. I don't know that I'd stay there again, but I only paid $47 for a Saturday night so, again, I'm not going to complain too much. I had some good luck playing slots at their casino. They also have a little show stage set up in the back of the casino. On Fridays and Saturdays at 8pm and 10pm they have &quot;Sin City Circus&quot; perform. From what I gather, the talent changes week to week. This time it had a lovely drag queen hostess that had several fun wardrobe changes and fun being saucy with the crowd. There was a man who performed shadow puppets with his hands in front of a movie screen and did some neat things including facial profiles of Elvis, Frank Sinatra and a few others - all with his two hands. Very cool. There was a juggler who juggled various balls and bowling pins in a theatrical fashion with tumbling around the stage. And the best of them all was a very bendy man doing all sorts of gymnastic/acrobatic tricks and contortions.	
Jun 23 2008 	Clean and a great view... but tired	After staying a couple of times in the past at the Plaza Hotel across the street, I thought I'd do some recon on the Vegas Club as it is a favorite place for my wife and I to gamble. I booked, for two nights, a Deluxe Room with a king bed that found me in room 1426 with a terrific view of the city and the swimming pool of the California many stories below me. Quite honestly, with a little reinvestment this room would be about great, say $2k. I was quite happy with the spaciousness of the room, how quiet it was despite being right off the elevator, and to be able to have a small refrigerator and a 4-cup coffee pot (with pouches of coffee fit for a 12-cup pot!). What it could really use is new carpet, a new mattress, a clock with a working alarm, periodic cleaning of the window exterior, a sink plunger that worked, and some additional television channels that someone might actually care to watch. The shower, great for people 5'6&quot; on down, was fine. The room had a couple of chairs and a couch as well, and while these weren't exactly high end they were serviceable. I know, you get what you pay for and this is inexpensive. I would stay here again. What you pay for a deluxe or a suite here plus a nice dinner or two would pay for an average room on the strip, and you don't have quick access to lots of casinos as quickly as you do here. BTW, take in the Vegas Club's free shows on the weekends...they're pretty fun. Also, another reviewer took lots of room pictures and they influenced me to try Vegas Club. Do look at them, they'll give ya an idea of what to expect...although I didn't have the checkboard pattern tiles.	
Jun 19 2008 	Good Night at the LVC	I made a solo trip to LV and stayed for the first time at the LVC on Tuesday, June 10. I was on the 10th floor in the South Tower. The view was good. The room was clean though it could use some TLC. The shower and air-conditioner were fine. The check in was quick and the staff was friendly and helpful. The elevator was fine. The casino was not very busy but drink service was good. I really have no complaints--it was well worth the price. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Jun 18 2008 	Father's Day Weekend at the LV Club	I stayed at the Las Vegas Club June 12-15, 2008. My room was in the North Tower, 626. I've stayed at the LV Club numerous times and have always found the guest rooms to be clean. The decor is a bit tired....exactly the same as when the north tower was built in 1997 (I stayed there when it opened.) You can't beat the room rate and you get a nice clean room with a comfortable bed. The carpeting is circa 1997 and has a few cigarette burns (even though the sixth floor is &quot;nonsmoking.&quot; The carpet is stained also, but appeared to be clean. The bedspread is about about 10 shades lighter than the drapes due to washing over the years. The room was super cold....about 68 degrees when i checked in. I've always found the rooms to be a comfortable temperature, both winter and summer. The LV Club has a new &quot;Sin City Circus&quot; in the lobby that entertaining. It was free and several acrobats from Europe performed. The &quot;EMCEE&quot; was a grossly tall drag queen who camped it up with the audience. &quot;She&quot; was obviously a man, but had a nice &quot;womanly&quot; figure and was entertaining. I have no problem with gay people/drag queens, but some might find it offensive. But, after-all, it is Las Vegas! Lighten up!If you want a 4* hotel, don't stay at the LV Club. But, if you want a clean, reasonably priced room, I'd say give the LV Club a try. The South Tower rooms are DUMPS, so make sure you get a North Tower room at all costs! Enjoy!!!!	
Jun 18 2008	Not bad if you get a discount rate	Stayed here because of the discount rate through hotels.com. It is an older property right next to the Fremont Street experience. The elevators shudder when moving, stains in the toilet, clearly it has seen better days. But all in all, I consider it worth the money and would stay here again.	
May 30 2008 	better than expected	Stayed over the memorial Day w/e with a Sat. check in. Got our room quicker that we thought. South Tower 9th floor. Very clean and comfortable room. Was upgraded to a suite the final 2 nights on the 16 floor that was fantastic. The elevators are quick Staff very helpful. Will definitely stay again	
May 13 2008 	Got Lucky At Las Vegas Club	I am giving the Vegas Club such a high excellent because it really was great. We arrived on a Saturday on NASCAR weekend which I was terrifyied I was going to get a terrible room like the last they had available since there are only 400 odd rooms in this hotel. Well I did reserve a North Tower Room and when I checked in the room was not ready and we would have to wait so we loaded up ALOT of luggage for the bell men to hold then I decided to ask about the Suite Deals. She just happened to have the largest Suite in the entire hotel it took up 1/4 of the entire top floor of the hotel and had floor to ceiling windows throughout the suite. It was room 1519 in the north tower. Yes only two elevators worked but they got us up and down quickly enough not for it to be an issue. The place itself is super small and u cant get lost not long walks. We ate at the great moments cafe twice and the food was excellent. The french onion soup is to die for and the chicken pot pie was enormous and tastey as well. We indulged for the first itme in the Fried Twinkie which sounded gross but was incredibly delicious. Avoid the deep fried Oreo's not so good. Ok the Suite had 3 Huge Bathrooms a full size bar, giant big creen tv's in both bedroom and living room circle couch a dining area for 8 people a tub that fit 3 and a shower that fit like 15 people it was huge. High ceileings were great. The front desk was friendly and the housekeeping was great I prefer to have maids stay out of my room and sometimes they dont listen here they did and never bothered me, except in the halls to ask if they could give me more supplies which I gladly accepted with a generous tip. My roll away beds I needed for my Guy friends that stayed with me were delivered and put outside the room as I requested. I appriciated the attention to detail. Yes this place is not the newest and I have heard horror stories of the south tower, but its nice personal service that you don't get at the large casinos anymore. I am calling Elmer my favorite Casino host today and having him set me up for three more nights in a regular room in the end of May, so I will follow up to my great review. As far as winnings so far not a cent from this hotel and I was playing the $5 slots at $10 each spin. A little disappointing but I have faith the luck will be better next time. I am also staying a coupld nights at the golden nugget and I am eager to compare to this hotel. Ive stayed at Four Queens was ok not bad, Fitzgeralds YUCK rooms but love to gamble there have good luck, and Fremont which is the best so far on average rooms they are nice. I cant compare vegas club yet since I had the Super Suite and it was beautiful for old vegas and Ive stayed in suites at MGM almost all their suites including the terrace suites off the side of the builing. Palms playboy penthouse suites amazing, hard rock suites very nice, and even old school groovy suites at the Sahara. Vegas club was definetly one of my top 3 favorites. Enjoy the photos	
May 13 2008	Good Location	My mother and I stayed at the Vegas Club for 2 nights. I had booked a north tower deluxe room, and when I went to check in, there wasn't any available. We ended up with a north tower room and the front desk sent up a coffee pot and refrigerator. The room was very large and clean. There were 2 queen beds, a table with 2 chairs, iron, and hairdryer. There is a separate area for the sink, which is right next to the bathroom. The bathroom had a tub/shower. The only thing I didn't like was that to get to the elevator, you have to walk all the way through the casino and then it was dark, and not many people around. The casino played a lot of 70's and 80's music, which I liked, and the slots were pretty good. The staff was also very friendly. We ate at the cafe in the hotel and that was very good.	
May 8 2008 	Great place to stay on a budget	We stayed the last weekend in April 2008 and, being the finicky person I am about cleanliness, the Vegas Club outdid themselves in this area.It is an older property on the famous Fremont Street Experience, but our room was very clean and we had a great view of downtown Las Vegas. There was ample parking available, the room was spacious, the bed was comfortable and the seating area was a nice touch. It has individually controlled heat/air (unlike most places that have one big, huge window unit) and sufficient closet space for any traveler.The casino is small compared to some of the other big name properties (Binion's, Golden Nugget, etc.) but that's what makes it nice. It's not too crowded at any time and there's plenty of room to get around without being crowded in.Dining consists of a small restaurant, which had really good food at affordable prices, a small sports bar, an ice cream stand and the main casino bar.You're not too far from various dining and shopping venues and you're right at the start of the Freemont Street Experience.Overall, for the price paid, this is a nice place. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 8 2008 	Loved the Vegas Club!	Don't be fooled by some of the reviews on here. The Las Vegas Club Hotel &amp; Casino is really a nice place to stay when in Las Vegas. It's far enough from the Strip to be quiet but yet easily accessible by car or bus.Yes, it is an older property, but the room we stayed in (North Tower 1217) was verty spacious and clean and did not smell bad at all. Dining is limited to a small restaurant and a sports bar, but you're in walking distance of several buffets and restaurants at the Fremont Sreet Experience.I would definitely stay here again on my next visit to Las Vegas.	
Apr 30 2008	Las Vegas Club	Weekends in Vegas the strip hotels jack-up their rates so I thought I would save some money and stay in a downtown hotel. I found the Vegas Club hotel which had average ratings. The hotel is old and the rooms are like a Holiday Inn. The rooms are in fair shape and clean. It is not a great hotel but it is was clean and cheap for a Friday night. The lobby smells of smoke. They need to change out the carpet at the hotel. It would be a great investment for this hotel.Others I will consider in the future when staying on weekends is the Fremont Hotel and the Four Queens Hotel. These casinos seemed nicer than the Vegas Club casino.	
Apr 19 2008 	Nothing Special	The website is a bit difficult to navigate. The price for the weekend was really cheap, averaging about $50 a night after taxes for a double. I stayed in the North Tower. The room decor is roughly like any other motel in the same price range. Good Wi-Fi access, but it is through an outside company and is a bit pricey. The food in the restaurants is nothing exciting, but reasonably priced. The casino has the usual selection of games, notably with a single deck hand-dealt Blackjack.Parking is conveniently located, if there is a space open. I had to park at the sister property across the street on several occassions. Location is great for access being at the beginning of the Fremont Street Experience, a block off I-15, and also on Main Street so getting to the Strip (about three to four miles away) is simple.It's been a clean place to sleep, and for the price, a great value.	
Mar 31 2008 	North Tower Rooms are Great	After reading some reviews online here and elsewhere, we booked for (2) North Tower rooms in March 2008. Rates were great, $40 mid-week, the rooms and floors on the north tower had been renovated recently and the room were VERY SPACIOUS. Bed was ok, a little hard for my taste but the rest of the group liked them. Overall, our experience was good as we just cared about the room and not so much for the casino. The casino was kind slow and sparse, but thats to be expected in downtown Las Vegas mid-week. Overall, good value for a basic room. Would book there again.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Stay	The rooms are older but the location was excellent. The Greater Moment Cafe has great service and food. The casino staff was very friendly. Check in was a breeze. The only problem was one elevator was not working. Overall a great stay.	
Mar 24 2008 	Cheap way to stay	We stayed at this hotel casino located on the Fremont Street Experience for 3 weeknights at the end of February 2008. The room was $40/night. We were given an upgrade to the North Tower which we had read on travel websites had &quot;newer&quot;, &quot;bigger&quot; rooms. Our room was big, but it was very outdated (e.g., bed was uncomfortable, stains on couch/chairs, hole in upholstery on furniture). The plumbing was also less than desirable. We were on the 9th floor, and before every shower you had to run the water for 5 minutes before it would be warm. Then you had to turn off the tap and wait for the tub to drain (approx 2 mins) before you could begin your shower. By the end of a 10 minute shower there was a few inches of water in the bottom of the tub b/c the drain was very slow draining due to clogging. But we cannot deny how cheap it was - perhaps we got what we paid for. We ate at a great buffet across the street at the Vegas Club's sister hotel - The Plaza - but not once did we eat in our own hotel. The streets were clean and safe and nightly entertainment was plentiful. For $5 you can purchase a 24-hour bus pass for The Deuce to make your way to the &quot;new&quot; Strip on Las Vegas Blvd South, but the nightlife on Fremont St. was great as well.	
Mar 6 2008 	Love the location	Tried downtown Vegas one more time, decided to stay on Fremont Street, which was really cool. The hotel is on the corner which is great, its a really convenient location, close to everything. You can walk everywhere. Very friendly staff for the most part. There was one manager at the front desk that was rude, other than that, everyone was really nice. Had a few problems, had to switch rooms. One room had a leak in the toilet and the carpet was soaking wet and smelled like sewer. Asked for another room and when we got in there the a/c was broken and the room was over 100 degrees but the maintenance guy came right in and fixed it in less than 10 minutes. Uncomfortable beds, no ice in any of the machines except on one out of 16 floors. Restaurant is way too expensive, the casino is small, construction being done inside the casino the entire time. The parking garage was full each night and it took forever driving around to find a spot, one night we had to have valet watch our car because there was nowhere to park. The rooms are old, dirty floors, tiny bathrooms, barely working tv, wallpaper peeling off. But aside from the actual hotel being a little scummy, the location, staff and surroundings made up for it. I don't think I'd stay at this particular hotel again unless it was in the north tower, we stayed in south tower (the older, grosser one.)	
Mar 2 2008 	ok for the price	We stayed at Las Vegas Club from Feb 16 - feb 21st. We had free rooms for two of the nights. We always upgrade to the North tower rooms. Large rooms and quiet. They really need to be remodeled, new furniture, beds, and a safe but for the price oh well. They finally added a blow dryer, ironing board and iron and a radio clock. I love the casino but they have taken out most everything from the back except a few games and we encountered alot of homeless and some scary people. They even stole my husbands jacket one night. Security said that they could not afford to have any additional security back there to watch these people.............Over all for the price we will definately stay again. When we got home we had a free night offer in the mail already for June. Just dont expect a 3 star hotel.	
Feb 26 2008 	No complaints at Las Vegas Club	They say you get what you pay for, and it's true. For the price, we didn't expect new carpet and didn't get it. A bummer is no coffee maker! There is a stand that has pretzels and coffee accross from the gift shop. We stayed last weekend and were put in the North tower, which we didn't have to haggle or pay extra for. The room was very large, having a seating area past the bed, that has both a couch and 2 chair spread out by the window. We were on the 9th floor and had a view of most of the California Hotel and Casino and a bit of Main Street Station Hotel and Casino. The slots in the (Las) Vegas Club are as loose or as tight as the rest of Fremont street. Overall, we had no complaints about our stay.	
Feb 6 2008 	Ok..For the Money	We love Freemont Street so we decided to stay in a low priced Hotel. I cant say anything about the Casino as we went to Gamble on the Super Bowl(won big) and the Club no longer has a Sports Book. It was clean enough,but we paid extra for the North Tower,and when arriving that section had no Hot Water,so they gave us the South Tower,but did not refund the difference. The room was comfortable and clean enough. Its not Mandalay Bay,nor does it cost like it. With easy access to Freemont right out the front door,we elected to Gamble at the Plaza and Golden Nugget. It is what it is,cheap and old,but friendly and convientent.I would only stay here for the room,nothing else is updated we saw as far as Bars and Casino. I say its OK&gt;	
Feb 6 2008 	look at this before you book!!!!!	I've been to Vegas MANY times. This was the first time I stayed in downtown Vegas. I normally stay on the strip. I've stayed at Stratosphere, Caesar's Palace, Paris, Venetian. This time I stayed at Vegas Club because of my budget. I LOVED IT!! My room was clean, it was comfortable, it was conveinient to what I needed. Don't get me wrong... It's an old hotel and if you pay attention to stuff like that you'll notice it. Keeping that in mind, I knew I wasn't paying $450/night for the &quot;newness&quot; of the Venetian and I was absolutely delighted with my stay there.	
Jan 9 2008 	dirty but great price	musty hallways dirty carpet slow drains hard beds good location great price	
Jan 1 2008 	Bedbugs included Gratis!	We stayed at the Las Vegas Club during the the National Finals Rodeo in room 601 in the South tower, and we were eaten alive by bedbugs! The Las Vegas Club ignored us when we sought to warn them of the situation (we spent $200 to make sure our beddings and home weren;t subsequently infested-sorry no refunds!). So I contacted the Clark County Health Department. You guessed it, they found the room was infested and shut it down for fumigation. We should have known! We love a bargain, but the last time we stayed (in one of those upgraded rooms) there was no hot water in the North tower! This hotel is an atrocity, a black eye for Las Vegas.	
Nov 23 2007 	What a treat	I don't normally do this, but here goes.After booking this hotel for just over $30 a night through hotels.com i thought well we only sleep and get showered in the room so it will do. On arriving at the check in desk the assistant asked if we would like to upgrade to a suite for an extra $70 a night , thought about it for a second then my wife said &quot; how about doing it for $40&quot; Imagine the shock when the reply was &quot;ok just this once&quot;When we entered the room i couldn't belive the size of it. the place was like an apartment a 30x30ft living area, two bathrooms and a jaquzzi in the main bedroom. four floor to ceiling windows with a great view of the strip. All in all great value, and a really excelent room that had been recently refurbished. would recomend this place to anyone.	
Nov 7 2007 	Can't Beat the Location!	Stayed here November 4th for two nights. Although staying at The Vegas Club is certainly not a luxury experience, it's a decent bargain, especially considering price I paid of only $31.50 a night. Plus, you just can't beat the hotel's location, right on Fremont Street. It's also conveniently located right off the freeway. I did use the convenient Deuce Bus Line to visit the strip one night. The bus stops near the hotel and is very easy to use. It's a little slow and a lot crowded, but I was using it at peak time.Parking at the hotel is free and the parking garage elevator takes you right to the front desk. Check in was easy and the front desk agent was friendly enough. I arrived about one hour before their stated check-in time and she let me check-in early without any hassle.The room did smell like smoke...years and years of smoke...but it was a smoking room (room 711 in the South Tower) so what could I expect. It was just worse than I thought it would be. After opening the window and running the air for a little while, the smell got better.The bathtub drain was slow and did back up so I took pretty quick showers. The water pressure was excellent and the window in the shower is nice. For about ten minutes one day, the drain in the tub started making these really loud gurgling sounds. I kept expecting something to start shooting out, but it never did and the noise never returned. Part of the ceiling in the bathroom was drooping from what I suspect was water damage, but for $31.50 a night I expect there are going to be some maintenance issues. The t.v. remote didn't work, but I wasn't in Vegas to watch t.v. so it really didn't bother me so much. I just changed the t.v. manually when I needed to. The air conditioner worked well and being able to open the window was great. The bed and pillows were pretty good, definitely more comfortable than I expected after reading previous reviews. The room was overall in fair shape and the housekeeper who cleaned my room both days was friendly to me and did a good job cleaning the room. I stopped her in the hall and asked her if she could clean my room next because I really wanted to take a nap. She was very nice and cleaned the room right away. The room smelled much better after she had been in there. She must have sprayed it with something.If you're going to Las Vegas to see volcanoes and be pampered then this probably isn't the place for you because it's definitely aging. This hotel is for people who primarily want to gamble and need a safe place to sleep in a very convenient location.	
Nov 7 2007 	Great Hotel	After reading reviews decided to go ahead and book this hotel for 5 nights for myself, husband and teenage son. Cost was £38.00 a night for this 2 star hotel downtown on Freemont street. What a bargain! We had a deluxe room in the north tower which was very spacious and clean but a bit run down. Vegas Club is a no nonsense hotel. The check-in was quick and friendly. We used the receptions safety deposit box - this was well controlled and receptionists looked after us well. There was always hot water for showering or bathing. Room serviced daily. Fresh cleaning smelling towels replaced on a daily basis. Coffee making facilities with fridge in bedroom. Beds were quite comfortable with clean linen. We were in room 520 and had very little noise, but there was a smokey odour in room. Found the hotel to be in a safe area and well patrolled with security. More user friendly than the strip. Vegas Club affiliated to the Plaza hotel where you can use the pool and gym facilities and eat a $7.77 all day buffet. The live show at the Plaza 'Viva Las Vegas' is fablous and excellent value for money. The barman Harry at the Sportsbar in Vegas Club is wonderful. Worked the room and kept drinks flowing even when bar was packed. It was a pleasure to watch him work, very efficient and nothing too much trouble. We would definitely go back to this hotel again - what a place with wonderful staff!	
Oct 30 2007 	A Place to Sleep	The beds were lumpy, the drains were slow, but if you're just looking for a place to stay then this place will work.	
Oct 10 2007 	Aging but clean	We wanted to try downtown and since it was a weekend now was the time to try it. The room was clean but worn. I sat on the bed and thought this was going to be a terrible sleep, because I could tell the mattress was worn, turned out I got a great sleep. Easy parking, in room safe, quality shower pressure and quick elevators. I can not know this Hotel. Do not set high expectations, but instead be realistic when choosing an older property DT and you are fine. It was clean and that was my only expectation. It was easy access to all the DT hotels. I will be honest, DT is not our cup of tea but we are glad we at least gave it a try. We felt safe and comfortable.	
Sep 15 2007	Off the strip but not out of the action	The Las Vegas Club is in downtown Vegas NOT the strip, which was exactly what we were looking for. We arrived at 12:30am and I had called the reservation line after booking with a different website to let them know we would arrive late. We booked from Sept 4th to Sept. 12th.It was a decent place to put your head at the end of the night. We were interested in seeing where it all started (the real strip) and the Fremont Experience was more then we had hoped for.There were some smell zones in the hallway, but nothing rank, just a musty, desert smell.The staff were helpful and it is amazing what a small tip on adaily basis will get you from housekeeping.It's at the west end of the Fremont Street Strip and we were in the South towerwhich I understand isn't as new as the North tower. Except for the temperamental elevators, the only realissue is that there weren't working ice machines on every floor. We stayed on 7and had to go to 8 anytime we wanted ice, but we met some great people on theelevator!The shower did drain slowly but I understand that this happens in some homes/apartments aswell, we just turned the shower down and the drain was able to keep up.Since the Vegas Club and the Plaza are sister properties we were able to use the pool and fitness center and laundry facilities at the Plaza. (what a bonus!)Our plane didn't leave until 11:30pm and the hotel allowed us to check our bags with the bell desk, so we could spend our last day out and about.I would definitely stay there again. It was well worth the 366.00 (USD) I paidfor 8 days in Vegas.	
Sep 6 2007	vegas club is a hit!!	ok this was a last minute end of summer trip...my daughter who is 21 and I arrived on a Saturday Sept 1 . HOT!!! we got there early and i was afraid that they wouldnt have a room ready, but too my surprise they did. I booked directly through the hotel and payed 20 more for a north tower room . (n I was just here 2 weeks prior in a south tower ) The room was absolutley immaculate and cold.... very refreshing after being in the heat for 4 hour drive.We had a nice view from the 11th floor and a seperate vanity with a mirror convienent for my daughter and I to touch up!!The casino welcomed my daughter's first time gambling!! she won a little hear and there.... I managed to win 50.00 on a penny machiene, in fact i didnt even realize that I won till the man sitting next to me pointed it out.... I hit 7's and 5times something!!!I was a little intoxicated,so I cashed out right away and played deal or no deal..... I won on that too!!Overall I will definetly spend the $$ on a NORTH TOWER ROOM and I will stay here again....We had a non smoking room and it didnt smell anything like smoke or the hallways for that matter.the only complaint was the shower /tub water didnt drain fast enough , but overall I love it here!!	
Sep 1 2007 	Not Stinky	Mid-week stay (Tue.-checkout Fri.), August 28-31. Registered through Hotels.com with Summer on Sale 25% off room rate ($24/night + taxes/fees). Standard South Tower room (Non-smoking/King sized bed). Room was NOT stinky. No frills but clean and comfortable. A/C worked very well with temps. outside exceeding 100 degrees F. for highs. Mattress firm as I prefer. One complaint: no alarm clock. KUDOS to the Registration Desk Attendant for letting me check-in early at 11:30AM, rather than making me wait until after 3PM as a sign stated.	
Aug 15 2007 	stinky	we stayed there for two nights - they said we got a non-smoking room but everything smelled terrible like smoking!!! the carpets were old and dirty! spent few dollars more and stay in an other hotel!!	
Aug 9 2007 	dump even for me	dump, spend an extra few dollars and stay somewhere else. smelly rooms, dirty carpet, bums in the casino and sleeping outside, crappy casino,	
Aug 1 2007	Good Budget Hotel	Vegas Club Hotel is great for retires on a budget. The room was on the 15th floor(1515) in the South tower. The room was large, had 2 twin beds, TV, writing table and chest of drawers. The bath area is small but adequate and it had a small closet area. Overallthe hotel room was equal to a good motel. We came to play the slots not to lounge around a hotel.So we got a great deal.Our greatest surprise was The &quot;Great Moments Cafe&quot;. The small dining room had the best food and service we had ever had in Las Vegas.	
Jul 31 2007 	very run down	Rooms are large, that is about the only good thing I can say about the hotel.Carpets in rooms and down hallways are worn, stained, burned, lumpy and coming up at the seams.I had a south tower room, other family members had north tower rooms ( four rooms in all) only 1 had a fridge and coffee maker).All furniture was shabby and stained. Beds were hard. Bathrooms are dingy. Air conditoner did not work well. No alarm clock in rooms. My daughter said her room was very ghetto!Front desk was rather rude, didn't listen and acted like we were interupting their free time. We tried to get all room together, at least on the same floor, as we were there for daughters wedding,we were put all over the place. Different floors, different towers.No one in our group will go back to the Las Vegas Club.For a few dollars more, can get a much nicer room elsewhere.	
Jul 28 2007 	Just about ok...	I stayed here for 2 days and overall my experience was just ok.If it was not for the price I would have given them 1 star. Hotel seems to be really old, this is evident from rooms. Beds were hard, there was no alarm clock in the room and no water, vending machine was out of water and ice machine had no ice.If you dont like smoke/smoking stay away from this place. Lobby/hallways and casino was full of smoke.For this price you can find a decent place in neighboring downtown hotels	
Jul 26 2007 	Aviod at any cost...	This place is simply terrible......Lobby was dirty and full of smoke (always)....hallways are dark and smell rather strange, hotel staff especially the receptionist were rude and arrogant at best.Rooms were fine but washrooms were dirty, furniture was really strange looking and mattress was really hard.Overall this was my worst experience with a las vegas hotel, I've been to vegas couple of times and this place really turned out to be the worst and I paid almost what I would have paid on a decent place on strip..You can find a better place in same price.....	
Jul 19 2007 	Great hotel	I stayed at the Vegas Club for only two nights on business last week &amp; I would have to say that I was pleasantly surprised! From some of the negative reviews that I'd read prior to my trip, I wasn't really sure what to expect, but I would have to say that I'd stay there again. The hotel is a little dated (which was fine), but the check-in staff were very pleasant, the room was reasonable &amp; clean &amp; you're at the beginning of the Fremont St. Experience - what more could you ask for! The only complaint that I do have is having to take one elevator from the parking garage into the hotel, getting off &amp; having to take another elevator to my room (which was located in the North Tower) - but that's something that I could live with!	
Jun 25 2007 	Great stay at the Vegas Club	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Vegas Club. We had a room on the 11th floor of the North Tower and were pleasantly surprised. The room was large, clean and - most importantly - we found the beds to be very comfortable! Yes, it shows it's age in some ways but there were definately more pluses than negatives to our stay!I wouldn't hestiate to stay there again in the future.	
Jun 21 2007 	A Great Value - A Great Location	Like many have said---- The Vegas club is one of the best values in Las Vegas.After you've seen the sinking ships, exploding volcanoes and the impressive hotels on the strip, you need to come to downton. There is no where in Vegas where convienience and value meet like on Fremont street.The Vegas Club is a no-frills hotel which offers superb value. I have stayed several times in the &quot;deluxe north tower rooms&quot;. The rooms are quite large in size and come with coffee pots and refriderators. The rooms are not fancy and are a bit worn. The beds are a bit firm. The staff at this property are real stars and they are very helpful.You've got easy access to bus transportation. I have used both a rental car and bus to get to the convention center.  The lounges in the Vegas club supply you with stong cheap drinks.I love downtown because you don't feel trapped as you do on the strip. You are only 1 minute away from other hotels, casinos and restuarants. I know that downtown has a image of being dirty and full of bums. This is certainly not the case. As long as you stay on Freemont street you will be totally safe. In conclusion, if you are after a great value and an awsome location, you really should try the Las Vegas Club.	
May 21 2007 	Great Stuff!!!!!!	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. it was our first trip to Vegas and we were not dissapointed. Okay, so the hotel is not on the Strip. No big deal - we actually had the most fun on our first night when we stayed at the bars on Freemont street. Plus the area didnt eat your money quite like the Strip does! the casinos were okay, lots of $5 blackjack if you dont want to gamble big. plus the area fet really safe. The hotel is a about a $40 cab ride from the airport and about $17 dollars from the strip. There is a bus thats leaves freemont street which is $2, but it seemed to take aaaggggges so we just stuck to taxis. We stayed in the North tower rooms, which I do belive is worth paying that little bit extra for. The room was HUGE, big bed and a little seating area. Also the shower was really strong with lots of hot water. Just what you need to get rid of the hangover!All in all I would definately recommend this hotel. The room was clean, staff friendly, and although not on the Strip, I belive in an ideal location - all for about £35 a night. BARGIN!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 19 2007 	Bang for the Buck	I’ve been going to Las Vegas since 1979. I believe that the first two times you visit, you should stay on the Strip, walk around with your eyes and mouth wide open, experience the overpriced hotels, tight slots, high minimums at the tables, and the underpaying video poker machines. By your third trip, you’re ready to stay Downtown. Which brings us to the Las Vegas Club. CHECK INSmooth, quick, efficient. When I requested to be away from the noise of Freemont Street, the check-in clerk showed me a map of the hotel and asked whether Room-X would be okay.THE ROOMI stayed in the SOUTH TOWER -- so all comments refer to the SOUTH TOWER only.The room was spacious. Two people can move around without bumping into each other. The paint, carpet, etc were in good condition. Drawers and closet space were sufficient. The bed was comfortable. The linens were clean.The bathroom was tiny; the sink was located outside the bathroom. The sink area contained adequate counter space. The shower stream was steady and strong. The water temperature was constant. The tub drained slowly, but I didn’t consider it an inconvenience.The A/C worked very well and very quietly. It was the type of A/C that didn’t turn on/off based on temperature. This will be a plus for those who wake up every time a heater/AC turns on or off.The television was small and carried only a few basic channels.There was no clock.The room contained a safe -- for me an important feature. You pay an additional $1.00 a day. Payment is on the honor system. At checkout, you’re asked whether you used the safe. If you want to die rich rather than poor, you can say that you didn’t use it and they’ll remove the charge from your bill.Here’s something that my wife always cares about, so I’ll mention it. There is no full-length mirror in the room.HOUSEKEEPINGI left the room in the morning. When I came back at night, the room had been cleaned. What more can I ask?ELEVATORSThere were two South Tower elevators. I was there seven days and never once even came close to thinking “What’s taking so long” . Very efficient.SECURITYNo one checks room keys as you enter the elevator. I failed to notice whether the elevators had a security camera. There was a security camera in the hotel corridor. There were security cameras in the parking garage.PARKINGThere is complimentary self-parking in their garage for hotel guests. There is also valet parking which I never investigated. The garage itself is roomy and easy to navigate.LOCATIONLocated at the top of Freemont Street, the Las Vegas Club is in the center of the action -- a very busy, very safe area.SUMMARYThink of The Wynn or Bellagio or Venetian as a top-of-the-line Lexus; whereas the Las Vegas Club is a Corolla -- a no frills dependable machine that gets you where you want to go economically and efficiently.	
Apr 13 2007 	Vegas Club – another brilliant holiday at Vegas Club	My wife and I had a 4 week holiday in the States during Aug-Sept 2006 and stayed in Las Vegas for 8 days. We booked Vegas Club as it was such a good value hotel in the Downtown area, and when we arrived the young man at the counter gave us an upgrade to the North Tower, and mentioned the room had ‘a view”. We couldn’t believe it when we swung the door open to reveal a floor to ceiling window looking directly up to the strip. The room was amazing, we loved every minute of the trip, and our stay with Vegas Club!Six months goes by and Julie and I get married. For our honeymoon, we plan another USA holiday, with stops in New York, Vegas and finally LA (where we are now). I booked North Tower rooms for our 9 day stay and after doing so I emailed Vegas Club to see if they could offer me the same room as we had before. In super quick time I was forwarded to Yulianna, who helped us so much in the led up to our trip. With a couple of weeks to go, Yulianna was able to confirm that very room for our stay.Arriving at Vegas Club, and checking in, heading up the elevators, and swinging that door open brought back so many ood memories. I can honestly say it may seem a small bonus to get the same room as you have before, but I knew that we had a great time 6 months ago, and for our honeymoon, I wanted the same feeling. We got it! It was a magical 9 nights in Vegas, and it was made all the better thanks to Yulianna.So thank you Yulianna, and for anyone reading this, stay at Vegas Club, and go for the North Tower Rooms. You won’t be disappointed (unless you’re used to staying at Wynn, and in that case good luck to you and your bank account!)	
Mar 29 2007 	Small casino large room	We stayed at the Vegas Club March 25-28. At check in there were only 2 people ahead of us, so it went very quickly. When I asked nicely for a free upgrade, the clerk, in very broken English, said that they fill the S. tower first (the old one) and then go into the N. one. Well, N. is where we wanted to be based on reviews here. Luckily the old tower was full, so we lucked out. Our room was 1219 , facing the Plaza, very pretty at night. The only disturbance was the doors do not seem to fit tightly, so when someone else went in/out, doors, rattled. Otherwise we could not hear thru walls, or hear water running, etc. Also we were three doors from the elevators, pop &amp; ice machine, nice, no long walk down the hallway. Even the N. tower is a little rough around the edges. We booked the cheapest room downtown from Allegiant Air, so we did sort of know what we were getting. When we came to 1219, the door was open &amp; a maintance guy was just finishing shampooing a spot on the carpet. It was a very light tan color, who would put that shade in a hotel room??? Of course it showed every little spot. But the room was clean &amp; large. In fact it almost looked like it could use a bit more furniture.Later in the evening we did have a bit of trouble with slow running drains, but eventually the water drained away. I like the convenience of the 2 vanities, one was away from the sink area, just like the website picture shows. The casino area seems to be doing an update. Some machines spit coins, gross! Others are newer but the tickets do not seem to be compatible. Luckily, the casino is small so you could easily cash in your tickets when a machine would not take them. Also, there was a lot of empty floor space where they were adding machines. One other thing, our window faced the Plaza and a corner of Main Street Station. There must be a hospital along there somewhere because we could hear ambulance sirens from time to time.Ate supper one night at the Upper Deck with an ACG coupon 2 for 1 cheeseburger. These were very good &amp; huge portions. Bill was $13 + tip, very good price.Because of the inconvience of the ticket situation we did not gamble much here. But we would stay again if the price was right or better yet if we received some great offer. We did use the Deuce to go to the strip one day, and of course the VC is the whole length of Fremont Street away from the bus stop, so that was a bit of walking that we did not need.I would compare the VC to a Super 8 here in the Midwest, a budget hotel.	
Mar 13 2007	ok for the price	stayed here in Feb. stayed in the south tower, room was clean, plenty of towels, bed was hard, that was my only, neg. it was close to everything downtown. you are downtown. for the price i paid for the room it was well worth it. maid service was there anytime i asked for them. double deuce is well worth it, $2 one way, or 5, for all day pass. comes around every 20 minutes. would stay here again, but would try the north tower	
Feb 18 2007	Great Value for Low Price	This was the first time staying downtown and it was a great experience. Booked Vegas Club through Vegas.Com Website. Avg price per night was about 45 bucks from Thursday to Monday. Stayed in the north tower room--very large spacious room--nice, clean, simple. I'm not a ritzy guy--and just look for a simple place to stay and this was the fit. Not a far walk thru the casino to reach Fremont St, the casino itself was so so--but you had other options just a walk on Fremont St. I have stayed on the Strip before and this was much better, not far walks--easy access--and seem like better deals downtown (eg 2 for 1 Buffets, Coupons, cheaper--laid back table games/casinos) Had a great time and was well worth the money--would definately stay again--can't wait to return--especially in the downtown area.	
Feb 17 2007 	No Frills No Sweat	Just got back from 4 night stay (Feb, 2007). 3rd downtown stay &amp; this was by far the best experience. Rooms were huge (for Vegas) shower had good water, but toilet was loud. No frills here - but rooms were clean &amp; the safe in the room was optional. Good crew - all friendly &amp; change in dresser was still there when we returned to the room. This was the only place that I won some $$ at the slots....and we tried them all downtown. Older hotel &amp; some of the slots still gave coin - go figure! Always have enjoyed being downtown - close enough to walk to any of the other casinos &amp; good food. Breakfast buffet @ the Fremont (pretty cheap) &amp; caught the free shuttle to Sams Town from there, too. Mac's right across the road @ the Plaza if you get sick of all the buffets &amp; restaurant waits....All over, decent older hotel at a good price.	
Feb 16 2007 	Love the Vegas Club!	This hotel was such a pleasant surprise! I assumed that it would be dingy and cheap...but for the refreshing inexpensive price it was much more than I expected! This is literally the best hotel deal in Vegas. The beds are comfortable and the rooms are big and clean. The staff is friendly, there's a restaurant at the top that serves $2.99 steak and eggs after 11 pm! For people on a budget (or anyone who doesn't want to spend hundreds of dollars per night) this is such a great place to stay. I've stayed here twice - both times in the North Tower, which I believe is newer than the South Tower. The atmosphere on Fremont Street is so much fun. I plan on staying here the next time I go to Vegas, too.	
Feb 14 2007	Home Sweet Home	Just got back from another great Las Vegas adventure. I stayed at the Las Vegas club from the 6th - 9th of Feb, 2007. First time at the club. I had a room in the south tower and found it be be much nicer than I expected. The room's there are bigger than you will find at most other hotels in town. I was looking for a quiet place to hang my hat at the end of the night and the Vegas club worked out well. The resturaunts on the property had decent food at a very good price. For the Fella's who like strong water pressure this place is the best! The shower blasted the hang-over right out of you. Fremont st. was great as usual offering a ton of resturaunts and pubs just a moments walk from your own front door. The staff was great!!! checked in at 11:00 no problem. Valet parking the way to go. Gambling was pretty good as well. I broke even over a 3 day period. Comp. drinks were the norm. and the cocktail waitresses made the rounds on a regular basis. Finally: Vegas is a big town and everyone wants to see it all. If your looking for a place to wind it down at the end of a busy night this be the place.Massachusetts Mike	
Feb 14 2007	Big Room Low Rate good value	I knew this hotel was old and based on the low rates, I was not expecting much. But I was pleasently surprised. My room was surprisingly large and clean. The staff at the front desk was friendly enough. The only problem I encountered was a TV remote control that didn't work. Pretty minor. The only thing I didn't like was the parking garage... its filthy. A fresh coat of paint on the walls would do wonders to make the garage a more pleasent place to walk through. The Casino is small and not very exciting but thats not why I chose to stay there. Overall, the LV Club was a very good value. Staying downtown is much easier than staying on the Strip, especially if you have a car. You can go between your room and your car much faster in the smaller downtown hotels than you can in the mega-resorts on the strip. So if you plan to drive around Vegas much, you can come and go from downtown much much faster than anywhere on the strip where it can take you 20 minutes to get from your room to your car. Lets say you forgot something in the trunk of your car... thats a 40 minute round trip to retrieve it... In downtown, its just a 5 minute trip.	
Jan 31 2007	You Get What You Pay For; Remember That!	Oh my God!! My wife and I had been planning this trip to Vegas for the last year trying to find a great deal on airfare. Finally, we got the deal of the century with Spirit Airlines. Off to Vegas we go. Got to the Las Vegas Club Hotel &amp; Casino. Walk in and think not so bad. I already knew that it wasn't going to be the best of the best because of the rate we got. Get our room keys and off to the South Tower we go. Get in and BOOM! Its worst than I thought. It's cold as all outdoors for one. The walls look like they haven't seen a coat of paint in ages, the carpet looks worn, there's a hole in the wall. The HVAC unit appeared to be outdated. When we turned it on, it would not heat up. We immediately called the front desk to complain. They told us that the boiler was out. We then went down to the front desk with intentions of checking out and going somewhere else but they convinced us to relocate to the North Tower. We got there and the room was a little warmer and the room was in much better shape.I see why this place is so far from the main strip. It just doesn't stand up. I imagine that it was pretty luxurious back in the day. But now it's in need of a major renovation. We did have breakfast at a pretty decent restaurant called Top of the Roof. I don’t recommend going there unless you don’t mind the outdated surroundings.	
Jan 27 2007 	I was happy with my North Tower room!	I recently stayed at the Vegas Club Casino for a 3 night stay at the beginning of January and was pleasantly surprised. I requested a 2 queen bed, non-smoking room in the North Tower because I had read from other reviews that the North Tower was nicer than the South Tower and they were right! My room was on the 10th floor and was very large and had a great view! The room was clean, quiet, did not smell and had nice furnishings. It had a nice bathroom also with a separate vanity area. There was plenty of hot water although the handle to flush the toilet was very loud. I found that the rooms with 2 queen beds were nicer and bigger than the rooms with one king bed. My boyfriend stayed in the South Tower and his room was not nearly as nice or big and the South Tower elevators smelled bad. The North Tower is about $10 more per night but well worth it! It's like being in a totally different hotel!The restaurant on the 2nd floor (The Upper Deck) was good too! The room service was too expensive and our dishes stayed outside our room in the hallway for more than a day. I would just go to the restaurant. There is no pool but you can use the pool across the street at their sister hotel The Plaza. The pool was closed when we were there and it looked small but you can also use their gym which was small but nice because no one else was using it at the time. I would pick the Vegas Club over the Plaza to stay at. The Plaza was so smokey. My Tips for staying here:North Tower is a must! Order the chicken fried steak! (Heavy on the gravy but delicious!! Be careful when ordering movies. We accidently changed the channel while trying to adjust the volume and that &quot;cleared&quot; the movie out. The front desk would not restart the movie for us or refund the charge of $10.99 Overall my stay was nice because the room was nice at a reasonable price. My only complaint was not getting a refund on the movie.	
Jan 23 2007 	Run FAR away from this place!!!	Let me start of by saying that my husband and I LOVE Downtown Vegas. We aren't flashy people and aren't looking for the glitz and glamour of the Strip. We have stayed at other properties Downtown and never had a problem. For this trip we thought we would try the Vegas Club. BIG mistake!!!! We got a great rate thru i4vegas and figured we would be ok. We requested a North Tower room and got it. It all went down hill from there. We walked off the elevator and it was FREEZING!!! The hallway carpet was a mess and was rippled all the way down. Anyone could easily trip over any part of this carpet. Outside of our room was a huge ceiling vent blowing freezing cold air directly down. My husband who loves being cold was even complaining. The room itself was very dirty. The carpet had not been vaccuumed in a very long time!!! The base boards were black from dirt at the bottom. The beds were terrible. There was no padding and you could feel every single spring. The pillows were pathetic and felt like a single piece of cheap foam. The bathroom was actually the cleanest part of the room.We will NEVER go back to this hotel. I'll spring for an extra $10 or $20 bucks a night (when not comped) and stay at Fitzgerald's or Golden Nugget.There are much better properties/deals to be found. STAY AWAY from Vegas Club!!!! I wish I could give negative stars for this place - it was that BAD!	
Jan 22 2007 	great price for last minute booking.	I had originally booked the cal for 9 nights, but found that they only allow stays up to 6 or 7 nights so I had to scramble for a place to stay for 3 nights. I found the i4vegas web site and booked the las vegas club for 3 nights, friday, saturday and sunday nights right during the conventions, january 12, 13 and 14 2007. It was for $185 for 3 nights including taxes and all fees (I didn't use the phone or safe) so it was a great price on such last minute (1 week). when I arrived they put me up in the north tower, on one of the upper floors with a great view of main street and a bit of the strip. the vanity area was a little small for good enough for 1 person. there was a couch and 2 chairs so I could sit and watch the sights from my room. maybe the only negative was that I was right next to the las vegas club sign so it blinked and went on and off at night but I just closed the drapes a little. One of the pluses was that I asked the bellman and he let me go downstairs and weigh my suitcase in a purchasing area to make sure that i was under the 50 pound airline limit. great as it saved me $50 a bag extra if it was over. mention that you didn't use the safe if you didn't and they will remove the $1 a day charge.	
Jan 20 2007 	You get what you didn't pay for...	I was looking for a cheap alternative from the expensive strip, well I found it and got what I paid for...cheap. I stayed in 1104 on the South Tower Jan 14-17. I am pretty tolerant of dirty older motels sometimes, but this one was on my worst list. I read the reviews and thought, it would be a nice place, it wasn't. As soon as I entered, I noticed the floor was not vacumed, table dirty, and dust bunnys clinging to the popcorn ceiling above the heater fan (by the window). The toilet's plunger would stick each flush, the leak most of the time. The bathroom is way outdated. The King bed was hard and old. The TV a small 19&quot;. Only 5 channels. The door has a gap, and you can hear all the noise from talking etc in the hall. Well, it was only $31/night. The elevators are from the 60's, ride at your own risk. I doubt the hotel has been renovated in 30 years. Though after telling the desk clerk, he said yes he gets the same complaints all day from South Tower rooms. He said they have plans on renovating the South Tower. He said if he was checking me in, he would of given me the renovated North Tower room for the same price. So try that...it's supposed to to $15 more (from online). It was right at the Fremont Experiance. Parking in the garage was free. That's about it...you get what you didn't pay for here!	
Jan 18 2007	Treated us well	We spent 4 nights (Jan. 9-13, 2007) in the North Tower of the Vegas Club Casino/Hotel. Because of the convention in town and our late arrival at the hotel, all of the south tower rooms (which we booked for the cheaper price) were full and we were upgraded to the north tower. On the second night of our stay, around midnight after my husband showered and was going to bed, our power went out in our bathroom and the separate vanity area. We called and maintenance was there immediately; however, after an hour or so, he was unable to fix the problem. We really didn't want to pack up and move at that hour (1 a.m. by this time) but we had no choice. The next day, I spoke with the manager, Yulianna, who apologized and took the entire one night's charges off of our bill. We were pleased with her response to our problem. My only complaint would be that when we had to move, I asked the night front desk clerk, Mike, for a cart which he gave me but when I asked if we could leave it in the hallway next to our room when done(we were dead tired-still on Michigan time) he replied &quot;no&quot; and that I had to bring it right back. He finally sent security up with me and security took the cart back down when we were done. Thanks, Yulianna, for taking care of us at the Vegas Club.	
Jan 5 2007 	Stayed in Jan 07.	I received a 3 day comp and just got back today.. Got South tower room, clean, neat, good bed. I did have to call for more pillow, a hair dryer and a light repaired, but they were right up to fix everything. Nice staff, but confusing rules on comps, was told one thing one day and another the next.. Slots were tight and i lost alot, but i came out ahead on black jack. beware the &quot;most liberal rules' tables, bj pays even money and they had 8 decks..food so so at the upper deck. I still like the place. good value for downtown and you get alot there. Pros: right at freemont street, comfy room, but no frills. nice people. cons: slots tighter than tight and the comp rules have changed, not as easy to get. I may still will go back..	
Nov 13 2006 	Cean and Comfotable	We just returned from the Las Vegas Club. This was our third stay and my husbands fourth. We have always been pleased with our stays. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The casino is also very clean. I like the fact that on our return trips you see the same faces behind the front desk, the dealers are the same and a few new cocktail waitresses here and there. That says to me that this is a great place that they do not have a large turnover of employees. I like to be greated with a smile, thanked for staying and gambling in their hotel. The comps are great. We were home for less that a week and we recieved another great offer for free and discounted nights. Guess I will have to take them up on it and go back in a few weeks.	
Nov 8 2006 	Great time had here!	We stayed at this property from 10/31 to 11/7. Easy to get to while driving and had no problems with the self park garage. Some say it is very narrow but we didn't think it was a problem at all. We had room 1225 in the North tower and the room was great. Very roomy, light colors in the decorating. Had a king size bed, loveseat and 2 wing chairs. Bed was very comfortable. I liked the way the bath was set up...sink was outside of room with tub and toilet. That way, I could dry my hair while my husband was showering. Housekeeping kept everything very tidy...no complaints there. We used the safe and also had a fridge brought up to the room...we asked at checkout and they removed the daily fees from our bill. Casino was alot of fun and the dealers were very nice. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 9 2006 	5th Stay At The Vegas Club	With a little play, after your first stay, if you sign up for and gamble with your Vegas Players' Club Card, the Vegas Club will be sending you mailers for comp and discounted room rates. We only stay in The North Tower. Toke the desk clerk $10 to &quot;Pick you out a nice one!&quot;. We get a king N/S. Call housekeeping as soon as you arrive and get more pillows, if you need them. Don't wait 'till you want to go to sleep. Tip a few bucks to the nice person who brings them. Our rooms are always very, very clean, but also very, very, very bare. No clock/radio/alarm. Bring one! No hair dryer. Bring one! No coffee maker. Bring one!!! The bathtub and commode share a room, the single basin sink shares an alcove with the open reach-in wardrobe. There is a make-up vanity with mirror, lights and outlet next to the bed. Bar soap, shampoo, and lotion included. The carpet is beige. Very brave, imo. The artwork is a framed Mediterranean Seaside print. The drapes are not blackout. Each floor has an ice machine and a $1.50 Pepsi/Bottled Water machine. The Upper Deck Restaurant has good diner food, and good, cheap, graveyard breakfasts on sale. The Great Moments Room is great, as advertised, and closed Tues and Wed. Public Internet access across from the gift shop and snack bar. Check-in/ Parking on Ogden. They have liberal rules Blackjack, 5x Odds on Craps, Roulette, Let it Ride, and Texas Hold 'em table games. Lots of slots and VP. No Keno or Sports Book. The staff is friendly! Good luck!!!	
Jul 24 2006 	Would definitely stay here again	We go to Vegas twice a year and always stay downtown but this was our first stay at the Vegas Club. I definitely won't be our last. The location was great. The staff was very friendly. The rooms were large and clean. We were in the North Tower so it seemed to have been upgraded somewhat. New wallpaper and linens. The carpet was pretty old, but not nasty. We walked barefooted without fear. Comfortable bed and hot shower. That's all I need in Vegas anyway. My only complaint, which is not a big one, is that there was no alarm clock in the room. This wasn't a problem because I had my cel phone for the clock and alarm, but when I stay here next time, I'll bring a travel alarm clock. Also, there was no hairdryer, but when I asked at the front desk, they brought one up within 5 minutes.Like some of the previous reviews, we also got a free upgrade to the North Tower. We were booked in the South through hotels.com but when we got there I asked if there were North tower rooms, there were, and they moved us up for free. All and all, this is a great hotel with a fun casino and if you're not in this for luxury I would certainly recommend.	
Jun 28 2006	Play but don't stay!!	My husband and I stayed here for two nights 6/23-6/24.A lthough we love the casino and waitstaff, the room was a different story. It is very plain and tired looking, we did not have a ice bucket liner or alarm clock which was kinda an inconvience. We did have an air conditioner but it blew out very light and slow &amp; when it is over 100 degrees you look forward to going back to a cold room which we did not have.My husband found a marijuana joint on the hall floor and we could smell it through the entire top floor as well.Needless to say we will go back to the our favorite hotel the Golden Nugget but we will continue to play at the Las Vegas Club. The waitresses are wonderful and the drinks are great, I would not suggest staying here unless you are really on a tight budget.	
Jun 14 2006	Needs upgrading	We stayed with a large group the weekend of June 2nd. Our rooms were in the South Tower. First of all, the rooms definately need remodeling. The carpet is stained and needs to be replaced. There are NO amenities. No hairdryer, no iron or coffeemaker, not even a clock. The drain backed up when you took a shower. There were no icemakers on our floor and when we went up or down a floor they were out of ice. I have to say that most of the employees were very pleasant. We didn't win much, but others in our group did win some.From what I heard, the North Tower has been remodeled, so ask to stay there.	
May 11 2006	Great all around	The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly. We were pleasantly surprised at the decent size of the room. And with two ladies traveling together it was great to have two vanities to get ready at. It was a really good deal at $37 a night. Be aware that this nice bargin hotel does not have some of the amentities than many of us have come accustomed to. There was no hair dryer in the room and the gym and pool are at the Plaza across the street. They gym had two treadmills, a bike and an all-in-one weight machine; the room was small but at least had a TV. The pool area is currently being worked on it would appear. It was open while we were there, but there were 4 men tearing up parts of the pool courtyard, was a bit noisey. I got to peak into one of the rooms at the Plaza and I think that the Las Vegas Club had much nicer, larger rooms and we paid about $10 less a night than had we stayed at the Plaza.The location is perfect for someone who enjoys the downtown atmosphere. Plus, Golden Gate is right across the street so it was easy to get fabulous shrimp cocktails. What really blew us away was that we misplaced a $100 bill in the room, our housekeeper found it and set it on the night stand and we hadn't even said anythign to them about the fact that it was missing. To me, that speaks volumes about the integrity of this hotel. I guess it pays to tip your housekeeper! I would definately stay here again.	
May 3 2006	A Nice Bargain	We just stayed here last week and found the room quite nice. It was in the North tower which has been remodeled and is supposedly much nicer than the older South tower. Our check-in hostess confirmed this difference and we were upgraded to the better tower. However, the room didn't have a hair dryer which surprised me. I haven't taken mine in years because all hotels have them any more, but not here. Valet parking was prompt and friendly. Pit bosses had some personality. Cocktail waitresses haven't been upgraded in years, but that's OK. Ate at the Upper Deck restaurant and it was very good. Would certainly return again.	
Apr 30 2006	Better than expected	My brother and I just returned from spending two nights at the Las Vegas Club. First, we love &quot;downtown&quot; and find it to be more fun and better gambling than the strip. We've stayed at several downtown places over the years. We ended up at the Las Vegas Club this time because we couldn't get into the Main Street Station (our most recent &quot;favorite&quot;) due to a big convention. We chose it primarily based on price and because the reviews on tripadvisor were generally favorable. Our reservation was for the south tower (cheapest and oldest rooms) but we asked for the North Tower at check in and were given it for no extra charge. The room was large and clean. The shower/toilet was separate from the sink which was helpful. The bed was comfortable. Overall it was a winner, particualry for the price and because we're really just there to gamble, not hang out in the room. On a comparison basis, we thought it was nicer than the Four Queens and the Lady Luck but not as nice as the Main Street or Golden Nugget. My &quot;conclusion&quot; was that it's better to reserve the south tower (for less money) and then try to get the better north tower when checking in. We would definitely stay there again, particularly if we receive offers in the mail or find out we're eligible for a discounted rate.	
Apr 20 2006	Not great but cheap.	Stayed here on a weeknight and paid $39 in the South Tower 4th floor. Rooms were a good size, but the furniture was worn. The bed was hard and alittle lumpy. The A/C didn't work but luckily is wasn't that warm and since we were there only overnight, we didn't bother changing rooms. Can't attest to the cleanliness of the carpets as we always travel with slippers. Even our non-smoking room smelled of smoke, but not too bad. Shower pressure weak. Check in lines were short, but service was slow. Location was good as it's on the Fremont Street Experience so it felt safe at night. Didn't sample the restaurants. Probably won't stay here again. We stayed at the El Cortez the next night, and The California (both reviewed) after that. Both of those places were better although the area around El Cortez is not.	
Apr 20 2006	Great value!	I stayed four nights in April at the Vegas Club. I was booked for the South Tower, but when I arrived I asked if I could instead stay in the North Tower---the desk clerk shrugged and said okay and gave me a free upgrade.The North Tower room fit my needs nicely. The room was surprisingly large, the bathroom had a shower/bath and a separate sink area. Most importantly, the bed was very comfortable. I'm a little picky about beds and this one had soft sheets and quality pillows.The room also had a safe (one dollar per day) and a little lounge area with a loveseat, two chairs and a table. The television had about fifteen channels----no HBO. My window faced north to the California hotel/casino....the views are probably better from the south-facing rooms.I didn't eat in any of the Vegas Club restaurants. I played some in the casino and was never offered a comp. The blackjack pit bosses are kind of jumpy----worried about card-counters.The Vegas Club location is almost ideal----there's the California and Main Street Station casinos behind the Vegas Club, the Plaza is just across the street, the Golden Gate and their great shrimp cocktails are just across Fremont, a few steps down are La Bayou and their huge selection of daiquiris, the Glitter Gulch nudie bar, and Mermaids little casino with their deep-fried Twinkies and Oreos. Down just a few more steps are Binion's and the Golden Nugget. I spent alot of time in most of these casinos....I even sat next to a guy at the Main Street Station who made $25,000 at blackjack in about two hours.I've stayed in the Luxor and the Monte Carlo previously....the Vegas Club doen't have the glitz and attractions that those places offer, but the room was nearly as nice at less than half the price. After three trips to Vegas I've decided I'm definitely a downtown guy----cheaper, better rules at the gambling tables, better payouts on video poker, and vastly easier to get around from casino to casino.	
Mar 19 2006 	great value	Stayed for 3 nights. One of the better values in Vegas. Great location. Helpful staff. View from the room was beautiful. Stayed here because it was significantly cheaper than the Nugget where our conference was. Would stay again depending on price.	
Mar 9 2006	Loved It!	Feb24-March3My hubby and I were in Vegas for 7 nights for our 25th anniversery. Had been to vegas 3 or 4 times before and always stayed at The Golden Nugget. This time since we were going to be there longer wanted something a little cheaper ( especially the weekend rates). We like staying downtown, not as busy as the strip. Vegas club was quite a surprise! Great rates plus just what we liked and not over crowded.Our room was nice, had a view of the plaza and mountains.housekeeping was very good. Ate every morning in the upper deck (comped), Several evening meals there, food was not bad. We are not big spenders on food would rather spend money elsewhere. Loved the casino, started playing BJ this trip and did ok there.Drink service could improve and that is about the only complaint I can think of!we are going back next yr with our grown kids and will prob stay there again!	
Jan 30 2006	best value for $$$$	We stayed at the vegas club for 2 nights in early Jan. We booked thru vegas and got a $29 rate. So cheap, therefore we were a bit worried. At first they could not find our reservation but in the end our name was spelled wrong and the sweet girl upgraded us to a delux king room in the North tower. It was remodeled and roomy and we were so pleased. great pressure in the shower too! The food at the cafe was cheap and pretty good. service was great there. The casino was a bit smoky but I had luck on some slots. We would definitely go back as we loved the downtown vibe.	
Jan 21 2006	Clean And Worth It	reading all the mixed reviews i was wondering what I was in for. But when we checked into the Vegas Club, the place was great. Had the top floor, 16, in the South Tower. The room was clean, looked out to the highway and mountains and Plaza Hotel was rigt across from us. The casino is small and not busy but Fremont is really cool and always busy and the music is just great while you walk around from casino to casino. Ya you get the odd person asking for change or asking if you &quot;need anything good&quot; but I live in Toronto so I am used to that when I am downtown here so it is nothing as it is everywhere.A short cab ride to the Strip is easy to get as the cabs are out front acorss at californias or just walk to the Nugget to grab one.Vegas Club has a nice diner in it, decent food that is cheaply priced. I would stay here again for sure. Less commercialized compared to The Strip, and affordable and clean. I attached pic of the area and the room.	
Dec 27 2005	Bright Star	Recently spent 4 nights at the LV Club; the refurbished rooms are very nice, the price right and the casino is excellent. The only problem we encountered was the attitude of the employees working in the casino; no one smiled or was in the least friendly or seemed to know or care anything about customer service. The one &quot;Bright Star&quot; in our visit was LaWanda who worked in the Seventh Inning Scoop where we stopped in the morning for a quick latte and muffin or, in the evenings for an ice cream cone. She was not only an excellent worker but, very friendly and sweet. The only person we found in the casino that seemed to be customer-oriented. If you go there, stop by, get one of their delicious sugar-free ice cream cones and say hi to LaWanda, I'm sure you will agree.	
Dec 1 2005	STILL a Diamond in the Rough....	Thanksgiving, 2002, I stayed for the 1st time at the Vegas Club. I reviewed and stated I was MORE than mildly surprised. I also stated I asked to be put on their list and would come again.In June, 2004, I kept that promise, by bringing my Wife and Daughter and spending 10 days at Vegas Club.The room, again, was excellent, the A/C COLD, the water HOT, the TV clear, the beds.... Well, read the review from 2004.NOW. For this year, 2005 !Brought the wife and daughter back again, but this time for an 11 day stay. EVERYTHING WAS JUST AS BEFORE !!!The simple fact is this: VEGAS Club is a DIAMOND in THE ROUGH !!!The club, true as it is, is an older establishment. Don't let that be the decisive thing in your choice of home away from home.Every thing, every one, every day was just like home- from the cooking, to the drinks, to the service, to the attitude and quality of Play at the tables (which I spent over 33 hours playing).The Vegas Club has EVERYTHING the gambler needs as far as fair games. 21, Pai Gow, and Dice are as good as any in Vegas, with Blackjack at Vegas Club at the top of ANY casino game in Las Vegas. Double deck games, with almost an entire deal fo BOTH decks, makes Vegas Club THE PLACE to play for fair odds at the table.As for Food: Above Average. As for Drinks: Above Average.As for Service: Above Average.If you miss the chance to stay in a hotel with prices so low that many think there is something Wrong with the Hotel, you LOSE !!You will NOT get a better room, a larger room, a colder room in the Summer, a better serviced room at any casino in Las Vegas..So, spend your $150 a night on the strip, or spend 25% of that for an excellent, well rounded stop at the VEGAS Club. Your choice.And, don't forget that Downtown Las Vegas, staying at the Vegas Club, puts you in walking distance of:Binions, Union Plaza, Fremont, Main Street Station, California, Fitzeralds, Golden Nugget, Four Queens, Golden Gate, Lady Luck casinos. Any one of which will be just as good OR better than the strip casinos.All this, and the shopping and sights of Downtown Vegas, for an excellent price and an Excellent stay at LAS VEGAS CLUB....You just can't go wrong. Period. Paragraph.Tuffy SamsGarland, Texas	
Nov 18 2005	Just O.K.	We booked our stay for a Thursday night through Monday. We booked with American Airlines and I called the hotel a week before arrival to make sure everything was in place and it was.I had resevered a room in the north tower, non-smoking, with 2 queen beds and a rollaway. However when I reached the hotel Thursday night the girl could not find a reservation for me...I stood there for about 30 minutes until finally the girl told me she would give me an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a MVP room which was suppose to be a mini suite the only problem was it was a king and not 2 queens and there were no roll aways available but the next day they would move us to a double with a roll away. It was just me and 2 of my best buddies so to say the least we were pretty upset by now about all this. We had flown from back east and were pretty tired by the time we got to Vegas at 10:30 at night so we had no choise except to take this offer since it was already paid for. That put 2 of us in the king bed and one on the pull out sofa...not much sleep that night to say the least. But you really don't get much sleep in Vegas anyway. The next day was better with the other room. The rooms themselves are pretty much what I expected...stained carpet, worn bed spreads, but it did seem to be fairly clean and very large. The TV was small...no big deal, not in Vegas to watch TV. The bathroom was clean and the sink was seperate from the tub and toliet which is nice, that gives plenty of room for 3 people to move around and get ready.I did not eat at LVClub so I can't comment on the food. The MVP upgraded rooms have a refridge, Coffee pot, Iron &amp; board &amp; hair dryer. It is my understanding that this is the only difference between the MVP rooms verses the regular rooms.This was the first time staying downtown, we'll be back on the strip next time. Downtown seemed kind of deserted even though it was the weekend, it was the smallest crowd I have ever seen downtown and I had been coming to Vegas for about 5 years. Believe it or not I saw 5 times more bums on the strip this year than I did DT. We did rent a car at the airport so we could drive around. The parking garage at LVClub was safe and easy to access and not far from the rooms. The rooms were quite, we were probably the loudest guys on our floor. Housekeeping did not bother us at all but we did hang the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign when we finally crashed every night/morning/day or just whenever we couldn't stand upright anymore. The cleaners must keep an eye out because they cleaned every day but we never saw them. All in all we had a great time, just dont expect anything more than a 2 star hotel and you will be fine.	
Nov 11 2005	Very convenient	Stayed here two weeks. Having read previous reviews was apprehensive but wrote to hotel asking for refurbished room and was given large quiet room in north tower.beds very comfortable and room clean .Large range of toiletries replenished daily.Casino fronting onto Fremont streetlight and airy plenty of 1cent machines waitresses attentive and quick.Handy for Main St,Fremont andGolden Nugget buffets.Would stay here again.	
Oct 4 2005	Worn and Torn but north tower remodeled rooms a bargin!	We spent two nights here Sept. 28 -30.We stayed in the remodeled north tower.The rooms were clean and totally remodeled down to the fixtures , toliet and tub &amp;tile in the bathroom.The cartpets were moderatly soiled, but not offenselvy so(they were light beige). The casino was worn and yes smokey(as I was warned by TA). It was like an old downtown Reno hotel casino.However, it is in a fabulous location.We had more fun downtown than we had ever had in Vegas!!! It is crazy!!! The outfits, the crazy little clubs ( Don't miss La Bayou, won $400 there) loose slots, Kiosks with fun things to buy, the light show was fabulous, and we found the crowd to be just like your next door neighbor. Just a fun time had by all.We saw one transient on our way home. We felt safe. We did eat at the Upper Deck resturant at LVC.Prime Rib Dinner served all day $7.99. It was great, not fancy but good.Main Street Station,fabulous Buffet!!I used my coupons out of&quot; The American Casino Guide&quot;I purchased on the internet , and got the room for $59 for two nights.Would I stay there again? Probably not, I would like to try the Plaza(was afraid because of mixed reveiws TA) The casino was great...might ask to see a remodeled room first before I booked.The Golden Nugget was beautiful. I noticed if you booked through the hotel sight they throw in a &quot;Gordie Brown&quot; show and other incentives , making their $55-$60 rate not a bad buy. But all in all LVC was great for the money and location.Well if you come to Vegas promise me you will do at least one evening downtown on Fremont Street, you will be in for a whole lot of fun!!!!!!!	
Sep 28 2005	Had issues with the Front Desk	We got in late on a Friday night and they didn't have the right room with two double beds. They did provide a rollaway and moved us to an appropriate room on Saturday but tried to charge use $30.00 for the roll away when we left on Monday. Rooms were OK but won't stay there again. I love downtown Vegas much better than the strip. Will probably stay at the Nuggett or Binions next time.	
Aug 22 2005	Not bad	This is a fairly inexpensive hotel, found a deal for $49.00 on a Sat. night. It is in a great location on Fremont, and the rooms were clean, although our room did have a slightly unpleasant smell, even though it was non-smoking. We stayed in the South Tower, but hear that the north is a little nicer. Lots of good, free, entertainment on Fremont.	
Aug 4 2005	Staying again and again!	My husband and I along with 3 other couples stayed at the Vegas Club and were very pleased with everything! The service was outstanding and the people were very helpful and friendly! We have been going to Vegas for 15 years and we are planning on staying at this hotel from now on, we have stayed on the strip and at other Casinos downtown but this one is the one for us, not fancy but very friendly!! In fact we are returning in Sept. for a stay again.	
Jul 25 2005	had a grwat time	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Vegas Club for what we thought would be 4 days. We ended up staying a few days longer and we had no problem with extending our stay in the North tower. Freddie Maatouk was very gracious to let a stay for a few days longer. The service was very friendly. The housekeeper did a great job keeping our room supplied with everything that we needed. Had dinner in the Ouiet Moments room and it was wonderful, the atmosphere, the food and the service! The entire staff of the Vegas Club made us feel very welcome. Security guards made us feel safe when we were in the Casino gambling at the late hours. We call it home when we are in Vegas and it is our place of choice EVERY time we visit Vegas. Thanks Freddie!! NicoleKalamazoo, Michigan	
May 30 2005	Not bad for price	I stayed at a cheaper hotel on the strip on a previous trip and the room was old. This time we stayed downtown, in the north tower at the Las Vegas Club Casino. The room was very comfortable, and there was no soap dispensers as I was told there were bar soaps, and shampoos. The cleaning lady was on the floor all day with fresh towels and if we needed anything, including an iron board they brought it to our room. They we not too quick on the floor to bring the drinks, but we were only playing the penny and nickel machine, just go across the street to La Bayou! Everything we great there was a light show every night and bus passes to the strip were only $5 per day.	
Apr 30 2005	It was OK to stay here...zero frills	You can't expect much for $39 a night on a weekday, but the room in our South Tower was relatively clean. Even though the walls and carpet need attention, the sheets and towels were clean. I didn't expect much for what we paid for the 3 nights stay. For 2, it was only $160.00 ...enough for a hot shower and sleeping. Hotel provided samples for shampoo and hand lotion. We ate across the street at Main Street, or Calif. hotels...buffets were great in both of these hotels. The casino at Las Vegas Club didn't make me a winner but the staff at check-in were pleasant and accommodating when I accidently locked my suitcase and didn't have the correct key to open it. The immediate attention from maintenance was very much appreciated. I'd stay here again, if anything, the price was cheap, yes very cheap. Oh... I did book my reservations way in advance for the &quot;North Tower&quot;, I specifically called long distance from Hawaii to book; but was told at check-in upon arrival that the North Tower could be requested but not guaranteed, which was disappointing since I was charged a deposit on my credit card to hold the reservations. With this thought, I may or may not return to this hotel again in the future! But like I said, don't expect much for the rates charged. Housekeeping did bring up a hair dryer when requested at no charge.	
Apr 30 2005	Las Vegas Club fine for gamblers not snobs...	I stayed in one of the South Tower rooms for two nights in mid-April at the LVC. The room I stayed in had good water pressure, hot water, clean bedding, and enough space to walk around. The carpet could use replacing; although it had obviously been cleaned, the unmistakeable stain of *age* was evident. The bathroom was small, but I am talking about the room with the toilet and tub; the sink/mirror area is outside of this, with plenty of counter space to set neccesities on. At least in the room I stayed in, this sink area is semi-private from the rest of the room thanks to a partial wall. The beds at first looked like a lost cause, because they were very low to the ground. I must say, however, that those beds were some of the most comfortable I have ever slept on, much to my surprise. As for the gaming, the LVC is famous for low limits and good blackjack. Well, almost: the table with the sign for &quot;the world's most liberal blackjack game&quot; is for suckers only. Blackjacks are only paid 6:5 to the player, which drastically raises the house edge. Stick to the regular single deck game, which is usually only offered in the evenings. Incidentally, the casino is a bit of a maze. Even after staying there for two days, I found myself walking opposite of where I should've been. In the final analysis, LVC is a fair place to stay if you aren't picky, but for clean freaks the only place to stay downtown is the Golden Nugget.	
Apr 26 2005	Worse than a Motel 6	Don't stay at this hotel!!! I stayed at this hotel based on the recommendations on here - the consensus seemed to be that after the Golden Nugget this was the place to stay downtown.I booked a room for 5 nights at $50 a night - they say you get what you pay for, but this wasn't even worth the $50!When we arrived (with 4 suitcases) there was no bellhops to help with the luggage. Check in was slow and we were never told where our room was. When we got to the room there were cigarette burns all over the floor, the sheets had holes in them and we could feel every spring in the mattress. Our room was across from the ice machine and elevators and all you could hear was the &quot;clump clump clump&quot; of the ice going into buckets. I asked to get a room with a better mattress - the new room had only a slightly better bed. The rooms are a good size but they do not provide an alarm clock, hairdryer, or coffee pot - all things which are pretty standard for hotel rooms. The TV was small, the remote didn't work, there is no Internet access in the rooms. The decor is outdated, the bedspread looked like it hadn't been washed in a while. The sheets were not fitted so every time you got in bed they pulled off. Our bathtub didn't drain properly so when you took a shower you ended ankle deep in water. Our couch had a huge disgusting white stain on it - I have no idea what it was. I would not stay here again (despite the price). I travel all the time for business - and I usually stay in Holiday Inns or similar - I don't expect luxury - but I do expect a hotel to be at the least as &quot;nice&quot; as a Motel 6. I was EXTREMELY disappointed in this hotel.	
Apr 24 2005	A clean and quiet room for a price that can't be beat	This was our fourth trip to Las Vegas in the past four years, and our first time staying on Fremont Street. We picked the Las Vegas club because of the great price and the fact that it is under the Fremont Experience.The room was clean comfortable and quiet. We didn't have a view unless you count the parking garage as a view. The shower had more pressure and hot water than I could have dreamed. Room service employees were courteous. Check-in was posted at the desk for 3 pm. We showed up at 2 pm, no problem, they checked us in happily.The casino wasn't the most attractive place. The clientele appeared to be mostly locals. My wife and I preferred to do our gambling in the Nugget, 4 Queens, and Fremont Hotel. Thats the good part about Fremont Street hotels. You can walk to all the nearby casinos in a matter of minutes. Try walking to another casino if you're at the MGM Grand and you'll understand. Also, every night is a street party under the lights.We didn't eat at any of the restaurants Las Vegas Club so I can't comment on them. Restaurant prices were reasonable at the other places downtown, so I imagine they were the same here.All in all, we got what we got what we were looking for....a cheap place to stay and an experience hanging around downtown. From now on, we are going to always stay downtown, but perhaps we will try another hotel.	
Mar 29 2005	We'll be back!	1st visit to Vegas and I must admit that at first, I was disappointed not to be staying in one of the mega resorts on the Strip. But, after staying at the Las Vegas Club, I am very happy that I did. LVC was well worth the price. Our room in the North Tower was spacious, clean, and comfortable at a fantastic rate. The food at the Upper Deck Restaurant (2nd level) was not gourmet, but it was plentiful, satisfying, and inexpensive. The on site steakhouse (sorry, I forgot the name) was excellent. The dealers at the table were very helpful when I told them it was my first time. I liked the &quot;smallness&quot; of the LVC. Although I did go to the Strip to see the lights and catch a show (had to see Mamma Mia!), I very much enjoyed spending the bulk of my time and money at LVC. My friends &amp; I are planning a &quot;girls only&quot; trip to Vegas in October and have already decided to stay at LVC.	
Feb 3 2005	good bad and ugly	Back from a stay at the Las Vegas Club, it was clear the contrasting bad and good comments about this place were correct.I checked into the SOUTH TOWER and really didn't care that the roomwas the second worse I've ever seen in Vegas (Stardust back motel worse-Stardust tower rooms great). Anyways the rug was truly filthy which was as expected from the trip advisor reviews. Bathroom small with obsolescence. But the window unit heater would not emit any heat and I froze my arse off. So-- asked to pay 10 dollars more and check into NORTH TOWER. What a pleasant contrast. Room had central heat/air which worked. Room was biggest by far downtown and very clean. Best room value Ive seen downtown and would stay there again even with wife. Ate in there Gourmet room and then went back two more nights as it was unexpectedly excellent. Best house salad in town.This place is classic downtown in need of overhaul just like Binions. South tower is horrible; North tower is great for downtown-Casino rundown but good gamble. If taking a wife, Golden Nugget only place with striplike class. Alone North Tower is a top choice. Ive also stayed downtown. at Golden Gate, Plaza, Lady Luck, Binions and a favorite the 4 Queens.	
Jan 16 2005	would rather sleep on the street	I stayed here last december usually i stay on the strip but my girlfriends parents paid for our trip i would of had a lot more fun going to a gambling boat in missouri. This hotel was horrible carpet was all dirty had 3 homeless people ask me for money while i was gambling inside the casino. The slot machines were tight i lost 900$ in 2 hours playing 2 max 1$ machines. The food was no good. I was expecting a good view out of my room window upon arrival i open the curtain i see grass and a train track right outside my window. Not only will i never stay here again i will never stay dowtone again it ruined my whole vegas experience	
Jan 15 2005	Check your credit card statement - we were charged for an extra night	It's definitely a budget hotel, which we were expecting. So for the price, it was acceptable. You can barely see out the windows because they're so dirty. We were suprised to find a charge on our credit card bill upfront for 1-night's stay on the day we made the reservation (no one told us this.) I had to make several phone calls and left messages, and got no return call, but when I finally got through, they said this was standard policy. Fine. However, when we checked out, they charged us for the full stay, although we had already paid for the first night. Also, their web site shows that coffee makers are in the room, (this was huge for me) however unfortunately this is not true. They directed us to Walgreens down the street and suggested we buy one - you can't even borrow one from the hotel. Also, when we checked in, I had to sign 3 different pages, and they rushed me to sign everything before I barely read it, and they didn't give one word of explanation as to what I was signing. Apparently one form said that you agreed to use the room safe and that you are willing to pay for it. Not a big deal - it was only $1/night, but I guess given the other frustrations, it was just one more thing that made them look a little slimey.	
Jan 4 2005	Super Value in Downtown - Baby!!	Although not rated 4-Star, this hotel was a SUPER value. We booked almost eight months in advance and got our room for about $27/night! We've been going to Vegas now for 5 years and this was by far our biggest room yet. We stayed in the South Tower and rooms were clean, had comfortable beds and - get this (it was a first for us in Vegas) HOT SHOWERS! Not once did we have luke-warm water and our drain ran fine (not slow like others had reported). The breakfast specials at the DugOut Restaurant (11p.m.-6a.m.) were FABULOUS! - Yum! Plenty of things to do - decent tables and machines, just a short walk to a great movie theater (if you don't gamble), and plenty of laughs just people-watching. I must say, everyone at the hotel treated us terrific and were just as courteous and gracious as can be. WE'LL BE BACK! Thanks for a great time, LVC!Word of caution - if you don't mind hearing the Fremont show each hour on the hour (6-midnight), - It's a great way to mark the hour! If you do - just bring a set of ear plugs. The rooms are soundproofed - not the windows. A small price to pay for VEGAS BABY!	
Nov 2 2004	Stay here if you dare	Our room was in the South Tower.....later to be referred to as the South Siiidee. Floors were stained and dirty. Beds were hard. Pillows were tiny. Shower didn't drain. Toilet ran intermittently througout the night. No alarm clock. It's a good thing we weren't in Vegas to sleep. Nuff said.	
Oct 15 2004	No complaints	My sister and I usually go to Vegas 3 to 4 times a year. We have stayed in several hotels in the dowtown area and I must say that the LVC is only second to the Golden Nugget. We tried this hotel for the first time in September of this year and were very impressed with the rooms in the North Tower. Our room was very nice and clean and the weekend rate was great too ($64.00). Another plus is the easy access from the parking garage to the hotel....it is very safe. Not like some of the other ones in the downtown area. We are going back in December!!!	
Oct 13 2004	Love the Las Vegas Club	My husband and I love the Las Vegas Club. In fact we are heading out there next week w/ 4 other couples.As far as the rooms, there is nothing wrong w/them. We go to gamble an sleep when we can. We have stayed on the strip and gamble in the many casino's they don't compare to the Vegas Club. The dealers are so friendly, the pit bosses are excellent, the food is great. On the strip, the dealers are rude, they are not friendly at all. They don't make you feel at home or relaxed.So Las Vegas Club keep up the good job and we will see you all next week.	
Oct 5 2004	Great Value!	My friends and I booked a room at the Las Vegas Club through hotels. We got our two queen bed, smoking room for $119.00 a night. We stayed both Friday and Saturday night. This is a good hotel for the down town area, if you want the glitz and glamour of the strip..... stay there, but if where you stay is not as important as what you do, this is the hotel for you.We didn’t arrive until around 3:00 in the morning on Saturday, our check in was very fast, and Cyndi (who is VERY nice, and has beautiful eyes) upgraded us to the North tower, and even put us on the 14th floor. Our room was spacious with a nice view of the Freemont Experience, it also had a not so nice view of the roof tops of the other part of the casino and hotel, but the skyline and people watching made up for that.The only complaints I have about the room is that despite our do not disturb sign the housekeeping went so far as to open our door to come in and clean both days. Our tub would not drain properly, which was pretty gross. Besides that the service was EXCELLENT! I called down to see if we had a concierge service (which they don’t) but the front desk put me in touch with Freddie the bell boy who was very helpful, I was looking for a particular type of restaurant and he went as far as bringing up a flyer to our room, and didn’t even want to accept the tip I had for him. Our check out was very fast and friendly. I told the front desk we did not use the safe, and were not charged for it. As I was checking out, a patron brought up a wallet and cell phone that he had found, and the girl at the front desk went so far as to check and see if they were a guest at the hotel before turning it over to lost and found.All in all it was a great stay, and for the value, and the location I would definitely stay at the Las Vegas club again.	
Sep 28 2004	Highly recommend Las Vegas Club	I highly recommend the Las Vegas club to everyone. This was my first trip to Vegas and I had an outstanding time. I give all credit to Vegas club staff members and managment. Thank you for a memorable trip.	
Sep 14 2004	Loved the room and hotel!!!	My husband and myself stayed here August 11 through August 14, 2004. We were so happy with the our room it was very nice, clean and spacious. The staff was so friendly. What a great change. Also had the loosiest $1 slots.	
Sep 8 2004	Good stay special case though.	We visit Vegas at least twice a year, and this was our 2nd time. I knew pretty much what to expect, that the LV Club was only for the stay and perhaps a walk around Old LV, but nothing much else. Spent most of our time (95%) on the strip. Saw Mamma Mia, btw great show.Special case because we got upgraded to a Suite when our reservation was not found. But I did bring along a printout of the reservation though the online agency and they gave the upgrade because they were completely booked. Popular place, I take it. However, I cannot speak for the regular rooms.I would definely give LV Club another visit when the time arrises.	
Aug 26 2004	good joint	Great deal.Clean room good service.Cool place to stay downtown.Thank you.The casino smells like stale cigarettes and spilled drinks.Very Freemont St.It's O.K.GOOD PEOPLE.Will stay again.Regard's.Chris.Tom Waits would stay here.	
Aug 4 2004	Warm comfortable 	My husband &amp; I stay at the Vegas Club at least 6 times per year. It is a grand place to stay. I have to say the people who say it's dark and smoke filled must have smoke on the brain. This is a nicely lit casino and the air always smells fresh. Over the years we have never found friendlier or more gracious personel. It is true about the soap though and you do have to beg shampoo occationally. BUT if you ask a housekeeper for anything they respond immediately. This isn't because they &quot;know us&quot; it's been this way since our first stay 5 years ago. As far as the rooms go, it's an old hotel!!!! There are going to be some issues. The Upper Deck restaurant is pretty good but it's true they are very slow but thats because in my opinion they don't keep enough staff on to handle the crowds. They run their legs off and still stay nice and courtious. Overall this is a very nice place to stay. We just hope now that Barrick has taken it over they won't screw it up trying to compete with the casinos on the strip. It's always been a nice homey place to meet friends and have a nice relaxed and comfortable stay.	
Jul 29 2004	Winners Club	I though that this was a decent, well run hotel. It's not a four star, but it isn't a dump, either. It's a good budget range hotel located right at the beginning of the Freemont Street Experience. Our room (South Tower) was spacious and well maintained. The beds were a little hard, however. The elevator lobby area on the first floor looked at little rough, but overall, I think that the staff tried to keep up with things, and I found them more friendly than that of some of the more &quot;up scale&quot; establishments. If you're looking for in romm Jacuzzi and Plasma TV, keep on going; if you want value for cost, this is a good choice. By the way, two other pluses: Wi-Fi hot spot in the Dugout (I think that's where it is), and a excellent quality, inexpensive resturant (The Upper Deck). Also try the Main Street Station Buffett across the street. Very highly rated.	
Jul 19 2004	Never stay here!	This is by far the filthiest place I have stayed in all my life. The carpets were stained and so dirty we didn't want to take our shoes off. If it wouldn't have been so late when we arrived, we would have left. We will never stay here again!	
Jul 14 2004	I love Las Vegas Club Hotel 	I stayed at the Las Vegas Club for 10 days.. I was treated very nice. we played the keno machines and won quite a few times. The rooms were clean, the food was delicious and everyone working there were wonderful and friendly.. I highly recommend staying there. The price is right and so is the meals.. Especially the breakfast specials after 10:30 P.M. and the Prime rib daily.. Hope you try the Las Vegas Club..	
Jul 14 2004 	Double Wide Room at Single Wide Price	Rates bottom out in the off season here at under $15, if you know where to look. For that price, you get an amazing room. They're huge, comfortable, and relatively clean. It's not the newest joint around, but if you can live with that (and the little card that says &quot;please call housekeeping if you require a bar of soap for your room&quot;) then it's a great value.The casino downstairs offers fabulous freak watching, with coloful characters galore. The best time to go is between the hours of 1AM and 6AM. The food puts Sizzler to shame, and the staff nametags are vintage Vegas, with names like Trudy, Marge, and Burt. It's classic Camp for a pittance.	
Jul 14 2004	Maybe you didn't stay in the south tower	I was in Las Vegas the same time and had reservations to stay at the Las Vegas club on the 8th and 9th. We arrived shortly after midnight. The checkin staff was not informative and lost my reservations. Our room was located in the south tower. We accidently took the elevator for the other tower at first. The elevator was nice and even the hallways. Then we realized we were on the wrong side. We were then directed to the south tower elevator. The room was on the sixth floor. The room had a 1978 decor and didn't feel safe. The window was wide open the bathroom didn't look clean. The bed was almost sitting directly on the floor and came to our shins. When we sat on the bed it was if you were sitting on the floor and was the most uncomfortable mattress. I wouldn't even give this room a 1star rating. We left and stayed at the Westward Ho, which I thought had better rooms and a great location to boot.	
Jun 27 2004	It's a fun place	Las Vegas Club is the place to stay while in Las Vegas as far as I am concerned. I have stayed there more than a dozen times over the last 2 years. I have enjoyed the glamour that the strip has to offer, it is only a cab ride away but I love the atmosphere of Fremont St. The light show is amazing. The Las Vegas Club has clean rooms, good food and most importantly great customer service. I have always been treated great by everyone from the bell hop to the director of slots. This is an old hotel and it doesn't have the glitz like the rooms on the strip but it also doesn't have the price tag. I find I win more on the machines here than anywhere else and the dealers are very helpful when playing at their tables. It is a great place to stay!!!!!	
Jun 18 2004	No Problems	I was in town on business and heard about the Las Vegas Club via the Las Vegas Tourist agency on line. The price was great for a kingsize bed in the North Tower (the reviews that I read here suggested staying in the North Tower) and since I am a frugal type of guy I decided to stay here. I have no complaints about my stay, I read someone complaining about the smell, but the only bad smell that I experienced was from all the cigarette smoke which is normal for the casinos in Las Vegas and if you aren't a smoker (I am not a smoker) all cigarette smoke is terrible. Now would I stay here with my family and kids, no, but being in town by myself I would stay here again. The Upper Deck Restaurant had a great Prime Rib, but the baby Back Ribs on Wednesday night were not very good. The front desk agents were pretty along with the waitresses but the floor personnel were not. I recommend the Las Vegas Club if you are traveling by yourself, but not with a family.	
May 11 2004	JUST LIKE HOME	I have been coming to Las Vegas for the last 4 years and have stayed in very exclusive hotels on the strip. The Las Vegas Club has been my favorite, by far. It is now the only place I will stay. When I walk through the lobby, I feel at home. The staff and casino crew always make me feel welcome and strive to do their very best at meeting all of our needs.	
May 8 2004	Loved the club!!!!!!!!!	In April of this year a group of 8 women stayed at the Las Vegas Club for 8 nights. We were treated exceptionaly well. The staff (chamber maids, waitresses, hostesses, and dining room) were wonderful. The director of slot operations, Freddie Maatouk was very helpful and made us feel welcome and treated us with great respect. The 24 hour restaurant thanks to Mark Bucher, director of food and beverage, served us with great food. The rooms were very clean. The linens and blankets were clean and well kept. We were given whatever we asked for i.e. hair dryers, soap, shampoo, clean towels etc. It was a very homey atmosphere and we felt very comfortable and safe. As a matter of fact , when we toured the strip we were anxious to get back to the Las Vegas Club which we began to call home. We all agreed that any other trips we made to Las Vegas we would definately be staying at the Las Vegas Club! Thank you Freddie Maatouk, Mark Bucher, and the entire staff for making our trip so enjoyable. 	
Apr 20 2004	Loved It!!	Stayed at the Las Vegas Club with a charter group for one week and loved it!! The entire staff was exceptionally friendly and courteous, the Upper Deck offered great food at unbelievable prices, the hotel rooms were clean and comfortable (with the exception of slow draining bathtub on the 8th floor of the South Tower, a small inconvenience compared to the pleasant stay), and the atmosphere was always welcoming! I would definitely elect to stay there again on a future charter group trip!! A memorable experience to say the least!!	
Apr 5 2004	Vegas Club	About what I expected, Not Bad, not Plush but adequate. The room in North Tower was large and clean. Burns on carpet. The sheets were chang ed daily for 5 days. Towels were plentiful and large. Bar soap was provided as requested. It was very quiet. No view except ajoning tower wall. The casion rug was dirty and not as clean as the strip. We enjoyed the location downtown because not as much walking as on the strip. Plenty of cheap food nearby and some fair shows.	
Mar 26 2004	slow cookin'	Sookie's Haw'n something or other...needs help in the seasoning of their food. The Upper Deck...very slow..Meat was overcooked. And yes, it took a good 2 hrs. to get out of there. But, the employees were great, friendly, smiles, etc. I think the kitchen cannot keep up with the increased amount of patrons. They need a larger kitchen and more cooks. So, Barrick Corp....give them a bigger kitchen !!!!	
Mar 23 2004	Had fun	We had a good time but only after some problems. A mis- comunication between the travel agency and the Las Vegas Club had us staying only two days instead of the four we had paid for. I had called the travel agency three times before we left home to be sure all was okay and they assured me everything was taken care of. The room left something to be desired as there was a very large spot on the carpet, otherwise things were satisfactory. You can't expect too much for the low cost that we were paying. Everyone was extremly helpfull. But I'm not sure if I would do business with Travelworm again.	
Mar 13 2004	Love it... Priced Great. They make you feel welcome. Stay at LVC at least 3 weeks out of the year.	Great. Reasonably prices. Staff very friendly. Breakfast specials are great. Across the street from one the best buffets in Vegas - Main Street Station. Rooms are clean. We stay at LVC about 4 times a year.	
Mar 11 2004 	Great place to stay.	We stay at the Las Vegas Club 2 times a year. If you are budget minded this hotel is great. The rooms are large and clean, the food is good and they also give us great service. I play the slots till 4 am an I feel secure here. It is not Mirage, but for the money their is not a better place to stay in Las Vegas.	
Mar 5 2004	It was pretty bad...	We got a pretty good rate at the LV Club hotel when all other hotels were too pricey or booked: now I know why. As a frequent Las Vegas traveler, the Las Vegas Club hotel was the worst hotel I have stayed in. It's smokey and dark, the room was a joke: it's very old, stained chairs/carpet, no iron, hairdryer or anything extra. The bed was a rock. You could hear everything from outside. There wasn't even bar soap. You have to ask for it specifically. We were able to have a small refrigerator brought up, so that was impressive. As a non-smoking room, it stunk like smoke from the bad air circulation. Couldn't wait to get out of there.	
Feb 25 2004	Not bad at all.	This was the very first time that I have stayed in the Freemont area. Since I was traveling alone, I picked the Las Vegas Club based on the reviews and the price. I stayed in the older section which was fine. The non smoking room was huge and clean and I got a fantastic price. (29.00 a night).I found the staff to be very hospitable and I would return again. If you are looking for luxury - look elsewhere, but if you want a clean safe room. This was perfect for me.	
Feb 24 2004	Never again!	This was our first trip to Vegas in 20 years and we're very excited. We knew we were booking a cheap package, but not that cheap. The only good thing about this hotel was being able to get a non-smoking room as we requested. The down fall, that smoke smells came in through the vents and under the door. Both my wife and I got a rash after sleeping on the bed for 2 nights. The bathroom never drained, our sink took long to drain and the shower took over an hour every night to fully drain. The casino was kept filthy! during the evening hours you either had to clean off cigarette ash and butt from the machines to touch the bottons or clear away cups and beer bottles. We found other casinos more inviting and cleaner. When we won on some slot machines we had to wait for long periods for some to come up with the money to cash out. Never again, it is worth the extra money to stay somewhere else. Don't even get me started on the resturants, our waitress' hair dangled in the food plates as she carried the tray to your table! yuck.......	
Feb 23 2004	an oasis in the dessert	I love the Las Vegas Club and have stayed there approximately 5 separate times in the past 3 years, WE have always had a room in the north tower, non smoking, i describe the view that i like and the staff has always accomadated me. I have gone with my 80 year old mother, my husband and one time with a friend. I always feel safe and secure, it is small, easy to get to the casino, hotel personnel are friendly, i seem lucky there also, my mother did not mind going up to the room alone and was never scared that she would be lost. As for the food, I have never had anything bad, from the hot dog stand to any of the other eating facilities. My only complaint is that the drink service is slow and I only drink water and juices.	
Feb 18 2004	Ehh?	This was my first trip to Vegas and all trip arrangements were made for me, as I had no knowledge of what to expect I was kinda open for anything. Knowing that is was downtown and a cheap place to stay I wasn't expecting much, but was a little disappointed overall. I'm a non-smoker(bad place to be) and found Las Vegas Club to be smokier and much harder to breath clear in than any other casino or hotel we visited or traveled to. I was let down overall, I've stayed at friendlier, cleaner and over all nicer budget inns, and it will not be likely that I'll stay at Las Vegas Club again. It all seemed very dirty to me, old is okay, dirty is not	
Feb 11 2004	poor treatment at the tables	I go to Vegas once a year for the Superbowl. I like to play the blackjack tables and hit the $25 min table at this club. I was the only one playing this table so my wife sat down next to me. We enjoyed a few drinks while I gambled and I was lucky and started winning. A pit boss came over and asked if I would like one of their players cards, I said no thank you and continued to play. After an incredible run I was up $850. At that time the pit boss came over and told my wife she couldn't sit there because she wasn't gambling. We had been there for an hour and still we were the only ones at the table. I protested and cashed out. They treat you great when your losing but harrass you if you win. thats no fun!!	
Jan 30 2004	a man's gotta eat	the food was absolutely sub-standard..every meal was overcooked! and each meal took an average of two hours-as the facilities was limited and service was so slow. The only blight to an otherwise wonderful experience at the Vegas Club!	
Jan 28 2004	My favorite place to stay............	I have been going to Vegas for 36 years. I have stayed in all the &quot;better&quot; hotels. For the money, service, proximity, friendliness and the overall feeling of safety, this is my absolute favorite place to stay and play. The rooms are adequate and my special requests are always honored. Check in and out is a breeze. When I want to retire for the evening and my husband wants to keep playing I always feel safe in going back to the Las Vegas Club. To me, it feels like home.	
Jan 16 2004	You get what you pay for...	We wanted to spend one night of our Jan '04 Vegas holiday downtown, and the Las Vegas Club had some of the cheapest rates going. For $25 we had a room booked for a Sunday night, and based on reviews here we had reasonable expectations.When we checked in at around 5.30pm, we were told there were no king non-smoking rooms available - although that was what we'd booked - and would we take two queens instead? Not our first choice, but okay, we're flexible... We then asked for a North Tower room, knowing they were nicer than the South Tower ones, but alas, our cheap rate applied to the South Tower only. The next disappointment was finding that we would be on the second floor - ie. level with an adjacent roof, with no view except of that roof. You never feel quite as safe when someone can walk up to your window... but like I said, we're not overly fussy and didn't really want to make waves. It was one night and it was dirt cheap and we just wanted to get to the room.The room itself was adequate. Quite large, but getting a bit ratty around the edges. Marks on the carpet, beds with scuffed and stained bases, a chipped table. Older style bathroom with scratchy towels. Housekeeping had done an okay job of cleaning, but you can't remove all the signs of wear and tear.None of which is intended as a major complaint... we knew the hotel was older, we knew the South Tower rooms weren't as nice, we were prepared for a few scratches and scrapes. Downtown was interesting, and I understand why people like it, but I think we're Strip people at heart - so we'd be unlikely to stay at the LVC again. For the same money, we could have had another night at the Stratosphere, which was much newer and nicer - with friendlier staff.	
Dec 23 2003	wonderful	this was my first trip back after my husbands death, i felt at home in the vegas club; as always they are friendly and sweet people , as always the room was great; as always i will return again in the future, thanks for the vacation, i needed it fran howard	
Nov 30 2003	Great Room 	Spent 7 days at the Las Vegas Club and found it to be a great experience! I usually stay at the Golden Nugget when my employer is paying, but this trip I was paying my own way and decided to save some money. Check in was very fast and efficient and counter person was very friendly! I was in the North Tower room number 1125. Room was huge, quiet and comfortable! Room had 1 King bed, Sofa with 2 chairs and coffee table, and a great desk for my laptop computer. Room was clean odor free. Only minor complaint was that the bathroom was quite small. Very easy walk from the room to casino and parking garage. I will defiantly be staying there again.	
Nov 6 2003	Great place to stay in Vegas!!!	I booked a last minute trip to Las Vegas to celebrate my friend's birthday. Well, I initially told him I couldn't make it because I couldn't afford the weekend rates hotels charge on the strip. But then, after a little bit of internet research, I found the Las Vegas Club Hotel, located right on the Fremont Experience!! $27 for a Saturday night, $19/night for Sunday and Monday! I couldn't believe it! One thing I liked about the place was that it was easy to find my way out, not like the maze that the larger hotels tend to have to intentionally keep people from leaving.	
Oct 17 2003	Not Unhappy	Fantastic location if you want to spend a day or two enjoying the downtwn area. We had big problems with keys that didn't work. Other guest were having the same issue. But they claimed it was only a temporary problem and it was fixed by the second day. The lobby and casino area were a little to dirty for my taste. The sports book didn't have enough comfortable chairs. At many of the BJ tables you could not double after splitting. The dealers were extremely friendly and the drinks were quick and refreshing. Good specials and quality at the sports themed restaurant on the second floor. We stayed in the North Tower and the rooms were clean and quite nice. Plus they were very handy to the casino. We were comped rooms, food and drinks but we played alot of video poker and blackjack ($20 to $30/hand). Not crowded-quick elevators-effecient valet-cheap--what's not to like. But we all think the Plaza is still our favorite.	
Sep 23 2003	Great place great price!		
Aug 23 2003	neutral		
Aug 18 2003	Wonderfull Room		
Aug 16 2003	Unique		
Aug 13 2003	Nice stay		
Aug 11 2003	Join the Club		
Mar 31 2003	Wonderful!		
Feb 8 2003	a main attraction all it's own		
Jan 21 2003	worth every penny		
Dec 28 2002	More Than Expected		
Dec 28 2002	??????????		
Aug 12 2008 	??????		
Sep 18 2007 	correct pour une nuit		
