	Perfect Strip location	You cannot beat this hotel for the price and location. On the Strip, on the corner across from Caesar and Bally's and caddie corner from the fountians of Bellagio. We watched the fountians from our room for about $60 a night. This hotel use to be the Barbary Coast. It is about 4 stories tall and one of the oldest on the strip. The rooms have been updated since Harrah's took over in 2007, but it still has that antique feel. The casino is small, three tables located at the front door is their &quot;poker room&quot;. Waitresses came by constantly with free drinks in the casino, even at the cheap machines. We prefer larger casinos but had some luck at their casino, It may not be a great casino, but it has a great location and is a great place to stay. The breakfast is good too.	
	Brilliant location ... loved the place!	We planned our Vegas trip over a year ago and started sifting through pages and pages of hotel reviews to try and find the best place to stay. We looked at the highly priced options (my partner really wanted to stay at The Venetian, but we couldn't get a good deal for the time we were visiting). Then we started looking at the highly rated options, and Bill's came to the top, time and time again. We checked the prices and couldn't believe how low the cost would be for a hotel located in the centre of the Vegas Strip, opposite Caesar's, Bellagio, Bally's and The Paris. It seemed too good to be true, but we couldn't resist. Bill's did not disappoint. Obviously Bill's does not have the grandeur of Bellagio's lobby, the amazing shows of Caesar's or the magnificence of Paris' ornate buildings, charming Parisien streets and the half size replica of the Eiffel Tower. However, Bill's is only a few steps away from all of this - you can have it all. Our room was a double queen sized and we upgraded at check in to get a Strip view - which was the best $20 a night we could have spent. We overlooked Bellagio's fountains and it was a delight everytime they danced to a variety of different musical styles. We also had a great view of the Eiffel Tower from our room. The room was clean, and regularly serviced. For those who need it, the 40&quot; plus sized TV is hung on the wall with all the tv and pay per view you need (we didn't switch it on at all - the Eiffel Tower and fountains were enough for us). Bill's is famous for their Steakhouse restaurant (they even have a $5.99 Steak &amp; Eggs deal from midnight to 8am ... we never got the chance to try it out, but we spoke to several people who had been to the Steakhouse and loved it (these people came from some of the big hotels on the Strip). We did eat in the Victorian Restaurant, which is very popular - basic quick meals and a Chinese menu on top of that. We enjoyed our food before strolling over to Caesar's to see Cher in concert. No need for a taxi. There is a coffee bar (Seattle's Best) open long hours - I managed to get my much needed java before our early start for The Grand Canyon - at 5:30am! Drai's after hours lounge was highly recommended to us by our Red Rock Canyon tour guide as being one of the best in the city (we didn't have the stamina to try it out though). Caught one of the Big Elvis shows (a 300 pound Elvis impersonator) - he was awesome! Later the same day we heard a guest belting out a Phantom Of The Opera song in the Karaoke bar - he was amazing and it was hard to believe he wasn't professional - the atmosphere there was electric and good fun was had by all. In summary - as you have probably gathered - I am a big fan of Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon. If you need a swimming pool and/or fitness centre you have to walk to the neighbouring Flamingo hotel. I have stayed at some of the finest hotels around the world, and yet me and my fellow travellers agreed we would stay at Bill's on our next Vegas visit. By the way, for those of you who wrote about poor service at Bill's I don't know where you got that from - everyone was so welcoming and friendly. It can be quite noisy at night (lots of sirens and car horns all through the night) so if you are a light sleeper you will need earplugs. If you want a great location and a great deal I would definitely recommend Bill's.	
	Choose Bill's if you're on a budget!!	I stayed here from 11/26-11/29. Here's the deal: If you can afford to stay at the Bellagio or Caesar's...do it. Both are perfectly centered on the strip and absolutely beautiful inside! However, if you are like me and can't afford a room for $250+ a night, definitely choose Bill's. It's not beautiful, but it's really chill with an old Vegas kind of charm. And of course, it's an amazing/excellent location. I had a room with a partial strip view which was the top of the Eiffel tower, some of the fountains and some of the strip- very cool! And we didn't have ANY street noise (room 138) and they didn't charge us extra for this room. Big king bed, very roomy, nice little vanity I claimed for myself and a huge flat screen TV. I would MUCH rather choose to stay at Bill's than the Flamingo, Harrah's or Imperial...their prices/location are equivalent but they are SOOO tacky! I mean, basically just ugly and lame. There's not much going on inside and they seem old and weird. Similar to Excalibur, Circus Circus, etc. They are all just tacky and cheap. There's a difference between &quot;inexpensive&quot; and &quot;cheap&quot;. Bill's is inexpensive. Plus, at least with Bill's it's got a nifty charm, you can get to your room in a snap, location is brilliant and Big Elvis headlines during the week. A few cons: 1. we couldn't get the temperature too warm, had to keep fiddling with the thermostat. 2. no real quilt on the bed...bring your own and you'll be fine. (although, you can probably ask for a thicker blanket) 3. water in the shower tends to not go down the drain very well BUT the water pressure and cool window in shower totally make up for it! The Victorian restaurant had GREAT breakfast for cheap. Yum. We didn't eat there for dinner but I highly recommend the breakfast.Really, people, choose Bill's if you can't afford the pricier hotels. You won't be disappointed.	
	Location Location Location!	4 of us stayed at Bill's 21-27 November 2009.We arrived mid afternoon, cab drops you off on Flamingo, 5 second walk to check-in. Check-in - no line, no wait &amp; the receptionist even knew my name! We got rooms 222 &amp; 216. I was in 216. It was a partial strip view, which is free, a strip view is an extra $20 a night. As you can see from the photo it's a brilliant view, eiffel tower &amp; bellagio fountains, not sure a 'proper' strip view is needed! Rooms are large, comfy bed, clean, iron &amp; ironing board - everything you need. Only downside was that there were roadworks right outside our room so it was noisy. However, earplugs sorted that out! And then exhaustion sorted it out the rest of the trip!We didn't do much gambling at Bills but it's worth joining the players club as we still got a free t-shirt &amp; $16 off our hotel bill. Casino is a bit smokey but no worse than others. I think coming from England where smoking indoors is banned it's more noticiable as we're no longer used to it!Had coffee every morning from Seattles Best Coffee in the hotel - good stuff. We also had breakfast in the Victorian Room one morning - really, really good eggs benedict. Loved the location - for the price (we paid $280 + tax for 6 nights) you cannot beat this hotel.	
	Perfect location a great time had by all.	This was our 1st visit to Vegas and we stayed here along with others for a week + in October having looked at several other Hotels. We made a fantastic choice in that the location and service were even better than expected. We were booked into room 420 which has a great view of the Eiffel Tower and a very good view of the Bellagio fountains. The size of the room was more than enough for us (2 adults and 1 child) and the bathroom layout worked perfectly for us with the separate dressing room with sink. We did also up-grade the last couple of nights to a 1 bedroom suite, which is highly recommended. In between we stayed in a Penthouse lake view suite at the Bellagio (this was booked from the UK prior to our departure as a celebration) but still say that the intimate feel of Bills would be where we would return to. The 'award winning' Victorian restaurant is exactly as others described (as are the constant references!) with fair quality food and not overpriced.The casino staff, on the whole, were extremely pleasant (no, I made a loss!) and the reception / concierge service was first class.As for noise, if you have a room overlooking the strip expect some...but it isn't much of a problem as long as you expect it and certainly doesn't warrant anybody complaining. Like any major city, if you stay in a room overlooking a tourist site it won't be perfectly quiet.For the price and the location alone I would recommend Bills, throw in the rest and I would say this is a real bargain.	
Nov 25 2009 	The best location for a low price...the rooms aren't bad either.	The location is absolutely wonderful. Bill's is situated across the strip from Caesar's, kitty-corner from the Belagio, and pretty much on the center of the strip. However, the rates for this hotel are about half what you would pay at Caesar's, and a much smaller fraction of Belagio's rates. Therefore it makes a perfect base for exploring the North or South ends of the strip.The rooms are nicely appointed and clean. The beds are comfortable. The shower was one of the best hotel showers I have experienced - excellent water pressure and temperature. There is even a stained glass window in the shower. It is not your typical hotel shower by any means. It is a great way to wake up after a night on the strip!The Casino and restaurants at Bill's are not a reason to stay there (I recommend checking out &quot;Big Elvis&quot; if you can though), but it is so close to many &quot;mega Casinos&quot; that it is not a long walk to almost any restaurant/casino on the strip.The hotel staff aren't wonderful, but at around $40 a night, I'm not complaining. Overall, it is a great value. You will pay $40-$50 or so, but will not feel like you are staying in a $40 hotel.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great location-old but clean	Pros-Room was spacious, flat screen TV very nice, beds and pillows were very comfortable, Check in/out was simple and quick. I asked for room with a view at time of booking when I arrived was told this was $20.00/night extra, I paid it. (Was it worth it-- not sure) The staff was very gracious. Self parking (free) was a breeze, quick access to elevator. Cons- The room faced the Bellagio fountains, IF the window had been clean would have been able to see them., and the noise of the strip was annoying., we were on the 4th floor. The bathrooom lacks an exhaust fan, but at least there is a window that will open. The building is out dated, carpets clean but worn. Not sure if I would stay there again, but for a place on the strip great location, and in comparison -cheap rates it is worth it.	
Nov 20 2009	Can't be beat!	I just returned from a Vegas trip with my mom. We both liked Bill's! It is the perfect location and a great price. The casino can get very smokey but they usually leave the main doors open and once you get to the rooms we didn't notice it at all. Our room was large and faced The Flamingo. It was a bit noisey at night but we ran the heater so that drowned out some of it. It is great to come back to your hotel at the end of the night and not have to walk miles to get to your room. We did take in part of the Big Elvis Show ( free ) and wished we could have stayed longer. He was wonderful!! The 99 cent Margaritas were small but strong!I am a travel agent and would reccommend Bill's to my clients. Depending on what they were looking for. If you are wanting a great location, great price and are wanting a clean room, this is the place!	
Nov 19 2009 	Great hotel	This was my second stay at Bill's and I love this place. Great location and the price is amazing for the location. It's a small hotel which is a real plus after a long day walking the Strip. Not having another long trek through the hotel to get back to your room will make your feet truly grateful.The only complaint I had about my stay there is that the internet connection was erratic. It kept cutting out on me which is pretty annoying for a service you have to pay extra for. Cocktail service was also slower than it used to be but that seems to be common nearly everywhere now. It seems like everywhere has cut back on their waitresses.Outside of these minor problems, it was a great stay. I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent	Beautiful room, great views, and inexpensive! They also make the strongest free drinks you will find on the strip. I highly recommend Bill's.	
Nov 17 2009 	Budget Hotel in the expensive part of the strip	Bill's Gamblin Hall - only found this place thanks to tripadvisor and booked with expedia, I paid £299 for 4 nights which was a bargain for the centre of the strip, when you consider that Caesars is opposite and your looking at about £100 a night!The hotel itself is fairly simple, the rooms are a good size but not huge but the 42&quot; tv is a nice thing to have in a budget hotel and the interaction we had with the staff was always polite.If you are looking for a movie like vegas experience then you wont get too much excess here, for the price you pay you get a comfortable clean room and a hotel with a small casino which is nice for those of us who aren't experience gamblers. Obviously the key ingredient with any hotel booking is the location and this place is the top dog for location, opposite Caesars and The bellagio, we had a room facing Bally's so we didn't get much of the noise from the strip.Make sure you try the all you can eat chinese restaurant in the hotel, for $10 we had a fantastic sweet and sour meal which filled me up after one plate (and I'm no lightweight when it comes to buffets!)Book Bill's - you wont regret it	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Location Great party environment	Great Value, your not going to get comped much, but this place is about value. Its a fun place, good drink service, decent variety of games considering the size of the casino. The poker there is just terrible, but considering location, quality of rooms you just cant beat this place on a budget.	
Nov 15 2009 	Value for money	We stayed at Bills for 3 nights. The hotel is great value for money, the rooms were bigger then I thought and very clean. The plasma telly is a great bonus too! The service was great and they were very friendly. Bills is right smack bang in the middle of the strip and it is within walking distance of all the major casinos. We had a lovely time and would definately stay there again.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great location	Bills is in a fantastic location on the strip opposite Ceasers Palace. We got a fantastic deal (A$60 a night) which was value for money for this location. Rooms were spotless, good size but bathroom a little small. The only negative staying at this address was the noisefrom Flamingo Hotel next door. Would definitely return but ask for a room on south side near Ballys. An added bonus was having half tix in Bills.	
Nov 12 2009 	Good Value But....	I stayed at Bill's from Nov. 8-11, 2009. I had booked a room a month earlier and requested a room with a view of the Strip. When I arrived, they indeed had a room with a view available if I upgraded for an extra $20 a night. I wasn't happy about that but decided to pay the extra $20 per night. The room on the third floor near the Strip did have an incredible view but it came at a cost. The noise from traffic was constant and kept me awake all night. Running the AC helped with drowning out the traffic noise but not completely. The room was nice and clean. Bottom line, you cannot beat the location but if you stay there, request a room on the back side of the hotel away from the street noise or bring ear plugs for rooms with a view.	
Nov 11 2009 	Big Budget Feel Low Budget Price	This was without a doubt the most intriguing hotel we’ve ever had the pleasure of staying in. If you’ve read my other Las Vegas Hotel reviews, you know that my lady and I are slowly trying to stay at every hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. That’s no easy feat when we both work full time, but we plan on being together for a long time…I say this hotel was intriguing because I only “kinda” knew where it was. I knew it was near Harrah’s and Bally’s, but I could remember ever seeing it. I knew it must have been a pretty small hotel since there were only about three floors. However in the midst of all those super hotels around it, Bill’s Gamblin’ Hall and Saloon was ranked among the top 20 hotels on the strip! I had no idea how a hotel that small, across the street from the Bellagio and Caesar’s Palace could be ranked that high…then we got there.This hotel is both off the grid and in your face at the same time. It’s tucked away across the street from Bally’s and offers more than meets the eye. Check-in was swift and friendly and we found our room with ease. The motif is a Wild West Saloon with all the cowboy gear and animal heads you might expect from a Texas style steakhouse. The room was also very old west styled, but done in a very subtle enjoyable way. Not too imposing or over done, just right to where you’re not afraid to touch anything. The room had a huge flat screen TV along with all the usual amenities you’d expect. The view was one thing that stuck out in my mind above all. We didn’t ask for anything special as far as our room, and I don’t think we got anything extra, but from our room we could see the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower! It was a one of a kind bird’s eye view of these two signature, outdoor Las Vegas attractions. The floor to ceiling window gave us a view of the strip we certainly didn’t expect from this modest hotel. We didn’t eat at the restaurant, but we did have some fun at the karaoke bar. It’s not a huge deal, I’m sure lots of places in Las Vegas have them, but for some reason I haven’t seen a lot of karaoke bars around. This one wasn’t anything special, but we had a great time. The hotel itself was great, but not tremendously memorable. I think our favorite thing was the location. You set foot outside Bill’s and the entire center strip area is instantly a short walk away. For the location, the price is unbeatable making Bill’s a triple threat: location, price and fun! The only downside to our visit is that we were quickly shuffled out right at 11:00 AM. We tend to count on sleeping in the morning we leave, but this time we weren’t able to lounge about with a late check out. Needless to say, the Mrs. was not pleased. It’s come to the point where we don’t even think about whether or not we can stay till 12:00 or even 1:00, cutting an hour off of that was uncool! It put a bit of a damper on the end of our trip, but it didn’t take away from the great time we had.I highly recommend Bill’s Gamblin’ Hall if you’re traveling on a budget and enjoy the center strip atmosphere!	
Nov 11 2009 	Great place to gamble should've stayed here	Myself and a friend were in Vegas in Oct and went to most of the casinos. Bill's has a great atmosphere that you feel comfortable in. The dealers were friendly and happy to show us new comers how to play the different games. The free drink service was quite good but it did take the girls a while to get round. I would consider staying here if I ever got back to Vegas due to its central location on the strip.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Place to Stay in Vegas!!!!	I travelled with my partner to Vegas for the first time in October and we managed to get a room at Bill's for 1 week for approx $780....money worth spent!!Bill's is has a great location situated between the Flamingo hotel and Bally's. My partner and I love to walk around (mind you we take our time) and it took us approx 25min to walk to MGM Grand from Bill's.The staff were very nice and accomodating - we had a third person stay and we paid for a roll away cot for an extra $20. The Bell Desk will help you get tours/taxi's etc.The room was very nice and we had an amazing view for &quot;Paris&quot; and the Bellagio Foutains. We were also able to use the Flamingo's Gym ($10) and the pool/jacuzzi (free).Bill's is very simple - just a casino downstairs with kareoke each night/band/elvis performances and 99cent margaritas!! They also have a Half Ticket Booth - you can buy show tickets for half the price if you go on the same day! We saved so much money on shows (eg cirque de soleil was $113 each but we bought them for $70 each at the Half Price Tix place) The line can be a bit long so its better to get there early on opening time (10am) or later in the pm (3ish). There is also another Half Price Tix place at the &quot;Hawaiian Place&quot; (just after the harley davidson cafe) which was never busy.If you're not too fussed about where you stay - Bill's is an inexpensive way to stay in Vegas...You are able to go into each of the different Hotel's anyway to have a look around.We enjoyed our stay at Bill's and would definatly come back!!	
Nov 9 2009 	A very good hotel conveniently placed right in the middle of the Strip	The rooms at Bill's are large and very clean. Ours had a view of the fountains of the Bellagio which is opposite. We didn't gamble as we were only staying one night prior to flying out from Las Vegas the next day so can't really say anything about that. We did have a 99 cent margareta at the bar after exhausting ourselves walking up and down the strip. We also didn't eat at Bill's so can't say anything about the food. The desk sorted out transport to the airport for us which arrived reasonably promptly the next morning. Bills has an excellent location on the strip and is very good value for money as you could pay a lot more without getting anything better.	
Nov 8 2009 	Amazing value hotel at a prime location on the Las Vegas Strip	This was my third visit to Las Vegas and I thought I would give Bill’s a shot, having heard good things about it on Trip Advisor and noticing it’s great location at the centre of the Strip on my previous trips to Sin City. I was not disappointed. The room was clean, spacious, included a bath and overhead shower, large walk-in wardrobe, and nice 42-inch large flat-screen TV. The bed was huge and very comfortable. I asked for a room with a partial view of the strip (not a strip-view room). As you can see from my video and photos, this was excellent, especially for the low price I paid (around $30 per night) – it was possible to see the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower across the road at Paris. The rooms included double-glazed windows so the street noise was not a distraction. Nor was it possible to hear people in the other rooms. The location of Bill’s is perfect – it is mid-Strip so easy to explore either way. Importantly, it is a lot cheaper than the surrounding hotels like Bellagio, Paris, Caesar’s Palace and the Flamingo.I would certainly stay at Bill’s again, especially considering the room rate is at least half of what is for any other hotel in the same location!	
Nov 8 2009 	Love this place!	It had been several years since we stayed at Bill's - back when it was The Barbary Coast Hotel. We liked it then and now that it has been renovated, it is even more cozy.It has the best spot on the strip - right in the middle of everything - and nice, large rooms. We like the separate shower/toilet combinations and the views of the strip, including the Bellagio fountains. There are no gimmicks here - just a nice clean place to stay with several great restaurants on site. (we were a little chargrined at having to pay more - $20. per night - upon arrival for &quot;a room with a view&quot; - that did not happen previously)We were there for five nights this trip and will definitely return when our next trip to Vegas looms. You cannot beat this place for comfort and reasonable prices (even though we had to pay for a view!). The staff was cordial and we felt well taken care of and safe.	
Nov 7 2009 	Don't I repeat DON'T stay here! Worst mistake of our entire trip.	We arrived at midnight to Bills which is smack bang in the middle of the strip, and were greeted with a cloud of cigarette smoke as we walked in the side entrance near reception. We waited 10 minutes before someone came to the front desk to check us in. We went up to our room on the 2nd floor to find we had been allocated a room with 2 queen beds - not the one king bed that we had booked. Surprisingly it was quiet! The beds were old and fell down on the edges meaning you could only sleep in the middle - but the middle also sunk down - not comfortable at all, but the least of our worries. The room had a massive TV, old worn out decor, a strange bathroom/closet, and a small window with a grille on it. The carpet clearly had not been cleaned in years, and my socks ended up extremely dirty from just walking on it. The 'non-smoking' room was clearly a smoking room, as it stunk of stale cigarette smoke, and had a general old musty smell. In the morning we tried to shower, but instead of having a shower ended up being immersed in a bath half full of water. Clearly the bath did not drain. We complained about it at reception and were told it was unusual and assured they would get the engineer to have a look. The next morning when we went to have a shower, guess what? The bath fails to drain again and ends up filled with water. Again we went down to reception and complained, and were told that the maintenance log showed that the an attendant had been to our room and 'fixed' the draining issued. The receptionist also added that most of the bathrooms in the hotel had the same issue, and that we shouldn't expect any better from a 30 year old hotel! As the staff couldn't guarantee that this would not happen in another room, we decided to check out, absolutely fuming by this stage. We found another hotel nearby for a comparable price for the rest of our stay - the other hotel was fantastic and of course all the facilities worked! We enjoyed the rest of our stay, and think that staying at Bills Gambling Hall &amp; Casino was the worst decision we made in our entire trip to the USA. Never ever would I recommend it.Oh, and on one last thing, Bills charged a random sum of money of approx $300 to our credit card at some stage during our 2 night stay with them - they have still not refunded the money stating that they are unaware of the charge. The approx $300 neither reflects the initial deposit amount nor what should have been the total figure if we were to have stayed the full duration of our original booking. The charge was clearly identified as 'Bills Gamblin Hall' - exactly the same as the initial deposit. Of course it is being disputed.They are just slimy, please, please please stay away!	
Nov 4 2009 	Just average.	Oh, Bill's Gambling Hall. Check-in was pretty quick and painless. There was virtually no line. I checked in super early at 11am (I had just finished a drive from LA and overestimated my ETA to the hotel), but they had no rooms available and told me that they had placed a rush order for my room and to come back at 1230pm. I came back at 130pm after picking up my sweetie from the airport and sure I was speedily given a key to my room. Btw, parking was a breeze. Lots of ample parking spots when I arrived.I had originally booked a nonsmoking king but they gave me two queens. Hmm...is something wrong here? Better yet, there was a caulking gun and paint bucket in my room. It looked like someone was in the middle of doing some touch-ups and forget to take their things away. I called the front desk and explained the problem, and after a brief shuffle, they moved me to another nonsmoking double queen room, which smelled heavily of smoke. Our beds did not have the same consistency; one bed was rock hard and the other bed was averagely average. We didn't bother calling the front desk again and decided to grin and bear with it, as we were only to stay for just a night. I was pretty worried about the noise level outside of the hotel because it is right next to Harrah's, but I was surprised how quiet it was. We were situated on the &quot;1st&quot; floor, which was, in reality, the 5th floor of the hotel. I slept pretty well on our average bed, so I was happy about that. Overall, the room was decent and designed for th budget minded. The bathroom was divided a bit weirdly, but the basics were covered: towels, shampoo, soap, cups, hairdryer, and a clothes rack (what the heck?). The large flat-screen TV was a nice addition in the room, but hey, it's just a TV. The casino was very small, which I kind of liked because you can never got lost in it. It is a lot smokier than other casinos because the ceilings aren't that high and aren't well ventilated. However, the casino is right next to the two entrances of the establishment, so that's basically the only ventilation for the casino. I'm torn. It is a decent, budget hotel--save for a few inconsistencies in my experience--in an excellent location (right in the middle of the strip), but it really needs to be renovated. I can't say much about customer service, but I can say that I was treated well and the people at the front desk were friendly and accommodating upon check-in. Overall, this establishment is just average. I don't think I'd stay here again. I'd rather pay a few bucks more for a smoother check-in, better beds, and amenities.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Value and Location	You can't beat the location of this hotel, right in the middle of the strip and there is a walkway over the road to Caesar's. It's also right next to the Flamingo, where apparently Bill's guests are allowed to use the pool facilities. We didn't test that out but we did walk around the Flamingo grounds and they are lovely. What I really loved about Bill's is that it is small! You don't have to trek through a giant lobby and casino, just walk in and the elevator is right there, and the parking garage is a short walk too. Our room was clean, comfortable, and surprisingly large with a huge flat screen TV. We even had a partial view of the Bellagio fountains. All the staff we dealt with were friendly and helpful. We never had to wait more that a couple of minutes at the front desk.The only real down side is that the hotel is on a very busy intersection so the traffic noise could be a problem. I slept with earplugs but at least a couple of times a night I would hear sirens going past. Maybe the rooms at the back on the Flamingo side are quieter. Anyway, it wasn't a big deal and it wouldn't stop me from staying here again or recommending it. Make sure you check out all the beautiful stained glass! There was even a small, functional (i.e. it opened) stained-glass window in our bathroom.	
Nov 1 2009 	Have never stayed anywhere else	It is just too close to everything to not stay here... easy access to everything... 2 min walk from parkade to your room... from your room to the casino... no line-ups at check in or to get on and off of the elevator... Mike the bellman ROCKS	
Oct 29 2009 	great locationhuge rooms	stayed here for 3 nights and the location is fantasticas its in the middle of all the action. we used the flamingo pool which is huge but does get a little crowded. the rooms were large and the beds very comfortable. The casino has a rustic charm of casinos of yesterday. it was great being in a smaller casino where you could get in/out of your room quickly. Free parking was included.	
Oct 28 2009 	Amazing mid-week room for $80	Great room with a view of the strip. I wanted to stay for the weekend too, but due to late booking the rate went up to $150+ and I moved.Super location, absolutely central as much as Bellagio or Caesar's Palace. Book early and you'll be very happy with this hotel.Not going to impress people like the Bellagio, but are you made of money or something?!! :) I don't know why people would spend $450 at the Wynn when you can have this for $80. I guess they have too much cash!	
Oct 27 2009 	Can't Beat Bills	Read a lot of reviews on here before booking and was not dissapointed one little bit, everything exceeded our expectations and will definately stay there again without hesitation. Very clean, very friendly and a nice small hotel so it was never crowded.We checked in around 11am and they had a room ready we didnt have to wait till the official check in time, i asked if they had any south strip facing views available, she said they did and explained a $20 per night charge for it but because i had requested it on my booking they gave it to me for free, the desk staff were very friendly and helpful all throughout our trip.Our room was on the 3rd floor room 102, right on the corner of the strip facing south and overlooking Ballys and the Bellagio fountains a prefect view, the room was very clean and spacious, although the bathroom sink area could have been a little bigger, the best thing about the bathroom was that they had a stained glass window that opened out so you could hear the strip, this was especially nice when the Bellagio fountains were on as we watched a few times from here and could hear the music. The bed was comfy and we had clean sheets and towels everyday. a large plasma tv on the wall was nice also and plenty closet and drawer space. We had a little noise from the strip due to being right at the front of the hotel on the corner but nothing that really bothered us.The casino is nice and small not too big like the other huge hotels so you could easily just go up to your room in no time at all. That was the biggest plus it literally took 2 minutes from our room to being down in the casino and out onto the strip.All in all i would choose Bills again in a heartbeat, amazing experience and if you want location location location then it cant get any better !	
Oct 26 2009 	Love Bill's not the suite	We started out in room 444 from 9/27 till the 29th. 444 is a nice standard room with a great view ( no pic).After having some success at the craps table, decided to upgrade to a jacuzzi room, #254, we got the one pictured on Bill's web site.The Photos on the web site are spot on, regarding the room. IT IS still a 70's room. The couch is frat house quality, No flat screen in this room, just an old 27 &quot; on a swivel between the bedroom and living room. There is a mini fridge in the room below the wet bar.The jacuzzi tub is as old as the couches, and has a slow leak issue. We had added bubbles to the tub and were unaware of the gradual water loss until one of us moved away from the back massage jet. The water from the back jet, hit the wall at the foot of the tub, because the water level had receeded below the jetThe view IS NOT what they show on the web. Limited views if the eiffel tower and Limited view of the Bellagio. Remember you are on the second floor.I still love Bill's!!!!!! The upgrade was a a very cheap upgrade and gave my partner and myself a couple of smiles and laughs for the rest of our stay. (now I know why it was a cheap upgrade)Bill's Is still the best choice for a center strip inexpensive stay. All room have 42&quot; tv's. Except for the black and red room apparently. We will be back to Bill's, just not the &quot;featured&quot; suite	
Oct 24 2009 	What a SHINING STAR in a city of lights!!!!!	I selected Bill's for its location in relation to the location of the conference I attended at The Bellagio and for the great rates. I was NOT dissapointed, the room was large with a large bed. Nice flat screen TV and cute western decor and very clean!If you'd like a view of the bellagio fountains just ask for the strip view upgrade, hotel staff was great and upgraded me for free!!! If I had one complaint ( I sort of knew this in advance) it would be the city noise on the strip side and the sounds of the fountains, they are rather loud but great to watch.Hotel staff was VERY friendly and helpful. The casino was pretty smoky but the room was not a bit smoky and i was on the floor just above the casino. If you aren't into frills and love a great deal and frindly people, give Bill's a try you WON'T be dissapointed!!!!!!Ohhh and my husband joined me a couple of days into my stay and he loved Bill's too !!!!!!!	
Oct 23 2009 	We Loved Bills but bring Earplugs!	We really enjoyed the 5 nights we stayed at Bill's. We had a King Bed room which was very spacious and true to the photos on Bill's website. The 42&quot; TV was nice. We were in room 222 and had a side view of the Bellagio Fountains, but it is such a short walk to stand right in front of the fountains from Bill's we found ourselves watching them every night with our 99 cent margaritas. The casino and the elevators tend to get a bit smokey, especially later in the evening, but the weather was nice and they had the large entrance doors open on both sides so I think that helped with the smoke. Another thing is you take two different elevators to get from the parking area to your room. One goes from the parking to the casino and then you have to roll or carry your luggage around this little bar to the other elevator to get to your room. Really not bad after seeing how long the walk to your room might be at some of the larger hotels. It is a loud and fun place to be. Just a word of warning - bring earplugs. We slept like babies with them, but if we did not have them we might not have been able to get to sleep. Get the soft foam type that expands when you put them in, very comfortable. We were on the second floor and could here all the shouting and laughter from the strip. They also have water guys on the bridge to Bally's and every few seconds we could hear them shout &quot;Ice cold water only $1&quot; and they are always there. Went to sleep one night at 2am and they were still there and it was cool outside, around 53 degrees. The location rocks!! You can walk just about anywhere from Bill's and it takes just a few seconds to get out of your room and on the strip. We did drive to a few places like the Palms and Rio. Parking was great and driving the strip, even with the construction, was not as bad as we thought it would be. If you are driving from the strip, the hardest part is turning left into Bill's garage, but they have a light down the road so you just have to wait for it to turn red which will stop all the oncoming traffic.I had good luck on their slots. I played penny machines and won $50 - $75 jackpots here and there. Not much for a high roller, but enough to keep me playing. Just be aware that some &quot;penny machines&quot; can cost you $5 a bet if you MAX BET.We went to almost all the big casino's and Bill's just seems like the old school type, loud, roudy, lots of people smoking and drinking and having fun - a let your hair down type of place that we really enjoyed. Next time we are in Vegas we will stay at Bill's. One other thing we liked that the security personnel wore bright yellow shirts, no dark suits and hiding in the background like some hotels. We always felt safe at Bill's.	
Oct 22 2009 	I love Bills	2nd visit to Bills on Labor Day weekend 2009...Room was great / Staff was very friendly / You can't beat the location / Great band playing in the lounge / we just had a great time / Won some money too...	
Oct 22 2009 	Appropriately named.	Cheap and roomy but very loud and smoky, even on non-smoking floors. The staff was courteous but not necessarily helpful. Bottom line, it's a bargain right in the middle of the strip. If you're goal is to stay cheap on the strip, this is your place. If it is to experience luxury, then you shouldn't go for a place with a name like &quot;Bill's Gambling Hall&quot;	
Oct 19 2009 	What a jewell - will definitely stay here again!	A group of about 10 of us travelled to Vegas mid September to celebrate a Bachelorette party - approximately half the group were Vegas virgins. We chose Bill's based on price and location - and what a choice. We all loved Bill's - it has got so much going for it!We all stayed on the 2nd floor and most of us had rooms overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. One of us had a suite which was just spectacular (see a previous review) - so much room and a great place for us all to gather for a few drinks before a night out.We loved Bill's for the convenience and location - you are centre strip so it's walking distance to everything either north or south of Bill's. We loved the reasonably priced drinks - 99c Margaritas and jugs of Bud! $2 hotdogs were also fantastic. We loved the kareoke and would have loved to catch Big Elvis as I had heard he was great but we just didn't get the time. Also would have loved to had some craps lessons in the morning - I did see them there but again time was precious. We also loved the Tix4tonight booth located at the front of Bill's - so convenient if you wanted to check out discount shows.The rooms were big and comfortable - large screen TV was fantastic. We ate in the Victoria Room a few times and always had a great meal. We also used the Flamingo Pool every day - your Bill's room key allows you access to the Flamingo pools which are huge and well worth it.You just get a great feeling when you walk into the place - it's laid back and relaxed and as Aussies we loved that. So I can highly recommend Bill's to anybody considering a trip to Vegas. We will be back for sure.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great location and winning slots!	My husband and I stayed at Bills for 3 nights. We decided to stay here after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. The location is perfect. Check in was hassle free. Our room 420 had a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. Rooms were clean and the beds comfy. Plenty of parking available. Lucky me I won $1600 on the slots at Bills but as the reviewer said before me as an Aussie I was taxed 30% but still ended up with $1120!!!	
Oct 14 2009 	Great value for money and location you can't beat	so worth $49 a night, what a bargain.......great location, half price ticket booth in the foyer, and join score a free tshirt your whole family can fit in...haha.....just don't eat at the Victorian, food is crap and cold. go across the road to serendipity and share an entree (enough food for 3 people)...ask for a room with an even number, (we had 474) and you have views of the Belliago fountains as no extra cost.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice Hotel	What can I say, this was my second time staying at this hotel. The hotel was a good choice. Location was excellent. Only ate breakfast at the hotel it was ok. Housekeepers were wonderful, left my cell phone and the housekeeper call to let me know she had it. The beds were wonderful, and the hot water in the shower was excellent. I have no complaints about this hotel. Will stay there again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Highly recommended if you want value for money but want to be in the centre of the action.	We spent 6 nights at Bills in early September and found it to be an excellent value for money, comfortable and exceptionally well located hotel. We were so happy with Bills we actually cancelled part of our booking at MGM Grand to stay longer at Bills. We did spend our last 4 nights at MGM and still prefer Bills for location and value for money. Check in was fast and friendly, although don’t expect to find a bellman waiting to take your bags (although there actually is one). When checking in ask for an even numbered room as these are the ones with the best views. We had a large room with two comfortable queen sized beds overlooking the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio Fountains. The room was clean and had a huge flat screen TV. The bathroom was quite small, but clean and functional. The room was quite noisy during the night but nothing a pair of earplugs couldn't fix. Room service was fast, affordable and friendly. Drinks at the bars are reasonably priced in comparison to other hotels on the strip. You can also get 99cent frozen Margarita’s and $2 hotdogs – some of the best value on the strip. We ate at the (“award winning” – which they don’t mind announcing over and over again) Victorian Room a few times and found the food good and reasonably priced. If you like (Americanised) Chinese food, make sure you ask for the “special” Chinese menu as it offers a banquet style meal for much cheaper than the regular menu. There are almost always waitlists to eat at the Victorian Room, however it never takes too long to be seated. If you are staying at the hotel you can call down from your room and they will call you when your table is ready. There is also a steakhouse but we didn’t eat there. Don’t miss Big Elvis, although you only need to see him once as the spiel begins to get cheesy after a couple of shows.We felt safe and secure at Bills and did not see any dodgy characters hanging around. There is a tix for tonight booth inside Bills which is very convenient when planning your day. There are ice machines on every floor and a bottle shop just down the (side) road if you like to BYO drinks.“Bills” is perfectly located on the strip at a bargain price. It doesn’t have all the bells and whistles as the big resorts, but it is clean, comfortable, and walking distance to almost everywhere on the Strip (providing you are wearing comfortable shoes!). At the end of a long day, you can afford a drink at the bar and can be in your room in less than 2 minutes from the Strip. I highly recommend Bills if you are on a budget, looking for value for money, but want to be in the centre of the action. Finally, a quick tip for any Aussie’s reading this review and planning to play the slots in Las Vegas. Be aware that all wins over $US1200 are taxed at 30%. Despite the common assumption in Vegas, this tax is not able to be “claimed” back upon return to Australia. Not to worry, the odds are against you anyway. But good luck and have fun!	
Oct 9 2009 	We Love Bills!!!!	First time to stay at Bills, but have gambled there before. You can't beat the location and the rooms were actually very nice and spacious. Did not have any problems with noise either (we were on third floor). Since the location is cental and a short walk thru the casino to the rooms, it was nice to be able to go back to the room periodically throughout the day as needed. We found the gambling there to be affordable and the table crew were always very helpful and alot of fun. And you can't miss the BIG ELVIS live show! We loved it and it was quite poplular. Overall a great experience and we plan on staying there again next year and any other time that we go to Vegas!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Always good at Bills	Stayed at bills 3 times in the past year, always look at bills first when traveling to vegas, Cheap drinks, great location and nice comfy beds!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Location for Girl's Weekend in Vegas	Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon (formerly the Barbary Coast) is right smack-dab in the middle of the action on the Las Vegas Strip. On the corner across the street from Bally's &amp; Caesar's Palace, next door to the Flamingo, Bill's is convenient to everything. We could even see the Bellagio fountains from our room! Las Vegas has newer and more elegant hotels with more amenities, but for the price, Bill's is a great deal.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good value for money	We stayed at Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon for 3 nights in October 2009, in room 340, a third floor room, with a view of the Eiffel Tower and a side view to the Bellagio fountains.We thought this was a really good place to stay. The location was the reason we chose to stay here - you are right in the middle of The Strip, just across the road from Paris Las Vegas, the Bellagio and the Flamingo. I had asked for a room with a view to the Bellagio fountains and enjoyed watching them from our window (it wasn't the greatest view, but I enjoyed it). Although, be aware that they do make quite a lot of noise!The room was clean, had air conditioning (which we were surprised not to need), a big TV, hairdryer etc, and use of an internet connection (you had to pay for this). It was a little dated and our room didn't get very much natural light, but was perfectly fine for the bargain price we paid.We thought the casino downstairs was really fun too, in comparison to the other casinos we visited. They have free craps lessons ever morning which were really good, and at the end of the lesson you get a $5 voucher to use on the craps table when you bet $5. They have karaoke in the bar and Big Elvis singing in the afternoons. We did try out the restaurant, The Victorian Rooms, but didn't think it was great.Overall, I thought this was a good place to stay at a very good price! I would definitely stay there again, and would recommend it to friends. I would highly recommend the craps lessons but would advise eating elsewhere.	
Oct 4 2009 	Old and Nice Clean and a Bargin	Its an old hotel, But for $75 per night right on in the middle of the stip its a bargin. Rooms were clean and very nice big TV's in the room. We had a perfect view of the fountains at the Beliougo.. Misspelled but who cares. You can use the pool next door, but we did not have time. Walking distance to it all. We have done Vegas a few times and you can catch the Tram or the double decker bus and travel from one end to the other for just a buck or two. This hotel has a dinner, but its very expensive and you can go half a block down the street and eat very reasonable. Plus there is a burger king 4 doors down for that late night munch. All in all it was a hooot to stay here and we may again. Worth the money for some old time fun and gambling..	
Oct 2 2009 	Get a Suite!	Travel back in time to a 1970s bachelor pad (photos attached). Black &amp; glass furnishings, black jacuzzi bath in the living area, glossy red feature wall, grey formica wet bar and TWO toilets/vanity spaces.As Vegas virgins, we researched tripadvisor so there were no surprises with our selection. Thanks, tripadvisor!Pluses:- Location, location, location- Value for money- Ease and cost (zero) of parking, close to the rooms- Helpful, tolerant croupiers for beginners and revellers- Historic Old Vegas- TWO toilets in the suite (with opening windows and, if lucky, a view plus sounds of the Bellagio fountains from one)- No In-your-face hotel staff Minuses:- the Old Western theme- tired old amenities- in the casino/lobby, the annoying karaoke singers and the incessant PA, calling for &quot;name, party of x to the Award Winning Victorian Room&quot; (perhaps wear your iPhone?)- the suite had scuff marks on the wallpaper and layers of dust on the fake pot plants- the floor on the second floor vibrated (from the monorail, perhaps?)- no In-your-face hotel staff	
Oct 1 2009	Great value	Just stayed 3 nights at Bill's. Great central location, room clean and large. Slots did not pay at all, so don't spend money there at that. The 99 cent margaritas were great. Staff friendly, helpful. Had originally planned to stay only 2 nights and then the third night in a fancier place, but decided Bill's was just fine No hidden charges either.	
Sep 30 2009 	Nice room at great price	You can't find a more centrally located hotel, and it's worth paying extra if they have a Bellagio Fountain view room available! When we wore down from walking the stip, it was sure nice to just sit in our room and watch the fountain shows as well as all the other activities on the strip. Hotel guests have access to the Flamingos pool, and I don't think you could ask for a better pool in Vegas than that one! Negatives: hard to get in parking garage; inconvenient entrance from parking garage to casino to your room; nighttime road construction is tough to sleep through; 10.95/day internet charge.	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent value for money	On the middle of the strip, the location can’t be better. No queue at reception. Nice large rooms, good bathroom, flat TV, view on the fountains of Bellagio. All this for an excellent price. Just 2 small cons: the free garage could be cleaner and no free wifi in the rooms.	
Sep 30 2009 	Fantastic Location OK Hotel	Absolutely brilliant location for the price - right opposite Bellagio, close to Caesar's &amp; Flamingo. We were only there for 48 hours so it was perfect for being able to walk most places so quickly.We arrived in Vegas at 8am on a Friday and went straight to hotel - we had called before to ask for access to room on arrival but unfortunately they couldn't accommodate (didn't make promises on the phone either to be fair). No offer of other room/shower to use in meantime so just had to leave bags with bell boy until 2pm.We had booked via lastminute.com and didn't get chance to specify smoking room or not - ended up with smoking room unfortunately :-( They did offer to change the following day if we were that unhappy but the rooms were just about OK, corridor outside quite bad. Wished I had asked when called a few days before. However, we did get partial view of Bellagio fountains, which was great. As other's have said, rooms are nice &amp; big, OK bathroom, good flat screen tv, iron provided in room.Taxi rank right outside for ride back to airport - cost about $20. We did trip to Grand Canyon, but no tour pick-up from Bill's, we had to go to Bally's just opposite.All in all, location totally outweighed the minor issues - perfect low budget hotel if you're happy just to visit the more glamorous hotels &amp; casinos.	
Sep 28 2009 	fair	Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon in Las Vegas is one of the smaller Casino Hotels in Las Vegas, although still large compared to most European hotels. To go to your room from the garage, you actually have to walk through the Casino. The rooms are alright, but as the name suggest, the emphasis of this place isn't on the hotel, it on the casino. Most people come here for gambling and more staff are occupied with this, then with checking inn and checking out the guests resulting in long waits and a lack of interest. I haven't seen a swimming pool, there was no free internet and breakfast wasn't included in the room rate. Bill's Gamblin' Hall and Saloon is quite central though for walking the strip and soaking up the atmosphere of Las Vegas. And don't forget to visit the Boulder Dam when you are there and want to get away from the noise and crowded streets of Vegas for a couple of hours. And the Red Rock Canyon is definitely worth a visit to. Las Vegas though is a tourist trap and overpriced. It was nice seeing it once, but I will not return.	
Sep 26 2009 	Ok	I might have been expecting too much from this hotel after reading other reviews. It was pretty much exactly what I should have expected for $60 a night. The accomodations were adequate, the hotel seemed clean enough once you got upstairs. It was a good value for that part of the strip, I guess. The room was large. We had a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain. However, the windows did not keep out the noise from the strip, it actually was noisy enough that it was hard to sleep. I have stayed in the Flamingo right next door and never had that problem there. I won't stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Fantastic Value 	I was on a 10 week sabbatical and heading for Vegas, so budget was very important as well as location and i have to say that Bill's didnt let me down in either department. The location just across from Cesears and the Bellagio is fantastic, its right in the centre of the strip, so plenty going on as you walk out the door. This is by no means a plush hotel but if you want a clean room, with air con, en-suite and a 42inch plasma and helpful staff for £25 a night then this gets my recommendation everytime.	
Sep 23 2009 	Fantastic Location Great Price	Bills is located right in the middle of the strip couldn't be in a better location. Check in was easy with no line up. Staff were always friendly and able to deal with all requests.Although as most people have stated not a five star hotel the rooms were large and clean, I had no complaints. Housekeeping came every day and did a good job.The best part of Bills is the ease of getting from your room to the strip which takes no more than 5 mins but in the larger hotels can take 15-20 mins which is quite annoying after the first few days of walking the strip and then having a long walk back to your room when you get inside your hotel and also the very reasonable price you pay to stay in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. Also on offer 99c Margaritas and jugs of Bud Light.Although Bills does not have its own pool or spa you can use the Flamingos facilities next door which are great and only a short walk.Myself and my friends have stayed at various other hotels in Vegas including MGM Grand, Luxor etc and although we enjoyed these hotels we would definitely stay at Bills again before either of these hotels due to Bills location, ease of getting from room to Strip and the price.	
Sep 23 2009 	We will be back to Bill's	It was our first trip to Vegas and we were so pleased with our decision to stay st Bill's. I did all my hotel research on Tripadvisor and saw all the good reviews and knew it would be the place for us. We requested a room with a view and what a view! The fountains at Bellagio were soooo amazing to watch! The hotel staff was very nice and the Casino was a great place to start and end at! We are already planning our next trip back!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Hotel greart Location	Located in centre of strip,Took 1 minute to book in, and was in our room a minute later-unlike big hortels where booking in is nightmare. Room overlooking Bellagio fountains at no extra cost. This was our third visit and we would go back again. Catch Big Elvis show daily. And 2 pitchers of beer for $10. At £33 per night you cant go wrong!	
Sep 21 2009 	Best value on the Strip	Bill's is located at the heart ov the action. Under 5 minutes to check in and the same to check out. You could get from our room on the first floof to the strip also in under 5 minutes. Wit a room that overlooked the Bellagio fountains we were more than pleased.Excellent value for for money. We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	nice little hotel in the middle of the Strip	We stayed 2 nights at Bill's : very nice hotel. We had a giant room with very comfortable beds and a nice bathroom.It was our first stay in Vegas and the hotel was perfect: great location and view, moderate prices, no waiting at the check-in/out.there is a nice restaurant i nthe hotel as well.	
Sep 21 2009 	a Hotel with interesting character; smoky but good for solo traveler	This is a &quot;funny&quot; hotel. Its one of those hotels that has its own personality and character. Not really sure how to describe it. Imaging Texas meets western cowboy meets old fashion victorian themes. The hotel is good. Not great but not bad neither. Its just &quot;good&quot;. The staffs I encountered were super friendly! Made me feel very welcomed specially I was traveling along. The room was spacious.....but a bit smoky. The whole hotel was smoky. But I was ok with that. Great location! Excellent actually!! In the middle of the strip. Very easy to go around and visit all other hotels. Its less than 10 mins walk to the &quot;O&quot; show at Bellagio, which by the way, its the best show ever!!!!I would stay there again if I am traveling by myself again. But I will not stay there if my family or my partner is with me. Its not very &quot;family-oriented&quot; nor &quot;romantic&quot;. Its just a good place if you are alone or travel on a budget.	
Sep 19 2009 	location location location...and price	So long as you walk into Bills knowing that its not a 5 star resort property, you will not be disappointed. Yes, the hotel is old. Yes they have a fat elvis impersantor (no really, they call him big elvis)&gt; Yes their clientele is um...unique. And yes their rooms are a cross between old west and Tony Montana 80s formica gangster style. But, for this price, at this location, and with this helpful of a staff, you really cant go wrong at Bills.Now for the details:Location: perfect, enough saidPrice: see locationRooms: i upgraded to the suite, which was still a great deal. After adjusting to its flashback 80s style (red walls, black furniture, grey formica countertops), it actually turned out to be a very nice room. Comfy bed, 2 bathrooms, in room mini fridge. jacuzzi with a view of the strip, full living area, nice bar area.Staff - Extremely helpful and friendly. They may not go overboard a la 5 star resorts. But, if you ask them they will do what needs to be done to keep you happyRoom Service - standard fare, nothing fancy. but very quick and not too expensive (by vegas standards).Know what you are and are not getting at Bills, save a ton of money, and be right in the center of the strip at this little ol throwback hotel.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good price great location.	I stayed at Bill's end of Aug, 2009 when I visited Las Vegas. The location is great, within walking distance, it is easy to access all major hotels for games, restaurant and shows. The price is incredible with its great location. The room is comfortable for two. I strongly recommend this hotel to budget travelers.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great little dump with an excellent location and loads of character	Yes, I said it's a little dumpy AND gave it 4 stars. This is what old school Vegas casinos are supposed to look like -- lots of obnoxious neon all over the place, right in the middle of everything, and with a theme. This one is supposed to be Old West but the 70s Shabby Chic shows through. Everything about it looks kind of tired, from the first blast of stale cigarette smoke when you walk into the lobby. But that's what gives this place so much character! The way I see it, you get the charm of the old Vegas downtown places, but you're in the middle of the strip.I would happily recommend the place to a friend -- but maybe not a fussy friend. It is located smack in the middle of the strip, and is surprisingly clean and quiet. Despite the noise and lights of the strip, sleeping in as late as you want is no problem -- the room was nice and dark, and the air conditioning adequate even in July. Once you rise from your slumber, you can easily walk to just about anything, and Paris, Caesar's, and the Bellagio are all very close if you want food or more refinement. (My friends who ate at Bill's said their Chinese food was &quot;the worst meal I've ever had, anywhere.&quot;) The casino is thick with stale smoke, but our room, and my friend's rooms, were clean-smelling and not smoky.The staff are reasonably helpful and friendly, and they have plenty of TVs and 99-cent frozen margaritas. You can't miss their free house act, Big Elvis -- he's an obese Elvis impersonator with a decent voice. My favorite perk was that staying at Bill's gets you into the pool at the Flamingo next door, which was lots of fun. The free parking was nice, too.Bill's is a Harrah's property, and kind of a redheaded stepchild one at that. I wouldn't be surprised if they tore it down or gutted it to build something fancier because the location is so great. I would stay somewhere nicer next time if I could find a better deal, but Bill's was a hoot and I would happily stay there again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Brilliant hotel fabulous location on the strip	We stayed at Bills last october (2008) and I had meant to write this review and then just realised I hadn't! We came to Vegas as our friends were getting married by Elvis ....but thats a seperate story altogether!Anyway we had a great time in Vegas and if you are looking for a good clean hotel that smaller than most in Vegas but centrally located on the Strip then this is the hotel for you!Bills I liked because unlike most of the other hotels in Vegas it was easy to find the exit and get straight out onto the strip. Particulalry if this is your hotel youjust want to get out and about. You basically got out of the lifts and could choose to walk through the casino or go straight out onto the strip! Also Bill's 99c margaritas were a great bonus and 99c corona every day!Vegas is such a huge awesome place and Bills is right in the middle so when touring you can go either way but then the bonus is that on a night you are near all the night life....check out Jimmy Buffets margaritaville it was fab and had live bands most nights and is just along from Bills.Bills rooms were great we had a room overlooking the Belagio fountains so watched them daily from the comfort of our hotel room! The bed was huge with a flat screen tv and huge sitting area by the balcony. It had a dressing room attached to the side of the bathroom it was fantastic and for one of the cheaper hotels on the strip I must highly recommend it!	
Sep 5 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location and FAB price!	We stayed here for 5 nights and can not complain. The price is very cheap so we were expecting a grotty hotel, its not the newest hotel granted but the standard rooms are large and very clean, all the staff are very friendly and the free entertainment can not be beaten. The location is slap bang in the centre of the strip, we could see the beliagio fountains from our room! Dont go here if you want 5 star luxury and a swimming pool, but will be a great place to rest your head. The rooms are rather noisy so take ear plugs!	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Location easy to get around	Have stayed at Bill's quite a few times mostly when it was the Barbary Coast. The location cannot be beat as you can easily walk to numerous casinos and restaraunts. It is also extremely easy to get around the property itself - this is not one of the mega properties on the strip that takes 20 minutes from casino to room. If you have a car, there are several levels of free parking between the casino and hotel rooms. The rooms are large and, while a bit dated, they have new flat panel tv's a good quality bedding. Staff is always accommodating and we found a favorite bartender that was pleasant and quick. Sometimes the rooms facing Flamingo can be a little loud but we have taken to travelling with a white noise machine and that, coupled with running the AC full time, takes care of all but the worst.Generally always try to stay here unless it is sold out or have to stay elsewhere as part of an event.	
Aug 31 2009 	A little old but great view and fantastic value.	We stayed here for 2 nights after staying at the Luxor a week earlier. We decided we wanted somewhere very central to all the action for our second visit - and this was definitley it! The location is fantastic for this price, as is the amazing view. We were able to watch the fountains at Bellagio from our bedroom window. Not only is the hotel great value but the Victoria room restaurant was also great value and very nice too. The down side of the hotel was the lobby, which is more or less the casino area. It was very smokey and the smoke filtered into the lifts as well. Not very nice. The room hallways are fine though. The room was old, probably late 80's or early 90's style but very clean and spacious. It also had a huge flat screen t.v. I would recommend this hotel if you want a fantastic location and aren't planning to spend much time in the room (it's vegas after all!). It's ok as a pit stop on your Vegas trip!	
Aug 26 2009 	Not bad...	For the price you pay, its not bad....rooms are large, beds good...however, building is a bit old, hence problem with plumbing...	
Aug 19 2009 	run down old good location	The only thing good about this place is the central strip location. Regarding everything else, expect a late 70's style rundown placewith leaking faucets, dirty carpets and dubious figures hanging around the hallways.	
Aug 12 2009 	Fantastic; central cheap and friendly	I chose Bills after a lot of research and review reading. And I was glad I did! They were really friendly, checking in and out was quick and hassle free. The room itself had an amazing Bellagio fountain view, and was perfectly clean. The decor is a little dated, but not too much and that's hardly a complaint at $40 dollars a night! 99cent Margaritas were great, and the Victorian room was great for when you need 24 hour dining. We also used the Flamingo pool, which is available free to Bills residents, and it was great! The location couldn't have been better, across from the Bellagio right mid-Strip. I would certainly return to Bills, highly reccomended!	
Aug 12 2009 	Fountain view	If you want to experience the Bellagio fountain view, or, even without the view, the best location on the Strip, paying just a small fraction of the rates you find at the luxury establishments next door, this is the place. Convenient parking, easy check-in and an excellent restaurant definitely make up for the smoky lobby, which at first doesn't seem inviting at all. The gamblers here are not the ones you'll meet at the Venetian or other similar upscale resorts, or at least this is the impression I got on a very busy Saturday night, when the fact that there seems to be no control whatsoever on the access to the hotel rooms from the main lobby made me slightly unconfortable. Having said this, if I ever go back to Las Vegas - which I doubt - I'll definitely stay here again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Still as good as ever	Just back from my second visit to Bill's. Still fantastic value for money- access to Flamingo pool &amp; pool towels next door by showing your key card, right in middle of the strip from £30 a night.Rooms clean and friendy atmosphere in the casino. Can easily wak to anywhere on the strip. For 2nd time I had a view of the Bellagio fountains from my room. I think you have to have an even numbered room to have that view- otherwise you get a view of Caesars Palace, still not bad.Will definately be back again.	
Aug 10 2009	Bill's Gamblin Hall and Saloon	It was EXCELLENT! A good size room, the bath wasn't big but served the purpose well without disturbing the other roomie. You could see and hear the Bellagio Fountains, not the music, street noise was no more than at home. The flat screen tv was great, the wallpaper and furniture in good shape, the bed comfy. It was a snap to park, check in and get up to the room. You could even get a chair massage and the bar was within sight of the elevator. There is a lovely steakhouse restaurant, Big Elvis to entertain, table games, poker, new slots (goldfish, woz, monopoly) and a discount ticket station all on site a 3 minute walk from any point. Pool is courtesy of the Flamingo next door, that's a 5 minute walk ... Log in using your Harrah's rewards card for discounts on your room. Here are some recent photos ...Can't wait to go back -	
Aug 9 2009 	Recommended - well worth the price.	A good hotel for a reasonable price. Staff efficient and business like.Room was lovely and although we were in the centre of Las Vegas we had no problems with outside noise. Our room also had a lovely view of the &quot;Eiffel tower&quot;. A problem with the internet connection was quickly resolved.	
Aug 9 2009 	A Bit Hazier But Still A Solid Value	Not a whole lot has changed at Bill’s since the last time I was here ... and it was a good thing for not only me but my lady for whom this was her first stay. As my lady isn’t up for a whole lot of walking, she appreciated the short commute from the room to the casino, front desk and even parking. I renewed my own appreciation for the reasonable rates – averaging $47 for our three nights – which included a $5 Strip view upgrade with a decent view of the Bellagio fountains. I found the room itself to be just as accommodating as before and my lady agreed. The bed was comfortable although the shower area of the bathroom can be a little tight. Perhaps in a nod to light-to-non gamblers, there was an increased if not quite abundant number of stations to choose from on the flat screen TV. We played sparingly in the casino, partially due to unusually high smoke entrapment, but on one relatively long (for us) slots session, my lady did pretty well on the quarters only to give it all back on the pennies. Meanwhile, I consistently contributed to Bill’s bottom line, a nickel at a time.The reason why this slot session lasted so long was because we waited about 40 minutes to be called in to dine at the Victorian Room coffee shop. While we did eventually enjoy our food, we decided it wasn’t worth waiting around for. So we decided to order room service on the following mornings. Other than a $2 per person charge and a reasonable gratuity, the prices were essentially the same as the coffee shop. So the small splurge was worth it to us to be more flexible with our time. I still would not recommend Bill’s for first-time visitors looking for glitz and glamour. On the other hand, experienced visitors – especially the “sleep-and-shower” crowd – will appreciate the convenience and value of this Center Strip property.	
Aug 8 2009 	Totally good value	I looked at this hotel from Tripadvisor, and found variety of reviews and decided to stay here because of the good price. The first impression was not so good as I could smell lots of cigarrette smoke in the lobby as there are a lot of gambling going on. However, it turned out to be a good decision as the hotel is located right in the center of Las Vegas strip, and the room is clean. Will definitely comeback. Great service as well as it is not a large hotel. And the restaurant is very good as well.	
Aug 4 2009 	WOW!!!! Best place to stay in Vegas.	we (mom dad 3 years old) just got back from Vegas and stayed at this great hotel for 6 nights. I did lot of research before I decided on Bill's, and it was worth it. Let me start by saying that, Bill's is in the middle of everything and the view is to die for. Here is the review of the Hotel. Check in: 5 stars. checked in at 9pm on Saturday and did not have to wait 1 second to check in. The check in lady was very nice, friendly and even hooked us up with a room with the strip view and the Fountain view at no extra cost. (usually these rooms are $20 extra a night). The room had two queen beds and was very roomy and nice. Hotel has that older theme but is very nice and the elevators are fast and roomy. The walk to the room was not that far. (see my pictures for visual review). The hotel has no pool so they let you use the Flamingo pool which is the best and soooo nice with waterfalls etc. The casino is nice but the payout is not that good. If you want the good payout and game, try Wheel of Fortune at the &quot;Orleans&quot;. I started with $5 and ended up winning $430. The restaurant at Bill's is very nice and the all you can eat Chinese is very good deal. The coupon book they gave us at check in was somewhat nice with few coupons that were worth using. Bill's also have the half price tix koisk in their casino so before buying any tickets from ticketmaster try this place out for some good deals on dinning and shows ticket and NO TIME SHARE CRAP TO WORRY ABOUT. Bill is the middle of the strip so it is very easy to walk around, don't buy the monorail pass instead get the bus pass. (MUCH CHEAPER TO BUY BUS THAN MONORAIL)	
Aug 4 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	Cannot fault Bill's. Location centre of strip, rooms spacious and clean. Service with a smile and the place as a nice character.Restaraunt/Bars also good and great value. $7 for steak &amp; Eggs at daft o clock at night!Pool is actually in Flamingo's hotel which Bills shares.	
Aug 3 2009 	Cleanno frills hotel bargain	Stayed at Bill's Sunday thru Thursday 19-24.Check in was quick. Had requested a king upper floor and got what I asked for. The room was in the rear of the hotel facing Famingo. Very clean, not fancy. For $40 a night in this part of strip, I was satisfied. Maid service was very good and everthing in room (Air, electric, plumbing, TV) was good. Being in the rear of building, room was very quiet. There was a party going on at 1AM one evening in a room across hall, two doors down...never heard a thing with the door closed.I go to Vegas every two years or so to see the new resorts, eat baffets, see shows and people watch. I don't gamble or drink so can't comment on all that.For clean, inexpensive lodging, I would stay at Bill's again, even though I try to stay at a different hotel each time I hit Vegas.	
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent experience	We found Bill's to be clean, comfortable and friendly. We happened to be in a suite, which was large and full of character.One downside - at dinner at Bill's Steak house, the food was great, but service was erratic.	
Jul 27 2009 	Will stay here anytime we are in LV.	I don't see how you can beat Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon. It has a great location; prices are extremely reasonable for LV, esp on the strip, and we have absolutely no complaints. Spent a bit of time in the casino there as well. Very nice.	
Jul 25 2009 	Bill's made our stay in Vegas nearly perfect!	My husband and I were thrilled with our room at Bill's. The staff downstairs was friendly, and our room was awesome. Very clean and very comfortable. The location couldn't have been better, as Bill's is smack in the middle of the strip. Our room was fairly quiet, and from the window we could see a little slice of the fountains at the Bellagio. We slept ridiculously well that night, and were very pleased with our entire stay. I would be delighted to return, and at $40 a night it is well worth twice the price. Our only quibbles (and these are small!) would be the slow tub drain and the fact that one has to pay for internet access.	
Jul 24 2009 	Couldn't be beat	Was flying solo this trip and wanted a convenient place on the strip and no need for extras. This is the best location by far and the room was clean, neat and had great water pressure. My room overlooked the Belagio fountains and the thermostat worked great! Like the room cold and it got there. Had the Filet and Dom special in the steakhouse and it was good. Great value and they even let me substitute a glass of wine instead. Enjoyed the $5.99 Steak and eggs special too and it was very good. I am thankful I made this decision to stay here and I will return again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Location Great Stay	This hotel was recommended by a co-worker who had stayed there on a previous trip. We decided to give it a try even though it was one of the smaller hotels on the strip. Well, we were very pleasantly surprised and very happy with our 4 night stay.First of all, the location is probably the BEST on the strip. It's on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd. &amp; Flamingo Rd. The Flamingo Hotel is right next door and is just a few steps from Bill's. There is a walkway from Bill's that will take you across the street to Bally's/Bellagio and then another walkway across the other side of the stree to Ceasar's Palace. This hotel sits in the very center of the strip so it is very accessible to everywhere you need to be!Secondly, the check in/out was a breeze. After seeing the gigantic lines waiting at the larger hotels to check in/out, we were so thankful for Bill's no hassle check in. There was no line at any time that we noticed in the four days we were there. Also, the elevators to the rooms were right inside the side door making for easy access. Most of the other large hotels have a very long walk through the casino &amp; hotel before you can even get to the elevators to the rooms. Thirdly, the food in the Victorian Room as fantasic and so convenient. Now, if you want to eat the $5.99 steak &amp; egg breakfast, you better get down there early between 7 &amp; 8 am or there will be a 45 min. to an hour wait. It's a small restaurant so a couple of the days we were after 9am trying to get in and didn't want to wait. However, it's just a very short walk to the Flamingo which is where we had breakfast. We did eat at the Victorian Room for our dinner meal and the $14.99 prime rib dinner is fabulous!The staff was always very helpful and our rooms were very nice. Now, it's not the upscale fancy stuff that the larger hotels have, but, the rooms were plenty big,the beds were very comfy and we had plenty of towels, etc. I would recommend you bring your own shampoo/soap as there was not much provided! Our room was located on the lst floor (just above the lobby) and it was on the side facing the Flamingo Hotel. It was very quiet at all times! If you want a view of the Bellagio, I recommend Room 102 in which our friends stayed. It has the most perfect view of the fountains!I would defininately stay at Bill's again if we are ever back in Las Vegas. The location and convenience is the key to Bill's. It's a great little place to stay because you actually don't spend that much time in your room anyway!!!!!	
Jul 21 2009 	Bill's was great	My husband and I just got back after celebrating my 40th in Vegas. After reading reviews on TA and checking out the rates etc. we choose Bills and were very happy that we did. Our friends who met us in Vegas stayed elsewhere and were really sorry they didn't stay at Bills with us. Everything was great from checkin to checkout. I would stay at Bills again on our next LV visit.	
Jul 20 2009 	A great room for a nice price	A good location in the middle of the strip.The room was very clean, quiet and large. I liked the old style. The hotel is more &quot;familial&quot; and cosy than the others. The only thing is you have to pay for internet but for 45$... The Bill's Gambling has a free parking too.	
Jul 20 2009 	steak house @ Bill's is fantastic	Well hidden -this restaurant is a surprize you won't want to miss. We got 2 for 1 tickets at the Tix 4 Tonight stand out front of Bill's. Everything was delicious and the service is top rate.	
Jul 19 2009 	Pleasant Suprize	I was excited when my friend and colleague annouced she wanted to celebrate her 50th in vegas but nearly fainted when she said she'd block off rooms for family and friends at Bills. I've only stayed in Casears the times I went to Vegas. Ultimately since I was flying in early and basically solo, I decided it would be easier for me to just stay at Bills. I actually got a better price online than the relatively cheap one my friend was quoted fpr a group rate. Trip advisor had such great things to say about the place and seeing that we could use the Flamingo pool, I was looking forward to the trip. I got some tips from Trip advisor for checking in. I ended up checking in, which was a breeze and I did get a room with a view of the bellagio fountain which was great. All here that say the halls and rooms and dated, its all true. But at the price, I almost felt like i was stealing the room. I wish someone warned me to bring conditioner, they only supply one small shampoo. In these days of carry on luggage, I often depend on the shampoo/conditioner from the hotel. Its very basic at Bills. Use of the flamingo pool was easy and convenient. I don't recommend eating at Bills. The flamingo is just next door. Bills' givesy ou a coupon book with many $5. off for buffets and resturants at Flamingo, harrahs, ballys, IP, all right next to Bills. Food, water, etc, is still pretty expensive at the hotels.Unfortunetly I always felt like something was nibbling at my ankles when I was in Bills lobby, casino and room. And I did have bites. I know that is disgusting, but I would stay at Bill's again. I love the flat screen. The rooms were big. My side of the hotel (on the strip was very noisy); but my friends who faced the flamingo had very quiet rooms. You cannot beat the location. Its the center of everything.	
Jul 17 2009 	Bill's Gamblin Hall...A Reliable Favorite!!	This was our second stay at Bill's Gamblin Hall in the past 2 years. We stayed at the hotel a few years back, when it was still Barbary Coast. It has not changed over the years, and that's a good thing. This hotel is centrally located on the strip and with only 200+ rooms, you don't have to walk 2 miles to get from your room to the sidewalk/strip. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very friendly. The food was excellent at both the Victorian Room and the steakhouse. They have a very hot after hours club in Bill's called Drai's. It's fun and the music is good, but &quot;working girls&quot; and their &quot;employers&quot; are all over the casino floor and in the club. Things can get a bit rowdy, so steer clear of the club area if this type of activity upsets you. But, I can say that I saw this type of activity in every casino I visited late night. At least Bill's has a very efficient security guard posted by the elevators all night. You can not even get to the elevator without showing your key and ID. This definitely makes you feel more secure.The room was very clean and nice. The king size bed was very comfortable, and the flatscreen TV was nice. Many people say the noise from the strip is loud, but we were happy to be on vacation and actually found the noise inviggorating. Since, we were only in the room long enough to get a couple of hours of sleep each morning and evening, a shower, and change of clothes, the room served mostly as a storage area for our personal effects. The bathroom was bit small, but unless you plan to be in there for hours, still not a problem. The only complaint I had is that the tub drain was very slow. I did not like standing in water above my ankles by the end of my shower. But, since this is the ONLY thing I can find wrong with Bill's, it definitely was not a deal breaker. Overall, we have no complaints about a centrally located, comfortable room that we spent approximately $50/night on...in the middle of the strip...in Las Vegas!! Big Elvis is a &quot;must see&quot; in the afternoon in the lounge. He is very good, and has lost weight over the years, so he's not that big these days.I really wish all of the &quot;picky&quot; people would stay at more upscale hotels, as opposed to nitpicking everything at Bill's and then posting bad reviews. For instance, how can a hotel be responsible for a urine smell in a parking garage. Everyone knows that when people are drunk and carousing in Vegas, they sometimes forget to use formal bathrooms.	
Jul 15 2009 	It's my favorite	It was our second stay at this Hotel. Since our first stay they changed the name, but it's still the same good deal.No waiting line at checkin and the best position to walk the strip. The rooms are clean, large and quiet and we had a wonderfull view to the Bellagio. If you want a good value i can recommend this hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Bill's No Frills.	With so many casinos, hotels, and venues to choose from, what makes Bill's stand out?- Centrally located, pretty much dead center of the strip- Table games with lower min. bets than most other casinos- Friendly, casual atmosphere, good drinks- Old West themed architecture and decor, if that's your thing- Hotel rooms are on the cheaper side price-wise, but don't feel old or ratty; I would even say they're nicer than some of the other more expensive hotelsThe hotel set-up is AWESOME. You can park in the garage, and be in your room in &lt; 5 mins. In many other casinos, getting to your car or the check out desk from your room entails an epic trek across the entire casino and/or shopping/eating areas. Not fun if you have large bags to carry. IMHO, the best feature about Bill's is precisely that it doesn't have many of the &quot;extras&quot; of the other casinos. If you want great shopping, more restaurants, or a more extensive gambling experience, Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Bally's, Flamingo, and Paris are all a 5 min. walk away.The only major downside is that the only pool available to Bill's Guests is the Flamingo pool, which takes awhile to walk to and inferior to many of the other hotel pools.	
Jul 14 2009	Loved the location and ease of getting to rooms	If you need a place to stay that's reasonable and convenient, this is the place. We only had to wait behind one person when checking in. Getting to our rooms was a breeze, so it was always convenient to stop by and freshen up. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. The dark Victorian style is not my style, but I could live with it. We did not spend a lot of time gambling there until the end of our stay, but once we did, we enjoyed it. We did not choose to check out their restaurant, but we assumed it must be good because there were always people lined up and waiting. I think it was a nice, small place that was a great value.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great stay great location.	I travel a lot and stay in hotels two-three times per month, which makes me very picky. On my last few visits to Las Vegas, I have stayed at Mirage, Harrah’s, Excalibur and Treasure Island. Of those, I liked Treasure Island the best. On those trips, we have stumbled into Bill's Gambling Hall; a fun, old-school casino right on the strip. They have $2 hot dogs, $0.99 margaritas and $5 pitchers of beer. Despite not really being a big drinker myself, I do appreciate a cheap beverage. Why pay $15 for the same thing across the street at Caesars? This trip, I decided to be adventurous and book a room at Bill's. It’s a small hotel above the casino with only four floors. I was so happy I did! This is not a big mega resort. There are only two restaurants, no gift shop other than a souvenir counter, no day spa and no pool. Guests are invited to use the Flaming pool next door, which is only a 2-3 minute walk. This walk is considerably shorter than the walk through most of the larger hotels to the pool. The Flamingo pool is gorgeous and has numerous water features, not to mention the flamingo and bird habitat adjacent to the pool.The elevator to the rooms is right next to the check-in desk in the back-end of the casino. The steakhouse and Victorian Room cafe are literally steps from the desk and elevator. Convenient internet access is right there as well.The hallway to our fourth floor room was clean, as was the elevator. The room was spotless. The bathroom was a bit dated, but clean. The room was huge! Very spacious, with new bedding and modern touches. There was also a brand new huge flat-screen TV on the wall. Other than typical Vegas street noise (screaming middle-aged women, drunk frat guys and sirens), the hotel was a quiet as can be on a Saturday night. The bed was comfortable and the mattress looked relatively new (I always check for bugs before crawling into bed).We paid just over $100 for Saturday night, and $40 for Sunday. What a bargain! The location could not be better. There is a bridge right outside the side entrance of the casino that takes you directly over to Caesars. It is a two minute walk to the Flamingo for taxi service, shows and the pool. It is also a less than 5 minute walk to Bally’s, Paris, Harrah's, Imperial Palace, Mirage and others. The Venetian, Treasure Island and a host of others are also close. Also within a five minute walk are O'Sheas and Casino Royale for cheap food and cheap gaming. You save a ton on taxi service! For casinos further away, there is a monorail stop next door at Bally’s or down the street at Imperial Palace.There is a small bar and lounge in the lobby that is packed all the time with fun bands, karaoke and a big fat singing Elvis. Upon checking in we were given coupons for restaurants and attractions in other Harrah's properties. We were given two free passes to the Auto Collection at Imperial Palace in which we spent and hour and a half. I am so glad we chose Bill's Gambling Hall. The room was perfect and we were able to spend the difference in money on food, tours and souvenirs. I would stay here again without hesitation. If you do not care about staying amidst the glitz and glamour, this is one of the best hotels on the strip for cleanliness and value in my opinion.	
Jul 10 2009 	Bill's Gambling Hall is a great place to gamble	I have not stayed at the hotel but am writing a review of the casino. We visit Las Vegas 3- 4 times a year. Bill's has become one of our favorite casinos. It is small with a casual feel, the slots are looser than most other places on the strip, the drink service is excellent, and the location is great for visiting other casinos.	
Jul 10 2009 	Definitely will stay again great location great $$$	My family and I just got back from our stay at Bill's and we were quite pleased with our stay. The hotel is right in the heart of the strip, but at a fraction of the cost. The amazing Flamingo's pool is a short walk away and Bill's guest's are welcome with your room key:) The 99 cent margaritas at the bar were good but the bar service could be better. The cocktail waitresses fly past you if you are playing slots but come by often if you're playing table games. The front desk service is awesome as well as the cleanliness of the rooms in the hotel. The rooms are in good shape with nice plasma TV's, but small bathrooms. The views on the Flamingo Blvd. side are nice and worth the extra $$.	
Jul 8 2009 	Best value on the Strip	My wife and I stayed at Bills in mid-June for roughly $50 per night. This hotel is much smaller and cheaper than most on the strip, and after walking the entire strip during our stay and seeing the inside of most of the other hotels, this is a very good thing! The hotel has a western theme, flat panel tvs in your room, and access to the pool next door at the flamingo hotel. There is also a restaurant on site, but we didn't make it to the hotel due to the wait. Hotel is right in the middle of the strip, with the flamingo next door, and Ceasars Palace and the Bellagio ( see the fountain show) directly across the street.  Our only complaint is that the slots didn't pay out more, haha!	
Jul 8 2009 	Good for the price and right on the strip!!	This is a good hotel on center strip. Everything is within walking distance and you are right across from the Bellagio and Ceasars for under $50 a night. This is not a luxury hotel. There is no refrigerator, but the rooms are nice and right on the strip. Our experience was fairly good. I reserved online and requested a strip view, refrigerator, and King bed. Upon checkin we were told there were only 10 refrigerators for the whole hotel (standard rooms) and most were used for medications. The lady was very nice and upgraded us to a strip view for free since there were no more frigs left. Good to me - we just used the sink and filled it with ice every night. We were on the second floor and could see the eifel tower and the Bellagio fountains. It was beautiful at night. The bed was comfy, but I got cold so a few more blankets would have been nice. The airconditioner defintiley works here. Flat screen television was nice. there was a balcony but the windows are locked shut. There is plenty of room for two people, and for under $50 a night, center strip, you just can't beat it.The only bad thing I could say was just don't eat from the Victorian Cafe. It is horrible. The room service pizza is awesome though. There is no pool, but you can use the pool at the Flamingo which is right next door.	
Jul 8 2009 	Top quality at bargain price!	We stayed at Bill's for five nights in March 2009. We arrived around 11am and there was no problem checking in right away and no queues to check in either. We were offered our choice of a room with 2 queen beds or one king, we opted for one king and were given a HUGE room right at the back corner of the hotel on the top floor. I think it may have been part of a suite at some point as to get in you had to go through one door into a lobby area, off the lobby were two hotel rooms and a what looked like a parlour lounge area which was all locked up. Our room had a very retro feel, right down to a telephone in the huge bathroom!The bed wasn't particularly well made when we entered the room, but I've noticed this seems to happen sometimes with king size beds in hotels for some reason? Our room had a partial view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip which was cool.A very loud alarm went off at 4am one morning, some sort of fire alarm, warning us to &quot;stay in our room until further notice&quot; which was a little scary. Turns out water had got into the air con lines or something and triggered an alarm. Pretty minor inconvenience though.The location of Bill's just cannot be beat, especially for the price. You can go from your room to right in the middle of the action on The Strip within two minutes! Also, as it is only a small hotel, there were no long lines to check in, which we noticed at some of the other hotels when we were exploring. You also don't have to drag your bags right through the casino to check in.The staff were pretty good, except for one rude bellhop who yelled at us for pre-ordering a taxi and then not showing up, when we'd never ordered a taxi, we'd only checked out and then headed outside to ask for a taxi right then.Overall Bill's exceeded my expectations and is a great place for a cheap getaway to Vegas!	
Jul 8 2009 	Unbeatable Location 	Booked Bill's based on the reviews here - and they were pretty much spot on.The location is perfect - in my opinion (as a first time visitor) this was the best section of the strip to stay at. A good thing about being in a smaller hotel was that you were no sooner walking out of your room door and you were onto the strip. Some of the bigger hotels seemed to take forever to walk from one end to the other, let alone up 10-20 floors in an elevator.The room was better than expected, clean, very spacious and had a nice big TV. No fridge which is a shame, although I'm sure not many Vegas hotels do provide one. No complementary internet, but at these rock bottom room prices you can understand why. Wireless &amp; wired internet was available at a extra cost. We had a great view of the strip from our window looking straight out at the Eiffel Tower). Air-con was good, and kept the room cool despite the 40+ degrees outside.Most casinos in Vegas stank of cigerette smoke, but Bill's smelled the worst of the ones we visited. The room was fine, but the casino needed to do something about the ventilation (or give the carpets a good clean to get rid of the entrenched smell).No pool or gym but access to the Flamingos Pool was free (thankfully, due to the heat), and you received 1 free pass (Per person) to use the Flamingo's fitness centre.Would definitely stay there again for the price - almost unbeatable value overall.	
Jul 5 2009 	gritty 	I was drawn in by the $5.99 steak and eggs. I was met by the stench of beer and urine as I stepped out of my car in the parking garage. As I stepped off the elevator into the casino, three thuggish-looking characters were standing there. The casino has a very strong cigarette odor, so stay away if you can't handle that. So I finally get my table after a 30 minute wait. The waitress walks past our table about a dozen times before stopping to take our order. The steak was like a tire. It was chewy and almost impossible to cut with a steak knife. It also tasted like rubber. At least it has some low limit tables and is in the middle of the strip. Other than that, stay away	
Jul 3 2009 	excellent hotel	My husband &amp; i have visited Las Vegas many times and stayed at most of the &quot;big&quot; hotels but not again. We both found Bills excellent, the location superb, the rooms big &amp; clean with an opening window which was quite novel with warm, fresh air coming through. The staff were very helpful &amp; suppied a fridge for medication free of charge. Our room was on the 3rd floor and quite often we were the only ones in the lift which was a major bonus for me after staying in the Flamingo with the lifts always broken.We went to the pool in the Flamingo &amp; took a tip from another review &amp; walked through the staff car park which was much quicker than going through the Flamingo itself.Bills is old/quaint but after staying at Caesars a couple of years ago I would put the rooms on a pretty similar par with the standard rooms at Caesars, but much quicker to actually get out on to the strip.I really cannot fault this Hotel and will definately be staying again next year.	
Jun 30 2009 	Better than expected!	After staying w/ family in a more expensive hotel, we decided to stay at Bill's for our last night to save money. Much better than expected!! Nice LCD TV - better than the small thing at the &quot;nicer&quot; hotel. Great drink specials at the casino also!	
Jun 29 2009	Good Value	I stayed here with my niece and nephew. The Victorian decor was rather gloomy for my taste, but the other two (early 20s) liked it. Large rooms, comfortable beds, good restaurant (we only tried breakfast), at a reasonable price. Plenty of parking space. All clean and well-maintained. Staff pleasant and helpful. I had a room at the back of the hotel which was subject to a constant whirring from the kitchen flues, but it didn't keep me awake (and I'm a light sleeper). Otherwise, sound-proofing between rooms was excellent.One great advantage of this small hotel is the speed at which one can leave one's room and be at the centre of the Strip in 5 minutes.	
Jun 28 2009 	excellent location	Stayed for one nigth at the hotel on a quick break while on holiday on la. Hotel was easy to find and parking was very simple. took us a few minutes of walking around to find the check in desks but when found the staff were very nice and happy to check us in even thou it was only 10.30am. The room was good, nice big tv if you have time to watch. we unfortunatelty didn't get a view of the fountains but the view of the side of flamingos was fine. The location was perfect especially as we only had 24 hours there... you couldn't really get more centraland for the price it was fab. Didn't really get the chance to use any facilities so can't comment. were planning on using the flamingo pool next door as it was40 degrees, however after arriving it rained so gave up on the pool idea... it i also only open 10-5. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Excellent location good value	Liked just about everything, especially the central location. Very quick check-in/outSmall casino (easy to find way around)Large, clean room and comfortable bedNo coffee maker in the room but there is a Seattle’s Best Coffee downstairs.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great location great value great hotel	After booking flight to Las Vegas I turned my attention to where to stay. I had originally planned to stay at one of the bigger more well known hotels. After checking the reviews for some of these hotels I found that bigger does not always mean better. Then I came accross the review for Bill's. I was not sure at first but the location and the reviews appeared to be good so I decided to give it a go. I am so glad that I did. The location would be difficult to beat, accross the road from the Bellagio and Caersar,s Place, next door to Bally's and Paris, in other words right at the heart of the strip. Step out of Bill's and immediatly you are IN Vegas. The reception staff are very friendly and helpful, also we were checked in and in our room within 15 minutes of arriving at the hotel which I understand is not always the case at many of the larger hotels. The rooms were of a good size and very clean. We had e mailed the hotel in advance to request a room with a view of the Bellagio fountains which they were able to provide. The casino is small compared to some of the other more modern casinos but once you are at the gaming table all that matter is the table in front of you not the size of the building you are in. The $4.99 steak and eggs served between midnight and 6AM helps keep your energy levels up while gambling into the small hours. The only downside was the lack of a pool however guests are able to use the pool at the Flamingo next door. I will be planning another trip to Las Vegas in the near future and will definitly be looking at staying at Bill's again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great location brilliant value for money	After reading the reviews about Bills we thought we'd give it a try. We've stayed in Vegas several times in larger hotels but thought this place was terrific. It's central location on the strip was spot on. The room was very spacious with a view of the Bellagio fountains. We were unfortunate to be there when some roadwork was going on in the night but we were too tired out to notice! Would definitely go back there as the price is very reasonable and also the parking was excellent. Straight off Flamingo Road, parked up near the lift, straight into the lobby, perfect. No hike with your bags like with the some of the other hotels.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great hotel!	Don't hesitate to stay here... The rooms are much nicer than the casino area, and no big queues for lifts. Easy to find. Location - perfect - slap bang in the middle of the strip. We could see the Bellagio fountains from our room.Rooms - Large, clean - everything you needCheck in - effortless - No queues (and believe me, some of the bigger hotels had enormous queues)Casino - Just like any other! Only smaller so you don't get lost so easily.Price - FAR cheaper than the other hotels nearby - great budget hotel in a perfect locationPool - You have use of the Flamingo pool next door, which actually means that you probably have less of a walk to the pool than in some of the bigger hotels.	
Jun 20 2009 	Bill's vs Bellagio ..... and some tips	We came to Vegas for our 30th anniversary in December and you can read the reviews about the Bellagio and Venetian. So, how on earth can I compare these with Bill's. To be honest, I am getting very tired of &quot;business&quot; and so called luxury hotels. In general they are varying standard and take about 15 mins to get from your room to anywhere. I read a lot of the reviews - in the UK we have the travellodge and it is very comparable. We have stayed there now for two periods of a few days and will be going back for our last week. Tips**** Park yourself: Third floor is once more round the spiral and saves scrabbling for spaces on 2 which is where everyone else goes. There is no valet parking, but the distance from self park is the same as Bellagio's valet parking to the front desk - so long as you park close to a lift. *****Short Distances: Bring your cases down to the lobby and take another elevator up to your room with perhaps 2 mins walking. Compare that to a walk through the casino in almost every other hotel - yes you are still in the casino - and have to pass perhaps 4 slot machines on the way. *****Bring Slippers: Beds are reasonably comfortable and, being very fussy, I have not had any issues with cleanliness in the rooms except for the carpets. Yes the furniture is old, but bring a pair of £1 slippers and have a look at them after 5 mins and you will be glad you wore some. Honestly though, do you ever walk without slippers - I don't regardless of the quality of the hotel. It is cleaner than several of the rooms in the Flamingo next door - and I will never stay there again!*****Wallmark coffee machine (about $9). The booze is cheap but coffee on the strip is expensive. These machines pay for themselves after 3 or 4 cups. Although Bill's is right on the middle of the strip and there is lots of booze around, coffee was harder to find (except in buffets) though you can get some in the cafe downstairs. Having said that, we also bought one when we stayed at Bellagio due to the distances involved. Things I wasn't so keen on*****Noise - from Flamingo's on the Friday and Saturday ( but not in the week so much). We were on that side of the hotel and it was fairly annoying, but then you get what you pay for. I would imagine that the strip rooms are also fairly noisy with the road works at the moment, but that would be true of any hotel with strip rooms. *****If they overbook, they take you to Flamingo's. I would never stay there - see my review why. Things I Liked*****Helpful and friendly staff. Never had any issues, even when we left a phone charger.I read some derogatory comments in some of the reviews but I can honestly say all the staff we encountered were excellent and very pleasant. I think that some of them may have a reserved nature, but if you are nice to them, they certainly are nice back. ******Short checkin lines --- of precisely us. We looked over at Bellagio's to see what their new garden display was, and to be honest, every checkin was open and if I had just got off a plane, I am not sure I would have liked to join a queue of 15 or so people. I was shocked, but someone I was meeting booked into another large hotel and waited about 30 mins. ******&quot;Reasonable costs - read cheap. I always booked through their site as I have some particular medical needs which are very easy to annotate. *******Very short queues: except for the main bar and cafe at peak times*******Cafe: The special steak and eggs is ok - also comes with hash browns, coffee and toast. Miracle mile which is close also do breakfasts. There is a good range on the menu, but top prices are about the same as some of the buffets. Good or bad, you will always find I am very honest and sometimes a tad blunt. I write it as I see it. My wife and I were very happy at Bills and will be going back for another week before we fly out. We thought of trying TI only because it has a buffet and is also cheap- but then the Bellagio is about 5 mins across the road and that has the best buffet on the strip (TI buffet is also good, but the Luxor has gone down in quality when we went there a couple of weeks ago). We will be booking Bills again for the final week and might go to Bellagio's just because....for one or two nights before we go. Of course 1 might in Bellagio costs about the same as a week in Bills.	
Jun 18 2009 	who's bill?	bill's ain't no glitzy vegas hotel, but you only get what you pay for, after reading many reviews we decided to give it a try, found it great value for money ( read cheap), right in middle of strip, found staff generally accomodating and friendly, yes rooms decor abit dark and retro victorian furniture abit off putting at first but room clean and tidy, great big flat screen TV although the american tv obsession with adverts and weather every 3mins does your head in! and good powerful shower what more do you need?, you do get some strip noise but what do expect! yes air con noisy but it always is?, only gripe i found loo paper rough as the stuff you had at school!! take your own?, its a small 70's era vegas hotel with no pretensions and maybe all the better for it, checkout sin city brew co in planet hollywood miracle mile mall, great bar great beer!.	
Jun 17 2009 	Location Location Location	Bill's is in a great location. It may lose out on some facilities because it is a small hotel, but makes up for it in spades because there was no queue for check in (on Friday afternoon), or for check out. Some of the other queues we saw in other venues had 20+ people waiting.But back to location. It is right on the cross roads with Bally/Bellagio and Caesars, but wins out as it is only a minute from your room to the strip. Hotels like the Bellagio have the lobby way back from the strip, with the rooms even further away.From Bill's you can walk over half of the strip easily, which was a real bonus.Steak and Eggs for Breakfast, served from Midnight, was a bargain at $7, although there was always a 10+ minute wait to get a table, seemed like most of the time. Just put your name down and grab a beer..... They announce tables on the casino wide PA. We had a view of the car park behind Bill's but you don't go to Vegas to stay in your room. Otherwise it was the best value hotel we stayed in during our 10 day break in West Coast USA.Only regret was we never made the free Craps lessons at 10.00 in the morning!	
Jun 17 2009	Bill's Gambling Hall--Decent Place for the Price	I recently spent 1 night on the strip in Bills. I had a very good experience from Valet to check in. The room was large, clean. the furniture was Vintage style. Many have said it was &quot;dated&quot; but it is just not modern furniture. The WC was in the same room as the tub, the sink and clothes rack were seperated by a door to the bathroom. There was also a pocket door separating the entire bathroom from the bedroom.The room consisted of a large comfortable bed, two night tables spaced about a foot away from the bed on each side, 3 drawer dresser with a flat screen tv-possibly a 36 in. There was a desk with a straight back chair, dining talbe with 2 straight back chairs, Wi-fi was available. There was also one more chair in the corner. One think that I felt was lacking in the room was a stuffed comfortable chair. I enjoy sitting and relaxing in the room and not on the bed or a straightback chair.I had a partial view of the strip but was opposite Ballys The next morning I went to the Victorian Room for a early morning &quot;breakfast special&quot;. Food was good, but I felt $16.00 was high for eggs, bacon, toast, coffee and juice. The casino was laid out nice, and the Big Elvis show was entertaining. I would consider another stay at Bills in the future, and I will recommend it for someone wanting to stay center strip in a clean, small hotel.	
Jun 15 2009 	Pretty Much Perfect	Just got back from Bill's and I have to admit I was a bit fearful before I got there. The price and opinions of some people on the forum - who thought the place was a dump - had me worried that the hotel might have a negative impact on my holiday... Well, they must have ridiculously high standards.Besides from being clean, and I have big cleanliness issues. The room is huge. The shower was amazingly hot and powerful. The bed was probably the comfiest I've ever slept in. I got a partial view of the Bellagio fountains without even asking. The staff were nice and friendly. There were a fair few channels on the 42&quot; TV which I didn't watch much, but it was nice to have there.Check in was fast, I was the only one at the front desk and check out was almost as fast with 3 people behind the desk and about 7 customers including me checking out. Although the room was pristine when I checked in, the maid must have been in and out of my room in under a minute every other day I was there... 5 seconds of that time was spent on picking the tip up. At the end of my stay there was a layer of dust on the bedside table that was so thick I could've written a short story in it. The location is the best on the strip. Takes 15-20 seconds from walking in and getting to your room. Didn't play in the casino or eat there but as far as the room goes it's great, especially for the price.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location awful service	My husband and I booked a non-smoking room with a king bed online because there was a good price online. We arrive at the hotel and the front desk tells us that all non-smoking rooms with a king bed are on one side of the hotel, which happens to be a strip view, which will cost $10 more per night. I say that we booked this room online and paid already, and she said that the websites don't take strip view into account. So we were charged an extra $50 because we were staying for 5 nights. If we thought we could get a room at another hotel for a reasonable price and not have to pay cancellation fees at Bill's, we would have left right then. We felt completely taken advantage of. Also, housekeeping left our door open one day! We came back to our room early in the evening and our door was open! Fortunately nothing was stolen, but when we went to go complain to the front desk, there was no one there to staff it. The room itself was okay, but there is no comforter/bedspread on the bed, so if you get cold easily, bring a blanket. Also, one of the lightbulbs was out the entire 5 days we were there, internet costs $12 per day, and there are about 5 channels to choose from on your tv. This hotel is in a great location in the dead center of the strip, across from Caesar's Palace, and next to Monorail stops. In my opinion, the location is not enough to save this hotel. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.	
Jun 13 2009 	Nice Location but Room Needed Some Work	Check-in (5 stars)Room (2.5 stars) - room was dirty when we checked-in and we had to wait for a maid to come clean room_toilet was clogged and we had to call maintenance and he left the bathroom floor dirty_sink had a crack in it (age)_nice TVElevators (5 stars) - only two but they were usually quick which made quick access to your roomLocation (4 stars) - location was right in middle of strip but traffic was noisy_people were handing out the stripper cardsBeach/Pool - we did not use but had access to the Flamingo poolEntertainment - we did not go the Big Elvis show.Casinos (4 stars) - We did not play with equipment at Bills/Lobby (3 stars) - ok _ Nothing spectacularThis was our first stay in Las Vegas. We were not overall pleased with Bills, but it is VERY convientant and if you do not desire high comfort/amenities this might be the place for you.	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice (relatively) small Hotel in the middle of the strip	We had two nights here en route between the Grand Canyon and San Francisco. Good hotel at a bargain price and in the middle of the strip so well placed to wander from.	
Jun 6 2009 	Double surprise!!	First with Vegas - our first time in this wird and one of a kind city. Loved it!Sencond with Bill's Hotel. All people I know who has ever been to LV never had heard about this hotel but knew everything about the Flamingo/Bellagio/Caesar/Ballys, etc. Bill&quot;s location couldn't be better: in the center of Strip and sorrounded by the Bellagio,Caesar and Ballys. Cozy, clean, big double bed roon decoret in Britain style. A 42&quot; flat TV gives a touch of modernity to the roon. Easy check in and out. Very good prices if you book in advance as we did. Bill&quot;s Hotel is for those travelers who priorizes confort, cleaness , location and costs rather than the fancy and well known hotels Vegas has to offer. Very good indeed.	
Jun 5 2009 	The location on the "Four Corners" is the best!	I stayed here a few times 4-5 years ago when it was Barbary Coast and it was clean and the staff friendly and you do not have to walk for miles to your room. My girlfriends and I did not need luxury just a place to crash that was safe and clean. The location on the &quot;Four Corners&quot; is the best! I decided to take a chance and book it for our trip this May. We arrived for 2 nights and I asked for a view of Paris and the Bellagio fountains and we got it. The rooms are identical to the old Barbary Coast and quite large and CLEAN. They have 42&quot; hd tv's on the wall . Victorian Restaurant is open 24/7. We ate there a few times as it was convenient, the food is excellent and the prices great . Try the $14.99 Special Prime Rib . For the best location in Vegas and a reasonable rate this is a older but clean hotel with a wonderful staff.	
Jun 3 2009 	Loved it	We go to Vegas 1 or 2 times a year. We like to stay in the middle section of the strip. Had read some reviews on Bill's and was impressed thought I would try it. We booked the hotel with discount from players card so got a great deal. We got there, very small so easy to check in the lady at the front desk was very nice. Went up to our room and was impressed. We don't spend much time in the room, didn't ever even turn on the fancy TV but the beds were so comfortable and the room was CLEAN. I want a good bed and a clean room and Bills was wonderful. We ate at the Victorian and enjoyed it. We met some friends later in the week and moved over to Flamingo, we were so unimpressed with Flamingo we tried to go back but the rates were extremely high at that time. Next time I would definitely stay at Bills again.	
Jun 1 2009 	This one is a sure bet	What a fantastic experience - we were first time visitors to Las Vegas and spent 10 days at Bill's. We were really pleased with the location of this small hotel - right nextdoor to its big brother the Flamingo but with only 200 rooms it offered all the benefits of the bigger outfits at half the price.If you want to be right where the action is - Bill's shares the intersection with Bellagio, Bally's and Caesars - so you can't get any more central than that.Checkin and checkout is a breeze at Bill's - there were always 2 people on the desk - we didn't ever notice a queue (in the larger casinos with over 2000 rooms we witnessed incredible queues at registration- maybe they were giving something away?) All of our questions were fielded promptly - help and advice was given - requests were filled - all with a smile.Our room included an oversized king bed, a desk and chair, a table and chairs, a dressing room and walkin robe and a separate bathroom. And the window of our room overlooked the fountains of Bellagio.We were on the top floor - and although the traffic noise was audible - we were suprised how little we actually heard! We were sleeping easily until 10 and 11 in the day without any external noise disturbances.Bill's has some great restaurants - the chinese food menu was excellent and we enjoyed the don perignon and fillet mignon special at the steakhouse for mother's day - silver service and scrumptious!On the downside - and these were minor - the bath/shower didn't drain quickly so you were standing in ankle deep water (picky I know), we could have used a fridge in the room because of the lenght of our stay, the internet was available but was an add on charge so you had to &quot;register&quot; each 24 hours, and avoid the dry cleaning service - sooo expensive.But would certainly stay here again. Have the best memories of Vegas - thanks in part to Bill.	
May 28 2009 	Great location right price.	Stayed 5 nights at bill's right before the Memorial Day Holiday. The place hasn't changed much since it was the Barbary coast 7 that's both good &amp; bad. The good is a great location, very friendly &amp; efficient staff, a decent room and a good price. The bad is the hotel needs updating and the walls are fairly thin ( you hear all the hallway noise). Don't go for the pizza they advertise in the room it's just not that good.It lacks a lot of the special amenities that other hotels surrounding it have but if you are just looking for a convenient hotel in the middle of the strip for a good price it's tough to beat.	
May 27 2009 	Great location good price but not the nicest place in Vegas	If you want to have a cheap place to store your stuff while you are out and about in Vegas, Bill's is the place. We didn't spend much time in our room, but that's the whole point of Vegas, right? Couldn't beat the price and location! Our room overlooked the Bellagio Fountains and was under $50 a night (not sure if that special runs all year). Got to use the Flamingo Pools which was nice. I suggest you walk through the parking lots instead of the hotels themselves.	
May 26 2009 	Only one word to describe Bill's- AWSOME!	Bill's is truly the best bang for your buck in vegas! Check-in was so quick and easy, upgraded our room for $20 a night. Our room was on the first floor with a veiw of the bellagio fountians and the effiel tower. Even on the first floor there was NO problem with noise! The rooms were spacious and VERY clean. Stayed at the Luxor last trip and it doesn't even compare to bills! Bills doesn't have all the bells and whistles the big guys do, but the flamingo next door gives you access to all of their amenities (pool,spa). Loved this hotel and would definatly recommend to all!	
May 26 2009 	Best little secret in Las Vegas!	This was an unexpected very pleasant surprise! A little gem of a place right in the middle of the strip. Got a great deal on Priceline.com and was just a bit skeptical at first because of the very low price. I normally stay at Bellagio, North Strip in Hilton Las Vegas, or South Strip in Grand Resorts. I wanted to mix it up and spend more on shows and other stuff, figuring that I spend very little time in the room.Pros: Center of the strip! Right next to Flamingo on the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Strip. Connected via walkway to Bally's and across the street to Bellagio and Caesar's. View of Bellagio fountain out the corner was actually much better than the view I previously had in the Bellagio (out the back of the hotel) facing the Palms and Playboy Hotels. Small boutique hotel that used to be Barbary Coast, it's four stories which was great because you didn't have to walk miles through the casino to get to the elevator. In fact, I checked in quickly, and the elevator was right there next to an exit door, the cab pickup area, and the reception desk. There was easy access to everything! Nice shampoo and soaps from London. Ironing board/iron and hair dryer in the room. Large plasma TV. Room service was fast and fairly reasonable, but was only because I got in late and was hungry. Steakhouse downstairs was $50 for filet, salad, fresh strawberry dessert, and a glass of dom perignon. Don't forget the coupon at the front desk for 25% off your bill.Cons: Well, no real big ones. Queen sized bed needed replacing, as half was decent and half was squishy from use. If you're a light sleeper and are bothered by Vegas noise, bring ear plugs. Better yet, don't stay on the strip! Had one morning between 5:00 and 6:00 AM where the clubs were closing and the &quot;beautiful people&quot; (LOL!) were in their drunken stupors trying to hail cabs, running out in the street and blocking traffic, and overall being pains in the butt. Really didn't spend much time in the room except to sleep and shower. Shower was nice and the stained glass window in the shower opened outside (good touch, and let the steam out). Room was way bigger than I expected.Did some great shopping (off the strip). Signed up for rewards club and got some real bargain prices on food and shows. Whenever I got thirsty, I'd slowly stick a few quarters in the slots, get a free bottle of water from the runner, and move on. Tip: go to Fremont Street, Golden Gate. Hit up the $1.99 shrimp cocktail at the deli counter, and you'll get the biggest shrimp cocktail for the best price. Don't miss the free stuff like the Bellagio dancing fountains, the Mirage volcano, and the Treasure Island pirate fights (yes, it's now sexist ... instead of pirates beating the Brits, it's women beating up the men ... with plenty of comments from my fellow tourists about wanting to see the women lose in their wet t-shirts!). Went to a free concert in the park, which was a nice evening picnic and way to relax. Another hint: get your $20/20-minute reflexology foot massage at the Hawaiian Village. It'll do your dogs good, especially with all the walking on the strip.	
May 23 2009 	Sweet Suite on 4th Floor	Second time at Bill’s and I was wowed again. Suite on 4th floor overlooked Bally’s and Bellagio fountains, roomy, clean, and spacious. Easy to park, check in, and get to your room. Aracely was very pleasant and helpful at front desk as we arrived early. She called housekeeping to have our room ready in an hour. Very much appreciated. All staff we dealt with were exceedingly polite and friendly.Entering through the double doors, the suite had an L-shaped sofa and flat screen tv, bar area with sink, refrigerator and chairs, and a full dining room table with chairs, very nice view out that window. Half bath off to the side. Then into the bedroom area, king bed with armoire with tv, wing chair, night stands and lamps, glass block wall separating large jetted tub and sink area, then another window to the world below. Through another door to the stall shower with the stained glass window that opens.Since we just wanted a quick lunch, picked up a pizza at the Flamingo and brought it back to the room. We originally wanted to go to Battista’s Hole in the Wall for dinner, but we could not get a reservation until 9pm and figured we’d try something different. We took some advice and went to the Rio on the free shuttle outside Bill’s to the Gold Coast, and walked next door. We enjoyed the Rio World Buffet with it’s vast array of appetizers, main dishes and wonderful desserts. In fact, we had a coupon given to us at check-in at Bill’s which was a plus. We walked after dinner back up Flamingo Road (instead of the shuttle) to Caesar’s Palace for a while then back to Flamingo, Bill’s, Bally’s and Paris. Bill's has a Seattle's Best Coffee stand in the casino.Perfect location, right on corner between Flamingo and Bally’s, across from Caesar’s and Bellagio. The fountains again were beautiful, and we went up the Eiffel Tower during the day. You will see in the photo how small Bill’s is in comparison to the other giants, but you get a great room at a great price, easy to navigate and friendly staff. Hats off to you, Bill’s, once again! We'll be back!	
May 21 2009 	BEST VALUE ON THE STRIP	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel, it is opposite the Bellagio &amp; next door to Flamingos, literally smack bang in the middle of the strip.The rooms were huge,clean with a massive plasma in each of them, the decor is old style vegas,red velvet everywhere, real saloon style!The Victorian Room downstairs had fantastic food &amp; get this, 99c margarita's all day everyday!We had the Bellagio water show view from our bathroom window which was lovely &amp; all hotel staff were great.I had my 3 yr old with me &amp; they were very strict about me being anywhere near the gaming area with him which is fine. Probably not the best hotel for little kiddies, we went to Adventure Dome in Circus Circus for him, but I think Vegas is definetly more for adults, so wherever I would have stayed would have been the same.	
May 20 2009 	A little overrated but the service is excellent.	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this one is nice, but #13 in town? That seems high.The staff has to be the friendliest and most helpful in town, however. Management has to be commended for bringing such a wonderful group together.What makes this place special is it's location. It's right where you want to be, and cheap compared to it's neighbors, although like other hotels in the heart of the strip, they charge extra for more than 2 people in a room, which is a joke.You get free access to the fantastic pool next door at the Flamingo, although it's not convenient to get there.Very limited food options. One steakhouse, but also a $2 hot dog stand. Hard to find a good deal like that on the strip. My family has stayed in various places in Vegas, and my kids didn't like it here, because everywhere else in town is so over the top. But the rooms are very nice, the staff is great, and the location can't be beat.	
May 20 2009 	1st time visit to las vegas	Selected Bills hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor and was not disappointed.Used the airport shuttle bus $6.50 and from leaving shuttle to entering room took 5 minutes. receptionist very helpful and friendly. Room was huge with view of Bellagio fountains and Eiffle tower.Bills is centrally placed on the strip with MGM 30 minutes comfortable stroll to the left and Treasure Island the same to the right.The in house casino is not large by other hotel standards but is very easy to wander through , the strip being 2 minutes from the hotel elevators - very handy .No safe in the room but a safety deposit facility in the cashier's cage in the casino .ALL staff were very helpful and friendly throughout  my visit .During my trip I visited all the hotels and while most were more modern , they were too large for comfort, taking 10 mins or so to get from their reception to the strip . - give me Bills any day.Use the Duece bus for travelling further along the strip to Las vegas outlets , stratosphere and downtown. $3 a single trip or $7 for a 24 hour pass.Over 55's get a discounted entry and ride at the Stratosphere $16.50 for entry and 1 ride.Most hotels have buffet breakfasts around $16 and are very similar although each hotel has a different theme - I liked the Paris best , themed as street cafes , very atmospheric.If interested in the Gun store, have a buffet breakfast at MGM , then cross the road to the Tropicana and catch the bus 102 which drops you off ouside - $4 all day pass , better than $15 taxi each way  - package deal was $99 for  pistols, 25 shots and 2 sub machine guns , 3 magazines  with a free T shirt-- big boys toys but well worth it.Ths shopping is overwhelming and different in each hotel .Within 20 mins walk either way along the strip is a Walgreens store , useful for everday items, pop, chocolate etc. - also a Buirger King and Dennys  15 mins towards Treasure Island.Don't miss the free slot machines, $1 beers and marguaritas at the Imperial Palace to the left  along the strip. Overall a fabulous 1st time visit centered on Bills gambling Hall. I will definitely come back to Las Vegas and will certainly stay at Bills again.	
May 18 2009	LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION!	We have been staying there every summer for several years and wouldn't stay anywhere else. View from our room on 4th floor was of Eiffel Tower and Bellegio Fountains and strip. It is just 3 minutes from room to strip and they have shuttles to go to places off strip. Staff was great and gambling even greater. We ate almost all meals at the Victorian Room and loved all of them. It is everything we want plus very reasonable price and very clean. We also enjoed Big Elvis in the evenings.	
May 16 2009 	Excellent Location - Excellent Price - No Need To Spend More!	This hotel is perfect for the budget traveller and the location is pretty much unrivalled being opposite the Bellagio and Caesars palace. The selling point for us was the free parking which is situated within the hotel. This car park is free to everyone and not just hotel guests but has plenty of spaces. Bill’s Gamblin Hall is one of the less fancy casinos but still has charm. The room was very nice, with views of the strip, and a 42” LCD TV, breakfast is not included but the hotel does have two restaurants however food is not far whichever direction you head down the strip. I would stay here every time. Unless you really want to splash and out and live it up then stay here and spend the money you save enjoying yourself!	
May 16 2009	A worthwhile place to stay	Bill's is a great place to stay if you want great value and excellent location. We paid $45.00/night. It is easy to get around in and has some of the &quot;old Las Vegas charm&quot;. Beautiful wood and stained glass is evident throughout including in the rooms. It was wonderful to not have to get a map to figure out how to get to and from your room. As well, the very quick access to the strip and it's central location are bonuses. It doesn't have a pool but you can use the Flamingo one (hotel next door) which is beautiful and large. A word of advise: many of the nicer spots are taken by 8:30 a.m. at the pool so if that's important, go early. The Victorian room restaurant isn't that big but certainly is busy. The service is usually fast except when they are really busy. The wait staff aren't overly friendly but the food is quite good with reasonable portions. It isn't cheap but reasonable compared to other places on the strip. They have breakfast specials before 6 a.m. &amp; a prime rib dinner for $14.99 that runs 24 hours/day. The rooms are exactly as you see in their advertised pictures. The bathrooms do have a stained glass window that opens. The window in the room is like a patio door but does not open. Air conditioning worked great. Bed and pillows were comfortable. Our only complaint was that housekeeping did a poor job. We called the supervisor one morning to complain and there was only a slight improvement after that. Our ice bucket was left full of water each day with no new ice bag. No soap was left as well as the dirty cups were not replaced. The mirror in the bathroom as well as the hairdryer needed some cleaning. One day, our air conditioning was turned off and the heat turned on! The temperatures ranged in the high 90's on our visit so we didn't appreciate that much. We requested a coffee maker and got one but I wouldn't bother. I had to clean it as it had old coffee grounds caked inside and the coffee they give you is beyond disgusting. The front desk staff were very helpful and accommodating. When we mentioned some noise from service elevators next to our room they moved us to a view room (that is usually $20.00 night extra) without our asking for a change. The view was from the far side of our window &amp; looked out at the Paris tower and the Bellagio fountains. It was nice to see but I wouldn't pay the extra money to see those things unless it is something that is very important to you. How long would you stand at the side of your window looking at them to warrant that extra money each night? There is a good amount of slot machines &amp; tables for gambling &amp; also a few bars. Seattle's coffee is at front of the casino. Coffee tastes better &amp; is more reasonably priced than most places on the strip. They have a small assortment of squares/cookies too. If the housekeeping had been better I would give this hotel a 5 star. Hopefully that is something they improve upon in the future.	
May 12 2009 	Good choice for weekend getaway. Excellent location.	We booked this hotel over the telephone. Their direct line rates were the same as their online rates. No AAA discount anymore. No other offers, specials, discounts, even though Vegas is supposedly hopping with them. We chose this hotel based on location and what we saw during a visit and stay at the Flamingo (Inext door) in 2008. Bill's has no pool, but guests have pool privleages next door at Flamingo. Great location on center strip. We arrived in Las Vegas at 8:30 a.m. and walked around until 11:00 a.m. making our way from MGM to Bill's (we had backpacks only). No rooms at 11:00 a.m. Were told to try again at 2:00 or 2:30 p.m. One lady at the front desk was nice, the other girl was not very friendly. Called back from Margaritaville at 2:00 and our room was ready. The registration desk is very small and next to the line for one of the restaurants inside. It made the Flamingo check-in desk look glamorous. Bill's is a very smoky casino, but you can enter/exit, very close to the registration desk/elevator which is nice. Our room overlooked the corner of Flamingo/the strip. You could watch the fountains at the Bellagio. BUT, we were just a couple of floors up so it was VERY NOISY. Especially Saturday and Sunday evenings. Lots of horns honking, construction sounds, sirens, people yelling until 4:30 a.m. Slept with ear plugs those nights. Monday night much quieter. Our standard room was MUCH BETTER than our standard room at the Flamingo in 2008: bigger, better style, newer looking. Our rate was about $97 average over the 3 nights, which was more than were were hoping to pay given all the &quot;hype&quot; in the news about &quot;vegas deals&quot;. Even when we checked in we tried to get our AAA discount but no luck. This did work for us at the Flamingo in 2008 (they wouldn't give AAA over the ph or online but at the front desk they did). Sign up for the Bill's Players Club to get discount at Margaritaville next door in the Flamingo. We had room service one night. Pizza and salads. It was so-so if you didnt' want to go out. We had a window that opened in the shower. Nice!	
May 12 2009 	Perfect if you want the full Vegas experience . . .	. . . which includes great location, big, comfortable room with views of the Bellagio fountains and no sleep. I booked this hotel for its great value ($79 total/nt on priceline) and because I wanted to experience what Vegas is. And I did because Vegas is a city that doesn't sleep and neither did I. A strip view room has a great view, but remember that construction on the strip goes 24/7 and even my trusted earplugs couldn't block it out. If we were staying longer, I would have asked to move to a different room.So, if you want to party and sleep is the last thing on your mind -- this place is perfect for you!Service in the hotel, just like everywhere in Vegas, is all about tips. And internet costs extra too.	
May 11 2009 	Rude staff and No room service on my wedding night!	My husband and I were in Vegas to get married. We booked 2 rooms at Bill's for a week, one for us and one for our 2 best friends. When we arrived and checked in, no one helped us with our luggage or even offered to. We got to our rooms, they were decent- nice flat screen t.v, but they only got like 6 channels and most were spanish and news. After 20 min., when I went to smoke a cigerette I noticed there was no ashtray. I called the front desk and found out we were in non smoking rooms. I would NOT have booked non- smoking rooms! We definitley needed to move to smoking room. We were moved, but the front desk receptionist gave us such an attitude and told us we were in the other rooms for a long time and now the housekeeper had to do that room. Which is stupid cause we didn't even use anything but the garbage can and I even took that out when we moved! So after we dragged our luggage back down to the lobby and then back up to our new rooms we got settled in. The housekeeping was ok, they made up our room whenever we had the sign on the door handle to do so.  That brings me to our wedding night. My new husband and I were enjoying eachothers company and decided to celebrate with a bottle of Jack Daniel's delivered to our room, that was listed in the room service menu for $45 (+ service charge). I called down to room service to get that and charge it to the room. They put me on hold for a few seconds and then told me I could not charge it to the room. I'm thinking that's strange since the room was linked to my credit card when I checked in. So, my husband went to the lobby to get some cash. When he got back I called room service again and it just rang and rang...noone answered. I tried back 5 min. later and they took the phone off the hook!!! When I finally got through they told me that with a huge attitude that I could not get that bottle of Jack up to the room because they &quot;were to busy!&quot; !! So, I asked if I went down to the bar, would it be the same price for the bottle as it says in the room service menu. She was like &quot;honey, I don't know anything about that&quot;!(That B didn't seem to know anything about much!) So My husband and I got dressed and walked next door, all the way through the Flamingo to find a store. When we finally got back to our room, I hopped in the shower and then asked my new hubby to hand me a towel. There was none... housekeeping had taken the dirty ones and forgot to leave any! By that time housekeeping was closed and not open till the morning and I wasn't about to deal with the RUDE staff anymore that night! I had to air dry. So the location of Bill's is great, right in the middle of everything. But, the service is horrible and the staff is rude. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!	
May 9 2009 	Brilliant Location on the Strip	Stayed here for 10 days. Fabulous location - opposite Caesar's Palace, Bellagios &amp; Ballys. Room was good size &amp; clean. We could see some of the Strip even though we had a side view. Ate in the Victorian Room for breakfast most mornings &amp; twice for dinner. The food was lovely &amp; there was a good selection. The breakfast staff in the restaurant were very friendly &amp; good. Due to the hotel being smaller than most on the Strip, there was no queuing at reception. There is no swimming pool but guests have access to the pool in the Flamingo next door which we used a lot. Great value for money. Highly recommended.	
May 7 2009 	Can't beat the location for the price	It was great staying at Bill's being right on the Strip within striking distance to everything. Another nice thing is from the casino floor, you can get to your room right away as opposed to the huge hotels where it's a 10 minute hike from front desk to your room (of course those rooms are a little fancier). The room felt a little old fashion, yet clean. It did have a fancy flat screen tv, yet they don't have HD picture which doesn't make sense. One drawback was our shower was a little slow to drain.Not that they checked for our room key, but the Flamingo pool was wonderful. People everywhere (good or bad) and not a bad walk considering it is in a neighboring casino. Being a gambling beginner, Bill's was even a good place for us to gamble and drink on the cheap. Would definitely stay again at the price on a high-priced, Vegas packed, big-fight weekend.	
May 5 2009 	Here for the Beer!	I didn't actually stay at this hotel, but found it a great place to drink if you just want to hang out for a while and not gamble. You could get a pitcher of beer for $5-$6. Anywhere else on the strip is $7 a bottle for domestic.	
May 2 2009 	Great value Great location	Stayed for 3 nights. Asked for a strip room and got a great side strip view for no extra cost, high floor as requested (visible - Eiffel Tower, Bellagio fountains). Quiet enough. Very clean. V nice staff. I agree with all the positive comments from other guests.I would add: The furniture, fittings were much better quality than I expected at these prices (around $50 for a big double queen). Nice big, solid looking wood cabinets, chairs, table etc, quality mattress, flatscreen tv etc. V pleasantly surprised.I thought it would be motel-basic at these prices but the room was quite plush!We've stayed at the Bellagio before and to be honest, there's not a lot of difference in the actual rooms! Ok, it lacks the glitz and glam, but this is a clean, decent, well run place, with a relaxed atmosphere. I would stay there again.	
May 1 2009 	They are small they are friendly they go out of their way they are perfectly located. . .	Give them a try. We hadn't even heard of them until we saw an ad for them. I called and we made our reservations. They let us check in early. Their comps are good for food, souveniers, etc. (We didn't pay for even one meal in cash - used our players club cards.) Again, they are small, but just really helpful and friendly. They are located across the street from Caesar's and we had concert tickets there. We'll go back.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location on the Strip	Read reviews before bookings. The hotel has a great location on the strip. The casino is too smoky for me but if you're a gambler who cares. Our room was on the back side of the hotel which was ideal for us as it was quiet. Large size with two queen size beds, desk and table. Bath and toilet were in a seperate room from the sink. Decor was good.Two elevators provided quick access to floor. Didn't notice any undesirables wandering the halls.Check in and out were a lot faster than the major hotels on the strip.We didn't eat at the hotel restraurant so can't comment on them.	
Apr 25 2009 	Good value and excellent location but some disappointments	My husband and I stayed here for two night in March 2009 as part of a wider trip around the States. We paid an average of $47.50 plus tax per night for a standard king room. As other reviewers have noted, the hotel is in an excellent location in the middle of the Strip and the room was of a reasonably good quality and spacious. We were happy with and the level of cleanliness. Another reviewer commented that the bin etc was not emptied but we didn’t have any problems with this – the service of the room was fine; and that their towels weren’t changed – again we didn’t have any problems with this, as with many other hotels in the area Bill’s has a policy of only changing towels when you ask (ie indicated by placing them on the floor etc) to conserve water and we were happy to use the same towels for two nights.Our one problem was that there was quite a bit of traffic noise but I am guessing that this is probably the case with a lot of Las Vegas hotels. Also we had requested a room with a Strip view and we did get one sort of looking sideways down towards Paris Paris but in retrospect it might have been better to get a back-facing room that might not have had a view but might have been quieter.We also made a couple of non-local calls and were charged an exorbitant connection fee which was not made clear at all in the information about making calls that was provided in the room. Maybe our own fault but I still felt it was very disingenuous not to make it clear to people – we left the hotel with a bad taste in our mouths and the feeling we had been tricked. This, and the traffic noise, is the main reason why I’m giving the hotel three stars rather than four.We didn’t eat dinner at the hotel but we did have breakfast there one morning (cereal and fruit etc although cooked food was also available) – it was OK but for the second more morning we realised it only cost a few more dollars to go to the all-you-can eat breakfast buffet at Treasure Island (or presumably other breakfast buffets), which was much better value. We’d recommend the buffet at Treasure Island (we also had dinner there one night) as mid-range ie while not the cheapest nor the fanciest it was good quality and had a wide choice.While we were at Vegas we went on a day trip to the Grand Canyon with Papillon Tours. The one we went for included an aeroplane flight to the canyon, a helicopter tour, lunch at a local hotel and a coach tour to a couple of spots along the Canyon. I’d definitely recommend this if you’re short of time and don’t have time to actually stay at the Canyon.	
Apr 24 2009 	Best value on the strip	The best thing about Bill's is the location. Not just that Bellagio and Caesar's are right across the street, at a central location on the Strip, but the hotel and casino is small, really small by Vegas Strip standards, so it doesn't take you half an hour to walk from the casino door to your room. Beyond that, you get a decent room for a very reasonable price. The place is essentially a throwback to the days when Strip hotel/casinos didn't necessarily take up several square miles. This was a real place for regulars back in the day, and it has retained some of those elements even in its current corporate ownership. Also, if you're driving, the parking garage is also very conveniently located.It's not a five-star hotel experience by a longshot, but if all you need is a clean and comfortable place to flop on your Vegas weekend of gambling and partying, this is your most economical option.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great value and perfect location!	My boyfriend and I stayed at Bill's for two nights in February this year. We wanted to stay on the strip but not spend too much money on a room. Bill's is perfect for anyone wanting the same!We had breakfast downstairs once which was ok. I would recommend heading to some of the buffets at nearby hotels though.The rooms looked exactly like the pictures on Trip Advisor. The room was very clean, as was the whole hotel. The casino downstairs is not the best but it is in such a great location that the best is only a short walk away! .	
Apr 22 2009 	A little Treasure	A party of 12 of us stayed at Bills for a week in March 09.This hotel is in an excellent location with hotels such as The Bellagio, Ceasers Palace and the Flamingo for neighbours. The rooms are large,clean with a very large comfortable bed. The plasma TV is a bonus. Our room was on the 4th floor with a great side view of the Bellagio fountains.Breakfasts were good value and the 2$ hotdogs were ideal for a snack on the run.If you enjoy a beer you can buy a bucket of Coors light for 7$ (this holds approx 3 pints)Big Elvis is really good if you like that kind of thing, every one of his shows were packed There is a TIX ticket office in the entrance of the hotel where you can buy discounted tickets for shows. We went to see the Cirque Du Soliel show &quot;KA&quot; at the MGM Grand, it was superb, well recommendedWe found this hotel to be informal and welcoming which made for an enjoyable stay even some of the croupiers helped us novices enjoy a game of roulette or two.There are some fantastic hotels in Vegas , great to visit and see the sights, but we are delighted we chose Bills as a base. This hotel really does what it says on the tin. Looking forward to our next visit and yes, we will stay at Bills	
Apr 21 2009 	Wow - I love BILLS!!!	If you have stayed at any of the Boyd properties, you know how the room is laid out at Bill's. Nice oversize rooms, these have flat panel tv (nice touch) and small sitting area. The bathroom is split with a sink dressing area, which tends to be the only problem as the counter space for the sink is not large and a bit cut up due to the split, but still it works, and then a tub/shower combo with toilet. Plenty of clean towels. Rooms were quiet, unless you left the window in the bathroom open...since we had a strip view room and were not really high up, we got to listen to all the partying. Closed the window, no problems. However, since some people are REALLY picky, I will say that even with the air on and the window closed, we could still hear the sirens when they went buy, but hey, we were right on the strip. If you don't want the noise, don't get a strip view, and/or bring ear plugs. The coffee shop is just ok. The casino is kinda ok, not very big but you can walk to all the big expensive ones. We love Bill's and recommend it highly!	
Apr 21 2009 	GREAT LOCATION - GREAT SIZE	Bill's is the best location for your buck. It is directly across from Bally's, next door to Flamingo and diagonally across from the Bellagio. This allowed us to get to all the nice sites and casinos in good time considering all the foot traffic and stops at the many shops in every casino. It is also the location of Tix 4 Tonight which sells discount tickets to shows for that night as well as discounts to different restaurants. They post the schedule at 9:30am and start selling at 10. The line starts forming around 9:30ish and things do sell out so get there early for best options.We preferred walking up the strip toward the Venetian and Fashion Show Mall as opposed to the other direction - MGM and Luxor. It was a much nicer walk toward Venetian. The walk toward MGM is not nearly as nice, lots of construction and cheap looking places...although maybe there were bargains to be found.My husband and I arrived late on Thursday night and had no wait to check-in to our room. The first room we had was on the Flamino side and was quiet, but it was equipped with a handicapped restroom (room 256?) which my husband was not comfortable with. We asked to change rooms and for our trouble we were upgraded to a room with a view ( Bally's). This room (#462) was quite a bit different than the previous. It was not renovated and was a little weird and the view was not worth the added expense if you choose to upgrade. The one plus was that the shower had a steam vent in it and it worked very well. This room was very noisy due to the street noise as well as the room next door. To enter this room, you had to go through a common door that lead to 2 rooms and this exterior door made a lot of noise when the people in the other room came and went. The next day we asked to be moved again to the quiet side of the hotel. Once again the staff was extremely accomodating. We were put in room 451, a few doors down from 462 on the opposite side of the hall. This room was renovated as you can see from the pictures I've included. We were told that you can hear the fans from the Flamingo at all times. This did not bother me because it was a low hum...similar to white noise and I believe it probably helped me to sleep better, however if you think this will bother you, stay away from this room and inquire about the room you do get to make sure you are away from the fans. As far as the size, the rooms were spacious and the size of the hotel is not overwhelming like much of the rest of Las Vegas is. You can get to the street from your room in less than 5 minutes, which I hear is not the case w/ the larger hotels...(15-20 min). I don't know about you, but I like to maximize my time and that does not include taking 15-20 minutes to get to/from my room out to the street. The other benefit is check-in and check-out time was seemless and quick. Again, maximize your time. We went to use the pool at the Flamingo and couldn't believe the excessive check-in line at the reception desk. I'm sure people would be in that line for at least 30-60 minutes.We took advantage of the $5.49 steak and egg special in the Victorian Room. It came with 2 eggs, hash browns, toast and the steak. Everything was good except the steak...to be expected for $5.49. We can now say we were able to take advantage of one of those unbelievable great food deals, but you do get what you pay for and there are so many good restaurants to choose from, why waste your calories on mediocre food.Some of the great free things to do while you are there are: 1. Bellagio fountains - these are shown every 30 minutes in the day and every 15 minutes at night and they are played to one song. 2. Bellagio Conservatory - this is a changing exhibit and is well worth your time. 3. Sirens of Treasure Island - this is a Risky Pirate show in front of Treasure Island, get there early for a decent view. This show (15 - 20 minutes) starts at 7pm and then is shown every 90 minutes after. It was well done, but may not be suitable for children. 4. Volcano at Mirage - hourly shows starting at 8 pm. There are many other free things to see and do, but these were our favorites.	
Apr 19 2009 	home from home	just returned from a weeks stay at fabulous Bill`s Gamblin hall in the heart of las vegas. Have to say although i was blown away by the sheer scale and opulence of the hotels surrounding Bill`s they were nothing like as warm and cosy. After a long day`s sightseeing coming back to Bill`s felt like coming home, the staff and facilities were fantastic and although there were no huge malls or gyms they were just what we needed i.e accessible, immaculately clean and with a personal, friendly touch that i felt was lacking in some of the bigger resorts. If ur looking for opulence and all the facilities you`ll could need not to have to leave a hotel then Bill`s is probably not for u but if it`s a clean, friendly hotel with quick and easy access to comfy, cosy rooms without having to battle through a check-in queue that goes on for days then look no further. I haven`t even mentioned the location yet, talk about a lucky break when us tired and weary travellers pulled up at our hotel and found it slap bang in the middle of the ideal base for discovering vegas, with Caesar`s palace, the Bellagio, Bally`s, Paris and The Flamingo literally on the doorstep not to mention the ease of access to the monorail we couldn`t have picked a more perfect and not to mention reasonably priced location to explore this amazing city and so I`d like to say thanks to Bill`s for being my home away from home whilst i was a long way from mine!	
Apr 12 2009 	Great base for Vegas explorations	I really enjoyed staying at Bill's. It's bang on the middle of the Strip, has clean rooms, friendly staff and a much more intimate atmosphere than some of the other hotels I've stayed in - also due to its smaller size. It's also a nice and relaxed place to stay for a drink, e.g. while listening to Big Elvis. I'm not that much into the Vegas trip (went there for a conference), so this hotel made it a much more pleasant experience.Btw the hotel does not have fitness/pool facilities, but you get a card to use the Flamingo's facilities right next door.	
Apr 11 2009 	Excellent value	I stayed here for 2 nights in March 2009. Pros: Clean and comfortable rooms, very cheap, great locationCons: The traffic noise from the strip was pretty loud overnight despite the double glazing.It was by far the best value of all the hotels I stayed in while touring the USA. You can't go past this one if you're looking for a low cost, good quality hotel.	
Apr 10 2009 	Definately Plan On Staying Here Again.	Bill's Gamblin' Hall and Saloon is probably one of the best values for your buck in Las Vegas!We arrived at the hotel long before check in time and they were very accomadating with storage for our luggage and then checked us in at noon instead of the standard 3 o'clock check in. The hotel is an older one, and was not meant for the traffic that they get in the lobby. The front desk isn't situated in the best place, but the desk clerks were very pleasant as were the bell boys. The one bell boy in particular was very pleasant and remembered us when we needed to store our luggage at check out as we had a later flight!Once we got to our rooms, we were very pleased. The beds were newer and as comfortable as our bed at home. A large plasma screen tv (which was only turned on once). Spacious storage in the dresser for all of our clothes. The bathroom is older, but clean, and i particularly liked the stained glass window in the bath.You couldn't ask for a more central location than Bill's, across from Harah's and Ceaser's and kiddie corner to the Bellagio. There is a discount ticket desk (tix4tonight) right in the hotel, a 2.00 Corona bar, and a .99 Margarita right in the hotel. This hotel was very convenient for all amenities.The best thing about this hotel is price. For our party, our view on things is that you are only in your room to sleep so you don't need to be in the lap of luxury. And when we returned home, my husband was curious and had to calculate how many hours we actually slept, and we ended up spending a mere 20% of our time in our room, with a total sleep time of 32 hours in 144.	
Apr 8 2009 	Clean and comfortable and conveniently located rooms.	My husband &amp; I stayed at Bill's March 2 - 4, 2009. The casino is a bit smokey but it is not as bad as some casinos in Las Vegas. The smoke does tend to travel up with the elevator (we were on the second floor) but even though I have some bronchial problems I did OK when we were not in the casino for too long. We don't gamble but we did stay for the 'Big Elvis' show and that was fun. Bellagio view? We arrived at the casino before noon and they had a room ready for us. We did not ask for but were given (at no additional cost) a room facing the strip where we could see the Bellagio fountains. But you really can't hear the music too well from the room due to all the street noise so it was not that enjoyable to view from the room. I certainly would not pay extra for a Bellagio fountain view because it is not that far to walk to get the whole experience which is so much better to be right there with the music and the power of the fountain waters. Sound resistant walls: It appears that all the doors to the hotel rooms have about a one inch gap at the bottom and because of that, noise would filter in &amp; out of rooms. But I am more adverse to sound coming through the walls and we had no problem with hearing anyone through the walls from the rooms on either side of us for the whole duration of our stay. I just used a towel to put at the bottom of our door and kept it in a drawer to use each night. The drapes on the window were heavy enough to keep the room dark after the sun came up in the morning. Outside, across the street, off to the left of our window was a large LED screen with rotating pictures and the drapes were helpful in eliminating that light as well. Some have mentioned that there was a security guard at the elevator but we never saw one and we were in and out a lot. But, I never felt insecure about my safety except for the not so secure looking door lock when we first arrive. I guess I got use to it. Also, I never found any employees at Bill's that were friendly but I never encountered any who were rude. A little indifferent maybe, but not down right rude. Roomy and clean rooms: The rooms at Bill's are a nice size to move about in easily - a king bed, desk, 2 side tables, a double dresser and a small round table with 2 chairs. There is a big screen TV on the wall that we could view while sitting in bed. It came in handy for the news. There is no weather channel available though. The carpet was very clean and I felt comfortable walking in my bare feet. The bedding was clean and neat and nothing in the room was tattered looking. And the pillows smelled free of odors. The bathroom is a bit small - one sink with maybe 6&quot; on one side and 2 feet of counter space on other side. We were able to scrunch both of us in at the sink counter at one time, it was doable but cramped. With a little cooperation between us we were able to alternate sink times. The closet area (in the bathroom) was maybe 3 or so feet of space. The toiletries were minimal but enough for our stay. There is a hair dryer, an iron and ironing board in the bath room. On close inspection of the caulking around the tub I found only a couple small mildewed stained areas. All the tile grout looked very clean. That was our room experience.Well, I think I pretty much covered the rooms of the hotel so the following info is about a few other experiences at the hotel and then outside on the streets of Las Vegas. I hope our experience will be helpful to you.Bill's for breakfast: We ate breakfast one late morning in the hotel restaurant. It was about 11:00 am and we had to wait for 20 minutes to be seated. We shared an omelet which was just so-so. The service was slow and our server was not very attentive. The 99 cent margaritas are in the back, straight back form the elevator (with elevator on your left side) at a small bar. They are small margaritas and there isn't much alcohol in them. They didn't seem worth it to me. Free Big Elvis show: We kept missing the Big Elvis show because we did not realize that the small number of seats get taken 45 mins or so before the show begins. If you don't get a seat then you have to stand and I found myself in the way of people trying to move to and fro so we left. After learning when the show times were we managed to get a seat on the last day of our visit. He really does a good job of sounding like Elvis. I am not a very big fan of Elvis' music when he was into the Las Vegas scene and that is primarily the songs that Big Elvis sings. But, it was the showmanship and his interactions with other people and how much others got into the show that made it so much fun. Before he came out we were told that he had lost 500 lbs over a few months sometime during this last year. Sorry, I don't remember the amount of time. The show is free.Convenience store: If you would like to purchase your own alcohol for less money then you can easily walk to a handy little convenience store nearby. When you walk out of the entrance to Bill's (entrance closest to the elevators), make a left and walk about 2 blocks (approx. 106 Flamingo RD.), there on your left around the right side of the building next to the parking lot is the store connected to the back side of a store front casino. The prices there were better than some places along the strip. This being 2009 in Vegas, you can walk with your own drink down the street or into the casinos. My husband &amp; I share our meals so going to the Buffet for us is not a good enough deal. I thought that an awful lot of restaurants along the strip were too expensive so we ate in some of the indoor malls at the food courts where the prices were better. We would have driven off the strip but we were without a car.We walked nearly everywhere we went because there is one place after another to stop and see. Also, it is great when you have to find a restroom because they are all right there in the casinos for anyone to use. Deuce Double Decker bus: We did get a 24 hour pass one day to ride the Deuce Double Decker bus down to Fremont Street Experience, downtown for the evening light show &amp; then later back to the hotel. The next day, we road the Deuce all the way to it's transit center but for the return trip ride everyone had to disembark at the transit center and board another bus. The Deuce bus does not stop just anywhere you want along the line. There is one stop in Front of the Flamingo Hotel and to learn of the others just do an internet search on The Deuce Las Vegas. It cost us $7.00 each for a 24 hour pass or $3.00 one way. A 24 hour pass only got us 4 good rides. You still have to walk in-between bus stops and sleep sometime during that 24 hours. If you have a group it might be better to take a cab. The Deuce will also take you to the outlets mall.City bus to and from airport: My husband and I flew into Las Vegas airport and took the city bus to Flamingo Rd. where we then walked to Bill's (about a 2 mile walk) but you can stay on the bus until you get to Desert Inn Rd. and then take the monorail to the MGM and then walk to Bill's (10 min. walk). On the return trip to the airport it is much easier. You walk about one mile east on Flamingo Rd (toward Paradise Rd.) and catch the city bus off of Paradise Rd to the airport. The bus was only $1.75 per person - that is much less than any other means of transport back and forth. Just make sure you have the correct change because the bus driver does not have change to give you. You could also take a bus east on Flamingo Rd. and get off at Paradise Rd. for the bus to the airport. This mode of transport is customary in a lot of other countries we have visited and we look at is as part of the adventure and good exercise for the body and mind. For times and bus schedules just do an internet search for Las Vegas transportation. Also, google maps provides public transportation information for where ever you need to go, if transport is available there. Fremont Street Experience: Last year I was in Vegas with 3 girlfriends (we drove) and the Fremont Street Experience (a 90-foot LED graphic display canopy and 540,000 watt sound system) was really cool but this year they were not showing the same light show and I did not like it at all. Also, this year the center walkway in this downtown location was full of street vendors with their carts and the atmosphere was not as festive. Pasta Pirate Restaurant: That evening downtown looking for a place to eat, my husband and walked out of Fremont St. and took a right on East Ogden Ave. We walked about 2 blocks (12 East Ogden Ave.) to the California Hotel &amp; Casino and found a restaurant there named 'Pasta Pirate' (there were others also). We did not have a reservation so we had to wait about 15 mins in the lounge which was comfortable and the beer was only $3.00 ea. We shared the Chicken Portobello for $17 and it was wonderful and a lot of food. They also include a glass of house wine (it was not to my liking) and a salad. They split it for us at no additional charge. It also comes with white rolls but we don't eat white flour products so we asked if they had any bread that was whole wheat. They did not but our waitress immediately asked the bus boy to go next door (without our suggesting) where they had whole wheat rolls and gave us those at no extra charge. Even when we first entered the restaurant the hostess was very friendly as well as the bartender in the lounge. Nearly every patron there was having the 6 oz. filet with the baby lobster tail, including glass of house and house vegetables and pasta or rice with bread and soup or salad for $19. It looked amazing and the next time I go that is what I will order. From the demeanor of the other patrons, I gathered that quite a few of them were locals. If you want to see their menu, do a search online - it's all there. Oh, and the atmosphere was cozy. I have been in some very swanky places on business trips and I must say that our experience with the employees at the Pasta Pirate was top class. I hope that is the rule there and not the exception.The M &amp; M store on the strip is my favorite store because there are so many cute products to purchase or just look at. Some are very expensive and some are very inexpensive. Free show at Venetian: We also happened upon a free show in the Venetians Grand Canal Shoppes in St. Mark's Square. It was 3 women looking like statues (referred to as The Living Statues) with water coming out of their finger tips and hair tops. When the music started they began making slow and graceful movements. I don't know what time of day it generally occurs but I would imagine that the Concierge would know.Antique Car show: Bill's gave us a coupon to The Antique Car Show at the Imperial Palace. We we able to go for free and there are some really incredibly bizarre looking old cars there. There are 3 or so very large rooms full of old cars and other old items that are interesting to see since it is free with the coupon. I would not pay more than a few dollars to see it but my husband would probably have payed more since he finds that sort of thing more interesting than I do. If you have not been to Las Vegas in quite a long time or never, then you might be surprised at how much skin is displayed on big screens and billboards that travel up and down the street, all in BIG view of little eyes. This is no longer a decent environment for a child's formable mind.	
Apr 7 2009	Couldn't have asked for better for the price.	My husband (Bill) and I recently stayed at Bill's Gambling Hall &amp; Saloon from March 30 to April 2. We chose this hotel in a package deal based on reading Tripadvisor reviews. We couldn't have asked for a better location, the staff (for the most part) was very helpful, friendly and efficient - from check-in to check-out. The room was nice - not the most updated bathroom but more than adequate. Our room was right in the front corner so we had an excellant view of the Bellagio fountain and the strip. My husband found this room a little noisy at night but I didn't mind it. Just a short walk to get on the Deuce bus ($15 for unlimited use for 3 days). Excellent Prime Rib dinner at the Victorian Cafe for a reasonable price, though breakfast there was a little expensive. Didn't get to use the Flamingo pools but they looked beautiful when we walked through the grounds. Flamingo buffet was very extensive and reasonably priced. (Tropicana's buffet was dreadful for the same price) This was our fifth trip to Vegas, and we have stayed at a different hotel each time. I would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Can't recommend this highly enough.	We were delighted to arrive at this smaller hotel and find the location was right in the heart of the Strip. The check in was fast and friendly and the rooms very comfortable. We checked out to travel to the Grand Canyon, and when we returned, were upgraded to a suite which was amazing. The restaurant on site was very good but we suggest reserving a table early in the day as the value was so good, the tables were taken if you didn't. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Las Vegas.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great value nice rooms and simple casino with low tables	Hotel does not look like something WAUW when you see the other hotels on the Strip, but hey, they also charge 3-6 times what Bills's costs. It's just across Bellagio and next to the Ballys and Flamingo. Very central located and this is the best part. Rooms are actually quite spacious and nice - nothing flashy, but still with large plasma tv and comfy bed. Going to Vegas again in a couple of weeks and booked again Bill's for 2 out of 4 nights. Other two days are to try the Bellagio and then we'll see if it's worth to pay a bit more than double per night. Pool - non, but you can use the Flamingo's pool next door, but is not a nice pool and owercrowed.	
Apr 5 2009 	BIRTHDAY TRIP UPGRADE! Check out my Video.	In Vegas for special birthday treat. First time in USA to see Tony Bennett at the Hilton. Luggage decided to stay on plane to next destination so arrived at Bills a wee bit upset! Staff at reception were extremely helpful as were the security at the elevators who ensured you had room key before you were allowed on elevator (good idea). Basic room we had booked turned into a super suite with stunning views of the Bellagio.Would not fault this place in any way, I actually liked the fact it was so much smaller than the other hotels around and had a cosy atmosphere and friendly staff who you could recognise after a day or so. If Big Elvis is there they please go see his super show. Also the Diaquiris at the little bar just along from the reception were sooo cool.	
Apr 4 2009 	CHOOSE BILL'S	I would stay here again without question.Cannot recommend it enough.We had a girlie holiday in March and stayed for 5 nights. I have been to Vegas before and I would pick Bill's every time (unless we had a big win and then we might have treat ourselves). The location is perfect, the rooms are old fashioned, but very clean and unlike most of the big expensive hotels, they are very close to the lift and you can be on the strip in minutes. If you are lucky enough you can pay a bit extra and get a view of the Bellagio Fountains. I found reception helpful there is no conciege as such, but and extremely friendly bell man. The Casino itself was fun. Nobody really taking it too seriously, helpful bar staff karaoke and bands in the lounge, including Big Elvis the impersonator.. Atmosphere was fun and relaxed, the girls played roulette I stuck to the slots..If... no when I go back Bill's will be my first choice.	
Mar 31 2009 	THE Value play on the Strip	Best bang for the buck. If you want easy access to your room when you're through playing without having to have a road map, this is the place. Quick and easy access to Flamingo, Bally's, Paris, Caesars &amp; Bellagio. The low price with the hot location means great value. Rooms good with 47&quot; plasma, good sized except for bathroom which was decent, clean, comfortable beds, quiet. Casino was active, sports book passable, bar specials good, slots fairly loose &amp; ok. Has enough amenities to satisy but this is a place to sleep, not party central. Famous Victorian Room has great food and graveyard specials ($6 ribeye/eggs). Good cocktail waitresses serving stout comp cocktails. Good place to unwind before hitting the sack. Great buddy hotel though missus might not be as impressed. Again, this is a value play - and the best on the Strip for its purposes.	
Mar 30 2009 	Good enough	For the price, this place was fine. The location is the best part. The rooms are spacious. However, the heater in the rooms was very loud-which doesn't seem like a big deal until you are up, wide awake at 4am because of it. The showers looked dirty to me (the caulk was brown-not white). If you are all about the price, and don't plan on being in your room much, this place is just fine.	
Mar 30 2009 	Mixed bag some good lots of bad.....	First, the good things: Bill's has a great location. It's on the strip, next to the Flamingo and Bally's. The casino inside Bill's is on the small side, but had a good selection of video poker, slots, and card tables. The housecleaning staff does a nice job (our room was clean when we checked in and was kept clean throughout our stay) and was also friendly and courteous. Parking was free and convenient. Now, the bad: BE PREPARED FOR TROUBLE IF YOU BOOK THROUGH ORBITS, EXPEDIA, OR AN AIRLINE!!! We booked through Southwest (who uses Expedia or Orbits) and we arrived to find our reservation was not at the desk and they said our confirmation number was &quot;not a real number.&quot; We called Southwest who said they would fax over information for our reservation. The lady at the front desk said this would have to be approved by a manager. In the morning, we went to the desk and the lady there told us she was a manager but that they didn't accept reservations from Southwest and had trouble accepting them from Orbits and Expedia. She presented us with a paper to sign for our reservation that had room rates 3x higher than we reserved through Southwest. We promptly told her we would not sign anything that did not have our promised rate on it. She was very rude and confrontational. Finally the airline sorted things out and we were charged correctly but what a hassle!  As if our experience wasn't bad enough, at dinner that night we were standing in line to pay when the man in front of us told us that the dining manager just walked by and pushed him out of his way. We were dubious until he walked by and pushed everyone in line (one by one) out of his way saying &quot;excuse me.&quot; The purpose of saying excuse me is not to give you the right to push people. A simple &quot;excuse me&quot; without pushing would've moved the people in his way. Finally he pushed a customer who cornered him later and told him that he did not appreciate being pushed. The manager threatened to call security, but several other customers spoke up and said they didn't like being pushed either. The housekeeping staff was amazing, but the managers were so rude and incompetent that I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone. They expect you to book through them and hassle you if you use another company. Clean rooms and cheap rates are available all over Vegas, save yourself the trouble and STAY AWAY FROM BILL'S.	
Mar 29 2009 	Bill's is great! Will definitely return!!	I stayed at Bill's for the &quot;vacation&quot; portion my trip. Three other days were spent at the Bellagio for a business conference. The rooms are VERY clean, the TV is amazing, the bed was comfortable. The view (for a $10 upgrade) of the Bellagio fountains was well worth it. If you want the view, but not the noise, try to get a room on the 3rd or 4th floor. The 2nd floor can be a bit noisy with people yelling on the walkway below &amp; the traffic noise &amp; sirens. But if sleeping is not a priority, don't worry about it!! A couple of the light bulbs in the room didn't work and the remote control to the TV wasn't working, but since I was hardly ever in the room, I didn't complain about it. Breakfast at 3 am in the Victorian Room was the fastest EVER and very very good. I'm not a big gambler and only played a few penny slots. As usual, I lost. The location was the best, being right in the center of the strip. I would definitely stay at Bill's again unless I had a really good reason to stay somewhere else.	
Mar 29 2009	Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon	Location, location, location. This was our first, but definitely not our last trip to Bill’s. Right on the heart of the strip, but with “downtown” room prices and a very friendly staff. If you want a decent room at a bargain price, this is THE place. Only 200 rooms and you can see from one end of the casino to the other. No huge crowds or long treks to get to your room. You can visit all the other glitzy hotels that others are paying for, then come back to your room at Bill’s. We had a view of the Paris Hotel Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio fountains. If you want it quieter, you can opt for the side not facing the street and towards the back of the hotel. My wife loved the 99 cent margaritas, but eat elsewhere. Bill’s food is mediocre at best. Grab a Seattle’s Best coffee and a toasted bagel with cream cheese in the morning then head out for better fare. And when you head out, use the Deuce. We bought a 3-day pass for $15 and took it everywhere. As long as you don’t venture from the Strip or downtown, the Deuce is all the transportation you need. Once last thing, Bill's is for adults. There is absolutely nothing there for kids to do.	
Mar 27 2009 	Best Value On The Strip	This was our fourth stay at Bills,and again we were not disapointed. We arrived at 2.30pm and there was no queue at checkin. Five Minutes later we were in room 412 which had a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. The room and bathroom were clean, the bed was comfortable. If you spend anytime in the room there is a 42&quot; TV on the wall.All the staff were very friendly,housekeeping were excellent,one morning when we were walking from our room down to the casino we passed a room that was being cleaned and the bed and furniture had been pulled away from the wall so that it could be cleaned properly.The Victoria room is always busy even at 4am we had a 20 minute wait but the wait is worth it for ribeye and eggs for $5.95 between midnight and 6am.Big Elvis is a must, im not an Elvis fan but always enjoy the show and there is always audience participation. There are a good selection of slots and table games at reasonable prices.To summerise the good point are location,price,clenliness.Negatives are that on a weekend it can get noisy if you have a strip side room, lots of sirens on a Friday &amp; Saturday night/morning. Its much quieter during the week	
Mar 26 2009 	Don't gamble with your hotel! Go to Bill's!	My wife &amp; I were visiting friends in San Antonio, Texas for two weeks. So we decided to take a 3 night break in the midle of our trip to Vegas and chose Bill's on Trip Advisor members comments. So we booked a 3 night flight/hotel package with Expedia, and were not dissapointed. Booking in and checking out, via your t.v. menu, were a breeze compared to the surrounding luxury hotels were they seemed to have day long queues whenever we passed through them. While the gaming rooms were a bit smokey and worn the service was excellent and you could not fault the overall cleanliness of the accommodation. Also, as mentioned many times the location of the hotel, right in the middle of everything, is excellent. Make sure you check out 'Big Elvis', we thought it would be really corny, but we were singing along in no time, without alcohol! Superb!Can I also recommend an excellent locals brewery/casino, Ellis Island. Go left out the side entrance and about 500 yards down to the lights, turn right and it's on your left. Very entertaining locals and beers for $2 brewed on the premises, happy days!	
Mar 26 2009 	BE SURE to get your rates in writing!!!!!	We were actually very excited about staying at Bill's. We had gambled there several times when it was the Barbary Coast, and read great things about the rooms on Trip Advisor, so we decided to stay there for March Madness. When we looked at the rates online in November, they were really good. We made our reservations and the lady on the phone told us to check back periodically for lower rates and they will honor them. Well, that is where it gets dicey, because they did not honor the rates they quoted me.We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights each, but the reservation lady said that she couldn't email us confirmations, but instead gave us confirmation numbers over the phone. Please, please, please make sure to get written confirmation! We checked back every month to see if the rates had gone down, and they had, so we got the lower rates, each time confirming them for both rooms. The rates we ended up getting quoted were $57, $60, $100 &amp; $120 for Wed-Sat. We had to cut one room short as I was leaving early, so we reduced one of the rooms by one night. That is where the problems started.For some reason, they changed the rate on the 2nd room to $160 &amp; $180 for Fri &amp; Sat night. When we caught the error on our bill, they said that this was the avg rate for the weekend, and that they were not sure how we even got the rates we did for the other nights. They refused to credit us the difference and made it feel like it was our fault that they screwed up the rates. We called repeatedly to get the rates fixed, and kept getting pushed to one person that they all claimed was the &quot;hotel manager&quot;. She refused to honor the rates that we had received months in advance and got defensive about it, saying it was our fault that we didn't get the rate in writing. When I said that I was told they didn't send out email confirms, she insisted they did. I travel quite a bit and get email confirmations all the time. I am not a novice traveler. I would have gotten one if I could have. She also continued to act like we were fortunate to get the rates we did, as she had no idea how we got rates that were so low, even though she said that they set the rates for the hotel. She seemed more eager to argue with me over the phone and sacrifice customer service over $60. As I said, get the confirmation in writing with your rates, or they will try to change them on you.	
Mar 26 2009 	super location	Great location, large rooms, great beds, good value. The slots seemed to pay more when we were staying in the hotel that night and using Bills reward card. Visit Flamingo next door for free use of the pool area and towels.( May not be a year round offer)Dissadvantages to Bills were that we had a lot of traffic noise and when the Fire engines are heading to the strip, the noise comes straight into the bedroom The reward programme was not as it seemed .The $5 free slot play and t-shirt had to be earned in points/play	
Mar 24 2009 	Awesome vacation	My spouse &amp; I recently spent 5 nights at Bill's. While I had some qualms about booking our stay there, I doubt we will ever go to LV again without staying at Bill's (unless we inherit a fortune). Cleanliness is my #1 priority. They excelled at that. Location is a high priority. Couldn't be better than being in the middle of the Strip. We walked north one day and south one day and just strolled the other days. That way we were able to walk through most of the casinos. Last but certainly not least, the morning coffeecake (free) in the Victorian Room is the best!	
Mar 24 2009 	Clean room convenient location	We booked a stay here based on tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed. We upgraded to a &quot;view&quot; room for an extra $20 nightly and had a wonderful view of the Bellagio Fountains from our room. Clean rooms, friendly service, a quick walk to the strip, and a decent prime rib dinner for $14.95 make this casino a great place to stay.	
Mar 23 2009 	A great location and very affordable	I stayed here during the NBA All Star weekend. It was during the time that the hotel was changing over from the Barbary Coast. The hotel is smack in the center of the strip and we could see Las Vegas Blvd as well as the Bellagio and Ceasar's Palace from our window.The room was a decent size with two queen beds, and I thought the beds were quite comfy. There were four of us lady's traveling and we did not feel cramped at all. I do however wish that the bathroom was a little bigger, however it was clean and neat, and served its purpose. I did however love the fact that the room had a plasma TV.Since it is a smaller hotel we were able to get our needs met quickly. Whenever we requested extra towels, toiletries, etc...they were brought to us immediately. There is also room service that is quite affordable, and we did order food to our room throughout the weekend.The casino is smaller and quite smokey, however it did not bother me. I love the low table limits, and played a lot of Black Jack and Roulette. The cocktail service is great!!! After playing in the casino you must go to the night club there. We had a great time.If you want to be on the strip and not pay a lot for your room, this is a nice place to stay. Just keep in mind that it is an older property, however it is well maintained and quite clean.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great location on strip but a dated property	We spent only one night in Las Vegas, and wanted a place on the strip. We were six people, including four teenagers. I was lucky I called the hotel the day before our arrival. I had booked it three months before, and I wanted to make sure there would be room for all of us in the two bedroom suite. They had made a typo and booked me in ten days previously, and charged me as a no show. They were kind enough to acknowledge their error, and credited back my credit card, but could not transfer the previous charge to my hotel bill. They fortunately still had the suite on spring break. The property was a bit shabby, but the suite was good value for the strip, with about 1200 square feet for the six of us. We really did not need all of that space and if I were to do it again I would have stayed in a cheaper place off the strip. The location across from Ceasars, diagonally from Bellagio fountains, and in walking distance to most of the mid-strip places was very good.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Location Value 	We have stayed at approximately fifteen different casinos in Las Vegas. While Bills is not the classiest in town, the rooms are clean, the service friendly, and the location terrific. We were in town for the Shelby 400 NASCAR race, then took an overnight trip to Death Valley, and returned to Las Vegas and Bills because we had tickets to Cher’s show at Caesars. We chose Bills because it was across the street from Caesars and also because we had not stayed there before.We ate in the restaurant twice for breakfast and dinner. All four meals were a value for the price paid.We had an &quot;upgraded&quot; room with a view of Las Vegas Blvd and Bellagio's fountain water show. The only reason I did not give Bills a perfect five rating is because the bath is tiny and because the hotel is older and only four stories, the road noise is extreme. It really didn't subside until 2 or 3 in the morning. The noise may not be an issue in the regular rooms which do not front Las Vegas or Flamingo Blvd.	
Mar 19 2009 	Brilliant location and great value	Right in the centre of all the action and for a fraction of the price of the bigger casino's. The staff are all friendly and even the small rooms are massive. The casino is also one of the few that have $5 blackjack. Would recommend this place to anyone.	
Mar 14 2009 	Convinient Clean Value	Stayed two nights in early March 2009. Had a room with two queens on the third floor facing Flamingo Blvd but very near the Strip end of the building. Parking is free and the reception area, parking elevators and room elevators are close together and very easy to manage. There are only four or five floors. No long hauls through the casino with baggage. This is a real plus. The room was large, and clean with a private area for sink and toilet. Beds were comfortable. Only downsides are street noise.....very loud the first night, manageable the last night (I don't know why) and $11.99 for internet access. Probably rooms further down Flamingo away from Las Vegas Blvd, the better for noise. We took advantage of the $14.99 roast beef diner at the Victorian Restaurant and it was delicious and a real value. We are not big Las Vegas fans but we liked this hotel. Great location too.	
Mar 12 2009 	Perfect in everyway.	3 of us stayed for 3 nights. Room was very clean, nicely decorated. Bathroom was large and the shower was nice, big and lots of hot water. Free coffee pot with coffee brought up to room at no charge. Nice casino area. Friendly staff. Victorian Room rest very good, but usually a wait of 30mins or more. Would reccommend again and again.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great place to stay	I spent 5 days at Bill's and it was great - it was excellent value for money (£260 for the room, Ballagio would have been £600) and the location is absolutely ideal. I was at a wedding at the Bellagio and Bill's is on the strip, I could see the Ballagio fountains from my room and it takes you about 5 mins to get to there (another 15 to find anyone inside it as it is so big!)My room was huge with a very large Plasma tv as well. Granted if you want total luxury then Bill's isn't for you but if you want a great size room, lovely staff and really cheap beer (jug of beer $5) then stay here. You can visit the insides of all of the other hotels and who spend any time in a hotel room in Vegas anyway!?	
Mar 10 2009 	Fantastic hotel can't recommend it enough!	I spent a week staying at Bill's and can't praise it enough - it was excellent value for money and the location is absolutely ideal. We were at a wedding at the Bellagio and Bill's is right in the middle of all the action, right across from the Bellagio (5 min walk), next to the Flamingo and Ballys and the monorail station on the other side. While the rooms are nothing fancy, our room was bigger than expected, clean, quiet and with very comfy beds and a huge plasma screen TV! I also liked the fact we could be out on the street in just a couple of minutes, rather than having to walk for miles in one of the more expensive and lavish hotels, and there was no queue to check in or out. For the money we paid it was brilliant and I would absolutely stay there again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Loved it and very clean	Great Hotel, felt so very safe and secure.Had to go to the drinks machine with only white socks on and expected dirty socks but got back to the room at the end of the corridor with still white socks!	
Mar 9 2009 	Just What We Needed...	We got a great deal and stayed at Bill’s for 3 nights (3/3-3/6) for about $180 (including taxes and fees). Just for the record, Bill’s is not The Bellagio or The Venetian, so please don’t expect those types of accommodations or amenities . But for what we paid, Bill’s offered above average (3 star) accommodations at a great location (in the middle of the Strip).The staffed at the front desk were very nice and got us to our room very quickly. Upon entering the room, we thought the room was very clean and well kept. The room looked just like the photo on the website. The bed was firm and comfortable. My wife and I slept very well. On a guy note, the flat screen TV was wonderful. The heating and AC worked very well. To our liking, the cleaning crew comes early. We hate leaving a hotel room in the morning (9ish) and coming back to an unclean room. The cleaning crew at Bill’s does a great job cleaning the rooms in a timely manner. You can hear noise in the hallway (when people come in late intoxicated) and from the strip, but it’s not unbearable or loud enough to wake you when sleeping. For the most part, the hotel is pretty quiet.The bathrooms are in need of remodeling, but they were clean and fitted our needs. However, we did encounter a drainage problem in the tub. I called the front desk the next day to notify them and they said they would dispatch a technician to address it. They had three days to address the problem and never did. Getting out the shower with about foot of water in the tub (as it slowly drained) was a bit of a nuisance. But we considered the drainage problem a minor irritation and it didn’t ruin our view of the hotel.RecapIf you're celebrating an anniversary (or something of that nature), I would suggest that you just pay the extra $70-$100 a night and stay at a nicer hotel with more amenities. But if you are looking for a decent hotel with clean rooms and a great location so you can get a taste of Vegas, Bill’s is the place. We would definitely stay at Bill’s again.Couple of things to note: For those renting a car, Bill’s has a free parking garage that always seemed to have plenty of parking. We had not trouble finding a space 2 days we rented a car. The ½ price show tickets booth located at Bill’s seemed to always has a huge line. I would suggested going to Fashion Square mall or further up the strip to another ½ price show tickets booth for tickets.There aren’t many cabs waiting in front of Bill’s. I guess because it’s a smaller hotel. The Concierge can call you cab, but we needed to get to the airport and didn’t have time to wait. So we took the short walk to Bally’s Hotel across the street and got a cab right away.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Location But....	We selected Bill's as our hotel based on all of the wonderful reviews the hotel received on this site as well as many others. The location was wonderful and I really liked how quickly you could get to your hotel room. The room itself was clean but a little worn around the edges. The bed was great except the sheets on the bed were a little scratchy. The sheets did not offer a lot of weight to them so it was difficult to get warm (it was unusally cool in Vegas!) We were suppose to get a king room and they put us in a 2 queen room. When I called down to ask about getting a room change we were told there were none available. Only possiblity was a possible switch the nex day. I don't know about you but when I get unpacked I don't want to pack and unpack again the next day. We also ran into the issue of getting a boarding pass printed from the front desk. They sent us to this machine in the corner but it was not working. Again the front desk was less than helpful and gave me a paper to fill out to get a refund. I then had to call the company myself (using my own cell phone) to find out the issue with the machine was due to the connection within the hotel. We went next door to the Flamingo who printed us own boaridng passes for 5.00 bucks a piece. Not the best solution but they were friendly!I would say all in all the floor workers were really friendly and the hotel check out on the last day was very pleasant but the other three days the front desk was less than helpful.	
Mar 7 2009 	Best value best location best secret of Vegas	If you're going to Vegas to enjoy the gambling, nightlife, and people-watching, this is the hotel for you. Why? There's no line-up to check in or check out (it literally takes seconds), the rooms are just fine (they all have new flat-screens, and the showers have WINDOWS so you can hear the sounds of the Strip while showering - neat!), it's affordable, there's 99 cent margaritas, and the best part of all: Bill's is literally in the centre of the Strip. Why pay ridiculous sums of money to stay in some massive hotel where it's going to take 30 mins. to get to your room, when you can take the elevator at Bill's and get to your room in 2 mins.? My GF and I were a bit hesitant at first, cuz the name of the hotel is stupid, but we were surprised and incredibly pleased with our stay. I'm heading back in a couple days and you'd better believe I'm staying at Bill's. OH - and for an extra $15 or something, we got an AMAZING view of the Bellagio fountains. Worth the upgrade.	
Mar 4 2009 	What a great location!!	We played at Bill's the last visit and decided to stay there for this visit. What a great location!! It's a small hotel without the big hotel amenities - spa, pool, etc but it worked out great. Our room was basic - my husband said a &quot;motel&quot; room. I think it was nicer than that but not luxurious. We had a terrific view of Bellagio Fountains and the Eiffel Tower. We could even see the fountains from the shower. It was great!! It was so nice to not have to walk forever to an elevator bank and then another hike to your room. It was right upstairs and our was almost at the end of the hall. We didn't hear any street noise and slept like a baby!We ate breakfast at the VIctoria room several times. The food was good and good value.We LOVED Big Elvis!! He was the best. The gambling was good and it was a great time! We will go back to Bill's!!	
Mar 4 2009 	A Little Piece of Old Vegas on the Strip	I love this little hotel!! I was a little sad when it changed over from the Barbary Coast, but that's just because I'm a nostalgia freak. I have stayed here 3 times and have always had a good experience. I was even upgraded to a huge suite once, at no charge! The price is outstanding, considering it's prime location and the much higher costs at the holels surronding it. Now, don't get me wrong, this is not a fancy place. The rooms are nothing special, but they are clean and provide a great place to crash after a long night out. The casino is fun and comfortable, compared to the more pretentious Bellagio and Caeser's across the street. The dealers were very kind and patient (I almost never play table games and had no idea what I was doing?) If you are looking for a cheap place to stay but still want to be mid-strip and close to the action, this is the perfect place for you.	
Mar 3 2009 	Bill's is the best Value on the Stip	I've been reading these reviews and people complain about the dumbest things. Come on, &quot;not enough soap&quot;? We stayed here for three days and it was great. I dropped my shampoo out the window onto the locked balcony and the Staff was getting my soap within minutes. Bed was comfortable, room was clean. We had a great view of the fountains and the Strip from our room.Great location, minutes to the strip. The Victorian restaurant was ok. The only thing that sucks is the drinks given while playing slots or tables are small. It is a little noisy from the street but I had no problem sleeping.	
Mar 3 2009 	Good value but not so good service	I stayed at this hotel just because I've seen only great comments on this hotel in TripAdvisor. The check-in and check-out were great! We don't have to wait at all comparing to such a long lines I saw for Bally's - the opposite hotel. The elevator was a bit scary-it took some time to open when you reach your floor. I was reluctant about pushing the emergency button at the first time but get used to it later. There is a free ice machine right next to the elevator which is awesome. The beds in my room are large which can fit three people instead of one for each. However, the bed make noises everytime I move so it's kinda annoying at night time. The soaps were given just once for your stay. The housekeeper did not give me extra even though they were so small in the later period of my stay. Also for the shampoo, conditioner and lotion - sometimes they were refilled and sometimes they were not. And even though they refilled them for you, the bottles were never been closed. They don't have shower caps (but there was a hair dryer in the bathroom) and adapter converter so you have to buy it yourself. I bought one converter from ABC store in Miracle Mile shops. The TV screen was huge-I love it! However, I think they can improve more on their services in both housekeeping-as mentioned above and the front office. They didn't seem very helpful to me and kept me waiting for their answers most of the time that I had to call to ask again.The steak house at Bill's is kinda expensive compared to Victorian but the food there are great.	
Feb 27 2009 	Central and clean	This place is smack bang in the middle of everything. Sure, it's a tiny bit dated but really how much time do you really want to be in your room? There is a restaurant downstairs that has reasonably priced meals and breakfast. (Pancakes are good) The casino part had $1 margaritas when we were there. If you have a choice, I'd recommend planning your stay for mid week as the prices come way down! You can pretty much do everything you want mid week anyway.	
Feb 27 2009 	Bill's Was Perfect!	We chose this hotel for our 3 night stay based on reviews on TA. This turned out to be the perfect choice for our group. First of all, location, location, location! We walked virtually the whole strip during our stay and having Bills centrally located made that so much easier to do. One day we'd set out for the northern part and the next the southern. Plus it has the easiest acces of any hotel/resort I saw on the strip. Main reception and elevators to the rooms are at the front of the casino so check-in was a snap and coming back at night after a long day of walking it was so nice to walk in the door and head right up the elevator to our rooms. No casino maze! We arrived early but our rooms were ready within 20 minutes of arrival. They have security/staff that checks for key cards at night so that only guests may go up to the other floors. The rooms were a great steal and as advertised. Huge tv on the wall, nice decor and decent bathroom. We were in room 118 and had side view of the Bellagio fountains and good view of the Eiffel Tower. Bathrooms showed their wear but were clean. This isn't a luxury resort but we were in our rooms so little that it was more than comfortable for us.	
Feb 26 2009 	Don't Do IT!!A Reservation isn't a reservation!	I give Bill's no stars because after having a confirmed and payed for reservation for 1 month I didn't get to stay there.I was there at 10:00 A.M. to see if my room was ready and the women at the desk confirmed my reservation and said to come around 12 and a room should be ready.I bring in my luggage for myself and my 83 year old mother and they tell me 4 hours later that they cannot accomodate me.They tell me that they switched my hotel to the Flamingo next door and to go there.They said they could not help me with my luggage so I had to struggle down the street with it by myself.At the Flamingo they give me a old,dingy room that needed updating badly.I will never gamble or stay at Bill's .I'm sure that someone staying longer and paying more than me got my room!	
Feb 25 2009 	It's Bill's!	In planning our trip, I went to their website and found the best price ($40/night). I did have to call to make sure we got a king room, because on their website it books your reservation as either a queen double or a single king room. On arrival, our room was ready on check-in (but one of our friends's rooms was not ready). The room is decent. 40-inch flat screen TV. Wired internet connection available. Pay per use wi-fi. The bed was okay. We had to ask for more pillows (all feather and kind of flat) and the blankets were kind of thin. The shower was very nice...excellent water pressure and very hot. There was a stained glass window that could be opened which was nice for venting in between showers. The room comes with standard issue soap, body lotion, shampoo and conditioner. An ironing board and iron were also in the room. No coffee pot.The Victorian Room restaraunt is just okay...but nothing fancy. It was good for breakfast. For coffee or a quick breakfast I would hit the Seattle's Best Coffee instead. That coffee was much better than the Victorian Room stuff. We did not eat at the Steakhouse.Bill's is centrally located on the Strip between Bally's and Flamingo. The gambling was well above average on both the machines and table games.I would stay there again, but I do have one lean beef. We got a letter stuck under our door the second day that said they would be turning out all the electricity the following morning from 2-6am. They also gave us a complimentary glow-stick to use. We were out partying and when we came back we had to hike up 5 flights of stairs and into our very dark and quiet room. A minor inconvienience that probably could not have been avoided, but an inconvienience the same. We did not get any compensation for the 4-5 hours without electricity.	
Feb 23 2009 	Fabulous - a little treasure	Just returned (yesterday) from an 8 night stay at Bills with friends. We booked this after a lot of research and reading the reviews. Well, we were not disappointed. Fantastic rates - far cheaper than the 'big glossy' hotels. Our room was a King - very large. Bathroom was great and seemed to be a constant supply of hot water whatever time you took shower/bath. The casino itself was very friendly - we played on the slots mostly. Highly recommend signing up for the 'players club card' (its freee!), - we didnt gamble enough to gain many points on the card but when you sign up you are given a book of vouchers for money off food and 'buy one get one free' tickets for various top attractions. Bills is in an amazing location - previously stayed at the Luxor but you are a long way from the centre of the strip, with Bills you are very central although the deuce bus is fantastic value - ride for 24 hrs for $7. We also drove to the mountains for 2 days ski-ing - approx 1 hr drive from the strip, returning to Bills at night. Can recommend Brooks car hire just down the strip. Collected us from our hotel and great service. We were struggling to hire a car from the usual big names as apparently there was a big conference on but Brooks were able to sort us out with an hours notice otherwise our ski-ing trip would not have happended. Can recommend Grand Tours for a Grand Canyon trip to the west rim/ sky walk. $125 compared to many charging in excess of $185 for the same thing. Again great service. In summary Bills is friendly/ small and has everything you need. Big Elvis is worth a watch, and the karoke nights entertaining. As a previous reviewer commented - returning to Bills after a hectic day on the strip was like coming home!	
Feb 20 2009 	As advertised!	There is nothing I can say about this hotel/casino that others have not already. Its location is awesome. The price is very affordable. Rooms are decent and comfortable. The view is great. The shower drains slow. There is Big Elvis, 99c margaritas, 2$ hot dogs, and old school charm. The Victorian Room serves big, affordable portions, but it is not much better than a glorified diner.I would not take my wife here. But for a group of guys or girls looking to party in Vegas, this is a great place to stay.	
Feb 19 2009 	What's not to Like?	Stayed at Bill's SuperBowl weekend, and what's not to like?Clean,friendly hotel with better than average rooms and service right in the middle of the strip. Rooms are decent size with comfortable beds and 42&quot; plasma TV. Inexpensive rates and not to mention takes about a minute to go from room to street. Have to love the stain glass windows in the bath that open to the strip/side street. Where else in Vegas are you going to find this? Decent Blackjack conditions compared to some of the huge resorts and friendly dealers. great people watching also due to Drais. Treat yourself to a cup of Seattle's Best coffee in the morning for some great people watching as patrons leave Drais	
Feb 17 2009 	Great location and price but cleanliness an issue	My boyfriend and I stayed at Bill's Feb.13-16 and paid a total of $392.40 for three nights for a non-smoking, two queen bedroom. We were only in the room briefly during our trip, just to sleep and take a shower, so here's my brief list of the pros and cons.Pros:* Great price with an average of $130 a night on the weekend. * Location! It is located on the Center Strip right across from Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio. * Very friendly service. We had an easy check in and out process. * Comfortable beds.* Nice flat screen TV.Cons:* Cleanliness was average. The room was clean when we first walked in, but for the rest of our stay, the floor was not vacuumed and the tub was not cleaned. Also, the used water glasses did not get switched the entire time.* The aging of the room was very noticeable.* The tub does not drain well.* Air conditioning is loud. I slept with earplugs, so this wasn't a big problem for me. Overall, it isn't too bad. The cleanliness was the main reason for the lower rating.	
Feb 15 2009 	Excellent price - excellent location	The whole review from the individuals from Australia described our experience exactly! We also chose this hotel based on previous reviews and we were not disappointed. I contacted the hotel directly after seeing the prices for room rates on the internet a few months previous to our travel and booked directly with the hotel rather than online with no issues. I noticed about one month prior to travel that the room rates were $25.00 USD lower than what I had booked during the same time period. I called the hotel and it was not an issue to get the lower rate for our stay. This allowed us two rooms for basically the price of one which meant 'no sleeping with our young adult sons'! Noise - was our only issue. Our room was on the street side - it helped to leave our bathroom door shut at night and earplugs cut out the rest of the noise. Our boys who were across the hall said they had no noise issues. We stayed at this hotel for five nights. There was security present (outside the elevators) on only two out of the the five nights although we didn't find it an issue other than some late night, loud guests going to their rooms. The rooms were spacious and clean. The location is excellent and we were pleasantly surprised with not having to pay for parking our car. There was always plenty of parking available. The purpose of our trip was shopping and shows, not gambling so the location of this hotel was ideal for both. It was great to have a car as we went to both outlet malls to shop. Yes, there is no fancy reception area but from reviews of other hotels it sounds like you spend a lot of time in line ups - checking in/out. We were the only ones at the desk to check in as well as to check out - no line ups here! The pictures on the website are exactly what you get. I was impressed that with the amount of smoking in the casino that there were no odors in the rooms. We requested non smoking rooms. This hotel doesn't have the amenties that some of the bigger ones do but during February you won't be swimming in the pool anyways! I understand that guests would be able to use the Flamingo Pool next door when it is open.	
Feb 11 2009 	A bit noisy but excellent value	Stayed at Bills for 3 nights because of the reviews on here and it's location. As far as location and value for money it was excellent. For half the price of 1 room at a lot of other hotels, we got 2 rooms at Bills ,meaning we didn't have to share with our teenage boys. Worth it just for that. Don't expect big flashy reception areas because they are non existent. You check in at a desk at the side of the casino and in the doorway of the restaurant. As another reviewer wrote on here, there is no security at the elevator nor keycard access to use the elevators, so anybody can just go strolling the halls. The traffic noise was quite loud given the hotel is right on the street, where a lot of newer ones are set back from the road. I used earplugs so problem alleviated. Admittedly, I'm a light sleeper, as my sons said that this was not a problem for them. Beds were huge and very comfortable. Rooms were very spacious. Huge flatscreen TV. Bathroom was fine. Shower took ages to drain, but who cares, it meant that your feet got extra clean. Aircon in room was very loud, so we just kept the bathroom window open and didn't use the aircon. Overall, would I stay here again. Yes. The location was great, the rooms were great. We didn't spend much time in there anyway so if you want a mid strip location at a great price, it's definitely worth it.	
Feb 9 2009 	superb hotel for little money right on the strip	I would really recommend this place for a vacation in Las Vegas. It is right (nearly) on the strip for a price half of what you pay at the 1000+hotels on the strip. the Bellagio fountains are across the street, which are really fantastic to watch! The room was spacious, clean, with a nice bathroom and big TV. we stayed there just one night with our family of four for only 88,-USD, which was the cheapest hotel of our whole journey. And it was by far one of the best nights. It was a pity that we couldn't stay longer, but we would defenitely book this hotel again!!	
Feb 9 2009 	disappointed in changes	We stayed at Bill's last year and decided to do it again this year Jan23-25. It has changed.There was no security posted at the elevators at any time, day or night. We asked the front desk about it &amp; she shrugged &quot;dunno&quot;.There are amenities I will live without, but lack of hotel security is not a luxury it is a necessity. No savings on a hotel room is worth risking your safety.	
Feb 8 2009	Bills Gambling Hall and Casino	Staying here at Bills put us in the middle of the Strip among all of the Hotels and entertainment and a lot less expensive as it was excellent accommodations with no frills like swimming pools and fountains. Just comfortable and clean rooms to bed down in, casino if that's what you wanted to do, two restaurants and even a place at the door to buy discounted meals or entertainment for that day. Buses stop next door at the Flamingo and that is the best way to get up and down the strip or you can just walk, and walk and walk as we did. Getting checked in was hassle free so that we were up in our room in no time at all. Also if you have a car, parking was very convenient and you could use valet service or do your own parking. Would always consider this hotel if we ever return to Las Vegas.	
Feb 2 2009	Totally Awesome	Really great hotel, half the price of the big players, situated right in the centre of the strip. Comfortable, clean rooms, and the best steakhouse in the world, as well as the best breakfasts in the world!!!!!	
Jan 28 2009 	Great Place to stay!	Don’t get me wrong, I love the Vegas super resorts, they are outstanding and have their place. But these days, one of my big pet peeves with respect to Vegas it that it takes allot of time to do anything. Traffic and endless walking to your car/room/etc, cuts into your valuable limited Vegas time. So, what if you could stay in a clean, comfortable, older but nice room at a great price, and literally be 2 minutes from everything? Well, that is Bills. Again, the room is pretty basic, except for the 42” plasma TV on the wall, but the Stripside room views are amazing and you are 2 minutes from the lobby, 2 minutes from the parking garage 2 minutes from the casino, 2 minutes from restaurants and 2 minutes from the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd. And, the location is the absolute center of the strip, so you can easily walk to most of the big strip hotels.Another thing, no pool, but you can use the one at the flamingo. And, I would wager that the elevator ride/walk from your room at bills is shorter than that from many of the rooms within the Flamingo.So, if you are looking for fancy and new, look elsewhere. But if you come to Vegas for getting out and enjoying the action, consider Bills.	
Jan 27 2009 	Best Little Deal in Vegas	Staying at Bill's was overall a great experience. Parking our rental car was so easy! No walking for miles to get to your car or valet parking. Check-in was done within 5 minutes. I had mentioned it was my husband's 55th birthday, so they gave us an upgrade when we checked in! (PLUS they price had been going down so from the time we booked until the time we checked in they had price matched - we saved $115 for the three nights!) A window room, overlooking the strip and the Bellagio fountains! Traffic noise was a little bit of a hassel but we got over it pretty quickly. The room was great! A little old, but definately not ragged. Very Clean! An awesome hugh flat screen tv was an added plus. We had the $14.99 Prime Rib deal the first nite and even brought some extra rolls to our room. Hubby won $360 the first night in the casino! $5 Blackjack tables. Big Elvis was free in the lounge. Of all the casinos we went to it BY FAR was the best place to get free drinks! They go above and beyond to make you feel special!	
Jan 26 2009 	right down the Strip: small 	Great location, great rooms (be it noisy at the back because of airconditioning?), too big LCD (...) in the rooms, clean, cheap, comfortable, easy access to all the hotel and Srtip amenities. Skip staying at the 1000+ rooms hotels, and enjoy this small gem.	
Jan 25 2009 	Another great stay!	My husband and I have stayed in most of the hotels on the strip over the past ten years or so. On our short, quick trips of 3 or 4 nights, we like to sometimes stay somewhere cheap where we can get in and out without walking a mile from your room. Bill's is exactly that place!We've stayed at the hotel when it was Barbary Coast several times. This was our first stay since Harrah's took it over and it became Bill's. We checked in about 11 PM and was in our room in a matter of minutes. We had a non-smoking room on the Flamingo side of the hotel on the 4th floor. It was super quiet, so if you go to bed early or just don't like the noise of the strip in your room, ask for the Flamingo side. Even by the elevators, we really didn't have any trouble.Room amenities are very basic, but very clean. We love taking our shower with the little window open! A/C is COOOLLLDD (good thing in July, but In January....)We love to gamble at Bill's. It's cozy and you can be to/from your room in seconds. It's also great when one of you needs to go up to the room and you can easily find your other half when you come back - unlike the big casinos. Comps were pretty good and our room/meals ended up being free. Try the Wizard of Oz machine closest to the entrance to Drai's. I wish I could have brought it home with me - it was very good to me (and others while I was there!)We always eat at least once at the Victorian room if we stay there. It's not as good as it used to be when it was Barbary Coast - no more coffee cake brought to you :(, but it's still good. The chinese food is actually VERY good. Better than PF Chang and the like.No trouble getting a cab when we left to fly home. It was a quick, 4 night stay, but lots of fun. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to anyone, especially if you aren't in the room much.	
Jan 25 2009 	Awesome place great value great people	I loved Bill's, everything about it was great, the location, the price, the staff, the restaurants..... I would recommend it to anyone. The staff were so friendly and helpful. If you're staying in Vegas, you must stay at Bill's! Thank you for making our stay so great! Laura	
Jan 20 2009 	Central clean and inexpensive Vegas hotel	This is a great place to stay for the price. The rooms are clean and up to date. The hotel is located almost dead center on the strip, so it makes a good home base for wandering. It is very small but I found this a plus, as it took only about a minute to get from the street to my room. We also caught part of the Big Elvis show which was decent. The only negative is that the hotel is themed as a wild west drinking saloon which can sometimes be a little obnoxious.For roughly the same price or less you can stay at the Imperial Palace, but from what I've heard it is not worth it. If you are on a budget, or don't plan on spending a lot of time in your hotel, stay at Bills.	
Jan 18 2009 	Fabulous Value Hotel with great parking access - free	If you are on a bit of a budget this is a great hotel, newly renovated, massive flat screen TV in room, 2 good resturants, right on the corner of the strip and Flamingo Rd and best of all, excellent if you have a car, free multi storey car park with access straight out onto Flamingo Rd minutes from I-15 - no negociating with one way/back streets. Yes I know what everyone says but IT IS WELL WORTH getting a car and driving in Las Vegas is you are staying more than a couple of days. Driving on the strip is FINE and Fashion Show Mall and Town Square shopping etc have FREE car parks. Valley of Fire is about 1 hour away, Mount Chaleston about 35 mins and Grand Canyon about 4 hours, much cheaper than taking trips. Also if you stay at BILL's you can collect your car from Hertz desk in the FLAMINGO hotel next door. Don't forget to check out the Flamingo garden and pool's very posh and MYSTERE at Treasure Island is amazing.	
Jan 17 2009 	Best Kept Secret	We found Bill's on Trip Advisor and was very satisfied. Smaller is better when it comes to Las Vegas. Bills is right smack dab in the middle of everything - reminded me of the little old lady that wouldn't sell! The rooms were very clean and our view was great! Throw in Big Elvis (not so big anymore) and a good place to eat and you have it all. I cannot recommend it more!!!	
Jan 15 2009 	Best value mid strip	We've previously spent a lot of time in Las Vegas with work and have stayed in quite a few on-strip Hotels.When we came to book a few days in January in Vegas we were looking for somewhere cheap to stay on the strip and the rates at Bills Gambling Hall looked good.I'd previously visited the hotel when it was known as Barbary Coast and so knew it as an &quot;old school&quot; hotel compared with the likes of Paris or Luxor but it always seemed friendly and accommodating so I wasn't worried about booking. It's always a popular place as the parking is free, unlike some casinos.The hotel is located right in the middle of the strip, next door to Ballys and Flamingo and opposite Bellagio. You can walk to any on-strip casino within 10 minutes, location wise it's the most central of anywhere on the strip. Additionally, Rio and the Palms are only 1 mile up Flamingo, the road to the side of the hotel.The check-in staff were super efficient and our room was very clean and spacious with a large TV and king size bed. I had no complaints about the facilities other than I couldn't get a wifi connection as advertised. There are a couple of eating establishments in the casino, but given the central location you're never far away from somewhere to eat anyway. Apparently they also sell $1 frozen cocktails in the hotel, although we didn't see where.The only complaint I would have is the noise; the rooms, in common with a lot of Vegas hotels, are not well soundproofed and given that the hotel is opposite the Bellagio you will hear the fountain music every 15 minutes until midnight if you choose to go to bed early! If you've never been, Las Vegas is a noisy place and the weekday traffic will wake you at 7am with horns and loud engines. As I said, this isn't a criticism of this hotel as such, I had the same experience staying in a top suite at New York New York.Overall Bills Gambling Hall is a bargain for a few days in Vegas. Central location, good rooms and easy parking.	
Jan 11 2009 	best kept secret of the strip	great location in Central Strip. amazing rooms, great view of the strip, large, hi def TV. small hotel and casino so you can park and be in your room in less than 5 min, as opposed to most strip hotels where you have to walk almost 20 min just to get to you car from the room. good security. they don't let non hotel guest into hotel elevators.i will always stay here when i go back to vegas.	
Jan 8 2009 	Location location location and nice hotel	We stayed here in Sept 08. The location cannot be beat. You are right in the heart of the strip and within walking distance to most anywhere you want to go. We had an incredible view of the strip from our window including a partial view of the Bellagio fountains, the Eiffel Tower, and Paris balloon. Very cool.The hotel itself is older, but it is very clean and updated. Our room had a nice flat screen tv and a very comfy bed. This hotel also has room service and that was very good and reasonably priced. The staff were nice.The casino could be hit or miss. One night we had an excellent waitress and we had drinks every time she went by us, which was fairly quick. On two other nights though, we had to wait a fairly long time for drinks. You cannot get bottle beer here, but the mixers were pretty good. For gambling and drinks, I would suggest popping around the corner, towards IP, and checking out Casino Royale. The drinks there were cheap and strong with a choice of bottle beer (Michelob) for $1, which is $6 elsewhere on the strip. The waitresses were always on top of things here too. Also, you can get in on the free play promo pulls outside the casino that were fun.You can use the pool across the street at the Flamingo too, which is a very nice pool/garden area to visit. When we went to their, we just vegged in loungers most of the time and enjoyed the yummy slushie drinks that the waitresses brought around. It was probably the most &quot;vegged&quot; we were while on our VK. Overall, this is a very nice hotel with a very reasonable price and it is located in a great spot on the strip. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to family and friends	
Jan 7 2009	Comfort at Bill's	Bills had the best comfy beds ever. Very big room although the drainage in the bathroom &amp; toilet was fairly slow. Smaller shower area. This wasn't that big of an issue since we weren't in our room that much. Nice big screen television.Check in was a breeze - in and out of the hotel with ease - and there was always security by the elevators in the evening so felt super safe.The casino was smaller than most but we didn't spend much time in there. It was sometimes fairly &quot;warm&quot; but they did serve good hotdogs and 99 cent margaritas! Also Bill's is the location where the shows go on sale in the morning for 1/2 price so was really handy to be able to grab tickets.Extremely central location - we walked everywhere. Wonderful restaurants nearby - PF Changs (Planet Hollywood), Batistas Hole in the Wall (Italian - all the wine you can drink included with your meal), Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville Volcano Nachos are the best!	
Jan 7 2009 	Great location good rooms	The hotel location is great, right at the center of the Strip. Rooms are also very neat and clean. Overall it was a very good stay for couple of nights at the hotel, best value for the money. I checked in on Friday evening no big lines at the front desk :)The bathing tub was clogged, they sent over service to fix it but even after spending more than half an hour he could not clear the clogging. Mattresses were very comfortable but were making little noise.	
Jan 6 2009 	Bill's is still pretty good	Bill's is small and very old school and since Harrah's has taken over, the rooms and housekeeping have continued to go downhill. I was told it was &quot;budget cuts.&quot; I thought that the room needed a deep cleaning. The front desk was nice and helpful. If you're the kind of person that gets lost trying to the find the elevators or have trouble remembering which wing of the hotel you're in, this is a great place. This is a good hotel for convenience and location. If you don't mind it being a little run down it's great.	
Jan 5 2009 	A real gem on the strip	Bill's is a must stay! The location is fantastic right next to Bally's, near Caesar's Palace and the Paris and I could see an angled view of the Bellagio fountains from our room. It was about a 30minute walk (with stops) to that Fashion mall at the top of the strip but you could always catch the Deuce.We had a room with a king size bed and have no complaints whatsoever about the room it was fantastic. Big tv, comfortable bed, no noise, no smoke smell (we stayed in a non-smoking room), shower had great pressure and was warm. The only minor problem was that when you had a shower all the precipitation caused the floor to get really wet so I recommend leaving a window open.As for the casino we only did the penny slots which weren't fantastic and only got offered free drinks twice. I'd go elsewhere for gambling.Don't stay anywhere else! Bill's is perfect and you'll save lots of money because the room is cheap compared to others and you're close to everything.Oh and on a side note, if you are going to the grand canyon book it online because it is cheaper. And another thing get an all day pass and ride the roller-coaster at New York New York it was AWESOME!	
Jan 4 2009 	Definitely not the joker in the pack!	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at Bills over New Year and are convinced that it is the Strip's best kept secret! I booked on the strength of reports here and because it is small and low rise and mid Strip. It was perfect for us. It was our eighth trip to Vegas and we have stayed in various hotels including the Venetian and Aladdin. Bill's is not in the themed luxury bracket but there is absolutely nothing wrong with the rooms and we will be staying there again. The only things which would have improved it would have been an in-room safe and coffee/tea facilities. We used the safety deposit facility at the Cashier's desk which is free but they ask for a $60 cash deposit which is refunded when the key is turned in. We were lucky enough to get a side view of the fountains at no extra cost (but New Year's Eve was triple the price anyway!), from room 428. The room was bigger than I expected with plenty of space for storage. The bathroom space is small but adequate and I was glad to see a bath as pacing up and down the Strip all day needs a bath to soak in at the end of the day. Something we didn't get at Excalibur. The window in the bathroom was great but obviously made it noisy when left open. Generally we did not find it too noisy to sleep. The TV was huge! Parking was easy too as we arrived on Flamingo Road from the Hoover Dam direction and there is a multi storey car park which is clearly visible. Check in and out was easy with no queue which is rare in Vegas. The staff were all courteous and friendly. The carpets in the casino part have seen better days but that didn't worry us as we are not gamblers. Big Elvis is worth watching and there was another live band who were very good. The 99c Margaritas were also very nice!Couldn't fault it despite my initial reservations that it may be a bit tatty and attract the wrong sort! Sadly the nature of Vegas attracts all walks of life - some undesirable, but we did not encounter any hookers or obvious 'low life'.We did not use any other facilities there but will definitely use Bill's on our next visit, assuming the price is still competetive.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great Location	The location is the main point for staying at Bills.The rooms are fine &amp; reasonably sized. There is a clock/radio &amp; hairdryer and bathroom with shower, smallish tub alongside a vanity unit /dressing area.There is a 46 inch plasma TV in the room. I do not have a TV at this size at home &amp; personally would have preferred a room safe &amp; coffee maker to be provided-but each to his own.....I didn't use the steakhouse, as I didn't think it particularly reasonably priced. But the Seattle coffee shop is handy for a light breakfast.The place was clean but some of the carpets &amp; linen had seen better days. I stayed for eight days &amp; only had one top up of shampoo &amp; soaps.My room did not have much of a view, just overlooking the side of the Flamingo, but did mean it was relatively quiet. Some (but not all) of the staff on reception were not overly helpful. When wanting to book the airport shuttle I was just given a phone number &amp; left to call myself.Another thing (&amp; not exclusive to this hotel) was the cost of phone calls from the room. I made one quick call within the US &amp; was charged $14	
Dec 20 2008	Perfect location good value for money	Bill's Hotel sits right opposite the Bellagio and Caesars Palace, but is much cheaper - we paid £130+tax for a night. Room was standard business hotel type, but with a large tv. Car parking is free, and right next to the hotel	
Dec 19 2008	Not dissappointed	This was our first trip to Las Vegas, and we used Trip Advisor and traveler reviews to plan our trip. Our stay at Bill's was just what we expected. It's location could not be better. The Staff was friendly and helpful. We loved the fact that the hotel is smaller and easy to navigate. Most important our rooms were clean and quiet. The in wall air conditioning unit is a plus for us. It gave us &quot;white&quot; noise for sleeping and good control of the temperature. Being our first trip, we visited every casino on the strip. The size of each of them was almost overwhelming. It was a pleasure to come &quot;home&quot; to Bills. We do not need fancy, just comfort and that's what Bill's gave us.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Stay for Rodeo Finals	We read the reviews for Bill's and decided to take a chance. It was great and priced affordably. Our room was spacious and had a view of the fountains across the street. Location made everything accessible. Our trip was to attend the Rodeo Finals and a taxi was right there at the door for use. The 99 cent Margaritas, $2 Hot dogs, and Elvis Entertainment add to the experience. We did find catching the bus to Fremont Street was a best bet for souvenirs which are half the cost or more of those in the strip area, also you can eat for less and there is a great light show. We would go that route first before buying down around the large Casinos. Being our 1st trip to Vegas for 3 of us we felt Bill's was a good deal. The only dislike I had was the push for the Time Share Tour at the door, which we took but instead of the 2 hours stated it took about 4 hours, not worth the tickets we received for attending. Way too long and to much of a sales &quot;I won't let you go sales pitch&quot;. Other then that we enjoyed our stay and the National Rodeo Finals. Would stay at Bill's again for sure!	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Location but...	We have been staying at Bill's since it was Barbary Coast. LOVED Barbary Coast, but since Harrah's has taken over, the rooms and housekeeping have gone downhill. We were just there 4 days, tipped housekeeping, and still only got 1 shampoo.... had to go to the front desk and ask for another bottle. Was told it was &quot;budget cuts.&quot; Felt that the room needed deep cleaning. The front desk was so nice and helpful. Another thing that Harrah's has added are timeshare people right by the guest elevator. I don't like that.On a positive note, we love the fact that you can fly in, take a cab to the hotel and be in your room in about 10 minutes. There is never a line to check in and the elevator is maybe 50 feet from the front desk. This time we rented a car and parked right by the elevator which brought you into the casino and was just a few steps from the elevator to take you to your room. If you're the kind of person that gets lost trying to the find the elevators or have trouble remembering which wing of the hotel you're in, this is a great place.Bottom line, this is a great hotel for convenience and location. If you don't mind it being a little run down (we think they're letting it go and plan to tear it down and add to the Flamingo or something), it's great. We will continue to stay there as long as we can.	
Dec 8 2008 	Excellent location and value!	I travelled for 32years with GM and stayed in Vegas many times at the better hotels. Now I am retired and paying my own way.The hotel is excellent for value and second to none for location.The room was very, very clean and while we were facing Bally's we could also see the fountains at Bellagio. At night there were sirens but this was not an issue. We slept the whole night uninteruppted. We were there 5 nights.The food in both the Victorian room and Bill's Steakhouse were excellent.It was no issue to check in and there was plenty of free parking.Next time we go, this is where you will find me.	
Dec 4 2008 	Great location	Just returned from 10 days in Vegas, This was our first trip here and we trusted tripadvisor for its reviews for all aspects.we decided on Bills Gamblin Hall due to its largely positive reviews for price and location and we were not dissapointed.The hotel room was very spacious and we had a large LCD TV on the wall (not that we used it much!).The view from the room lokked onto the Eiffel Tower and we could just see the Bellagio Fountains, as a note they now ask you if you wish to upgrade to a 'view' room for $20 a night (Used to be free).All in all you can't beat this place for location and after walking round some of the bigger hotels i was happy we chose Bills as the big hotels must take half a day for check-in.The staff were friendly and helpfull and i would definetely stay here again.	
Dec 4 2008 	Fantastic Location!	I decided to book this hotel for part of our stay in Vegas during our honeymoon, after reading some of the reviews from other travellers. I have to say, we were not disapointed at all. Fantastic location, right in the middle of the strip, across from Ceasers and the Bellagio, we could even see the fountain show from our window.The rooms were large, and clean, and they provided a coffee maker upon request, which not many other hotels in Vegas seem to do. The best thing for me was the fact that you could be from your room, to the Strip in 5 mins, unlike some of the much larger hotels where you seem to get lost on the Casino floor trying to get in or out!If you are looking for a good deal, in a great location on the Strip, you can't go too far wrong with this place. Why spend all your money on a fancy hotel room, that you will spend no time in! Spend it on a show instead!	
Dec 2 2008 	Best bargain on the Strip	If you're looking for a hotel that's smack bang in the middle of the Strip, without the fancy name and price that goes with it, then this is the place. We heard about it through some friends, and we can't stop thanking them for their advice.Bill's is located on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and East Flamingo Rd. On the other corners are Ceasars Palace, the Bellagio and Bally's, and they are all joined by overhead walkways.The rooms are huge, compared to some, and are clean and tastefully decorated. While most rooms have a great view of the Strip, ours was on the Flamingo side, but hey, who spends most of their time in a hotel room in Vegas, unless you're on your honeymoon!!! There was also a security guard at the ground floor elevator, to make sure that only guests are given access to the rooms. A great idea.While the hotel may not be huge (no. of rooms), it makes up for it in service. Check in was quick, and we didn't have to wait long for a table in the Steakhouse Restaurant for dinner. All of the staff were friendly, and more than willing to answer any questions. All guests have access to the pool at the Flamingo next door, and the monorail station is also located behind the Flamingo. There is also a Duece bus stop close by. This bus allows you to travel up and down the Strip for $5.00 over a 24hr period. Great Value!When we go back to Vegas, we will definitely be staying at Bill's.	
Nov 29 2008 	Good Value	We just got back from Las Vegas and we stayed at Bill's. We had no problems what-so-ever; quick check-in and room was clean and comfortable. We asked for a coffee maker and fridge ahead of time but it was not in our room when we arrived. When asked again, they brought them both up immediately. We had to leave a note for the housekeeper to leave coffee though, no big deal. What I liked about Bill's was the fact that they had security by the elevator and you had to show your room card in order to get up to your room, first time we have ever had to do that in Vegas, and I liked that - felt safe there. If you are looking for a hotel that is clean, comfortable and good value for your money, stay at Bill's. If you are looking for frills, keep looking.	
Nov 29 2008 	Fantastic absolutley loved it	I stayed here for 8 nights and it was fantastic, the room was large and very clean and the staff helpful and friendly, especially Donny the bellhop. As mentioned before this hotel is in a great location and easy to get to and from the room. Check in took 2 minutes. I played only the machines in the casino and whilst playing the cocktail waitresses came round frequently. The $2 hotdogs are good as are the 99cent margaritas. (A bit too good!!)I would definatley reccomend this hotel to anyone and will stay again next time I am in Vegas.	
Nov 24 2008 	Bargain getting ragged	Bills (formerly Barbary &quot;Coast) used to be one Las Vegas's best bargains...low room costs, big rooms, large plasma TV, and good location near Bellagio/Paris, friendly staff, low minimums on the tables. On this trip, though, the property was starting to look a little ragged, subpar housekeeping, and minimal ammenities. My room, on the strip, was exceptionally noisey. As rates in LAS are coming down, I think this may be my last visit.	
Nov 23 2008 	great spot to stay	We booked this location through Allegiant Air (out of Bellingham, WA) The price included air and hotel. We were not disappointed. Yes, it is an older hotel and small compared to others on the strip. Some of our group stayed at the Imperial Palace and had a 10 minute walk from their room to get to the strip, where we only had a 2 minute walk from our room to the strip. We also could see the Bellagio fountains from our window.Another bonus is that we were central and the overhead walkways to Bally's and Caesars are right at the corner where Bill's is. As others have mentioned, it is noisey at night, but we just turned the fan for the a/c on and it was fine.Best deals are the 99 cent margarita and the $2.00 hot dogs. Don't miss them!We didn't eat at Bill's We had read about the food at Ellis Island Casino and went there for their excellent breakfast. $4.99 for 8 oz. steak and eggs breakfast special was a deal!We also went up to the Peppermill Restaurant, just before the Riviera, for breakfast. Great food and large portions, but not quite the deal as Ellis Island.We were going to try the Battista's Hole in the Wall, just behind Bill's, but never made it there. Again, I had read that it was a great value. The price is now $20.95 for spaghetti which includes soup and salad and all the wine you want. Other pasta dishes were $22.95 and $24.95, again including soup, salad and wine. We will try it next time we are in LV.We would definitely stay at Bill's again.	
Nov 18 2008 	A great comfortable hotel	Discovered Bill's casino last year on a girl's weekend and enjoyed the atmosphere of the casino so much we decided to actually stay at Bill's this year.Rooms were comfortable and clean with plenty of space. Casino staff were friendly and helpful. Any request we had were efficiently handled by pleasant staff. Donny, the bellman, was most helpful from storing our bags, hailing a cab, giving advise and especially with a friendly &quot;How are the Ladies today?&quot; Use of the Flamingo's pool was a nice bonus. Walked through many of the big hotels and were shocked at the lineups at the registration desks, Bill's was quick and easy. The hotel is small enough that the staff knew you and we felt safe. After a long night it felt like coming home.We would not recommend the Victoria Dining Room though, food was terrible and the staff was less than keen to do anything about it. I guess they figure at 2:00AM they can serve anything and people will eat it. Will be staying at Bill's again for our yearly pilgrimage to Vegas.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great location great value	As with all the hotels on our American Tour, Bill’s Gamblin’ Hall &amp; Saloon was chosen after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor.We were not disappointed and the hotel lived up to its highly recommended reputation. On previous visits to Las Vegas, I’ve stayed at really big hotels like the MGM Grand and Caesars Palace and of course they are very impressive. But does one want to queue in an airline style line of 20 people or more to check in. No! Bill’s is big enough to be fun but small enough to be able to walk a few paces from the entrance to the reception and be checked in immediately.We arrived by rental car (Dollar – very good!) and drove into the hotel car park where the guy in charge was most welcoming and said it was no problem to leave our car right there with him till we had checked in and then gave us directions to the Dollar car drop off, which was very conveniently situated immediately opposite, at the Bellagio Hotel.The check-in staff were courteous and friendly and our rooms were excellent. Furnished in heavy Victorian style in keeping with the theme of the place and very large and comfortable. We were also able to see the amazing fountain performances on the lake in front of The Bellagio from our bedroom window.The location of this hotel is first class – right on the strip with The Bellagio opposite and The Flamingo next door. Also useful that the nearest station for the Strip Monorail is at The Flamingo and it’s well worth buying a day pass for this as it takes you to seven hotel locations along the strip. Each hotel is also the dropping off point for several other hotels but don’t be fooled . . . they are NOT all close by. We got off for example at The Sands which is the station for The Stratosphere and it’s a good half mile walk from there! (The rides at The Stratosphere are awesome - as the locals would say!)We ate both in Bill’s Steak Restaurant and The Victorian Restaurant and the meals were excellent.All in all, we were very pleased with this hotel and it’s great for a few days in Las Vegas – one can lose money at Bill’s just as easily as any other place!However, if we had wanted a location with a nice pool scene to laze around - between losing money – then maybe one of the larger hotels with those facilities would be a more suitable choice.	
Nov 17 2008 	Avoid this hotel - horrible customer service!	Note that this hotel has a 72 hour cancellation policy. If you can't make it there for any reason (a death in the family, airport shuts down due to bad weather, or whatever - they could care less and are very rude), you will still pay for it! We booked this hotel on their internet site on Wednesday for Friday night (less than 72 hours in advance). We tried to cancel it on Thursday (more than 24 hours before we were supposed to check in). We hadn't noticed their cancellation policy of 72 hours but they said they were still going to charge us unless they sold out all of their rooms (including ours - last). Lucky for us it was a busy night - Halloween, and they only had 4 rooms left. Friday morning we had a phone message saying they had rented all the rooms including ours and would not charge us. However, when I got our credit card statement they still had charged us the full amount. Our room rate wasn't a discounted in any way and it more than most of the big casinos were charging for the same night, but we booked it anyway based on high reviews here. The credit card company won't dispute it for us b/c we only had a verbal agreement that they wouldn't charge us for a room that someone else stayed in and paid for. They got paid twice for one room, which has to be illegal.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great for a short break	The best thing about Bill's is the location - right in the middle of the strip within walking distance of the well-known attractions. It's also much smaller than the giant hotels like the Bellagio etc. and nothing like as grand which suited us. Our room was fine and well furnished if a little small by Las Vegas standards. The staff are generally friendly and the (free) valet parking worked a treat. We had a couple of meals in the cheaper of the two restaurants and found food &amp; service quite good. The rates seem to vary dramatically depending on the day of the week - if you are happy to avoid weekends there are big savings to be made.	
Nov 12 2008 	GREAT place for gamblin!	We didn't stay at Bill's but spent a few days over our last weekend trip at Bill's playing black jack. It was GREAT - the dealers were nice, the facility was clean, and the table limits were low. It was just a fun, low pressure atmosphere for gamblin' in the middle of the Strip!	
Nov 11 2008 	One Night Stand	After reading the reviews here we decided to try Bills. Our normal location in LV is the Luxor, but we thought we'd try staying closer to the center of the strip, something we haven't done since Harrah's was Holiday Inn. We had gambled at Bills (before it was Bills) and knew it was a small casino/hotel. We did like the fact that it was within walking distance of Battista's and Ba Ba Reeba, two of our favorite restaurants in LV.We stayed one night and transferred to the Luxor.The room was fairly clean, very noisy, and cold. If you know what short sheeting is and are over 6 feet tall like I am you will also understand that I had a very uncomfortable night. I am a light sleeper and with the amount of noise coming from the street and other casinos sleeping was a lost cause.In the bathroom, over one end of the tub/shower (very low water pressure) there was a small stained glass window that wouldn't close correctly and it was the reason the room was noisy and cold. Taking a shower was a chilling experience to say the least.The hotel was smokey. Really smokey. The filtration system must be inadequate or non-existent, and I don't like being in that environment. My wife is allergic to nicotine and was really miserable. A problem we do not have at the Luxor, or other casinos.We found both restaurants to be very expensive, especially for an older hotel. We never did eat there, just looked at the prices on the menus and left. When we checked in we asked for a coffee pot, which the young lady behind the counter assured us would be delivered. It never came.Not recommended if you enjoy comfort when staying in a hotel.The two times I dealt with counter personnel (checking in and out) I was impressed with their courtesy and speed. On a side note: If you like trivia and Irish cuisine visit Mc Mullan's Irish Pub, which is on Tropicana, on Tuesday night. Great food, great fun.	
Nov 8 2008 	Great deal old school Vegas	We stayed at Bills during the SEMA show. It was ideal for practical people like us. Great Location, cheap drinks, great 14.99 24 hr. prime rib, clean room with big plasma and it was so easy to get to our room. Step off the street, show your key to security and up a couple floors and we were in our room. Our room overlooked the corner of LV Blvd and Flamingo-the center of the strip. We had a great view of the Bellagio fountains too (5 nights with all taxes, and 2 movies, 5 days internet charge cost us $419 out the door!!!!). The service was excellent. We had a coffee pot in the room that saved us alot of frustration in the morning (all the coffee shops have lines early). There are two great shows close by at the Flamingo that took exactly 4 mins to walk to from our room to the show (X burlesque and George Wallace). Bellagio, Paris, Balleys and Planet Hollywood were close enough to walk to for a fancy dinner and other shows. But do yourself a favor and get the prime rib special at Bills. It took less time than a fast food place and frankly the steak had the best taste of any we had in Vegas. Oh yes, use the monorail for your longer trips. We used it everyday to get to the SEMA show at the convention center (8 mins of actual train time). The station is right next door at the Flamingo (total walk time from our room 9 mins). If you wany opulence and chic-chic, Bil's aint your place. But if you want a clean convenient hotel with outstanding service Stay at Bills. Some Bills facts....Canned beer $2.25 at the Bar....free entertainment in the open-type lounge everyday (Big Elvis in the late afternoon and later in the eve a band)....there are $5 blackjack tables...their coupon book has a two for one drink coupon and a $5 blackjack bet coupon....there is a half price show tickets box office (you can buy show tickets for about any show on the strip-not really half price but about $10-29 less than internet prices)...wireless or cabled internet costs $11.99 a day...movies $11.99...don't go for your prime rib early eve because the place will be packed...no fridge in the room...good bathroom stuff...Bring your fancy clothes and go out one night at a chic chic place...but leave pretencienceness at home and stay at Bills.	
Nov 7 2008 	Bill's is the place for me!	Really enjoyed staying at Bill's. Easy to check in and out, Older but nice rooms, quiet and small enough that you didn't spend your life on an elevator. Right in the middle of the strip close to everything. Can use the pool at Flamigo next door. I'd go back.	
Nov 6 2008 	Best Vegas Trip Ever	We have never really had any luck with our Vegas vacations. We usually get bored or wind up staying at the wrong hotel or try to do too many things. But, this time we did it right. We arrived Monday afternoon and stayed until Thursday afternoon, which proved to be the perfect duration. Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon is right in the center of The Strip, sandwiched between Bally's and the Flamingo and across from Caesar's Palace. It only cost about $65/night but had a flat panel TV, large room, two comfortable beds, and shares the Flamingo's pool, one of the best in Vegas. It also wasn't a huge trek to get from our room to the outdoors, which has been our experience with past Vegas hotel/casinos. The bar had $1 margaritas, which are pretty rare now on The Strip, and our room had a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains and Paris Eiffel Tower. We saw Elton John's &quot;The Red Piano&quot; at Caesar's Palace, so the location was perfect for that. We dined at Ah Sin at Paris for the sushi, prior to the show, and it was a fantastic meal. The whole trip was great and we're looking forward to returning.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great price	Great location right in the middle of the strip .. couldn't get better location . opposite Cesars, Bellagio and Ballys, Great price.nice big room with 2 beds, plenty of rom for suitcases etc, big flat screen tv, Friendly staff , good price on meals especailly breakfast.cheap drinks and nice small casino with Fat Elvis singing for free.Good choice as you can visit all the other flash hotels without paying the price &lt;&lt;and flamingo nest door with nice garden with real flamingos if you need to escape the smoke and noise..	
Nov 4 2008	First time in Vegas Enjoyed Bills but would try somewhere else next time.	The room was lovely and quite big. But the street noise at night was pretty bad. Guess it's our own fault for going to bed too early! But on your first time in Vegas like us - you'll walk none stop looking at everything and be exhausted by night time.We enjoyed the buffet at Harrahs followed by the Legends Show. Definately see a show of some sort while in Vegas - it was the highlight.If i ever went back i'd stay at one of the nicer hotels with pools etc and live it up a little. And spend less time looking at everything!	
Nov 3 2008 	Love This Place!!!	This is the place to stay when in Las Vegas. Check in was fast and the bellman, Mike, made me feel right at home. As everyone else has said the location is excellent. I stayed in RM 406, where we had an excellent view of the Belligio fountains and the Effiel tower. It can be a little noisy because of the traffic but I live in the city so it didn't bother me. But I did notice that the air con is very loud.  I ate at the Victorian Room, the service was good but the food is OK. I found Ellis Island Casino, that is a block off the strip, sells a 10oz steak and egg breakfast until 11:00am for $4.99 and it was good! We ate there during most of our stay.I love seeing Big Elvis and you can't beat the price of cocktails at Bill's. I gambled at Bill's and found the dealers to be very good and some of them a lot of fun.We would defintely stay at Bill's again!	
Oct 31 2008 	First time to Vegas!	I stayed here during my first trip to Vegas! I had no problems checking in. My room was quite adequate in space and had two seating areas. The beds and pillows were comfortable. Most importantly it was clean! My room faced Bally's and the noise didn't bother me, it's Vegas. Every employee of this hotel was kind and courteous towards me. I ate at the Victorian Room more than once, the prime rib was good for the price, the staff was quick and efficient. This was the perfect choice for my first trip to Vegas, I was not overwhelmed as I would have been staying in a larger hotel. The hotel itself is in a wonderful location. I will definitely be back.	
Oct 31 2008	We love Bills Gamblin' Saloon.....	Great location on the Strip - right in the heart of everything. There is a bus stop right outside the Flamingo hotel, right next door, which takes you to some great shopping outlets etc.Hotel itself was easy to find as we were driving. Car Parking at hotel was very good.Check In was hassle-free and quick and check out was just as easy.Hotel Room was excellent. It looked like a English Victorian Room with a king size bed. We had a brilliant view of the Strip. We could actually stand in the shower and look at the fountains at Bellagio's!!! We ate at the Victorian Room within the restaurant. The food was great, however the service was OK. But it didn't dampen our stay here, as we would definately recommend this hotel for a Vegas Stay. A sensational hotel for the price in a great location.We love Bill's!!!!!	
Oct 30 2008 	Great stay for the price	We stayed here for 4 nights in September.We were given a room on the 3rd floor, overlooking the Strip. We had a great view of the fountains at the Bellagio (although hearing the same music for the fountains every day gets a little tiresome!).The room was large, with a 42&quot; television and a nice comfy bed. There was also an additional seating area with a table and chairs.The location of Bills is fantastic, right on the strip, and no large casino to walk through every day.There is a little desk in the casino near to the elevators which sells drinks and snacks, and a Western Union counter which sells stamps for your postcards home.We noticed a little noise in the room when we were trying to sleep, but this is to be expected staying on the middle of the Strip in Vegas!We ate breakfast one morning in the Victoria room restuarant, the food was good and cheap.We would definately stay at Bills again, even if only for a night or two, before moving to a hotel which is a bit more luxurious.Before we arrived at Bills, we noticed on their website that the room rate had decreased since we had booked our room. I emailed them and they agreed for us to be charged the new room rate and would refund the difference in the amount we had already paid, which they did upon checkout. Definately asking if the same happens to you.	
Oct 30 2008	Great hotel!	What I liked about on top of its super-convenient location and good price is that you don't have to walk miles from the strip to reach your room like other giant hotels. You would really appreciate this when you are with your old parents. Also, this hotel has gone through a make-over recently as the ownership changed from Barbary coast, which resulted in rooms and hallways so new and clean.This hotel would be our first choice if we come back to Las Vegas.	
Oct 29 2008 	Top location	Can't add any more than what everyone else has put.Great location, big rooms, king size bed, big TV. Air con is a bit noisy though.Didn't have to queue to check in or out. Free parking at the adjacent multi story. Security guard checks that users of the lifts are carrying keycards.If you want a hotel in a top location but don't want the pretentiousness of other Vegas hotels, Bill's is a great place to stay.	
Oct 25 2008 	great stuff	As most of the revievs suggested this hotel was spot on.Ideally situated right in the centre of the strip,rooms clean etc.Had a couple of meals in the hotel,had to wait 30mins ,but same in other hotels.So I would say hotel very good value for the money you pay.	
Oct 25 2008	Great time	Bills is what it is. Simple and clean. Excellent location. Large comfy room with amazing plasma TV. We had wonderful strip view of Paris and Bellagio fountains, not that we in room too much.Special mention to the $3 corona stall in the entrance. And Big Elvis. We enjoyed both of these........a bit too much!	
Oct 23 2008 	Great place!	Bill’s gambling hall is a perfect place to stay!It’t in the middle of the Strip, in front of the Bellagio Hotel and Caesars Palace.The hotel has very big rooms with a mega plasma screen! The rooms are clean and you get new towels every day. The hotel has no swimming pool, but you can use the pool in the Flamingo hotel (neighbor hotel) for free. This pool is huge, very beautiful en clean, what an experience! There is a restaurant where you can get a breakfast (not free) this is very good.A perfect place for a perfect price!	
Oct 22 2008	Wall Map in Break Room STAT!	While the margarita's are flowing in the back and the cheap tables are always busy..... the security in the Casino here needs an Atlas. My sister and A friend of mine was asked to produce ID when they sat down to play some machines while waiting for the rest of our group to get their cheap drinks. We're from Canada so my sister produced her British Columbia ID, it was nodded at and given back. My friend gave the &quot;night manager&quot; her Saskatchewan ID and was told &quot;looks fake, never seen this before, you're going to have to leave&quot;..... We were flabbergasted. Do these people asking for ID ever pick up an atlas or a world map? Heck a map of North America would have been helpful. Saskatchewan is NOT a made up place. lol and we're no spring chickens! needless to say, we took our gambling money elsewhere.	
Oct 22 2008 	It is what it is!	We picked this from a variety of choices offered on USAirway's Vacations section after looking at TripAdvisor. The reviews for Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon were good and the USAir price was right. Check-in and check-out were quick and efficient. The rooms were on the street which has been described as noisy but with the AC on I was not bothered by the outside noise. The rooms were large and of somewhat dated decor but they were comfortable with plenty of room for luggage and we did not feel cramped. The closet was in the bathroom which had a pocket door. There was a separate room with the toilet and tub. My greatest criticism was that the shower head was positioned for a child and not an adult. Yes, there was the smell of smoke but after walking through the casinos and common areas of any Las Vegas hotel you realize that it is difficult to escape cigarette smoke there. Even though the room did not have a refrigerator it had an iron and ironing board and a call to housekeeping brought a coffee maker as well. We ate several times in the Victorian Room. I had only breakfast and even though service was just adequate my breakfast was among the best I have had anywhere. As others have pointed out the location across the street from the Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Paris etc. is unbeatable and what you pay for that location is a real bargain.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great location	We stayed at Bills for three nights for our first trip to Las Vegas and found the location ideal as it was right on the strip.Our rooms were on the Flamingo side of the hotel and were fairly quiet. The room rates were fairly cheap but there were a few negatives like no refrigerator and no cofee and tea making facilities.We had breakfast in the Victoria room one morning but found the food was a bit ordinary so went to the Paris breakfast buffet which was quite good and very popular. Went to Bills steakhouse on the last night and found it to be a bit expensive . The prime rib $14.99 special in the victoria room would have been a better option. Our next trip to vegas we would more than likely stay somewhere else. We felt like we got what we paid for but may have been better off paying a little extra for a hotel with more facilities available.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great value hotel	We really enjoyed staying at Bills for 5 nights in October. The check-in is quick (no queues), the rooms are a great size with huge plasma TV and we got a view of the fountains too. The casino itself is small so it is easy to get around and get to and from your room to the Strip. Couldn't ask for a better position on the Strip and it is fantastic value for money. We also ate at the Steakhouse and enjoyed the cosy atmosphere and excellent food and service. I would recommend staying at Bills if you are looking for great value and position but not if you want the glitz and extras of the more well known hotels.	
Oct 20 2008 	disappointing	Having read all the good reveiws on this hotel i was a little disappointed in Bills.It is in a great location but the hotel is average.The rooms are large but outdated, ours absolutely stank of cigarettes.The restaurant was not good, service was slow and the food was tasteless. It was quicker to go the bar and get your own drinks than wait for the one waitress to get to your table.The casino was friendly and not intimidating like some of the bigger hotels.The drinks were very cheap in the bar compared to the surrounding hotels.There were no queues to check in and theres an optional $20 per night up grade for a room that overlooks the Bellagio Fountains. The rooms are exactly the same and not worth it.I wouldnt recommend Bills to anyone i knew visiting Las Vegas and wish we'd paid a little bit extra and stayed at one of the bigger hotels.	
Oct 19 2008 	Service Luke warm	I think I was more dissappointed because of all the wonderful reviews I read on Trip Advisor. Up until this stay, Trip advisor has never steered me wrong. Bill's is a comparitively small hotel, nestled between the Flamingo and Bally's. I can't complain about the speed of check-in or check-out as we never had to wait, and I will say that Donny, the bell hop was personable. However, everything else about this hotel was average, at best. The service was poor to average. I don't think anyone (other than Donny) ever smiled the whole time we were there. The room was &quot;okay&quot; and it wasn't dirty, but it just wasn't spectacular. Our first night when I removed a wash cloth from a shelf above my head, I was showered with cards (those nudie cards they hand out on the strip) which had been carefully placed by someone in the staff, I assume. Since the hotel has only 4 floors the noise from the strip was continuous, day and night. The dealers and cocktail waitresses were average. If you are looking for an outstanding vacation in Vegas, I suggest you stay somewhere else, I know I will next time.	
Oct 18 2008 	Best deal in Vegas	I have been going to Vegas for the past 24 years and this by far is the best deal in town if you do not need all the fluff. I have stayed at Wynn's,Paris,MGM,just to name a few. The price was very inexpensive compared to many other places and the resturant &quot;Bill's Steak House &quot; was top shelf in all aspects. The service came with a smile and the rooms were clean and friendly ,this is located right on the las vegas strip across from Bally and Cesars . I would stay again in a second. Forget the fluff other places give you . Hey they even asked me if I was a senior citizen when I called and and gave me a discount. the big casinos could have cared less. GO FOR IT.	
Oct 17 2008 	Convenient and cheap	we wanted a relatively cheap hotel on the strip and thats what it is. it is right in the middle of everything. there wasnt a wait at the front desk.our room was nice and clean. big flat panel tv. the ac and heater worked very well. nice hot water. and we even had a view of the bellagio fountain shows.the casino is small and the food wasnt great but you can get that elsewhere.	
Oct 17 2008 	Biill's is always my first choice	I stayed at Bill's Oct. 12 - 16, my third stay. Bill's is always my first choice.The good news: excellent location mid-strip across the street from Caesar's Palace and Bellagio; large, clean rooms, plasma TV, free lounge show (Big Elvis); good friendly service; excellent housekeeping; comfortable beds; small hotel allowing quick access to your room; good security; very reasonable rates. Overall, you get huge bang for your buck at Bill's.The bad news: shower drain was very slow; air conditioner was a bit too loud.Be aware that Bill's has no pool but if you want to swim you get free access to the pool at Flamingo next door. Just bring your key card with you.	
Oct 13 2008	The Pros and Cons of Bill's in a Nutshell	Plenty of good, thorough reviews on this site -- enough for you to see that Bill's is a good bet for your stay in Las Vegas. Here's my take on things, from my 5-night stay in Sept. 2008:The Pros:1. Yes, great location -- you don't have to walk for days to get from your room to the casino or the street -- you will thanks yourself for this2. Unpretentious -- I always felt like I could go and hang downstairs because the crowd was mellow and never too much3. Great rooms -- for $89/nt Sun-Thurs, you get a big room with plenty of space and great, comfortable clean beds4. Room service -- found this to be excellent, food was good5. TV -- the huge flat-screen was a plusThe Cons:1. The room didn't have a coffee maker and there was no mini-fridge, mini-bar, or other amenities. The soaps and shampoos where nice, but I had to ask at one point to be re-filled -- no biggie2. The cable TV selection was average and the pay-per-view movie selection sucked, in my opinion -- just your usual mainstream fare. The porn was so-so, not much variety.3. Internet connection worked but it was $11.99 per day, and was only dial-up -- you should probably find a way to hook up wireless.4. The nearest liquor store was a good 10 minute walk away, but room service does sell over-priced bottles.On the whole, a very good bet for anyone, could very well be the best deal in town for a solid, no-frills, comfortable Las Vegas trip.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great hotel great location	For the budget minded, this was a great hotel. Great location. You dont have to walk and walk and walk to get to the hotel lobby. Missed the little things like makeup mirror, in-room safe, larger bathroom area. Bed was comfortable, large tv and that view!!! We stayed in room 406 and you can take pics of The Eiffel Tower, Bally's and Bellagio's fountains. Keep the a/c on you can deal with the street noise. Enjoy the Victorian Room for breakfast. They are open 24-7 but we chose to have dinner at other hotels for variety.Small casino compared to hotels on strip.Hotel staff very pleasant. Would stay there again.	
Oct 2 2008 	You won't blow all your bill$ on Bill's!	I know I am repeating the other reviews but the location of Bill's is fantastic, slap bang in the middle of the strip and its great value. The rooms are very large and clean. It's not as big or extravagant as some of the hotels and doesn't have a pool but is a great place to stay. When I booked directly with the hotel I requested a strip view room from which we could see the Bellagio fountains, and a view of the Eiffel Tower, which was great at night.The staff were very helpful and friendly. Didn't eat at the restaurant as it was always very busy. The casino has all the same slots and tables as any of the others just on a smaller scale.Bill's has a free multi-story car park which was a great as we arrived by car and needed to unload the luggage. It was quite busy but managed to find a space ok.I would definitely recommend staying at Bill's to anyone and everyone!	
Oct 1 2008	Great location great value clean rooms I would stay again!	My husband and I stayed at Bills for 3 nights Sept 25 to 29, 2008. We paid 69.99 for the Thurs and 119.00 for Sat &amp; Sun nights, I booked directly through Bill's website about 6 weeks before the trip. I was very pleased to see that the reviews I read at trip adviser, for the most part were consistent with our experience. The room was very clean, not hugely luxurious, but spacious, clean, in good repair and comfortable. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The room was quiet (our room faced the back of the hotel). The hotel is small by Vegas standards, but this was nice because you could get up and down from the room quickly. We did not use the pool, so I can't comment about that. The location of the hotel was excellent, very conveniently located in the middle of the strip, close to the deuce (bus) stop and pedways over the strip. The .99 margaritas in the casino are a good bargain, so are the $2 hot dogs. We are not big gamblers so did not play at all in that casino. The staff in th hotel were friendly and helpful. The only down side of our stay was the food at the hotel, we ate at the Victorian room and the service and food were very poor. My husband had the beef dip and said that it was OK, I had the turkey burger and it was very bad..the coleslaw was really bad.The food in general we found to be expensive and not great during our stay in vegas. Don't go to the buffet at the Stratosphere, the food was not good. The buffet at the Paris was pretty good, lots of selection for 17.99, but certainly not amazing.	
Sep 30 2008 	Best value on the strip	What a location, right accross from Bellagio and cesars.Old world style casion. Rooms are spotless and well appointed and absolutely spotless.Would recommend this place if you ave a budget.	
Sep 28 2008	Great location on the strip	Bills is right in the heart of the strip on the corner opposite Bellagio and Caesars Palace and Ballys. Its not one of the flashiest hotels, but the rooms are clean, well sized, and good value for money.Overall I would certainly stay here again...but if youre after a romantic getaway and a bit of a splurge, then I would not recommend (this is more of a cheap option while away with friends!)	
Sep 25 2008 	Great hotel great deal great location.	Bill's is a fantastic little place and is ideally located in the middle of the strip opposite Caesars Palace. It has a great atmosphere and contrasts well against the glitz and glamour of the big hotels. I have stayed in Caesar's Palace previously and much as I would recommend it for the experience (if you can get a good deal!) Bill's is much less intimidating and has an air of 'normality' about it. The minimum bets are low and therefore makes the gambling more fun and accessible for those who just want to have a 'flutter'. The drinks are the most reasonably priced that we found and the $2 hot dogs were delicious. Big Elvis' show happens every afternoon in the bar area and is well worth watching if you have a spare hour.We arrived ahead of check-in but they looked after our bags while we had a drink and we were able to go to our room less than an hour later. The room was clean and comfortable with a flat screen tv on the wall. The view of the strip was fantastic including the Bellagio fountains. It would have been nice to have coffee making facilities in the room, but otherwise I would struggle to find any fault. It was the bargain of the century and I'd definitely stay there again.	
Sep 21 2008 	bills gamblin	booked threw expedia had a non smoker no problemo,,staff very friendly even the bellman,,,42inch tv in the room,,nice great food close to everything as said before,,,,,,enjoyed the flamingo nest store for the breakfast buffet,,,tried to see it all in 4 days oh my aching feet,,,,went to fremont street,,that place will blow your wig,,,saw the show girls at ballys very nice show great sets,and took in another show forget where had impersonators also very very good	
Sep 19 2008 	Bad experience at Bill's--had to sleep on the floor	After reading the glowing reviews here, I booked three nights at Bill's for my goddaughter, her boyfriend, and myself. Two days before our trip, I called Bill's and asked if there would be any problem getting a non-smoking room with two beds, plus a rollaway cot., even though we'd be arriving at about midnight. I was assured there would be no problem.When we arrived, I was given a key card by a bored and eventually quite rude desk clerk. Upon finding that the room had *one* bed and was *not* non-smoking, I called the desk guy, who told me that we had no guarantees since we booked through Travelocity and that he would send up a rollaway. The bellman arrtived 15 minutes later with the news that all the rollaways were being used, and all he had for me was some blankets and a pillow! I asked the desk clerk to get us a different room somewhere, and he said that was impossible and all I could do was speak to the manager the next day. After also trying and failing to get through to someone at Travelocity, I gave up and went to sleep on the floor, as we had a full day planned for tomorrow.When I spoke to the manager the next day, she apologized and said our reservation had been &quot;screwed up&quot;. She upgraded our room to a non-smoking double with a side view (big deal) but said that's all she could do.After getting home, I contacted Travelocity and asked for a partial refund. After some time, they told me Bill's had &quot;met their obligation&quot; to me, had provided a rollaway on the first night, and had upgraded us for the rest of the stay, so no refund was possible. I reiterated that they did *not* provide a rollaway, that the manager had admitted that the reservation was screwed up, and the so-called &quot;upgrade&quot; was insufficient compensation for having to sleep on the floor. Travelocity finally agreed to refund the money out of their own pocket. (I waited for all of this to happen before posting this review.)I will never stay at Bill's or *any* other Harrah's property again (unless I'm comped to one). I will also be very wary of booking through online services, although this was the first time something went wrong this way. I know this was a fluke experience, but...buyer beware.	
Sep 18 2008 	Fantasic value for money	Bill's is right in the heart of Downtown strip. Ballys is opposite and it is on the cross road with Bellagio and Caesars Palace. Flamingo is right next door. There is a coffee house in the casino and although it is a small casino/hotel it is worth the trip. The staff are very friendly, all of the usual table/slots are in house and the food/drinks are really cheap. The entertainment was quite good with something on everynight which is free to watch as there is no cover charge in the lounge. Big Elvis is a must see as this guy is fantastic. The Victorian room does food 24hrs a day and has a choice of normal day to day stuff like chicken with chips etc or they also do a chinese menu which is really good. The steakhouse in Bills is FANTASTIC. Be careful if ordering medium though as in America that is really pink!! Again you might pay a bit more for dining in the steakhouse but it is well worth it. They also do margarita cocktails for $1 and hotdogs 24hrs a day for $2 which is handy for a snack. Since Bills is really central you can walk to pretty much any of the major Vegas attractions but Would suggest that the local bus service is used to go to Stratosphere/Freemont experience as that is a good couple of miles away. Only issue we have with Bills is the plumbing - the chain for the flush on the toilet kept coming loose but by the 3rd day we knew how to fix it ourself!!The baths do fill up quickly and take a bit of time to drain when your having a shower. Apart from the plumbing the Hotel is fantastic!!!!! Also be warned you will not get into the lift for the rooms if you do not show your room key to security. Keep it in your wallet.	
Sep 17 2008 	Brilliant hotel perfectly situated - Highly recommend	I've just come back from a 2 week holiday in Vegas, we stayed in Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon which I can not fault in anyway.The hotel and casino were very clean, the rooms spacious with comfy beds. Checking in was a dream no queing or hanging around. The staff were in the main friendly, helpful and I couldn't fault the service we received.The hotel itself is perfectly placed for exploring the strip or doing any of the must do trips.They have free shows on every evening Big Elvis and a band who were on the first week were both really good. Big Elvis is a must for anyone visiting Vegas - nice bloke.The hotel do have their own restaurant which is a lot smaller than other surronding hotels but again I can't fault what we had -= I had a 16 oz T Bone, which was under £10.00 and I reckon it was probably the best steak I've (and I've had quite a few).. The beer in the hotel (Bud, Bud Lite and Bud Lite Lime) was the cheapest on the strip and you can get a beer and a hot dog for only £2.00.If you want to soak up the sun, you can use the neighbouring Flamingo hotels pool - the pool was really nice, not suitable for swimming but plenty of loungers and they supply the towels (so there's no chance of Germans comendeering all the loungers!!)I totally recommend Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon if you want a break or a longer stay in Vegas, give this one the once over.	
Sep 16 2008 	Cracking location and cheap	Chose Bill's because of the reviews on Tripadvisor, and we weren't disappointed. Rooms are very large and clean. King size beds just huge and 42&quot; Plasma TV. Shame that American TV channels are just rubbish. How many time do I need to see Sarah Palin's speech at the Rebulican Convention??? (MILF). Had an unobstructed view of the Bellagio Fountains from my room (108) and the Eiffel Tower. However, there is one problem with Bill's. Becasue of the great location on the strip, it can be noisy if you are trying to get a decent nap but who goes to Vegas to sleep?We would stay here again if/when we go back to Vegas.	
Sep 13 2008 	Nice Place	After reading many reviews for Bill's on this site we decided to give it a try. This was our 8th trip to Las Vegas, we took our daughter down for her 21st birthday. We stayed Aug 15-18. Check in was a breeze, asked for a view and got one no problem. The rooms were very comfortable, nice bed and TV. The bathrooms were fine, had read some posts that they were small, not so bad. A little noisy from the street, run the fan and all OK. The best part of Bill's is the size and location. You can be down to the casino or dead center strip in minutes. You have use of the Flamingo's pool, easy walk to the pool which is very nice and was busy Saturday.. The casino had a friendly atmosphere with reasonable prices. $.99 margarita's were a big hit with the wife and daughter. Drinks were reasonable with 2 for 1 coupons handed out like candy. Big Elvis was great, even though Big Elvis is not so big anymore, good for him. Gamblin was fine, crap tables lively and friendly. Food O.K in the Victorian room, did not try the steak house. Walk down to Ellis Island for a great cheap dinner. All in all a nice place with very good rates. Will definitely try this place again.	
Sep 11 2008 	Fantastic Gem in great situation	This was our first time since Bill's had changed from the Barbary Coast.The only difference we noticed was the addition of a huge flat screen tv in each room,very nice.We stayed on the third floor which is the smokers floor,so if you smoke that's where you'll be.The room was lovely,very clean and comfortable-especially the bed.The great thing about Bills is its right in the heart of the strip.No long walk to elevators, and loads of staff so you're not waiting long for much.We ate in our room for breakfast-the stack of pancakes and syrup is to die for.In the evening we ate in the Victoria room which does brilliant steaks and salmon and other tasty dishes.While we were there a group were very rowdy keeping us awake and we called the front desk who called secutity to sort it.Next day,we were upgraded to a suite for our inconveniance which was amazing.All in all,Las Vegas is a brill,exciting resort.You can enjoy it all from Bills without being Rockaffella!!! If you're going don't forget they don't have kettles in the room.We took a travel kettle and adapter as we can't live without our cups of tea!!	
Sep 9 2008 	Bill's is Gold!	For our first trip to Vegas we wanted to stay in the middle of the Strip, where the action is, but not pay a fortune for the priviledge.The review's of Bill's on here were spot on. Bill's is in the perfect location, opposite the Bellagio and next to the Flamingo, and the newly refurbished rooms were more than comfortable, with a very comfy king bed and 42in TV. The room, and bathroom, were spotless and cleaned as such everyday. The check-in staff were extremely helpful and attentive and were happy to help in all ways. The only slight negative with the room was the air-con was pretty loud, but by the time we got back to the room that hardly mattered!Finally, you get access to the Flamingo Pool, which is rated #4 in Vegas for good reason. All in all, Bill's was great and for $90 a night on weekends, with $3 Coronas and .99c Margheritas, we'll be back.	
Sep 8 2008 	First Time in Vegas	THE ROOMPositives:Very large. Kingsize bed with large plasma TV.Great view.Negatives:The A/C made a lot of noise to the point where it kept me awake.The bathroom sink was clogged.There were little ants in the bathroom.Got a little noisy a few times with people partying.They unclogged the sink serviced the AC the same day, but that night the A/C noise came back.AMENITIESIf you are into gambling, this is probably good enough for you. There is nightly entertainment and full out gambling. However, it you are looking for a nice pool, you have to go next door to the Flamingo. If you are looking for a nice restaurant, you are better off venturing out of the hotel.I wasn't aware, but you can smoke pretty much everywhere in Vegas, and this hotel is no exception, so be prepared for the smell of smoke. SUMMARYYou are in the heart of the Strip, can walk anywhere, this hotel is very affordable. Would I stay here again? Probably not, but it was fine for my first time.	
Sep 6 2008 	Great location	We stayed 3 nights and loved the location of the hotel in the middle of the strip. The rooms were quiet, clean and comfortable (room 435, handicap accessible) with good security in the evenings to get to your room. Very quick check in and out, no line-ups like we saw at the Flamingo. About a $15 cab ride from the airport.Great $0.99 margaritas and the $2 hotdogs were awesome as well. Excellent coffee at the Seattle's best in the casino area, grabbed coffee and a muffin in the morning for a cheap on-the-go breakfast.Loved the 42 inch TV but it only has basic channels. Played in the casino a bit but were close to so many good spots that we tried a few (Bally's, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Flamingo).Would stay here again for sure.	
Sep 6 2008 	Bill's really nice for the money	My husband and I stayed at Bill's from Thursday August 28th until mid-afternoon on Labor Day. There was no line at check in but it was about eleven in the morning. They did not have a King room available but offered us a Queen room(two beds) with a strip view at no extra charge on the fourth floor. We took it(rm 448) and the view was of the Bellagio and Bally's, very nice. The room was clean and well kept. The bathroom is small but has a stained glass window and can be opened and shut for further strip views. The drain in the bathtub was a little slow but caused no real problems. The maids always had the room done by the time we got back from breakfast and site seeing in the morning. We used the pool at the Flamingo which was another story. Nice big pool-too crowded most of the time. The water was quite cool but refreshing. Too many people left their garbage around and in the pool. That experience could have been so much nicer. Bill's in really nice for the money. I would consider staying here again.	
Sep 3 2008 	Cheap + Location = Perfect!!!	Just returned from a Las Vegas and LA trip. Bills was our choice for Vegas. We stayed there for three nights(Tuesday to Friday) and loved it. Yes the property is older, but everything is clean, just a little worn. We were in a King non smoking room on the second floor, right off the elevators(perfect). We loved the fact that security checks room keys, and every night security was seen roaming the halls. The room was a good size. Big closet, lots of drawer space, plenty of chairs if you had visitors. There was also plenty of lights, which helped the hotel to fit in with the city I guess. Bed was clean and comfy. Although it really didn't matter because by the time my head hit the pillow anything would have been comfy!!! Bathroom was made for seniors with no tub and a chair in the shower, as well as rails everywhere. Window opening up was neat when showering. Flat screen TV was great as well. Makes for a lot more room in the room. All in all Bills was great!!! On the strip in 2 mins, quiet comfy rooms, good security, and no huge check in/out lines as witnessed in the big properties!!!Also ate in the Victorian room for a late night snack. Interior is dated as well, but all in all it exceeded expectations. Not fine dining but was great midnight food.	
Sep 3 2008 	By Far the Best Value for Money on the Strip	I spent a long time researching where to stay, almost chose the Luxor, but I am glad I didn't. The best thing about Bill's is your proximity to the strip. You can literally go from your room to the strip in around a minute. This is something that is impossible in any of the larger hotels. While walking along the strip my girlfriend and I found many people toting their luggage to the entrance while checking out. You could see how far they had walked on their faces, we never had such a problem, we knew that after a long day out our room was right there, we could even pick it out from across the street. The rooms are in excellent condition. We had a kingside room facing Bally's, Paris and the Bellagio. If you are going to stay at Bill's book a stripside room. The view is amazing, especially at night. The bathrooms, while small are functional, and we didn't exactly come on holiday to go to the bathroom. All in all Bill's has sparked a love in myself and my girlfriends hearts for small hotels in prime location. Bill's all the real benefits of being on the strip, with none of the drawbacks the megacasinos have.	
Sep 2 2008 	Don't look any further	The hotel is perfectly located in the middle of the strip. It's much smaller than many of the other hotel/casinos which is a good thing because it makes check-in/out and going to and from the hotel easy.The rooms were a good size and were clean and well presented. The beds were very comfy. We asked for a room overlooking Flamingo St (thanks to a good tip from the taxi driver) and could watch the Bellagio fountains out the window.The only downside is that there is no fridge or coffee making facilities in the rooms. Having said that, you're in Vegas so you shouldn't be hanging out in the hotel room for too long.We loved Bill's and would recommend it to anyone. It's location and price tag make it an obvious choice.	
Aug 23 2008 	Bill's is great for the money	I you're looking for a good value right in the middle of the strip, Bill's is it. This was our first time to Vegas, and I did a lot of research before settling on Bill's. I chose well. The room was clean and comfortable and the employee's were attentive. The bathroom was kind of small, but fine for my husband and I. When we first arrived we were givin a king room with a sitting room and a large bathroom with a spa tub but no shower. This may sound crazy, but I prefer a shower. The room was kind of out dated, like it hadn't been updated in the last 20 years. We called the front desk and they asked if we minded a room with 2 queens, we said no, and they quickly accomodated us. We were moved to a more modern room, albeit smaller, with a flat screen and a shower. It was smooth sailing from then on. The only other issue was the Victorian Room restaurant. There is a reason why the steak is only $14.95. We only ate there once, and I'll leave it at that.	
Aug 22 2008 	I love this casino/hotel!	Bill's is a regular stop for us everytime we're in Vegas (about 3-8 times a year). We've been coming here since it was still Barbary Coast. I learned how to play craps in this casino and regularly play everytime we go. The people at the table are really helpful. Roulette is also good here. I've won on several slot machines here too. The quarter Wheel of Fortunes ($700-April 2006) and a penny machine called 'Shake your Booty' ($100 two different times in one day in March 2008). We went to Bill's this year during March Madness. We stayed at a different hotel but came to watch the games in the lounge area. It was great fun. When you bet in the sports book, they give you drink tickets and the waitresses came around regularly. Our friends came and met us there and liked it a lot too and now they return everytime they're in Vegas.We booked a room here in April because we were going to a wedding at the Flamingo and the rooms at Bill's were MUCH cheaper. It was convenient to park (though the parking ramp felt like a roller coaster) and check-in and getting to our room was convenient too. Our room didn't have a view, but it was spacious, clean, and comfortable. The TV's are a plus too, Great picture!!! The best TV we've had in a room and we've stayed in suites at Paris, Harrah's, and Mandalay Bay.Another plus is the access to the pool at the Flamingo. We didn't use it when we stayed, but I have stayed at the Flamingo and their pool is my favorite. I've been to the pools at Excalibur, Tropicana, Mandalay Bay, and Bally's and the Flamingo pool is MUCH better. Great pool, fun little waterslides, great drinks poolside, and misters on the trees to cool you down. It's crowded, but not as bad as the crowds at Mandalay Bay's pools.The Victorian Room for dining is probably the worst thing about this property, and it's not bad, it's just not that good.	
Aug 17 2008 	What a Gem!!	Like most other reviewers, I was totally impressed with Bill's. It's location is second to none. The staff were uniformly pleasant. It literally was two steps from the front desk to the elevator. I did not find the casino particularly smoky. And I did like the fact that there were security personnel on the property (and roaming the floors) throughout the day. I just do not know of a better lodging hotel in the mid-Strip area that compares to Bill's. I would highly recommend it to anybody wanting to stay on the Strip not wanting to pay megabucks for a room.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great for the price!	Stayed here for two nights, was surprised at the inexpensive price for strip hotel with this location. Booked through a travel website (their own website isn't secure) and requested 1 king non-smoking. Checked in no problem at 3pm, nobody else in line, but when I got to the room it had two full (or queen?) size beds and it was a smoking room. I didn't bother asking for a change since the room didn't smell bad and figured wasn't worth the trouble. Room was clean, but a bit noisy since I was on the Flamingo side of the building where there were a lot of machinery/air conditioner type equipment running 24 hours a day. They advertise having a Plasma HDTV in every room, but this is pretty worthless without any HD programming. Standard defintion picture looked pretty bad on these tv's. Room service was good, arrived both times around 20 minutes; room service menu was same as their coffeshop without the chinese food. Free hotel parking was convienient, quick from parking lot to the hotel, unlike most strip hotels. Anyway, I would stay here again next time. Location was great, rooms were fine, food good as was the maid service. One drawback is the small, smoky casino which reminds me of the downtown hotels.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great Hotel Excellent Holiday	We chose bills as we wanted a very central hotel but not a huge price tag! Bills fits the Bill!We were very impressed with the room, all you need for a base and a place to rest your head after a long day and nite in vegas! If you want glitz and glam, then Bills is probably not for you, but if you want a central, clean, cheap and good hotel room with access to a huge swimming pool and a fun little casino then check it out!We had a large room with king sized bed, a good bathroom with a powerful shower (albiet it a low shower!) and a great view of the strip and the bellagio fountains which was really nice. (how much would you have to pay for a stay at the bellagio with a view of the fountains?!) Everything was clean and the maid service was good, always fresh towels and toiletries etc. The only negative would be that the air con is sooooo loud (but works a treat!) and also if you have a low floor strip view room the noise from the street can be loud but you cant complain - you're in vegas and not meant to be sleeping!!!We also thought bills was a good deal as you can use the huge pool at the flamingo, but we only managed to get there one afternoon as we had too much else to do while we were there! It was ok but very over crowded and the drinks we really over-priced but we had a fun afternoon.The casino can get a little smoky and the carpets are worn on the entrances which give it a less than appealing feel, but we thought bills was great! Cocktails came frequently, 99 cent margaritas were great and big elvis really is BIG!I wouldnt hesitate to stay there again if im lucky enough to get to vegas again!!	
Aug 11 2008 	Great location	This hotel is at the best place (currently, as Vegas is always changing) on the Strip, right at the junction with the Flamingo Road facing the Bellagio, the Bally's and the Ceasars Palace. Be aware of traffic noise if you stay anywhere on the Strip!Bill's Gambling is a great choice if you don't have or don't want to spend to much money on accomodation. Check-in and check-out was very quick, that is a hugh advantage in Vegas.The parking was included in the room price.The room was very clean, but a bit old and needs renovation, maybe refurnishment later on. The big flat tv was therefore a big surprise for us...Our room was facing the Paris-Paris, great view.The breakfast was plentiful but maybe too american for my european stomach.	
Aug 9 2008 	Check out Big Elvis	We stopped by Bill's Gambling Hall to see Big Elvis! The guy can rock. He gets the audience to participate. Though it was like being in a 70's night club, it's really alot of fun. Big Elvis' show is free and its worth checking out.While your at Bill's check out the $14.95 steak dinner. Soup or salad, steak or prime rib and a potato all for $14.95. It was a great dinner.Also, Bill's is a Harrah's property so use your players card. We didn't know that it as a Harrah's property and we played a while.Big Elvis is worth the time but get there early if you want an upclose seat.	
Aug 8 2008 	Good Place	Stayed at Bills for two nights. Room was comfortable and clean. Maid service was very good. Was in room 402 with excellent southern view toward Bellagio. No noise problems other than the occasional EMS vehicle. Margaritas were so-so. Victorian Room had solid food, nice staff with excellent service. Slots were tight. Plenty of winners at Craps though. Regular crowd sometimes can look a little seedy, but there were no issues at all. Other hotels had some fights, expulsions, etc. Everyone at Bill's was courteous and responsive to inquiries.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great Location; would stay again	We arrived on a Sunday around lunchtime and had only a short wait for our room. We were in nonsmoking on the 4th floor, and ended up witha a pretty terrific view of the Bellagio water show. Because this is a small hotel, there were no big crowds, and no line for the 99 cent margaritas! Bill's is centrally located on the strip, with free use of the beautiful pool at the Flamingo next door. You can catch the Monorail from there as well. The room was spacious and clean, and we enjoyed the 42&quot; flat screen tv.Avoid the Sahara's buffet, but try the one at the Hilton. It was delicious! Bring a baggie and an extra loaf of bread and buy a sandwich at the Carnegie Deli in the Mirage; it is embarrassingly large, with enough meat for at least three lunches!	
Aug 4 2008 	Best Deal in Vegas	Bill's is the best kept secret in Vegas. Don't let the name fool you. Bill's is located directly across from Bellagio and Caesars Palace. If you are on a budget and you are looking for a good clean room, that's not far from strip, then Bill's is the hotel as it's located in the middle of the action. The hotel is a bit dark and looks old when you first walk in, but the room is a good size and the bathrooms are large and look new. The shower area is huge! You even get a flat screen TV.Service at the very small check was friendly and most of the staff we encounter were friendly too.All in all, this is a great budget hotel.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Location	Was at the end of a road trip and wanted to see Vegas for the first time so I read the reviews on the site and was glad I did. The hotel was well worth staying at. The location alone is worth it. Located on the corner of the Strip and Flaming Rd you are right in the center of the strip. Ballys is across Flamingo Rd, The Flamingo is right next door and the Bellagio and Caesars are across the street. The hotel has about 8 floors and the rooms are very clean and nice. The big tvs are also a nice treat to have. The bathroom was small but not bad at all. Stayed for 2 nights and I would stay again. The casino was nice, not too big. Had breakfast in the Victorian Room and it was a nice filling breakfast. If you arent looking for a huge big hotel I highly recommend this hotel if you plan on staying in Vegas.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great hotel in a central location...	The hotel is in a great location on the strip, right where the action is. We didn't need our car once we got to the hotel. All the casinos we wanted to visit were within walking distance or a short taxi ride away. Check-in was quick (no line) and we were given a room with a partial view of the Bellagio Fountains on the 4th floor. The room was spacious and the 42&quot; plasma tv was a plus, although channel selection was limited. It was 100+ degrees outside but we kept cool thanks to the powerful air conditioner. The bathroom had a stained glass window that opened up and we could watch the fountain show as we showered.I noticed there wasn't a fridge or a safe in the room, but we didn't miss either. I payed about $100/nt which is a bargain for its location. I'd definitely stay here again when I return to Vegas.	
Jul 26 2008 	perfect hotel/location at bills	Perfect hotel and location. Very clean rooms well looked after hotel. First time in vegas and was made even better by bills, highly recomended.	
Jul 25 2008 	Ideal for the strip	We were looking for somewhere not too expensive and close to the strip. Naturally we looked at Trip advisor and went for 'Bills'.It's an excellent place. Not expensive. Small (only 200 rooms) and some of the staff get to recognise you.We had a room overlooking the Bellagio fountains albeit at an angle and it's right opposite Caesars Palace. Its very central on the strip.The rooms are big and comfortable and clean. An ice bucket can be filled from a machine in the corridor and there are useful things like an iron and ironing board. They have huge flat panel Tv's if you find time to watch them. If you are into gambling then you may want a bigger place but because of the location you only need to walk for a couple of mins to the larger casinos.There is no pool but you can use the pool in the hotel Flamingo next door. This is more of a play pool complex and can get busy, but it is quite large and in nice gardens. Food options are not extensive, but again there is plenty locally to choose from.We were so happy with the place that we went back for a night after visisting Grand Canyon and would go again. It does not have all the Disneyesque stuff that the other places have but for value for money and compared to what you get in the UK we would recommend it.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great hotel and locations!	We stayed at bill's for 10 days and nights last June while we were getting married right next door at the Flamingo, Rooms are great and so is the service, never had a problem with anything, we got room service at 3 am after a night on the strip and loved it! They had a security guard outside the elevators on the lobby floor checking room keys and we thought that was great. Also my parents came for our wedding last year and they go to vegas about every three months and they stay at Bill's now every time! Great service and good rooms, great views and a great location. How much better can it get?	
Jul 22 2008 	Best deal on the Strip	We stayed at Bill's from June 29 through July 6. We had been planning on staying at TI when we got a promo code from Bill's for weeknights at $57 and $87 on the weekend. We couldn't pass that up. Boy, am I glad we didn't! When we got to the hotel, we told them we were there for our anniversary and were upgraded to a room with a view at no charge. The casino (well, the whole hotel) is small, but that actually is an advantage at the end of a long day of walking or a night out partying. We could walk in the doors of the casino and be in the room in less than five minutes. I also liked that a security guard was at the elevators every night checking for room keys. All the staff we encourtered were friendly.We were on the first level above the casino in a corner room (if you look at a photo of Bill's at night, you can see on the corner above the round sign there's a light shining on a window — that was our room). We had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and could even hear the music if we opened the window in the bathroom. The room was actually bigger than it looks in pictures. There is not closet, per se, but there is a place to hang clothes by the sink in the bathroom (the sink is separate from the toilet and bathtub). A previous reviewer mentioned something about smelling smoke in their room, but we didn't experience this at all. The room was quite clean and up to date. Housekeeping did a very good job and never woke us up.I did notice that there was noise from the street, but I popped in some earplugs and was fine. If you're a light sleeper, you may want to do the same. It's hard to complain about the noise, though, seeing as how it's Vegas. My husband was not bothered by the noise at all.Bill's has also added a poker &quot;room&quot; (really it's a roped-off area) with very low- and no-limit Texas Hold'em. Had pretty good luck there.We ordered room service several times. The food (from the Victorian Room restaurant) was OK, but service declined as the week went on. Also, the last day or two we were there, the water temperature was a bit sketchy. It would get very hot for a second, then regulate. However, because the 4th of July crowd came in over the last few days of our stay, we might have experienced this no matter where we were, so I don't really count these last issues against the hotel.We had full use of Flamingo's pool at no charge, which was a plus. However, be forewarned: This pool has VERY COLD WATER. VERY cold. It's also not a good pool for relaxing, though I did manage to fall asleep once on a chair. There was definitely a party atmosphere.	
Jul 19 2008 	Excellent find - thanks to trip advisor	What a fantastic find - thanks to tripadvisor i looked at the reviews for Las Vegas hotels and booked this one for me and my husband to stay in during a two week usa fly drive. Its slap bang in the middle of the strip we upgraded an extra $20 for a strip view and paid the princely sum of $69 a night for the room. Thats about £37 a night ! The room was a good size very clean and newly decorated. Larger than kingsize comfortable bed opposite which was a 42&quot; plasma TV . The Bellagio fountains were opposite our room and although there is not a swimming pool on site we had full use of the Flamingos pool which is next door. We loved the hotel and vegas so much that we stayed 5 nights instead of the intended 3 - and played blackjack in the casino at Bills as well as the slots. you get free cocktails if you play and the strawberry daiquiris were excellent. There were live bands playing each night from around 10pm and Big Elvis was a definate must see he plays three times nightly. 99cent frozen margaritas were fab value. Did not eat in the hotel in the evenings just because we were busy sightseeing but the breakfasts were huge and good value with free flowing coffee. Could not recommend this hotel more highly --- just go and enjoy. We intend to go back and back and back!!	
Jul 18 2008 	Best Kept secret in Las Vegas. Shhh!	If you're looking for a GREAT VALUE in a GREAT LOCATION, this is the place. First, the location:1. On the northeast corner of East Flamingo Road and Las Vegas Bl2. The other three corners of this intersection have:a. Northwest Corner --- Caesar's Palaceb. Southwest Corner --- Bellagioc. Southeast Corner --- Bally's (with Paris Las Vegas next to it)3. On the north side of the hotel (away from the intersection) is the Flamingo.You cannot be more central to the Strip than being at this hotel. Now, let's get realistic. This is a 3-star hotel -- a good, solid property without the WOW of all of the other famous 4-star and 5-star hotels. If you want the WOW, stay somewhere else; if not, then Bill's is your place. My room (#428) was on the south side of the hotel (top floor) and cost me $49 (including tax with a AAA discount). Without the discount, the room is $5 more. I had a view of Bally's and the right half of the 'Eiffel Tower' of Paris Las Vegas, peeking out from behind Bally's. I had a king-size bed, a writing desk, a little table and two chairs, a dresser with 6 large drawers and a flat screen TV (which I never turned on). To be honest, the bed was a little lumpy. It took a few minutes, the first night to find a comfortable area on the bed but after that, no problem.The bath was modern and had a frosted stained-glass window in the tub/shower -- a nice touch. Water pressure and soaps, etc were good.The front desk (reception) personnel were not terribly friendly. They weren't unfriendly but they didn't smile much. I checked in at 1:45 pm and there was only one person in front of me. When I checked out, at 12:30 (after requesting a late checkout, which they gave me with no hesitation) there was no one in front of me.The availability of late checkout depends on how many people are checking in for that day so don't get mad if they deny you the ability for this checkout.I took a free 'craps' lesson at 10:30, one morning in the casino (the lessons are given daily) and I have to say, I was almost as confused after the lesson as before but maybe you'll have a better experience. (They give you a book of rules but that still didn't help much).The BEST part of the hotel is the free access to the pool area at the Flamingo Hotel that is next door. It takes 30 seconds to walk from Bill's to the entrance of the Flamingo (they are separated by a 2-lane driveway). The walk to the pool area takes a few minutes through the Flamingo Hotel but it's easy to navigate. The pool area (which opens at 8 a.m. and has some people lining up at 7 to claim chairs) is, in my view, the best that Las Vegas has to offer. There are 5 pools, as I recall. There is a cool, spiral slide that empties into one, then 2 more pools that are connected by smaller slides, then the main pool which is huge with a waterwall at one end that you can swim under; lastly, there's an 'adult only' pool (topless is ok).Adjacent to the pool is a mini zoo of a sorts with, you guessed it, Flamingos (black ones) and some other water creatures. There is also a wing of hotel shops that is adjacent to the pool area. I spent a solid 1/2 day at this pool area and truly enjoyed myself: rode the slides, met some nice people in the pool and chatted, and swam, of course. I regretted not having the time to return. There were kids there but everyone was very well-behaved, surprising given the scarcity of available seating in thIs GIANT pool area.I, too, found the casino a little bit smoky but I found most of the smoke to be in the late afternoon and evening. If you want to gamble and don't like smoke (as I don't), gamble early. (There are also 'smoke free casinos' and 'smoke free areas' in some casinos. The other thing to remember is that the casino is on the corner of the aforementioned streets. The reception area for the hotel is in a tiny corner of the casino that is accessible from an entrance on East Flamingo Road (or you can enter the casino from Las Vegas Bl and walk through it to reception). The hotel elevators are 20' from reception. So, if you want to avoid the smoke of the casino, come down the elevator, exit onto Flamingo Road, turn right (walking along the exterior wall of the casino, until you reach the intersection of Las Vegas Bl) and then turn left or right onto Las Vegas Bl, and you're on your way -- smokeless!.As mentioned by a previous poster, the casino, by Las Vegas standards, is small and is a simple rectangle (also, unusual for LV). So, it's easy to navigate from the elevators and front desk area to the Las Vegas Bl exits.I visited the hotel at their website and, as a result, made my reservation by calling the 800 number that I found there.All in all, I had a great experience at this hotel.	
Jul 17 2008 	The perfect location but not so perfect hotel...	I have read various good reviews on Bill's before booking it. After 2 nights there, I would say that I rather pay $10~20 more per a night to stay at Bally's across the street next time! I guess I got what I paid for-- The Perfect location on the strip (the middle of the strip), but not so great rooms. Don't get me wrong. The rooms look clean and it's spacious, however there's a strong smell in the hallway. I'm not sure if it's because the hotel is one of the oldest, or it's smoke smell. Another thing that bothered me is that you can hear every whisper in the hallway from the room! Also, the coffee maker I got in my room was very dirty &amp; stained inside! However, one good thing I liked about it is that, there is always a security guard in front of the elevators checking your room keys through out the night. My conclusion is that, it is a great deal, but I personally would much prefer newer/fresh smelling hotels.	
Jul 15 2008 	Double Check Everything	I just recently returned from a Vegas trip which was a birthday present for my father's 75th birthday. First off - this is NOT a 5 star hotel. If you are used to hotels like MGM, Mandalay Bay, Rio, etc..this is not the place for you. However, since the trip was for my father - I have to give credit that my parents did like the hotel mainly that you could not &quot;get lost&quot; in it. They were able to split up and meet up again in the casiono with little to no problems (and since my dad is not the cell phone carrying type - this was a big plus). So here were my thoughts on the hotel.The good - Small enough that you could navigate through the casino easily and the table limits during the day were perfect ($3-$5 minimum) for the non-highroller. Also the cocktail waitresses visited all the tables very often so you did not have to wait 15 min for a drink. The rooms were very spacious and clean and the flat screen TV's had a good picture (not that you came to Vegas to watch TV but they looked cool). The location was great. You were in the middle of everything and a literal stones throw away from the Flamingo where you could hop on the monorail if so desired. Bally's and Bellagio were also within a 1-3 min walk.The bad - There are 2 sets of elevators here. 1 set for the hotel and another for the parking garage. We arrived Friday morning and Friday night one of the parking garage elevators broke down. When we checked out on Monday, the elevator was still broken. So there were long lines to get in and out of the hotel (if you brought/rented a car) and there is no A/C in the elevators or garage. The casino is a bit smokey but tolerable.The Worst - I have to take some responsibility on this since I booked 2 rooms (one for my girlfriend and I and the other for my aparents) and the other room was in my mother's name. My mother did not have her license with her so they refused to let us check into the 2nd room. However, I showed the front desk clerk my itinerary from Expedia which showed the flight and hotel info with all our names with the same last name. Both rooms were paid with my credit card - yet she still refused. So I called Expedia and they told me that they could not change the names on the account but they would speak to the hotel for me. I offered my cell to the desk clerk and she stated that she could not take the call from my cell. So Expedia called the hotel directly. She even gave Expeida trouble on the phone. This clerk was not friendly, extremely UNhelpful, and in the end said that I was frustrating her. My check-in process took over an hour and she was frustrated..poor thing.Anyway - had there been no problems with check-in, my opinion of the hotel would probably be better. But the hotel itself should not suffer from it's staffs unprofessionalism.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Little Hotel And Casino	We booked a hotel flight package through USAIRWAYS,(I highly recommend this).Bill's was a great place to stay. The room was very spacious for the wife and I; we stayed from July 8-12. We pretty much were only in the room to sleep. The room was kept very clean by housekeeping. It also was a very comfortable room. We requested a coffee pot at check in and it was delivered to the room before we could even get unpacked at no additional costs.All the strip casinos are pretty much in walking distance. To the north within a 5 minute walk was Flamingos, Harrahs, O'sheas(a great place for the younger crowd), Venetian and Palazzo's and these are all on the same side of the street as Bills. Across the street from Bill's heading North Bellagio,Ceasars,MGM Grand and Treasure Island.We never did eat in the hotel restaraunts no particular reason though I did get coffee from the Seattle'sBest coffee down in the casino area every morning(very good coffee)The 1 thing that can be very annoying about Las Vegas is the people on the corners going mostly after couples to go and sit through time-share speils. This gets very annoying. The trick is to tell them you are leaving that day and they will be more apt to leave you alone; though they try hard to lure people with either comps or show tickets.	
Jul 12 2008 	Bill's is freakin' sweet!	We had a great time at Bill's. We stayed a week over our fithe anniversery, and Bill's was great. It was clean, centrally located, right on the strip, nice dealers, decent food, intimate atomsphere, and every night retuning to your room felt like going home.Oh, and Big Elvis is AWESOME!	
Jul 9 2008 	The Price is Right!	Stayed at Bill's for three nights first week of July. The location couldnt be better! smack dab in the middle of the strip. The hotel is not large but for me that was a plus. Got to the strip quick. Security is stationed at the elevator doors at night checking to see if you have a room card. Decent coffee shop opens at 6:30 a.m. Rooms are decent, bed was very comfortable, bathroom meets all your needs, get clean and go!! You cant beat the price for this. One thing though, the receptionists could be a little more helpful when asked questions. Victoria resturant has basic fare for lunch. The $0.99 margaritas are ok. All in all if you want a decent place to stay for a great price and location this is it.	
Jul 8 2008	Great Stay at Bill's!	Finally selected Bill's after viewing the reviews from TA. It was a great place to stay in if you don't have small kids and don't stay in the hotel most of the time as there is not much entertainment in the hotel except for casino. The basics are all there in good shape - efficient admin, clean spacious room, good plasma TV, only that the bath tub has a sluggish water flow so it was often slightly flooded after a shower (but a small thing). Bill's has a fantastic location, right in the middle of the strip and once you step out of the hotel, it's within minutes to the other grand hotels nearby - Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Planet Hollywood which has great things to view/shop, but which you would have to pay several times more to stay in. Bill's is also steps away from the Deuce bus stop at Flamingo, which we took to the Las Vegas Outlet Centre and Premium Outlets for our shopping sprees. It is also a pickup location that tour companies and airport shuttles will not miss as it's surrounded by other popular hotels. I must also compliment the Victoria Room which is the 24hrs hotel restaurant. It always has a long queue and the waiting diners on list will be announced via the PA system. The Chinese food served was very nice and in huge portions, and the steam rice, tea and coffee were free and free-flowing too! Not to mention that we were served by a very friendly and helpful waiter on our second time there. The only thing is that for the 4th July stay, the price is 3 times the normal rate, as it's a public holiday. Other than that, it's a great fine place to stay in along the strip, if you are not intending to spend a lot of time indoors.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Value	I really thought this was a great hotel for the price!! We were in a great location (between Bally's and Flamingo) and accross from Cesars! The price was great and the staff were friendly. I wasn't greatly impressed with the breakfast I had the first day in their restaurant, but they had excellent club sandwiches!! Anyway, if you're looking for a good, clean hotel for a good price, this is a great place to stay!	
Jul 6 2008 	Great stay in Las Vegas	Just recently stayed at Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon for one night in June. My family was there on a Saturday night, after flying into Vegas. We had one quick night, and have to agree with other reviewers that this hotel was perfect. You could be on the strip and in your room very quickly, which was great for us. The room was very clean. The beds were super comfortable, and the flat screen tv on the wall was nice. Our room was actually larger than a traditional hotel room. The location was great. You felt as though you were in the middle of it all. Would definitely recommend this hotel, just know, it is not all about glitz and glamour, it is more about clean and location.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great for the price	Loved this hotel. Room was not fancy but adequately appointed and quite comfortable for a family of four (two teenagers) and the hotel has many advantages because it's small: quick check in, easy and quick walk from your room to the Strip, an intimate casino, and five minutes or less to and from ample free parking in garage attached to hotel. You also have easy and free access to the large Flamingo pool complex, although if you are staying during the summer, be prepared for large crowds and no poolside seating, unless you come early. Staff were pleasant and helpful, it's inexpensive, and the location can't be beat in the heart of the strip - directly across from Ceasar's and a short walk to Bellagio's. For no particular reason, we did not eat at the hotel, so I don't have recommendations regarding their restaurants, but there are plenty of choices nearby. We booked directly through the hotel's website, which equalled the best price found on other sites.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great value and position	We decided on Bills after reading reviews on TA and were not disappointed. Location was fantastic, room was spacious with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Heard virtually no street noise except for sirens. We missed not having a coffee pot and I can never understand why there are no refrigerators in USA hotel rooms when it's 110 degrees outside. Our only criticism was that the air conditioner was very noisy. For the price I think it is fantastic value and we would definitely stay there again. Oh and they have 99c magaritas in the bar near check in.	
Jul 2 2008 	Complete Disappointment	My husband and I frequent Vegas and we always stay in the same hotel, so this time we decided to stay something new. We were there for a holiday weekend which meant room rates were a little higher than usual. Bill's was in a great location and the price was okay compared to other hotels that weekend. Boy, do I wish we would have just shelled out $50 or so more to stay at another hotel...The disappointment hit as soon as we arrived. Upon arrival we found the desk, but no one was there. We waited for five minutes then asked someone in the Victorian Room restaurant if someone could check us in. The lady said she would call someone and it took another 5 minutes or so for the desk lady to finally show up! If there isn't a line at the desk there is no reason for a wait. Even Motel 6 has someone at the counter!The room did look just like the picture, which was a pleasant surprise, but was less than satisfactory after being there for a minute. It stated that there was a safe in the room, but there wasn't. For some reason they put us in a handicap room (unless they are all accessible like that) and the bathroom was terrible. There wasn't a tub...accessible...so there was just a bunch of drains on the floor. Well, the drains were in the wrong places so when you took a shower the whole bathroom would flood and be a sopping mess for hours. It was a colder than usual weekend and the lack of covers on the bed wasn't helpful. There was only a sheet and a small blanket that barely covered the two of us. When I asked for more blankets or a comforter I was told that they didn't have any extra. This was also the worst room for noise I have ever stayed in!! There was about an inch gap between the floor and the bottom of the door so everything going on in the hall was heard quite clear! People were hanging out in the hallway all night both nights we stayed. Also, there was tons of noise from the parking garage right outside our window (from the Flamingo).The staff was absolutely horrible! Every time we tried to call the desk no one answered. If we needed anything we would have to walk to the desk and then wait for another staff member to track down the desk person. The whole time we were there I never saw anyone standing at the desk. They could never help with anything...blankets, getting people to stop partying in hallways, etc. At checkout the lady asked us if we enjoyed our stay and when I started saying that we hadn't she totally cut me off, handed me the receipt, and walked away. I will never stay there again or recommend this place to anyone! Stay far away!!!!	
Jul 1 2008 	Bill's was a great stay	We stayed at Bill's in late June and had room 255. There was virtually no view from the room, but it was at the end of the hall and was very quiet. The bathroom was plenty big and had a very nice walk-in shower. The room was always cleaned properly, and we always had fresh towels. We had no issues with AC or noise from the strip.Bill's is an older casino and hotel. It has been re-done, but still feels like it is straight out of the 70's. The casino is smoky and the rooms are not huge. There is no pool, but you are allowed to use the pool at the Flamingo (5 min walk.) We ate in both restaurants. The Victorian Room is great for a late night breakfast or dinner, and the Steakhouse was perfect for a good meal with food friends in a retro environment. We did not go into the night club, Drai's, but there was a big line of good looking young folks trying to get in. Probably a good place for a late night pick-up if you are single.Although Bill's is not anything like the other Mega Resorts in Vegas, there is something a bit special about the place. There was a buzz in the casino everytime we walked through the doors. The bar has great specials ($2.25 Bud/Bud Light aluminums 16 oz) and is a welcome relief from the $13 drinks we were buying at Mandalay Bay. The table games are usually $5-$10 minimums and the dealers are much friendlier (Not to mention better looking) than at the bigger casinos. We placed a few bets at the sports book, and although it is smaller than most other rooms in town, the variety of bets that could be placed were matched only at the Hilton. Be sure to join the Player's Club. Overall, we had a very good stay at Bill's. I would stay there again in a minute.	
Jun 29 2008 	best view around - great homey hotel	we decided to try bills gamblin' hall in las vegas because of the good things we had heard about it. we were not disappointed. the price was certainly priced right for being right in the middle of the strip directly across from cesars, paris, and flamingo. it is a small hotel that can easily be overlooked. i heard it was recently bought by harrah's which would explain the room renovations. the rooms were nice with flat panel tv's and new clean bedding with comfortable mattresses. we decided to pay 10 dollars more a night for a room with a great view and were so happy we did. we could see both the dancing waters and the lit up eifle tower from the window. it was great. one of the great things about this small hotel is that because it is so small you can leave your room and be out on the strip in two minutes rather than having to walk for a quarter mile from your room to the door like in big hotels. if i had to say anything bad about the hotel it would be that because of the great view we had of the strip that we did have traffic and street noise but it didn't bother us at all. it might bother other people though. i will definately say here again. we were in room 406.	
Jun 26 2008 	what a great place	i spent many hours looking for a cheap but good hotel,bills can not be beaten,we had room 106 which had a great view of the bellagio fountains and the paris tower,the staff were always freindly and helpful,the bell men were great,the rooms were big,clean and modern there are better hotels on the strip but none were in a better location. bills steakhouse is a must,we wasnt going to eat there but when we did we booked for the folling night and took my parents there,the steaks were the best i have ever had and the king crab were fabulous,overall this place cant be beaten for value for money,location i will be coming back to vegas soon and will not look any further than bills	
Jun 25 2008 	locationlocation location 	This was our second stay at Bill. We stayed 6 nights. If you want a big hotel Bills is not for you. It has every basic thing you need for a comfortable stay. As mentioned by others you can use Flamingo pool which is very easy to get to. Love the fact you can easily &amp;quickly get to your room &amp; car, as well as walk out the door &amp; you are at the center of the strip. Room prices were great. We paid $59-$69 week days . When we first booked the rooms by phone thru Bills directly, the rates were higher so I called them back (twice) &amp; they adjusted our rates. Staff was very helpful. We had excellant rooms on the fourth floor with fountain views. Only thing I would add would be an in room safe &amp; a coffee maker. Minor things. Would most definately stay again.	
Jun 25 2008 	Wonderful value!	This was our second time staying at Bill's Gamblin' Hall and we were pleased then and we still are! We stayed in Room 420.The rooms are large and well appointed. The location is the absolute best. The last time we were here, we got a 'fountain view' room at no extra charge but this time we had to pay $10 more per day for less view than we had last time. Still, it is worth it to be able to look out our window and see the beautiful Bellagio fountains, Paris and all the activity on the street below.Bill's guests can use the very nice pool at the Flamingo next door. The only 'cons' were that the sheets are too small for the queen sized beds (there were two in our room) and if you toss about at all at night, you might find yourself laying directly on the mattress. Also, there is no coffee pot in the room.We ate at the Victorian Room in the hotel ($30 for two egg/toast/hash brown/bacon breakfasts)and it was the worst breakfast ever. Based on this breakfast, we wouldn't eat there again.But, we would stay at Bill's the next time we are in Vegas - in a heartbeat!	
Jun 23 2008 	Bill's: for Smoke lovin' patrons	I might not be too hard on old Bill's, were it not for the glowing reviews that so many people write about it. For starters, the casino is the most smoky one I walked through on and off strip. The smoke is so intense that it leaks into the Victorian restaurant and makes eating there less than pleasant.I was on the first floor with a unrequested view of the Bellagio Fountains. (Lower, even number rooms are closest to the show.) Unfortunately, the smoke from the casino leaked into my room at night. I found that my throat was burning from all the smoke. Some day I dream that Vegas goes smoke free, but alas, I know it will be a long long time coming.If you don't mind an older crowd and don't mind smoke, than you may agree with the majority of people who like this place. If you are prefer a younger crowd and are bothered by excessive smoke, do yourself a big favour and stay elsewhere. When I got home all my clothes went into the wash, including the ones that never came out of the suitcase!	
Jun 22 2008 	Location location location	We stayed at Bill's just one night at the end of a long family vacation. I would say their number one asset is their location.We had a room with two queen beds. The room is plenty big with a nice flat panel television. The bathroom is not that big, but how much time do you really spend in a bathroom!?It was nice to stay on the strip and be able to step out the door and be right there in all the action. We had spent six nights at the Wyndham a week before we stayed at Bill's and we are torn between on or off strip.The staff was very nice and helpful and we had no problems what so ever.	
Jun 21 2008	Bargain	I visited Bills for 7 nights from 6/11 to 6/18 costing me about $580 for the week which is a bargain as i'm sure some hotels charge you that for a night.The hotel is smaller than most and like the casino is basic but promises to be nothing more. As mentioned by others, the location cant be beat!!The reception is small and in the corner of the hotel but is sufficient for what it needed to be. I didn't have to wait at all. The lifts are adequate and i never really had to wait long at any time even though i think the hotel was full.I stayed on the first floor (i requested 4th floor) which overlooked Ballys with views of Paris Tower and Bellagio Fountains. Although you could hear the noise i never found the noise to keep me awake, so unless you are used to peace you'll be fine. The air-con was great and much needed although blots out the noise from the strip.The room was better than i imagined and for me travelling alone was much bigger in size than i expected and is easily sufficient for up to two people (IMO) The bathroom is small but did you need something that is huge?? The shower is a down point as although it was powerful enough with hot water the shower head was low down for me so i had to crouch. Like others have mentioned i do think this hotel suffers with the odd plumbling problem as water sometimes takes a while to clear and once the sink became blocked.The hotel is very clean and maids clean the room each day although i did feel they started early and could hear them knocking on doors from 0800. But the doors do lock so dont worry!.I didn't eat at the hotel, Big Elvis is fun, the casino is nice, drinks cheap and the poker tables great value. Enjoy your stay...PS i will post a couple of pics of the room and view but i dont think the pics of the room do it much justice.	
Jun 19 2008 	On the strip and affordable	I have to agree with other travelers that this is a great place to stay in Las Vegas. We stayed for only one night between visiting Zion and flying home. The room was large, clean and quiet. We were on the first floor of hotel rooms in the back, and didn’t hear any casino or street noise. Ok, so the view wasn’t great, but we didn’t spend much time in the hotel, and were there for only one night. I’m not sure if other rooms have a better view. The picture on the hotel website looks exactly like the room so I am not bothering to add pictures. As other people have mentioned you can’t reserve a smoking or non-smoking preference when booking. I was a little nervous about this, but in the end we got what we wanted. We ended up getting to the hotel 2 hours before check in (We forgot about the different time zones, and were early on top of that), and they gave us our rooms. The only snafu was that one of the rooms had not been cleaned, but considering we were 2 hours early I can’t hold that against them. We put our stuff in the clean room, and by the time we got back the second room was clean as well. Parking was also not a problem. There is free parking in the parking garage, or you can have free valet service. The staff was very friendly, and helpful. My step daughter accidentaly left her cell phone in the restaurant, and she ended up getting it back with no problems. If I went back to Las Vegas again I would consider this hotel as a first choice since the price was reasonable and the hotel was very nice.Extra: If you like Vietnamese food there is a restaurant off the strip called Pho Thanh Huong Sandwich Restaurant at 1131 E Tropicana Ave # D that is very good. I will try to add a review but if I can’t I thought I would put it here. It’s inexpensive, and the food is very tasty.	
Jun 19 2008	Great place great value	Stayed here for our first 2 nights in Vegas. Overall we really liked the place, and will likely stay here again if we ever find ourselves in Vegas again (which we hope to!).We got a good rate from the website originally, but the rate went down a couple of times, and I was always granted the lower rate when I called the hotel directly and requested it. We didn't find the road side room to be too noisy, but I live in a city so am probably use to a certain level of noise.Pros: Nice clean room, relatively new furnishings and decorating. Good tv with average reception. Liked being able to use the pool at the Flamingo - we found the pool very crowded and a bit too cold for our tastes, but it is a beautiful pool and did enjoy a couple of swims. Loved the fact that our room was easy to access and it didn't take forever to get to the strip. Also loved the easy access to our vehicle, and how easy it was to get our vehicle in and out of the garage. Some of the other strip hotels had parking garages what seemed like miles from the hotels. Great location centre strip. We had a view of the Bellagio fountains but since you couldn't hear the music it wasn't really a big deal. The view of the eiffel tower was nice though. Liked that we could open our bathroom window and not always rely on the air conditioner for air.Cons: We found the people working at reception, and one of the ladies working the gift shop rather unhelpful and seemed very unhappy overall (other staff were fine however). Didn't like the smokiness of the casino, or the way it was decorated (personal preference of course - lots of dark wood etc). Would have preferred an in-room safe rather than using the casino cashier downstairs (who make you leave a $60 deposit in case you lose the key), but the cashiers were pleasant and helpful.	
Jun 18 2008	Wonderful!	LocationThis hotel is in a perfect central location for access to the strip, situated right on the corner next door to the Flamingo Hotel. You are on the doorstep to everything casino and shopping related. It cost us roughly 20 dollars for a taxi to the Greyhound Bus Station which was downtown on Main St.Check InCheck in was very smooth and straightforward, no problems or queues. The reception and hotel access is actually in the casino itself, was a little confusing when we arrived, but once we found the front desk there were no issues at all. There was an elevator which took us to our room on the 4th floor.HotelThis hotel is very impressive. For the price I paid (100 dollars or so per night), this was excellent value for money. The room was very spacious and clean. We had a king bed not suite, but there was certainly a lot of spare space to put a kitchen area in if they wanted to! Bathroom was in great clean condition, we had a bath as well as a shower. Our window faced the Flamingo hotel and the strip itself. At night time you can hear music from the strip, which usually starts around midnight! Not really a nuisance at all, just background noise. Also if you are a light sleeper like me then you will probably hear the external air conditioning outlets from everyone’s rooms. This is not really a disturbance, as it is a fairly steady and low noise; just make sure you have earplugs if you are a light sleeper! My girlfriend had no problems sleeping at all.My only criticism to the hotel is the internet access, they charge $12 dollars for 24 hours internet access, this is the first hotel in the US I have encountered that do this, but for the rate we paid, you can hardly argue! Still free internet access would have been made this hotel ‘perfect’. Another thing that is missing was an onsite pool, but you can use the pool in the Flamingo if you wish. Also worth mentioning there is a huge wall mounted plasma TV in each room, which is great for relaxing in the room and watching some good old Maury or Dr.Phil.I would also recommend the Victorian Room in the casino for dining, it is fairly cheap and the food is of a good quality. The only thing that let it down a few times was the speed of the service. On 1 occasion we had to wait nearly 40 minutes for a drink and nearly 1 hour for our food. But we did have some luck other times and everything was fine.StaffTo be honest we didn’t really have much interaction with many of the staff. The lady who checked us in was very pleasant. The staff in the Victorian Room were all friendly and welcoming.OverallIf you want a great hotel with access to everything that is Las Vegas then stay here! It is without a doubt the cheapest hotel on the strip and is great value for money. I would recommend Bill’s to anyone visiting Las Vegas.	
Jun 16 2008 	Bill's is great value on the Strip	We were in Las Vegas for a weekend wedding. Given Bill's rating on TripAdvisor and its reasonable cost compared to other Strip properties, we booked our stay at Bill's.It was great to walk through the doors on Flamingo Road and be at the check-in counter in about 10 seconds. The elevators were right nearby, and it took us only about a minute or two to get to our 1st-floor (above the ground level) room. We had a room near the southeast end of the hotel, so we were able to see Bally's, the top of the Eiffel Tower at Paris, and a bit of Bellagio out the window.The room was clean. The bed wasn't as comfy as a Heavenly Bed at Westin, but it was okay. The bathroom area was a little small, but it was perfectly fine. The shower head was a little low, but we're not excessively tall, so it wasn't a big deal.There was a nice wall-mounted 42&quot; plasma TV--biggest TV I've had in a hotel room.The hotel is nicely situated on the Strip. And the casino was small enough that even when we walked all the way through the casino to get to the elevators, we never felt tempted to gamble. Sorry, Las Vegas--we didn't spend a penny in any of your casinos.Compared to the loooooong, tortuous walks we took through the Flamingo, Caesar's Palace, and Planet Hollywood, a relatively tiny place like Bill's was great. We loved it, and we'll happily put Bill's on our list of hotels to consider the next time we go to Las Vegas.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great Stay at Bill's!	This is the second time I have stayed at Bill's but my 8th time to Las Vegas. I like Bill's because of its location and ease of getting to and from your room. I liked the large plasma tv in the room. The room was clean and housekeeping made sure our room was cleaned in the morning and ready for our afternoon return. The only issue we had as a slow draining tub in the bathroom. I called the front desk and the problem was fixed before we returned from our adventure of the day. We had a great room rate and location.	
Jun 15 2008 	Could well be a regular place for me	The young man who checked me in did not smile once during our interaction, most probably because I interrupted his day dreaming. But it was okay as the whole check-in process took 5 minutes at most.I had comp rooms at some of Harrah's properties but as I had to check in and go and Cher across the street I cannot risk standing in-line at the bigger hotels.The room I had at Bill's was very nice and quiet as it was towards the end and facing the side of Flamingo.I really like the fact that I can get in and out of the room quickly, especially in the wee hours of the morning when my head is usually not in it's right place.i will definitely give this hotel due consideration on my next visit.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great stay at Bills	We stayed for 6 nights for the first time and would definately stay there again.The location and price were why we chose it and we were not disappointed.It was $501 (£250) for the stay and worth every penny. Right on the strip, we were on the 3rd floor facing Ballys and could see the fountains at the Bellagio across the road. You don't need to walk for what seems like miles to get to the street like a lot of the other strip hotels as it is right on the street.On check in we requested a fridge, coffee maker and extra pillows,which we had when we got to the room. At 11.30pm my husband put the 'make up room' sign instead of the 'do not disturb' one out by mistake and the next thing was a knock on the door from housekeeping to make up our room. What service!Lovely big room,spotless and very comfortable bed.Other reviews mentioned the street noise by night but we didn't find it a problem. We mostly heard police/ambulance sirens which we hear at home anyway as we live near a Police station.We didn't eat at the hotel, my husband prefers buffets and they have restaurants.This is a personal preference and no reflection on the quality of the restaurants.Nice atmosphere in the casino, smaller than a lot but always plenty of people there and plenty of cheering so someones luck was in!	
Jun 13 2008 	Best value for money on the Strip	There’s not an awful lot to add to previous reviews about Bill’s – it really “does what it says on the tin”…!!It’s not the most glitzy, in fact it’s easy to ignore and walk straight passed.It doesn’t have hundreds of rooms, or swanky suites with every mod-con you can imagine.There isn’t a fancy shopping mall, or a reception/foyer area designed by the latest award-winning interior designer.Nor is there a Michelin-starred chef designing the menus for the restaurant.But then they’re charging only 35-60% of the rates of the hotels located within a 5min walk radius who do offer all the above!!! So it really is your choice as to what you want to spend your money on.The rooms in Bill’s are small-ish, clean and comfortable. I was slightly disappointed that our double bed seemed to be 2 singles pushed together underneath double-sized bedding so we had a slight ridge in the middle, but it was still very comfy.The rooms have a certain “old time” charm, with new world additions of air-con (which is needed!! Not the most up-to-date systems, though, so the units can be a bit noisy) and a 42” plasma TV fitted unobtrusively onto the wall at the foot of the bed. Everything worked, and everything they promised would be in the room (shower/hair dryer/toiletries etc. etc.) was there.Check-in was dead quick and easy (tiny desk at the back of the casino) and we got the corner room overlooking the Strip that we’d asked for. There was no safe in our room, but with security staff near the lifts to check room keys before you could go upstairs I wasn’t too concerned about this – we always keep things like money and passports on us anyway.We were on the 4th floor and could hear no noise at night at all, with the exception of a bit of traffic going up/down the Strip. Not bad for getting a good night’s kip in a city that never sleeps!The Victorian Rooms restaurant is not bad value at Vegas prices, but it isn’t the best food on the planet. Lunches/dinners were better than the breakfast, which was perfectly edible but nothing special. The Steakhouse is supposed to be very good but we didn’t get a chance to try it in the 4 nights we were there.Last word about Bill’s - do go to the Lounge and see Big Elvis!! He’s a legend on the Strip, and the best Elvis impersonator I’ve ever heard (and with a sister who’s an Elvis nut, I’ve heard a few!!) – he plays late afternoon, which is a great time to just sit down for half hour (if you can get a seat!) with a cheap beer (we were getting new-style aluminium bottles of Bud for $2.25) and relax.Now for some general info/tips on Vegas itself:We went end of May and it was HOT!! The dryness of the air can come as a bit of a shock to a pale-faced Englishwoman like me – take plenty of sunscreen and moisturiser, as I couldn’t believe how dry and itchy my skin went.We did the Grand Canyon helicopter trip, and I think it’s something everyone should do!! By staying at Bill’s instead of one of the “big boys” you should save enough money to pay for it anyway!! We combined the helicopter trip with a 4x4 Hummer drive back over the Hoover Dam and an off-road desert track part of the way back to Vegas – the helicopter trip was brilliant, the Hummer trip just OK and probably not worth the money.Food and drink prices on the Strip aren’t cheap by American standards, but aren’t extortionate either. Surprisingly the best value, and impressive, breakfast was at the Bellagio – go to the buffet restaurant and, for $16, you get the largest buffet I’ve ever seen!! You certainly won’t need lunch after you’ve stocked up on traditional eggs/bacon/pancakes, fresh fruit, various smoked fish, cereals, breads/pastries, Mexican breakfast burritos, Japanese teriyaki bar etc. etc.!! And, being the Bellagio, the quality of it is top notch.Don’t miss the Bellagio fountains either – one of the few free attractions on the Strip and truly breathtaking!!! Word of warning, don’t put off watching a show (normally every half hour from about midday onwards I think) to leave it nearer the end of your stay, especially if you are only there a few days. Vegas gets quite a bit of the desert winds coming through – nothing major, but anything over about 10mph and they stop the fountains running.The monorail system is very cheap and easy to use – we bought a special 2-day pass for about $13 each. Bally’s is the best stop to use for Bill’s – a 2min walk brings you out of the side entrance of Bally’s where you can use the pedestrian crossing to get over the road and into the side entrance of Bill’s. Using the Flamingo stop seems as if it will be just as close, but you have to walk through the entire casino complex to get out the front!!!The light canopy show in downtown Vegas at the Freemont St Experience is also well worth a visit one evening – don’t go by bus, though, unless you have time to spare!!! Bus tickets are cheap ($2) but stop at EVERY stop up the Strip and the journey took about 50mins. Took a taxi back (cost about $15) and did it in under 15mins…	
Jun 10 2008 	Loved our stay at Bill's Gamblin' Hall	We stayed 5 nights at Bill's. We were on the 3rd floor which is actually one down from the top floor. The 1st 2 floors after the street-level floor are parking. We did hear some noise from the street, but closing the draperies seemed to help a lot. The bed was VERY comfortable and the room very clean and roomy. The location was excellent, we had a view of the eiffel tower AND the fountains at Bellagio. If you don't want to walk thru all the slot machines and tables on your way to your room, one of the doors (the one furthest away from the strip) puts you right at the elevators. A good thing to know, since the place gets really busy at night.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great location Great smaller Hotel Great rooms loved it no hassle	Could you ask for anything more, requested high floor, corner room on the strip, overlooking Bellagio Fountains, just what I got, no hassle, asked for coffee pot, no hassle, nice small casino, friendly, cheap beer, loved the room, the service, and the location, great stuff, great choice...loved it	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Location friendly atmosphere fantastic value for money	Every review on here states how great the location is, and they're right. Its central on the strip, so one day you can wander North in and out of hotels and South the next day. Theres some lively nightlife just past the Flamingo if thats what you like.The rooms are large enough with a comfortable bed and great tv. They are a little dated but you dont go to Vegas to spend the whole time in youre room.The staff were friendly and informative (especially the bellman mike). There's entertainment at the bar in the evenings which sounded ok from what we saw.Ok, its not the Bellagio or the Wynn but after also staying in New York New York during the same trip, and seeing almost all of the other hotels, i'd definitley stay in Bills during my next stay.	
Jun 7 2008 	Loved it!	Loved it here! Can't beat the price and location!	
Jun 6 2008	All This 	Have been a Vegas tourist for years and finally decided to check out Bill's Gamblin Hall while on a 24-hr stop-over. Great value for the location. Rooms are clean and comfortable, staff are friendly and the property can't be beat if you're looking for a place to grab a nap between hitting the action on the strip.The 'Big Elvis' show was a fun surprise.I will absolutely return and recommend to budget-conscious Vegas travelers.	
Jun 3 2008 	Bills is the best	We have just returned from our 9 night stay at Bills. This hotel is the best, the rooms were spotless, the beds were the comfiest ever, the casino was great, you also have the location. We loved every moment of our stay here you could get to your room in minutes not like some of the bigger casinos also there was security at night making sure you had a room key before you could go up. The staff were very helpful and polite. We will definately be going back to Bills	
Jun 2 2008 	Decide on the Tradeoffs	We booked into Bill's Gamblin' Hall &amp; Saloon to scout the property for future stays in Vegas, knowing good and well that it is an older property but with a great location and affordable room rates. You'll need to decide what you most want in accomodatations and amenities - this is not the place to stay if you're looking for chic amenities above and beyond a standard, clean room in a great location! Bill's is reminiscent of the old Vegas - lots of exterior flashing light bulbs, a canopy over the sidewalk with announcements declaring Bill's virtues, and in the interior, lots of red vinyl chairs that reminded me of our living room furniture from the early 1970s. There's a very smokey casino and lounge, so beware that if cigarette and cigar smoke is not to your liking, or of sensitive nature, this is not the place to stay. I smelled smoke throughout the property, including in the hallways to our room. The property has a standard restaurant, with basic, non-fancy eating fare. The rooms are spacious, have views out to the stip (our room faced directly out to the Bally's property and partial view of the Bellagio fountains) and clean. Your room is stocked with basic toiletries, and a nice 42&quot; LG flat screen television. The room rates are affordable, and we felt secure and safe the entire time there (they did room key checks at night before allowing you on the elevator). The location is great - next door to Bally's, across the street from the Bellagio and Caesar's, so we could easily access those proprties without having to walk too far. If you're a guy or a gal with a penchant for old time Vegas, and not much for the Bellagio or Venetian themes (and prices!), then Bill's is a great place to enjoy the basics, and perhaps put on your 1950s attire and take in the fun.	
Jun 2 2008 	It is the best deal location on the Strip!!	There is no better location in Vegas than Bill's. Throw in the room for 1/4th the price of Bellagio and how can you beat it?!! I arrived just after noon. I was the only person @ registration, everything was in order, bing/bang --here's your key. I had a very low rate from a website (i4Vegas), and had made no special requests. My room was on the Flamingo side, overlooking the lush landscaping of Bally's and the magical Dancing Waters. I watched that dumb show 50 times over 5 days. I'd head for the bathroom, peek out and ---- what could I do, watch it again!! I could even watch it in my shower!The room was fine, bed great, TV huge. The bathroom was a tad cramped and I had come from stays @ The Orleans and El Cortez, so I missed my overstuffed sofas a bit, but..... its 10 secs to the elevator (and ice machine), 30 secs to the &quot;up and over&quot; to Ballys / Paris. Amazing! The $.99 Margarittas were icy and pretty strong (I'd put two in a beer cup!!), Big Elvis was in good voice and shuttles to everywhere right outside the door (Gold Coast (read, Palms), Orleans, Sam's and even Suncoast (read, Rampart!!). Its even an easy walk to the wonderfully sleazy Ellis Island and their steak dinner special!!How can you not stay there? $5 tables, fun people &amp; staff, good room, great location. I'm hooked. Harrahs, Please don't screw it up.	
May 28 2008 	Exceptional location on the Strip	Bill's is very centralled located on the Strip. From this hotel, you can walk to all other casinos and attractions on the Strip. The rooms are very big, nicely decorated and clean. You get nice views of the Strip as well. We didn't hear noise from the street as we were not in a room over Flamingo Blvd. Try to make sure you specify if you want to be in a non smoking room. We specified it during the reservation, but ended up in a smoking room with a very unpleasant smoke smell. In general, this hotel is a very good value in Vegas.	
May 27 2008 	I loved the acces to the strip and the room	We arrived on Friday night of Memorial Day weekend. I asked for a room with a king size bed. The woman said the only room available had a tub jets. If we didn't like it, we could switch to a room with a shower the very next day.Our room was on one of the ends of the hotel on the 4th floor. You had to walk through some double doors to get to it. When we walked in, we were kinda intrigued by the big room. I guess it is considered a suite, with a sitting area. The bathroom and tub were huge and made of marble.The room felt like no one had stayed in it for a long time. I say that because the clock hadn't been changed to reflect daylight savings time. The furniture was very old but had character. If you have been to Elvis's home Graceland, then you will have an idea of the character of the room.We tried the tub, and the jets didn't work and the water wouldn't drain. The mattress was very very old and had me worried through the night. (I attached a pic of this room)We decided to move to another room and were were extremely satisfied. The room is done in great taste. The huge t.v. is awesome and the window in the shower was really great to peak out and let walkers on the strip know that I was naked up there.Got to see the Bellagio Fountains while I showered.I am not judging the hotel on the first night's stay because 99.9% of the rooms are not like that, and I actually loved the other room and the price that I was paying for Memorial day weekend.THE CASINO: we played slots and video poker throughout the casino and were are thoroughly convinced that the good paying slots and video poker machines are in the back near the Western Union window. We hit several big winning hands on VP in the back of the casino and the Wheel of Fortune video slots where also paying nicely through out the weekend. The newer machines in the front of the casino were very tight.For those that have been to Vegas before, they know that walking the strip can take it's toll on you, and the walk back to some of the rooms can be a challenge and tiring. It was extremely beneficial to be able to get to your room for bathroom breaks, drinking water, grabbing things out of your room in 1-2 minutes. We &quot;ran up to the room&quot; countless of times during our trip.This is an amazing deal at the best corner on the strip. I will be back for sure	
May 27 2008 	cheesy name great hotel	After a lot of research online, a group of 8 of us booked rooms here and were all very happy. We stayed May 11th-15th, and paid $59 for the first 3 nights and $69 for the last night there. Check-in was very fast and we got the special requests I had made (non-smoking, king-size bed, non-strip side of hotel). Because it is a smaller hotel you are able to jump on the elevator and be to your room in a couple of minutes compared to the 10-15 minute walk with the larger hotel complexes. Bed was very comfortable, shower temp and pressure good, and good size room with nice tv. Room was also very clean. Unfortunately, my husband and I were both sick while we were there so we spent more time in the room than we had planned.All employees we dealt with whether in the restaurants, front desk, or casino were all nice and helpful if needed. We ate at both the Victorian Room and Bills Steakhouse. They were both good but the steakhouse was overpriced.You cannot beat this hotel for its location, right in the center of the strip. There is a monorail stop next door at Flaminogs, and we were able to use the Flamingo's pool.Excellent place to stay for the money! We will definitely return next time!	
May 26 2008 	Best strip hotel	This is the best hotel on the strip. This hotel is old Las Vegas. Real wood and not plastic. Stain glass windows. Nothing fake.You shared the pool with the Flamingo which was a four minute walk from your room. Great pool. The rooms were clean and maids great. Not one complaint. I will not stay in another strip hotel again other than Bill's. This hotel is close to everything on the strip. Location, Location,Location. Check in was quick and simple and our room was ready early. If anyone says something bad about this hotel I wouldn't know why. Also being near the strip there is some noise at night. I kept the blinds and bathroom window open and loved the sounds. This is Vegas. Enjoy it. Before you know it , you'll be home again.	
May 19 2008 	Fabulous location 	We are LV regulars and almost always stay in a suite at Planet Hollywood because my husband is a Starwood member and PH is a Starwood property. But we have also stayed at MGM Grand, Venetian, Bellagio, Treasure Island, New York New York and Mirage. Last time we stayed at Bill's because a group we were part of was staying there. What a surprise!!! This has to be the best value and location on the strip. This hotel uses the Flamingo's pool/spa and the walk to the Flamingo's pool is shorter than the walk to the pool if you stay at Bellagio. The Victorian Room restaurant is very good. The beds are comfortable, the room a good size. Bathroom is not the luxury type we are used to, but adequate. Best of all, a few steps and you are in the middle of the strip. At the big hotels, you have to walk 15 minutes on the resort campus just to get to street level. We will return.	
May 18 2008 	Not a mega-hotel and casino but great for the price and location	On previous Vegas trips, Bill's was always a place we went to gamble from our larger hotels because of the fun atmosphere and cheap drinks. Since this was our 5th time to Vegas, we decided to stay a few days at the hotel itself, and it was a good experience. We arrived a little before check-in time and were able to get our non-smoking room without a problem. The room was a good size and very clean. The bathroom was small, but also very clean. The shower head was a bit low (I am only 5'1&quot;) and it drained slowly, but we were paying low rates for two nights, so any small issues didn't bother us. The beds were comfortable. The only other issue was light coming through the bathroom at night due to a window, so we closed the bathroom door. (Yes, we actually did sleep a bit in Vegas!)We've always enjoyed the casino on previous trips, and you are right next to the monorail and several other big hotels if you care to experience something else. The Flamingo hotel gives you access to the pool there.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at Bill's. We did miss the excitement and grandeur of the bigger hotels, but if you are looking for a short, cheap getaway, Bill's is a great choice.	
May 18 2008 	Great Value	A group of college friends and I spent an extended weekend in Las Vegas. We stayed at Bill's and loved it. As other reviewers have noted, it's not the opulent luxury of Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, Venetian, or Wynn, but it's a hotel staffed by very friendly people who truly want you to have a pleasant experience.We were assigned a two-room suite on the north side of the building. You entered the room in a large sitting area with a wet bar, dining area, and 1/2 bathroom. The adjoining space was a large bedroom with its own full bathroom (with a window in the shower overlooking the pedestrian bridge to Caesar's) and a king bed. Both rooms had old CRT televisions.As many have noted, the location is great. It's convenient to all of the center-strip hotels and provides easy access down Flamingo Road to the Rio and the Palms. There’s no pool at the hotel, but your room card gets you access to the Flamingo’s decent pool. The Flamingo is a short walk out the north entrance to Bill’s.The casino is nothing fancy -- all the standard table games (including poker). It seems the hotel has recently upgraded a number of the slot machines (Ebay, Wizard of Oz, etc.) and a lot of people seemed to be excited about that.Drink service in the casino is swift and the waitresses are open to special drink requests. The bar in the back of the casino serves $1.50 Coors 24 hours per day. Rail drinks and beer are comped at the bars if you're playing the bar poker machines with at least $20. If you're playing a single credit, you're only supposed to get one drink, but that rule was only enforced on a crowded Friday night.Big Elvis is the standard lounge act, and he's not too bad (assuming you've availed yourself of the cheap Coors).Go in with the right expectations and you'll have a great time.	
May 16 2008 	Perfect location small casino large rooms for the price.	Wanted to stay on The Strip prior to a work conference at the lowest rate. Wound up paying $120 for Sat night, which was by far a bargain for the location of the hotel and size of the room.I booked about 3 weeks early, the rate seems to go up $20 per week, maxing out at $199 for Sat nite.Bill's is on the same side of the street at MGM Grand, Harrah's, Imperial Palace, Casino Royale, Bally's, Venetian, and Palazzo.It's is located right at Flamingo &amp; Las Vegas Blvd, and between two Monorail stops -- the closer stop is actually the Harrah's/Imperial Palace station because it's the easiest walk through the hotel.The rooms are deep, but not very wide. The king bed easily fits in the room, and the 42&quot; plasma screen on the wall allows the room to feel bigger since you don't have a massive armoire when you walk in. But the rooms is so deep that there is some funky/wasted space towards the window, but it's a nice place to set your luggage, etc.YES, the bathroom is small, and at an odd angle in the room -- but the room was very clean, the bed was very comfortable, and the hot water was plentiful.If you need a place to flop that's easy to get places from, then Bill's is the place to be. The casino is fairly small and cramped, and it tends to attract a lot of grizzled veteran gamblers that enjoy their cigarettes as much as their slot machines. I spent a total of 20 minutes playing there, and opted for the much nicer, comfortable settings of the mega-properties a short 5-min walk away.From Bill's you can hop the Deuce Bus (Route 301) along the Las Vegas strip. For $5, you get a 24-hr pass to ride it as much as you want. The Deuce runs from the Airport Rental Car center all of the way to Fremont Street -- certainly the best &amp; cheapest way to get from the Strip to Fremont, though it is a bit slow since it makes NUMEROUS stops along the way.If you're lucky, you'll get to witness a drunk idiot escorted off the bus by the LVPD, but other than that, it was packed with tourists and friendly people. And the drunk was removed before he actually got to a seat...So, Bill's is a great place to SLEEP, close to everything, and worth the price. I did not eat on the property, so can't comment on the restaurants or other amenities.	
May 15 2008 	Great Strip Location at a Bargain price	Stayed for 3 nights in room 402, great views over to Bellagio fountains.Choose it after reading the Tripadvisor reviews and was very happyLoved the Friendly Staff, Security on elevators at night, short walk to room,great location on the strip, views from room, the price !!As a base to explore Vegas it was a superb location, easy walk to Ceasars, Paris, Bally's et al.Ate in Aquaknox at the Venetian one night, lovely fish meal and a great waitress serving ,Had a very good lunch at the Stratosphere restaurant Top of the World, even though it was a bit surreal watching people fly past the window waving at you 800 ft up !!Bill's Casino was also cheaper to play than some of the other larger casino minimums.If you are after a pool scene, its obviously not the place but if you want a very decent clean room and want to spend your dollar's shopping and gambling, Bills is a good betThen to top it all, i accidently left a Birthday gift in the draw when checking out, when I rang back to Hotel, they kept it for my friends to pick up later - Fantastic service !!	
May 14 2008 	Terrible experience!	My husband and I booked this hotel based on the reviews posted on TripAdvisor. Boy, did we have a different impression and experience than some of those posted here. While the room had newer art on the walls it wasn't enough to detract from the poor quality of the furnishings, doors, sinks, etc. Items were well worn and rather depressing. Despite this, we settle in only to have a fire alarm go off in our room. We called the front desk and they said it was a problem caused by the local fire department. However, it continued about every 10 minutes for the first hour we were in the room. In addition to the alarm there would periodically be an announcement that the alarm we just heard would be explained. It never was. Finally, my husband called the front desk and said we would be checking out and asked for a refund. Management did refund our money and we went to the Palazzo. For $50 more a night than our room was at Bill's, we got a 600+ square foot suite with impeccable amenities in a first-class establishment. I would strongly recommend against staying at Bill's unless you have no other choice.	
May 12 2008 	Best value on the strip	I came upon this hotel accidentally and what a find! I was traveling with my cousin, both 50 somethings and first time visitors to Vegas. We had decided we didn't want to spend a fortune on a room we'd spend little time in - preferred to put our money into shows, etc. We wanted to be on the strip, preferably not at the end farthest from the airport (Bill's is about 3 1/2 miles from the airport). We wanted clean, safe, and comfortable. Bill's fit the bill perfectly!Our room was spotlessly clean. The flat screen TV was really nice, although we weren't really in the room enough to use it much. We never used room service so I can't comment on that. We ate in the Victorian Room - somewhat pricey, but comparable to others in the area and the food was good.All the money I won (and I did go home a small winner) was won at Bill's.We had a second floor room that overlooked the Flamingo. It was quiet - no disturbances from outdoors. I wondered at booking about noise from their after hours nightclub, but no problems there either.There is a security guard at the elevator and one on the floor. Even though the hotel was nearly full, we never even ran into other guests, much less any &quot;undesirables&quot;. Still, their presence provided a nice sense of security.Bill's doesn't have a pool - not an issue for us on this trip - but guests are invited to use the Flamingo pool.With only a couple hundred rooms, check-in and check-out was a breeze. We visited all the hotels - one more beautiful than the next, but at certain times, their registration desks were backed up forever. And the sheer size of the big boys made it clear that getting to and from our room every day would have taken forever, first winding our way thru the casino and then waiting for the elevator.Bill's features an Elvis impersonator called &quot;Big Elvis&quot;. He is big, but more impressive is his true-to-Elvis voice. We really enjoyed his show.If you're looking for an exclusive, glamorous, feeling like you're living in the lap of luxury hotel, skip Bill's. If you want to stay at a hotel that provides you with a comfortable, clean, quiet room in the best location on the strip, for a bargain price, Bill's is for you.	
May 3 2008 	Great hotel and location!	The hotel is located in the center of the strip across from Caesars Palace. The perfect location for browsing the strip in either direction! Bill's is a smaller hotel and casino which makes check-in,check-out and getting to your room a lot faster than larger hotels We liked that security at night checked your room key before boarding the elevators.Our room was on the fourth floor with a view of the Flamingo. It had a large flat screen tv and very comfortable beds. The shower area had a stained glass window that opened. We did not hear any noise from outside. It was an excellent value for the location and quality of room! The hotel staff we encountered were very friendly.We ate at the Victorian Room restaurant for breakfast and the food was very good and the service was quick.We would absolutely stay at Bill's again!	
Apr 24 2008 	Bill's is the Best Bargain on The Strip	We just got back from our yearly one week stay at Bill's. This is the first time we've stayed there since the ownership change, but it remains the outstanding value it has always been. We used to stay at Paris, but 5 years ago we thought we'd give the Barbary Coast (now Bill's) a shot. It was a great move. If you are looking for high-end amenities, this is not the place for you (although you can now use the Flamingo's facilities by showing a room card). If you're looking for friendly staff, and an intimate venue you can't do any better. Our suite was a bit threadbare, but it was clean, comfortable, and insanely large. We usually stay in one of the King rooms which face Bally's, but Bill's gave us an unexpected upgrade. This hotel really rewards frequent visitors with offers that are hard to refuse. Definitely sign up for their players card if you visit. We would not consider staying anywhere else as long as Bill's exists.	
Apr 23 2008 	Bills is the best!	When planning our stay in Las Vegas we consulted various websites and reviews. Most of them indicated that staying at this Casino/Hotel was a positive due to its location on the strip and the quality vs. value for money criteria. I am afraid that we are going to be another couple of travellers that will yet again sing the praises of Bills Gamblin Hall &amp; Saloon. We arrived in the early hours of the morning due to the flight being delayed. We found the check in process to be straight forward and within a few minutes we were up in our spacious and well appointed room. The room itself is decked out with the consistent theme of Bills that being its old world charm, old world décor and its old world values.Some of the benefits of staying here is firstly the location. Situated on the intersection where the colossal hotels, such as Bellagio, Caesars Palace and Paris collide, Bills is diminutive in comparison to these mega-casinos. However, when you stay at Bills you can be in the front door and up in your room in less than five minutes!The main gaming room is enough to satisfy all your Vegas needs. Again much smaller that the Casino giants but we found ourselves coming back to Bills to gamble because it was a lot less crowded, the dealers friendlier and we were winning – most of the time!A must see while staying at Bills or in Vegas for that matter is Bills permanent lounge show – Big Elvis. Big Elvis sings several times from 5pm onwards and the 45min – 1 hour free show is excellent. If you closed you eyes you could swear that Elvis was in the building. Big Elvis involves the intimate crowd into his show by both getting audience requests and my wife’s participation to shake her maracas with Big Elvis to a brilliant rendition of Burning Love. The show should not be missed even if you are not a fan of Elvis.We loved our stay at Bills and even though not too many people know of this hotel as when we tell them where we stayed they all say “where – never heard of it – is that off the strip?” I am glad that people like to stay at the larger hotels and enjoy spending an hour a day walking back to their rooms as this keeps Bills our little secret.	
