Oct 20 2009 	Comfortable clean rooms very reasonable prices helpful staff!	We moved to this La Quinta after a very bad experience at the Riviera Hotel/Casino. The La Quinta was quiet, very comfortable, large room and bathroom. We had a king bed (but not a quite) with a large whirlpool tub. Others in our party had a double-queen room which also had a large whirlpool tub, but I don't know if that is the standard tub in all rooms. The check-in staff was very personable, even though there was a sudden onslaught of check-ins all at one time, with the arrival of the airport shuttle. The airport shuttle is free, leaving every hour; very efficient, taking us right to our airline location at the terminal. The hotel is located two blocks off the Strip, but their shuttle will also take you to several locations on the Strip. We had a great experience and will return here the next time we return to Vegas! It's a great value!	
Jul 30 2009 	Horrible experience!!	No towels in room...They offer a free 24 hour shuttle to the strip. The worst thunderstorm hit Las Vegas that night and at 12:30 am we called to get a ride back to our hotel. The front desk informed us that the night shift person called in sick for rides and that we had to find our own way back. We walked around and around in the pouring rain with our kids trying to find a taxi cab back. So after wandering around forever we begged a taxi driver to take us back. The front desk was not concerned at all and said we will give you $8.00 for the cab, when it cost us $11.00. We will never stay there again!!	
Jul 29 2009 	Needs customer service and maintenece	promised noon check in. Unable to check in until after 2pm. After check in we went ot rooms and found beds made but bathrooms unattended. called front desk and they sent supervisor up to rooms. Maid failed to clean bathroom remove used towels, clean jacuzzi tub, toilet paper and tissues were not renewed. 1 towel,1 hand towel. For 2 people.Goilet over flowed the tank, not the bowl, the tank. I repaired, as room would have been flooded by the time someone got there.Outlets were hit and miss. Some worked some did not.Microwave worked intermittently. Grounds were clean.Pet friendly but the dogs down the hall kept yapping all night	
Jul 13 2009 	I needed a pet friendly room in Las Vegas and found it!	This La Quinta was a very well kept property, and best for us towards the end of a long road trip with our dog, pet friendly. The room was very clean and looked to be recently renovated with very nice bed/bedding, framed artwork, nice wood flooring in the bath/entryway, it was like an oasis in the middle of 100 degree plus temperatures outside! They had two large pet areas with plenty of dog bags (tho why do some pet owners choose NOT to use the bags?! Hello...) We called PF Changs for Chinese take out which was very close by. A good night's rest here, very quiet.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Rooms at a Great Price	I ventured to Vegas with my mom, her husband, and my 13 yr old son. The room was very clean, beds were comfy and the sheets were welcoming. We had a room with a view of the pool -- it was beautiful at night. The bathroom had a jacuzzi tub and it worked great! Although they allow dogs, I never heard one and it was a sold out weekend when I was staying there. The staff was pleasant and I was very happy about the price for my stay in Vegas. It isn't on the strip, but it's only a couple blocks away (quick taxi ride -- or they have a van service I didn't use). Usually when you're in Vegas, you aren't there to hang out in your room. This place is great! The pool was clean, the location is great and for a lot less than you'd spend on the strip. Well worth it. I'll be back!	
Jul 1 2009 	Pet friendly great price!	My husband, our dog and I spent 1 night in Las Vegas on our way to Reno. We had our dog with us, too. I had done an extensive research on pet friendly hotels in Vegas. Alas, there is no hotel on the Strip apart from the Four Seasons that accepts dogs, but they charge an arm and a leg and I needed just a simple, clean place to stay for one night. I chose the La Quinta Airport because of the good reviews on TA and yes, it's more like a motel, but it was surpassed my expectations. Upon arrival the staff greeted us cordially, they gave us a quiet room near the pool, on the ground floor so we could walk the dog at leisure, the room had double/double beds and was pretty spacious. The bathroom was also nice and large. The location of the hotel is not bad either because it's a couple of blocks from the Strip and they have a regular shuttle van that takes the hotel guests up to the Bally's hotel. On the way back we were told to call the hotel and they would have sent the van to the Bally's but when we called they told us that the van service was not operating and that they were not able to pick us up. We needed to get a cab but they reimbursed us for the cab fare, so it was very fair on their side to do so.Bottom line, the hotel has no frills, but it's a basic, well located, clean hotel that accepts pets without imposing heftly pet/cleaning fees at all, so it will be my reference point in Vegas in case I go there with my dog.	
Jun 2 2009 	Super friendly staff	My wife and I spent a few days in Vegas and were glad to stay off the strip. The strip hotels were crowded, noisy and terribly smokie. La Quinta was a 5 min. drive from the strip and far enough away to be an oasis from chaos. The hotel shuttle was a nice surprise to and from the strip and airport. The staff was so friendly, especially Virginia at the front desk. She went out of her way to make us feel welcome and at home. We rented a car and drove to the Grand Canyon for 2 days and she made sure we would have the same room when we returned.The only negatives were, the elevator was slow, the hallways were stuffy without enough a/c. and they were always messy. There was always papers and junk on the floors in the hallways. We plan to return to Vegas and stay at La Quinta again. Thanks for helping make our 25th anniversary so special.	
May 13 2009 	Well its a Motel!	I was looking for my road trip for a motel style place to stay for one night. The rates in Vegas seems to be quiet high during the weekend so I opted for my very short layover for this value place as parking is free of charge. Check in was a swift and they asked if we do have pets with us- I was a little surprised, but they explained that they are a pet friendly Hotel. They got me a room far from the pet owners but with parking right in front of the building. Room was on second floor facing the pool area. Design is not my cup of tea but seems to be standard chain hotel stuff. There was a strange smell in the air of cleaning stuff. The best thing is the free of charge Wifi internet access! There is even free breakfast service- but do not expect much as quality is not the main focus but I grabbed an apple at least. Well- not bad for the price paid and it would be not fair to expect high class hotel service. It’s a solid option if you are seeking a place for one night, but indeed nothing to talk about.	
Apr 12 2009 	OK but better places to stay	We stayed here for one night after flying into Vegas and before leaving for a road trip. Wanted to be off-strip but would have been better staying on the strip as we paid a lot less for a better room on the strip at the end of our stay. The room was clean but the beds were uncomfortable and the towels old. Would recommend looking around for a better deal elsewhere.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great find! Pet friendly - will definitely stay again!	My husband and I along with our bulldog stayed at the La Quinta Inn on Paradise Rd. for one night. We were in town to do a helicopter tour of the Grand Canyon. This hotel was perfect for our needs. We only wanted to stay 1 night in Vegas, off the strip and be able to have our dog stay with us without paying an addtional fee. We got all of that at the La Quinta. The front desk staff is friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. We needed a late check-out and they were more than flexible. They gave us a room close to the exit so that it was easy to take our dog out. At night, there was a security guard walking the grounds which made us feel safe. The rooms are big and spacious, the bathrooms are clean, and the beds are comfortable. You can hear when people are walking in the corridors but we just turned up the heat/AC to drown out the slight noise.	
Mar 17 2009 	nice stay	I stayed at the La Quinta Inn Las Vegas Airport on March 15. I was very impressed with the room. It was very clean, the beds are nice and comfortable and they had plenty of pillows for you to use. In the room the fridge and microwave is in a nice wooden cabinet.The hotel is easy to find and in a good area, considering it's not on the strip. But, there are things to do in the area and plenty of restaurants and places to go shopping. I felt comfortable walking at night by myself.The only thing I didn't like was the parking. But, they have security checking the grounds at night. I didn't have breakfast so I can't say how it was.	
Jan 4 2009 	Guest services staff very accomodating. Pet friendly.	Hotel was three long blocks off the strip, and we only stayed here because it is pet friendly and none of the major Vegas hotels accomodate pets at anything close to a reasonable price. Our first room had a minor problem with ants. We called the desk and they quickly sent a very friendly and apologetic miantenance worker to eradicate the pesky critters, but he suggested we move to another room to be on the safe side. That was OK with us and we felt more than satisfied with his friendliness and prompt response. Still, the front desk immediatley called to lower our rate, then called back later to lower it a second time due to our inconvenience. They, too, couldn't have been more apologetic and seemed genuinely concerned that we be satisfied with our stay. The hotel was perfectly acceptable and reasonably priced (even before the two in-house rate reductions) but clearly nothing exciting, fancy, or Vegas-like. Nice complimentary continental breakfast though. If I'm ever back in Vegas with the puppy, I'd definitely stay there again.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great value in Las Vegas	Very nice hotel for the money. I was looking for a nice clear room as good price not a resort hotel. If that is what you are looking for then this is an excellent choice. Staff was friendly. Room clean. Property is well maintained. The price was very reasonable versus any of the strip hotels. Only a couple blocks from the middle of the strip.	
Nov 23 2008 	You can do much better somewhere else	We spent a long weekend in Las Vegas in October to participate in a wedding.We used La Quinta points my boyfriend earned during the course of his business travel. Our stay would have been free, but we chose to spend an extra $20 per night in order to upgrade to a suite. The property itself is pretty standard La Quinta fare - clean, basic and no frills. We planned to spend three nights, but for a couple of reasons, left after one. First, the suite was really tiny and cramped. We also realized that it would be a lot more fun being on the strip in a place that had 24 hour activity and was in walking distance to the places we were interested in seeing. The deal clincher, however was the bed, which was rock hard and extremely uncomfortable. We woke from our one night at La Quinta sore and feeling bruised. We got a great deal at the Luxor through Hotels.com - $89 night, which is significantly less than the La Quinta rate. While we do usually appreciate La Quinta and its no-nonsense approach, we definitely won't stay at this particular property again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Very nice rooms	Nice furnishings, quality bedding, quiet. Comes equipped with microwave/frig, desk with phone and internet connection. Bathroom is large and very clean. Atrractive exterior, friendly staff, ten minutes from the airport--great for those early flights.Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 18 2008 	A dump!	We booked three rooms for a business trip. Booked on travelocity because we could not find any rooms thru Marriot. The site said &quot;al new rooms&quot;. Forget it! This place is a dump and if you book thru travelocity they are not interested in helping in any way. Would not stay here again for free!	
May 17 2008 	Good stay at La Quinta Las Vegas Airport	We stayed here at the beginning and end of a tour of the canyons with family. It is a good stay for the price. The interior is nice, bathrooms are somewhat older (towels are quite old), but the nice free breakfast makes up for it. Breakfast included waffles, sausages, hard boiled eggs, banana and apple, yogurt, cereals and oatmeal, juices, and bagels, bread and danishes. Bagels and danishes were individually wrapped so we were able to grab breakfast to go when we headed for the airport. The property had ample parking and was a very easy drive to the airport and the Strip. It is across the street from Terrible's Casino's Bougainvillea Cafe where we ate dinner a couple of times. To tour the Strip, we drove about 3 blocks to Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon and parked there for free so everything was quite convenient. We never leave valuables in hotel rooms so theft was not a problem. This property should appeal to the budget-conscious traveler. We would stay here again.	
Dec 27 2007 	Surprised - It was OK.	We used our La Quinta points to stay 1 night at this hotel. We were pleasantly surprised. Based on the pictures on La Quinta's web site, other reviews, and it being near the airport, we were afraid that it was going to be a dump. It wasn't. It isn't the nicest La Quinta we've stayed at but it sure wasn't the worst. Certainly acceptable. They had a nice variety at breakfast. It's not walking distance to the strip but they have a shuttle bus that will take you over there.	
Feb 21 2007	la okaya!	Stayed at the la quinta for 1night previous to canyon tour and two nights after trip in sept '06.Staff were pleasant enough but the odd smile would help.The rooms were basic but clean if not a bit hard to find.(they give you a map at reception when you check in!)It had all a traveller stopping off for 1 night would require a laundry ,vending machine,internet at reception which loves taking money,and a very nice pool to relax by before a night on the town.The other thing to remember is if you have an early flight the guy that drives the free shuttle may not be available in the morning so check at reception.(we had to order a taxi)On the positive-its close to the strip and the airport plus reasonably priced.But the 1 good thing going for it my friend and I thought was the Gordon Biersch bar across the road where the food was substantial and the beer selection awesome,not to mention the hard working girls that worked there who were so friendly.(totally awesome).What more could a couple of tourists need?I would stay there again especially if you are on a budget.	
Feb 9 2007 	Okay if you appeciate your belongings being STOLEN!!!	130 of us have just stayed here on business, we were there for 3 weeks, and during this period the following belongings were taken:$500.00$250.00$200.00IPODExpensive Digital CameraEngagement ringWhole set of JewellreyThis is all i can remember off the top of my head, im sure there were more incidents!The management couldn't really care less about the stolen items, you fill out an incident sheet and then it's all forgotten about.In the end we had to tell the management to NOT let the maids clean our rooms for the sakes of all our belongings!!!The reception staff were willing to do their jobs, however, a smile wouldn't go a miss. The area the hotel is situated is not the nicest part of town.2 nights prior to leaving, one of our guys was mugged by two blokes at gun point!! On a better noteThe pool, gymnasium and spa are great.The shuttle bus is a great idea.To summarise: if you have stay here, get a safe from behind reception. However, i'd try everywhere else before staying here again.	
Jan 4 2007 	My stay January 2007	Thanks to Candlewood suites and the bad experience I received there, I'm here at La Quinta Inn. If you're looking for a plain Jane place with no frills and great breakfast. This is it. My wireless connection is a bit of a pain but everything otherwise is good. The breakfast is better than average, as is some of the noise, but it's not a bad place to stay. If you're overworked and just need a simple place to crash, come here. Have a great day!	
Dec 24 2006 	Found true love on the shuttle bus!	The hotel was excellent, the staff friendly and accomodating. In fact, the shuttle bus driver was so wonderful I married him a week later! As far as I'm concerned, it's the best hotel in Vegas! :)	
Oct 8 2006	Okay if you're passing through	Spent two nights here at the start and end of a trip around the canyons. Rooms were of a reasonable stand and the free shuttle to the airport and strip was useful. Breakfast was dull - everything was wrapped in plastic, it didn't seem very healthy and there was a lot of waste. If you just book a room then there's a Starbucks over the road. It was nice to have a pool and there were a few local shops. If you can afford to stay on the strip then do it.	
Apr 19 2006 	Who’s that sleeping in our bed? And what’s that smell?	Let's see, where to begin with the problems? First, the hotel lost our reservation and we had to wait over an hour for a room to become available. The people behind the desk were courteous, but not very helpful. Next, the entire hallway going towards our room smelled very, very strongly of marijuana. I expected the DEA to bust in at any moment and raid the place. I also prayed the smell wouldn't stick to my suit. Finally, and this is the best part, we walk into our room, and there, sprawled out on the bed watching television, is one of the hotel workers. I assumed it must have been a landscaper taking an afternoon siesta, based on his sweaty appearance and dirty attire.We immediately went to check out, however the front desk did not respond so courteously this time. They didn't charge us, but at first they didn't even believe us. Also, we couldn't get a cab for 45 minutes, even after calling four different places. The hotel would only call one place for us. Our advice: either spend a little extra for a better hotel or risk ruining your entire trip, be it business or pleasure.	
Feb 1 2006	okay but won't stay again	Took cab from airport as we were told there was no shuttle..there is a shuttle. Check in was quick as we are LaQuinta &quot;rewards&quot; members having signed up as we have always enjoyed our stays at their hotels. This hotel was an exception. We were placed FAR from the main entrance in a room that was nice, clean and comfortable. No problems there. It was after midnight when we arrived and we were starving so we walked a short distance to Terrible's for a $1.99 Breakfast which was quite good. Our disappointment started the next morning. Complimentary breakfast (cereal, bagels, toast, juice, yogurt) was being closed up when we got there at 9:30. Sign said they were open until 10 that day. So we got what was left over. Coffee was downright terrible couldn't drink it. At check out we asked if the shuttle could take us to the Strip. Actually my husband asked to go to the Bellagio. Not so friendly front desk resounded NO. When we asked if he would call us a cab he looked at me as if I were an Edsel then picked up the phone to call. We went outside to wait and then the shuttle driver came and asked us if we were waiting for him. We asked if he would give us a ride to the Bellagio and he said sorry he could only take us to Harrah's. At this point the rude front desk person came out hopped into the shuttle and off they went. After waiting 20 minutes for the cab we went back to the front desk (new person manning it) and asked about the cab. He said it could take 5 minutes or one hour and we would just have to wait. I must stress that you cannot just go out on the street to flag a cab, they do not allow this. You must be picked up at a hotel or restaurant. So we wait until our hour was up and went in to ask desk to call again which he did and he was told cab would be there soon. At this point my husband was livid. We have NEVER waited more than 5 minutes in Vegas for a cab. We asked him to call another company and were told that was the one they used. So hubby goes to the sidewalk out front and flags down a cab who we thought was ours. It wasn't but the cabby took us anyway and explained that no way does a cab take that long at least not his company. God knows when our cab arrived if ever. We feel that the front desk could have accommodated us by calling another company as we had asked. This is one of the shabbier looking LaQuinta's we have stayed in but as stated above the room was fine, the price was ok not spectacular. Would not stay here again as it is out of the way of the strip and no transport to get there.	
Jan 10 2006	quiet and peaceful and convenient!	We stayed at the La Quinta on the last night of a 10 day tour of AZ and UT national parks. After the natural beauty of the Grand Canyon and Zion we just weren't up for the craziness of the strip, and so instead opted for this place, and were extremely glad we did. It was perfect, quiet, clean and with great staff. We arrived just as their computer network had crashed for the fourth time that day, and were told that they couldn't check us in because they had no way of finding anyones reservations. I'd lost the reservation paperwork from the online booking I'd made so I couldn't even prove we were staying there. However my husband, who suffers from insomnia, was desperate to get some sleep, having had a bad night before we arrived, I explained the situation and they very kindly gave us two king sized rooms, when we'd only booked queens. The rooms were great, came with whirlpool jacuzzis and the beds were very comfy. My husband finally got some sleep, and everyone was happy. The shuttle to and from the strip worked out great, we had no wait to get there, and on the way back they picked us up within 15 minutes. We'd stay here again without question.	
Jan 4 2006	Disappointed to say the least	My husband and I met two friends here for the New Year's Holiday. We had planned this trip together for several months, to include booking this hotel well in advance. A few days prior to our reservation, I called the front desk to seeif it would be possible to arrange that our friends be able to check in on their arrival from their flight from D.C. (we were driving from California and wouldn't be able to arrive until much later). When I called, I was told this would not be possible as they would need to verify credit card info and id, even if the room was paid for in full prior to our arrival, and to be sincere, the courtesy on the other end of the line was very minimal; I felt as though I had interrupted them and did them a diservice simply by asking. I was not surprised that this could not be arranged, but I was completely surprised that when we finally did arrive and I did check in at the front desk, I was not asked for a single form of identification, no credit card, nothing. I was simply given a room key and thanked for our choosing to stay with them. Therefore, my friends absolutely could have checked into the room instead of waiting in the lobby for our arrival via car and through the unforseen new year's traffic. The hotel was very clean and in nice condition, and if you are up for it, not a bad walk to the strip, which is what we had to do in order to get to the strip on New Years because they close it down to traffic early in the evening. That in itself was no big deal, however, the shuttle was very advertised as 24 hours, convenient, etc., but this couldn't be further from the truth. In order to use the shuttle, which ran on no organized, consistent schedule, you had to notify the front desk who then contacted the shuttle driver via nextel walkie cell phones, and then you waited 10-15 minutes at the hotel to get on the shuttle. In addition to this, our friends called the hotel to inquire about an airport shuttle at which time they were told there was no airport shuttle, when indeed there actually are two shuttles, and one specifically for the airport! On New Year's Eve day, my girlfriend and I were shopping on the strip and carefully planned to return via the shuttle in time to get ready for the evening and be sure to return before the shuttle ended for the evening in preperation for the festivities. The driver and hotel well advertised the fact that the shuttle would stop running at 5pm that evening. What they DID NOT include was that at 2pm-something, a shift change would occur. We called the hotel from the strip at 2:28pm to request the shuttle and were told in the same less-than-courteous manner that we should call back AFTER 3pm to re-request a shuttle because they were in the middle of a shift change. No apology was given; and the fact that we would have to recall the hotel and then again wait for the shuttle, it would have definitely been an hour before we would be back at the hotel, a mere 5 minute drive. We instead had to take a taxi. No big deal. We were happy to be in good company. However, the next day, New Year's Day, we spent the day on the strip and requested a shuttle at approximately 4:40pm and were quoted a half hour wait. We had a dinner reservation we were planning around, so when 45 mins passed, we called again, at which time we were told that the shuttle had been waiting at the airport. There were supposed to be 2 shuttle running, but they were only using one. When the driver did arrive, he offered no apology and commenced driving in such an erratic manner that those of us in the van were actually bracing on turns and accelerations - and I promise this is not an exaggeration. The next day, our key stopped working, which we didn't find out until our walk to the breakfast room, and we couldn't open the door to the main part of the hotel. I walked to the front desk, again greeted in a less than friendly manner, at which time I was challeneged for an ID, which was locked in my room...we finally got the key reset, but when we returned from breakfast it didn't work again. I returned to the desk a second time to settle it. So I suppose in short, the rooms were nice, and the price is good, but the staff was difficult and the shuttle presented a lot of problems.I don't expect I would stay here again. There were plenty of choices in the very same area which I'm sure would be happy to have our business.	
Oct 31 2005	served purpose	A very nice budget hotel. The staff was extremely courteous and friendly. Our room was clean. We used this hotel for 1 night to get close to the airport for our early AM flight.	
Oct 20 2005	Great place to start...	Stayed here at the start of a three week tour of the south west and was not disappointed. The room was clean and big enough (and included a jacuzzi tub and small kitchennette), the staff were friendly and helpful and the free breakfast buffet was very good with a good and plentiful selection of cereals, a waffle maker, sausages, etc.Definitely a good place to stay for a stopover but for a longer stay in Vegas I would probably stay closer to the strip.	
Oct 16 2005	Wonderful Make a point to stay here	We stayed at this motel as the final night of a 12- day vacation. Had flown to Las Vegas and then driven 2000 miles seeing the west. Great location, good free breakfast, very nice employees. Plenty of free parking. Close to everything, but not in the middle of the craziness. Everyone could use a break like this one. The room was very clean and so nice. Free internet access and quiet for a good nights sleep before leaving town. The laundry was around the corner on our floor, we had a small kitchenette and within walking distance to everything anyone could need or want. Drove straight to our rental car return and on to the airport the next morning. Very convenient	
Sep 22 2005	Clean and Good Service!	Our check-in was quick and friendly. The clean room was on the small side but adequate for 2 people. The bathroom had a jacuzzi type tub which was nice.The 24-hour 'free' shuttle to the strip was a great amenity.Overall, I'd stay here again.	
Sep 18 2005	Very nice.	Very nice non-gaming hotel off the strip. Beautiful pool courtyard. Excellent continental breakfast. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 15 2005	Just super	Everything was superior - location (off the strip, but still close), rooms (large, clean and comfortable, jacuzzi tubs, high speed internet), property (great pool, gardens, parking), breakfast (available until 10, good variety, well stocked), staff (friendly, helpful) and all at a great price.	
Jul 11 2005	Very nice hotel	We arrived for a 3-day stay (prior to a Grand Canyon trip) in June '05. To our surprise, our room had no fridge-micro, even though I was quoted for a room that did. The hotel staff upgraded us (free) to a suite which was great. The room had a balcony (beautiful) and central AC (not just a window air conditioner), which was nice as the entire suite was cooled the same temp. The pool was very nice as was the exercise room. The breakfast bar was one of finest I have ever encountered. With the usual fare of bagels, muffins, toast and ceral, they added home-made waffles and sausage, yogurt, eggs and pastry. Awesome!The only &quot;complaints&quot; I have about this hotel is the parking, which is not centrally located near the rooms (you have to park in the back for most rooms) and the snack-bar (by the pool) attendant, who was rude and not at all helpful.Otherwise, this is an excellent hotel which I would certainly recommend.	
Jun 7 2005	Pleasant stay in Vegas	My wife and I chose this hotel primarily on the price - it was much lower in cost than the large Strip resorts, and still had plenty of amenities. It didn't have a lot of frills, but the ones it did have were fine considering how inexpensive it was.Check-in was easy and our room was tidy and pleasant. Nothing special, but clean, comfortable and more than adequate for our needs. One nice thing was that our room had a large jaccuzi-style bathtub, complete with bubble jets - a nice treat (I think they have a lot of rooms with this feature). There is also a clean, good sized pool which we used, and a gym which we did not use. The pool was not too crowded on a hot Saturday afternoon, and was a very nice way to cool off. I have stayed in other hotels in Vegas that are so large that it is impossible to get a seat anywhere in the pool area. Not so here.Our rate included a self-serve breakfast that featured yogurt, coffee and juice, sausages and delicious pour-your-own-batter Belgian waffles. Again, very nice considering the room rate. The hotel is off the Strip, about a mile east...but getting to and from the Strip is no problem because the hotel offers a free shuttle service to and from Harrah's that runs 24 hours a day. At least that's the theory. The one gripe I had about the hotel was the reliability of this service. When I called the front desk to ask about how this service worked, I was told I needed to call a special phone number to request the shuttle. I did so...and got the exact same person who I had just talked to at the front desk, who was now happy to give me the information that he didn't give me just two minutes earlier. Anyway, we took the shuttle to Harrah's, and were told that anytime we wanted to be picked up, we just had to call that same number. After a long night on the strip, we tried calling several times at 4am...to no avail. This was irritating as we were counting on that as a ride home. We decided to hoof it back to the hotel, a trip that took nearly thirty minutes for our tired bodies to make. Overall it was a perfectly fine place to stay, and I would definitely recommend it if you're on a budget. I'd like to see them address the reliability of the shuttle service, however.	
May 23 2005	Restful Start to Holiday	We found La Quinta an excellent restful start to our tour round the State Parks of SouthWest USA. Enjoyed a good nights rest after a long flight. Curiously, although its called an 'Airport Hotel', and has free shuttle, its not far from the strip which is walkable (as long as its not too hot) or get the local bus (when they turn up). Its actually next door to Candlewood Suites which we also stayed in.As we toured Zion, Bryce, Torrey(Capital Reef), Moab(Arches), Cortez(Mesa's), Grand Canyon, Death valley and Las Vegas, we generally found Holiday Inn Express and La Quinta to be the best value and most enjoyable hotels to stay in.	
May 19 2005	Good clean hotel close to the strip - Good deal	A small group of friends any myself went to Vegas for my bachelor party. We were looking for a small, cheap hotel that was close enough to the strip to permit ease of travel, but far enough away that we didn't have to pay strip prices.The hotel succeeded in all the ways we expected. The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly (and helpful), and the morning breakfast was surprisingly good. The hotel was well controled and quiet. The only issue we ran into was the staff looking up our reservations, but that was more the fault of the booking agent we used than the hotel. A few brief points:1. We had three people to a room, so we needed an extra cot for each room to give the third person a place to sleep. Since we didn't call ahead and explain that we needed two extra cots, one poor soul (not me) had to sleep on the floor. The moral is: If need a cot, call ahead to reserve it.2. There is a very well-kept pool and hottub behind the hotel - use them. After a day of walking through endless casinos, the sensation you get when dipping your bloated, blister-covered feet into a cool pool can only be discribed as a religious experience.3. Wake up in time for the breakfast, even if you're hung-over. The breakfast has good varieties of juices, coffee, fresh waffles, boiled eggs, and sausage. For the budget-savvy, this shold be considered for it's price potential: It's one more meal you don't have to pay for or travel anywhere to eat. You can always go back to your room and sleep after you eat, if you need to...4. There is a free shuttle the hotel provides to take you (and your group) to and from the hotel to the strip, and/or the airport. All you have to do to get back from the strip is call them on a cell phone and tell them where to meet you. It's a like a free taxi service. We tipped the drivers well and they were VERY responsive.	
Dec 28 2004	good deal away from the strip!	Good deal for $59 a night (hotwire)...We were able to check in by 11:00am....complimentary breakfast was average but it is still free so I'll take it anytime. Room was clean and nice....if you want a quiet sleep after a long day of strolling and gambling by the strip then this is the place for you. Will surely come back.	
Nov 14 2004	Very Pleasant Stay	I stayed at this LaQuinta in late October 2004. I booked it based on the reviews here and was in no way disappointed. If you don't need to be on the Strip this was a great place, both as to accomodation and value. It looked like updating of the rooms had happened recently. Mine was quite adequate in size and fresh and clean. If there were neighbors on either side, I never heard them. So I was quite impressed by how quiet things were. If you need to be at the Convention Center and don't mind a walk of a little over a mile the hotel is conveniently located! Also, if you can be flexible or plan ahead they have a free shuttle that can take you to the Convention Center or limited stops on the Strip. Beware the cost of taxis... it was $7.00 to go from the Hilton next to the Convention Center back to the hotel. Finally, the free breakfast, while nothing special, was a bonus. Overall, I would be happy to stay here again.	
Apr 20 2004	A Thumbs Up for this La Quinta	We were pleasantly surprised by this La Quinta. It is off the strip but offers a frequent shuttle to and from the strip. The hotel is quiet, clean and well-maintained with large rooms, comfortable beds, a room whirlpool tub (for 2). a large heated pool and hot tub, nice fitness room, and a good poolside snack bar. There is a complimentary breakfast every morning offering cereals, belgian waffles, bagels, danish, toast, yogurt, fresh fruit, juices, and coffee. This hotel was a good value for its class and overall a very comfortable place to stay.	
Dec 22 2003	Great room	For $78 on a Saturday night, I wasn't sure what to expect. However, I plan on staying here again next time I visit Vegas, even though it isn't located on the strip. The room was lovely, very clean with a fridge, wardrobe, jacuzzi tub, coffee maker. (Starbucks right across the street though lol) Great value overall.	
Oct 4 2003	Nice	Staff was very nice, helpful and courteous. Hotel shuttle was very useful.Nice and clean room and modern. Not noisy. Good complimentary breakfast.Hotel shuttle driver was very accommodating. Drove us to an undesignated location. Made a special effort to come back and shuttle us.Good rate of about $40+ (if you can get it).About a mile away from the strip.	
Sep 21 2003	Nice place to stay	Quite surprised by the hotel. The staff was courteous and helpful and the rooms were nice. The shuttle to the airport and the Strip was good as well, although the waiting time can be pretty long during peak hours. I would definately stay here again.	
