Oct 26 2009 	2010 Deposit Returned - Operations Suspended	Have received a letter from the motel returning my deposit for April 2010 and saying it has suspended operations due to the economic downturn and lack of business. The Somerset House was a little shabby but it was clean, the staff was helpful and with Convention business to do I found it much more convenient and relaxing than the bigger hotels. I've been staying here annually for five years or more. I do hope it re-opens when the economy improves.	
Aug 27 2008 	Cheap is not always a good deal	Not only was the Somerset room dirty, there was a cockroach in the tub when we arrived. The carpet had stains and the kitchen was really gross. To end the trip, I stashed $40 in my suitcase, went for breakfast at the Greek place across the street, and it disappeared in the half hour we were gone. Obviously, an employee stole it since the room was loacked, which means they had to have gone through my stuff to even find it. Never staying here again.	
Apr 19 2008 	Good place to save money	Our room was clean (and dated) and everything worked OK. The staff was friendly and helpful. Pool looked lovely but didn't have a chance to use it.The motel is about 2-1/2 -3 long blocks from the Strip, but convenient nonetheless. We ate at the Peppermill, Denny's, and McDonalds, all within a block of each other once you reach the Strip. We took a Grayline &quot;City Deluxe/Red Rock Canyon&quot; tour that picked us up at Circus Circus on the Strip - about a 4 block walk, not bad. The tour was wonderful, by the way. I recommend it.We were there 2 nights, then went from &quot;the ridiculous to the sublime&quot; - see my review of MGM Grand.The Deuce bus goes up and down the Strip and you can get a 24-hour pass for $5. What a bargain! Saved a lot of walking.Overall, this 40+ hotel shows it's age, has no amenities (except a nice pool and a laundry room), but is convenient, clean, and we would stay there again when we want a place to crash while we're doing sightseeing/gambling on the Strip, etc.Also, our room had a balcony overlooking the side parking lot, and was surprisingly quiet.It seemed like we were staying at a very different hotel from the one some people have written about. I guess we were among the lucky ones - except at slots!!Ann in VA	
Apr 11 2008 	Great little place	This is not a fancy motel, but when in Las Vegas, we spend very little time in our room. It's an easy walk to the Strip. We found the room large and clean, with a small kitchen. The staff is very friendly. Built in the early 1960s, it is like an older house, somewhat dated in furnishings, but quite serviceable. We will stay here again when in Las Vegas, as the rate is a bargain and it's close to everything.	
Mar 22 2008	Lovely Place	We stayed at the Somerset for 4 nights in March 2008. It is an easy walk to the strip, an easy walk to the convention center (and monorail), an easy walk to a good car rental place (Brooks). The Venetian and the Palazzo and the Wynn are all a 15 minute walk away. Same for the Fashion Show Mall. The other places on the strip can be reached by monorail or bus or a walk if you like.The proprietors are fantastic and they give you personal service, the rooms are not modern but you get a stove, microwave and a fulll size fridge. No internet though, that would have been nice but it's ok without it. Check in was a breeze, check out was a breeze. The place was quiet but not too far away from things. We sat in the lobby and talked with the desk clerks like they were old friends.You can stay at one of those over priced joints on the strip or you can stay here and save a hundred bucks or more a day. No question about it, I'd stay here again.One warning, avoid the Greek Casino joint across the street, at least avoid the restaurant- the food was lousy and the service even worse.	
Jan 6 2008 	Love it here!!	We have been coming to Las Vegas for 10 years now....well 2002 we didn't go. The first year we had to go through an agency to book a room and they swore they only work with the best. They didn't the place was a dump! Year 2 we stayed at a motel somewhat better than year 1 but not much...YEAR 3 and every year after has been at Somerset! We love the location, the staff are wonderful people, and the rooms ARE ALWAYS CLEAN!! So if someone says their room was dirty I will call them a liar...the place is old and because it is old they work harder to keep things clean in their rooms and they all go out of their way to make sure you don't want for anything..these people really and honestly care about their customers. Its right off the strip so you are within walking distance to anywhere you want to go..its perfect.If you want fancy then go someplace else as this is not. Its a nice clean place to crash, shower, dress and run. We usually get a room with a kitchen so we eat at least 1 meal there, the rest of our time is spent checking out whats new, visiting friends and family in and around the Vegas area.So you decide as for me and mine we stay at Somerset...	
Sep 28 2007 	Fantastic for conventions	The hotel was really cheap, and only a block or so away from the Las Vegas Convention Center. It was the perfect place to stay and be in walking distance to work.The staff was really friendly and helpful.The hotel is obviously really old, but it has been well maintained. The rooms were really clean, and mine even had a kitchen. The only drawback that I saw was that there are no irons, and no alarm clocks in the rooms. It's also about an 8 minute walk to the monorail station that takes you to the strip in about 5 minutes. I will stay there again on my next trip!	
Aug 5 2007 	Love Everything	This hotel/motel was great. perfect for low budget stays. i enjoyed it alot with my family. my kids and i really loved the pool, and the fact that it is not very far away from the strip. the wallgreens, ross, dennys nearby made it easy for me and my family to get the things we needed. it is a very great motel and i will stay there whenever i have to go to vegas. i give the somerset motel a 5 star ratting. probably nothing like the hilton, or the other fancy hotels, but beats the price of $100.00 (USD) and up. it is very great place.	
May 27 2007 	What a dump!	Are you people serious? I would not take my worst enemy here. We were actualy afraid to touch anything . We unfortunately arrived at 1:00 am and had no where else to go. This the dirtiest, dingiest dive that I have ever been in. Was'nt expecting anything glitzy or fancy but clean would have been nice. We slept for one hour and left. If you are expecting Red Roof Inn quality, or similar, you will be greatly disappointed in this place. Have never left a trip advisor review before but felt the need to warn other travelers. Do not stay here!!!!	
Apr 4 2007 	Rude 	There is a bar next to one side of the motel that plays loud music until 12:30 am (or it did so when we stayed there Saturday night 3/24/07). Their AC was down on the third floor we reserved; we had the option of 1st floor AC or 3rd floor no AC - we chose 3rd floor to avoid upstairs noise but no one mentioned the bar with the music next door. The area is a little creepy. When we checked out the attendant must have taken offense when I said &quot;We're checking out and we're here to pick up the $10 deposit for the key&quot; b/c she made several rude comments about how she knew that and &quot;here's your oh so important $10.&quot; Geez. For one night in Vegas it's not worth saving $40 for terrible service in a questionable area. Look on Paradise Avenue - it's just a few blocks and much nicer places.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good Value	Excellent value we stayed for one night which being a Saturday was very expensive on the Strip but cheap here. It is just off the Strip along from Wynns and overlooks the Hilton. Lovely clean room with kitchenette which would have been excellent had we stayed longer.	
Jan 19 2007 	Retro Vegas? This is the real thing.	So it's not the Wynn, I still loved it and will stay at the Somerset again. The rooms were large and clean. I never expected to find a room with a built-in kitchen with stove and oven, or the incredible in-room details of vintage, yet simple, space-age light fixtures. Perhaps I'm too easily amused by old-Vegas detail, like the bottle opener installed beneath the bathroom doorknob, but I really enjoyed this place. It's a time warp and very well-maintained which is evident from the roadside and the motel's incredible, enormous, and impeccably-maintained neon signage. There is a bit of owner-pride at this establishment. Sure it's rough around the edges, but you can't beat the price or that old-Vegas style.	
Jan 16 2007 	Close but so far	There is no thermostat, meaning that your room is either too hot or too cold. The motel's cheap idea must be to force you to turn off the heat or AC so as to save electricity. The hallway carpets and stairwell emitted a mild odor; the sink drain was rusting; footsteps above my room thundered through a poorly-constructed ceiling; 6:00 A.M. garbage trucks rousted me in my sleep; and the management lost my reservation (bad news during a convention). While the price and location compare favorably with that of other hotels near the LVCC, your experience there will not. Get this: owner Irwin Kishner is a board member of the Nevada Hotel and Lodging Association, which must have an &quot;anything goes&quot; policy. Las Vegas is a city of a wide choice of hotels, and there is no reason for you to be at the low end of the scale.	
Nov 20 2006 	Loved This Motel	We couldn’t get a room in Vegas for under $350/night so I researched places on-line and because of the positive ratings this motel had, we decided to stay there.Like all the ratings say, this isn’t a 5 star hotel, there are no frills, but despite that we loved this place!!!!! The rooms were big, with a small kitchenette and because we smoke we have a balcony. It was like a small one bedroom apartment. The service was great and staff was extremely friendly. Using our AAA card we paid under $50/night and I would have paid $75/night no problem.If you are on a budget or can’t find a room I recommend staying here!	
Sep 26 2006 	Safe clean choice for low budget	Granted, this place is 40 years old, and seriously shows signs of age and wear, but I get the feeling they sincerely try to keep it up and keep it clean (which I can attest to housekeeping more than diligently doing their job outside my door at 7:10 am on Sunday morning), and cleanliness is what really, really counts for me. I was pleased by the discovery an L-shaped room with of lots of windows that opened, heavy drapes (worn and a little tattered, but clean), a ridiculously large walk-in closet, a sofa bed (worn and lumpy, but also appeared clean, just like the hideous blue carpeting) and a reasonably sized kitchenette, which included a small table and 2 chairs, and an apartment sized stove and fridge, and sink. The bed was kind of lumpy and squeaky, but not uncomfortable – the 3 hours of sleep I got were great and the sheets were clean. The bathroom in my room was as clean as my bathroom at home. I did not check out the pool, but the general pool area looked very well kept. Side note: Some of the rooms have small balconies.If price, cleanliness, and function over form are of more value to you than glitz and being right on the strip, this is a highly recommended choice and is within a very easy, 2 block walk to the strip with ample public transportation in every direction. Traveling as a single female, I felt completely safe at this hotel and the immediate surrounding area, but still - never let your guard down.And, I just loved the old-school Las Vegas broads behind the front desk. I found them to very lovely, genuine people. Don't let their brusque manner fool you, they are really charming and enchanting ladies.	
Aug 17 2006 	A Penny Pincher's Paradise	This place is the best value around for the money. So the carpets are a little old and the smell of cigarette smoke lingers in the hall ways. It's got large rooms, comfortable, clean beds, clean bathrooms, and a lot of the rooms have kitchens. If they don't have kitchens they at least have a refrigerator. I feel safe when I'm there. You wouldn't want to stay there for you honeymoon, but for every other occation it's great. I mean, let's face it, it's Las Vegas, the entertainment capital of the world. You go to Vegas because it's Vegas, not to sit in an extravagent room. You can sleep comfortably and shower. That's all you need a room for in Vegas. And if you want you can eat in your kitchen and save some more money too, because if your like me, you like saving money, and that's the reason you stay at the Somerset House.I was first told about this hotel by a friend. I've been traveling to Las Vegas twice a year for the past four years and for the first 2 years I traveled there I used to bounce around from hotel to hotel looking for one that was really worth the money and in a convenient location. This is the only hotel I've stayed at more than once and I made my 4th stay there this past week. It was simply wonderful. If you want anymore info about it I'd be happy to answer your emails at: micah52@verizon.net	
Jul 4 2006	good and cheap	This is definatly not the most fancy hotel in Vegas, however for the price it can't be beat. We stayed there for two nights, it is convient close to denny's and walgreens. The strip is right there. I enjoyed it and will stay there again.	
May 29 2006	good value of money	Stayed there for two nights in May. Very good location - just one block from the strip, very near to the Riveria and Convention Centre. Although the pool is small however this give us a very good place to enjoy under the sun. One thing I am not satisfied about, which is the quite dirty carpet in the hotel. On the other hand, the room is spacious, it provide good and clean bathroom, well equipped kicthen. I am not happy about the bed which is well too soft.	
Dec 23 2005	THE ONLY PLACE WE STAY AT!!!	We have been coming to Las Vegas since 1998. The first year I called a booking agency there in LasVags (as no one would reserve me a room 5 months in advance). They found us a GREAT DEAL at a very well established motel...We didn't finish our stay there it was SO BAD!! The next year I found Somerset online I called and they took my reservations 7 months ahead of our arrival and we have stayed there every year ...except for 3 years ago when we didn't go to LV that year..... The staff are wonderful people who go out of their way to help you any way they can. The rooms are ALWAYS clean and the closet space, hey its another bedroom in those things!! Always lots of towels and HOT WATER and CLEAN BATHROOMS!! The bottom line is this: The Somerset is a older motel that has been well maintained throughout the years. It IS NOT a fancy hotel/motel with room service, mini bars in rooms, big screen T.V.s and all the extra stuff the big name places on the strip have. When we come to Las Vegas and stay at the Somerset, we feel like we are home. Not very many places in LV can do that. Doors are locked around 5PM and the only way you get back in is use your room key OR have the front desk buzz you in.The palce is a safe home away from home place and we wouldn't stay any place else, in fact we told friends and when they go LV they stay at Somerset too.So if you want a clean room, bed, friendly helpful staff, this is the place to stay IF on the other hand you want room service go someplace else but I can guarantee you won't get the safe friendly service from them you get from Somerset..	
Dec 8 2005 	Beauty is in the eyes of...........................	I always find it amusing that people stay in cheap places and complain that they aren't as nice as the Paris! Remodeling is expensive and it is paid for by higher prices.The Somerset is convenient......5 minutes to the strip and Walgren's on these aging legs...and 10 minutes to the LV Convention Center. They have cheap rooms especially when booked direct and if you are there at least 7 days, you get an even cheaper rate.I appreciate having a fridge which all rooms have; 80 of the 100+ rooms have kitchenettes.The hallways are depressing, the drapes old, furniture is dated and the kitchen appliances are old and I don't care. I have been in 4 different rooms. All had big closets, clean kitchens, bathrooms and beds. The beds have been the most comfortable that I have been in in LV and the place was the quietest place I have stayed in in my 12 trips. Doors are locked at about 5, and you get buzzed in or use your key. The friendly staff downstairs, maintenance, and housekeeping make the place homey. I sleep 6 hours, shave, shower, and leave. I need a clean bed, bathroom and kitchen and QUIET. The Somersett delivers with that, a great price, and location. If you want great luxury, this is not for you; if you appreciate a good deal, you can live with it.I can afford much better;but I like it there!	
Nov 22 2005	good deal - easy walking distance to other places	attended a conference at the Wynn Hotel but could not afford Wynn prices. I stayed at the Somerset House Motel 10/26-10/30/05 and it was fine. Cost of the four days was only $239 which included Fri/Sat night. Sumerset House is within walking distance to the Wynn shuttle or convention center. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Motel is right accross the street from the Greek Isle Casino. I went over there and watched the Rat-Pack Tribute Show.As others pointed out the place is a little old and needs new carpet in the hallways. The room was large, clean and it had a kitchen with fridge (very conveniant to keep drinks cool)&amp; microwave.I would stay there again if I need to be in that part of town for a conference. The price was right for what you get. If you don't need anything super fancy and just a clean place to crash I would recommend the Somerset House Motel.However, this place did not have a clock radio in my room. Had to use my cell phone as an alarm clock.	
Nov 14 2005	Best bargain in town	Tourists from America's cow states and sales representatives from the National Blivet Convention prefer Las Vegas' gaudier theme-park hotels on the Strip (&quot;Whoooo-eeeee, Mother . . . 'at hotel looks just like Paris France! . . . look 'a all them fountains, Earl!). Us Vegas regulars don't. Because all we want is a place to sleep. And the Somorset fits the bill precisely: Close to the strip, clean, and inexpensive ($30 per night with my AAA card). I've been staying here several times a year for a dozen years and wouldn't stay anywhere else. And it has that nice Googie architecture from the late 1950s. Ring-a-ding-ding.	
Oct 8 2005	nice place....not luxurius but clean and basic	The motel is in the north strip area. So it was a bit far from where I needed to do my convention biz at Bally's. But a simple public bus ride down the strip a few miles. Cheap eateries nearby. A MacDonald's that closes for one hour at 3am I believe.Somerset is great place for the value. NO. It is not your luxurious, full service, perfect place. Not your place for a swimming pool. If you enjoy travelling on the cheap it's perfect. If you plan on relaxing with your family or spouse, this is NOT the place. It's basic. Go to sleep, do you biz during the day. My room was nice and clean. Very roomy too. It had a kitchenette, but I did not use it. Things are a little old, but not worn or broken. well...my curtains weren't working...but what the hell....My sheets were clean. The showers worked and the bathroom was clean. Want luxury? Room service Go to Bally's. Caesar's. etc. Budget minded and simple? This is your place in Vegas.	
Sep 19 2005 	Best deal in Vegas	I come into Vegas every weekend for business and I always stay at Somerset House. Its very close to where I work and with a AAA rate of $39 per night on a WEEKEND there is simply no better deal in town.Is it the nicest hotel in Vegas? Definitely not. Floors are creaky, most rooms smell like smoke as do all public hallways, rooms are fairly clean and comfortable but desparately in need of some modern renovating, etc.If youre coming to town with your spouse or bf/gf and want a romantic vacation then do not stay here - this isnt the place. if youre here with buddies and just want a place close to the strip to lay your head for 6-8 hours/day then i think its a great choice.	
Jun 14 2005	You do NOT want to stay here	I have stayed at some rather unimpressive places over the years, but I have never been so displeased with a place before to rank it with just one circle. I expected this hotel to be a bit down at the heels because of the inexpensive rates and other reviews and this expectation was confirmed upon arrival. The hallways reeked of cigarette smoke, even on the supposedly non-smoking halls, and the carpets were dirty. Our room was dingy and dirty with some mysterious substance sprayed on the walls. We had chosen the hotel because we wanted a room with a kitchenette. This &quot;kitchenette&quot; did not have a microwave, had an ancient stove that we never turned on as we feared it was a fire hazard, a semi-clogged sink and nothing else, not even a coffee maker although the marquee outside advertised complimentary coffee in every room. When we called down to the desk they told us to call housekeeping (luckily we arrived at 3:30 because after housekeeping leaves at 4 pm you can’t get such items), and we were brought a coffee maker, paper plates and cups. At this point we were okay with the room - it was seedy, but we hadn't expected anything great. We unpacked our stuff, turned up the air conditioner and went exploring. It wasn't until we came back to the room out of triple-digit heat and realized that the air conditioner wasn't working that we started to get a bit unhappy. I don't mean it wasn't keeping the room as cool as we wanted, I mean that it wasn't working at all other than making noise. We went down to complain and were treated extremely rudely - the clerk told us it was an old hotel and we couldn't expect the air conditioning to work. We asked to see another room and she said she couldn't show any because of security concerns. We spent the night on the phone trying to find another room somewhere, but as it was Memorial Day week-end we had no luck. We went down the next morning and talked to another clerk who was much nicer. He said they were getting a company called Dependable Air Conditioning to fix it. Well, it never was fixed. We went down again later and they said they hadn't had luck with it and we suspected no one had ever come to look at it. We asked about switching rooms and were told some rooms had working air conditioners but didn't have two beds (we were a party of three) or a kitchenette (we bought a number of items that needed to be refrigerated). In addition, the door could be pushed open about a centimeter even when locked and it appeared as if someone had tried to force it open at some point. I plugged in my cell phone to recharge during the night and discovered in the morning that the outlet had pulled away from the wall. One of the beds had stains that appeared to be blood on the sheets.We went to do laundry, paid a deposit for the key and went outside to the laundry room. The key wouldn’t open the door so we went back to ask for help and were told “Oh, we thought that was fixed.” Then for the grand finale: on our last day I went to take a shower and there was no running water. It did come on again a couple of hours later. We suspected that management wants to unload the hotel and just isn’t spending any money on upkeep. The hotel had vacancies every night except for Saturday. We were in and out Saturday and each time we came back the sign would have changed from No Vacancy to Vacancy and vice versa. We had to assume that people were checking in, seeing the condition of the place and checking out and then other poor fools would see the vacancy sign and check-in.	
Apr 21 2005	The Sommerset Motel needs to be torn down...	You may save a few bucks staying here but the place is a real dump! The rooms are dusty and need to be thoroughly vacuumed, carpets cleaned, and all scrubbed down. The place is filthy. As far as the kitchenette goes, we had everything styrofoam, which was good! No coffee in the place. The refrigerator was dirty. No screens on the windows. Very scary. The only good things were clean towels and no bed bugs. There was no message service so no one could get ahold of you unless it was an emergency. There was no place to put your luggage if you arrived early and the front desk staff was very rude. The adjacent shopping center was nearly all closed except for an all night joint and dry cleaners. Walgreen's 2 blocks away was the best place to get pop or other snacks at the hotel had nothing. The ice machine was outside and didn't work. Spend a few dollars and stay somewhere else, you will be glad you did.	
Apr 14 2005	Slum of Vegas Hotels	I am not really that picky on a place to crash but this place had filthy carpets and was badly in need of major repairs. I cut my heel on something sticking out of the carpet to begin with. Then we had requested a crib that didn't come till the second night. The baby had to sleep in the closet. The pool was dinky and on the street. Not a place for someone who needs security when they sleep. There were thin walls and people arguing in the parking lot. For a little extra money you can get yourself a better room that is closer to the action. This motel is a walk from the sadder end of the strip. We won't be going back.	
Oct 13 2004	Clean but dingy and some areas badly need redecorating	My husband and I stayed here in September 2004. The location was great and the staff were very friendly and helpful but how depressing the corridors and reception were and the carpets were rather dirty. Our room was much nicer - brighter and very clean indeed. If they would only spruce up the public areas, this motel would be great as it was reasonably priced and is just off the North end of the strip, all the action being only a few minutes away.	
Oct 1 2004	Great location with all the comfort	stayed here on a Friday and Saturday night in August-two beds-for $49 a night with AAA discount- not bad for Vegas! The rooms were the most spacious I've seen for a motel and the beds were the most comfortable! It may be an older motel, but the staff was great and they do a great job maintaining it. Stayed here many times over the years and will be back. Security is good too- they lock the entrances to the corridors at night so that guests only can come and go. 5 minute walk to the strip, so leave your car behind!	
Sep 12 2004	Great place for the price.	If you're looking for a resonable place to stay that is close to the strip, this is it. I stayed at the Somerset Motel in March 2000 and was very pleased. In the first place, I had the very first room that was closest to the main entrance so I couldn't beat that! Though it wasn't fancy, it had everything I needed for the price, so I couldn't complain at all. I would definitely stay at this motel again.	
Sep 7 2004	Not great		
Mar 27 2004	Great deal.		
Feb 23 2004	Outstanding Value for Money		
Jan 12 2004	Great Value....		
Nov 23 2003	Not that great		
Nov 19 2003	Great price...for the budget traveler		
Jun 8 2003	Not too bad for the price		
Jan 12 2003	Nightmare at Somerset		
Jan 6 2003	Great stay at Somerset House		
Jan 3 2002	good times at the somerset		
