Nov 18 2009 	Great Stay	Great Hotel with a mini kitchen in each room (microwave, toaster, sink and fridge). Stayed for the week to attend a convention so ideally located for the convention centre. Can be a bit expensive travelling to the strip as you have to use a cab or the monorail. Hotel has a small deli which was not bad but limited choice of snacks. However, the Hilton is about a 5 minute walk away so you can eat there. The buffet in the Hilton was great at $17.95, which includes beer or wine, so great value. Another bonus was the free internet access and good choice of tv channels. We did get a call about the time share club, but simply ignored it so no pressure to join. All in all a good choice.	
Nov 6 2009 	Nice haven away from the hustle and bustle	Hubby and I stayed here for the weekend after a conference at the Mandalay Bay (during which we stayed at the Luxor). It was such a treat to walk into this hotel and be greeted with a genuine warm smile. For $75 a night, Angie checked us in and within minutes we were on our way to a clean, very nice and quiet room. With complimentary Wi-fi and extended cable, a GREAT deli on the first floor and an inviting little pool, this place was an oasis among the crazy hustle and bustle that is Las Vegas. Our room had a small kitchenette that included a fridge, microwave, coffeemaker (with Starbucks coffee), sink and dishes. There was a (very) small bathroom near the kitchenette but it was visually very pretty and clean. The bed was SO comfortable (which was a fantastic contrast to the Luxor). The Hilton heavenly bed didn't disappoint. There was also a two-chair dinette set to sit and eat at, and a sofa and television cabinet. We had a view of the pool from our room (#722). While we didn't swim in the pool, it was slightly heated and another guest said it helped take the edge off the chill. The hot tub was hot. The deli downstairs is more like an awesome convenience store. It had a great selection of hot sandwiches ($7) and salads, Starbucks coffee, wine, food, sundries, beer, frozen foods (for use in your microwave), etc. The only complaint I have is that our room was right next to the housekeeping storage room, which meant that by 7 or 7:30 AM, we were woken by bumps and noises from housekeeping getting their carts out for the day's cleaning.There was plentiful free self-parking right outside the hotel, so that the walk into the property was short and sweet. The train station (that goes up and down the strip) was right off the property and is $3 a ride. So you can head to the south side of the strip in a few minutes, for just $3 a ride. Beats the heck out of taking taxis!!While we didn't use it, they also had a nicely equipped gym, and it was never crowded (or even populated) when we walked by it. The recreation room had many cafe-style tables, a ping-pong table, and a couch and widescreen TV for relaxation. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to Vegas. I honestly enjoyed it here; it was very comfortable and was just what I was looking for.-Jen	
Oct 22 2009 	Only if you can't get into the Las Vegas Hilton	My company booked my hotel room late. As a result, everyone else was at the Las Vegas Hilton while I was next door at the Grand Vacations. I was sorely disappointed when I saw what I was missing out on. At my hotel, the room was small, there wasn't any restaurant (just a convenience store), and I felt like I was miles away from any action because the hotel was so quiet.	
Oct 20 2009 	Dreadful Location	Unless you are very fit or rent a car, thisis a greadful location. It costs $10.00/day per personminimum to ride the monorail. Deli at HGV-La Vegas Hilton charges $3.00 for 1 ltr bottleof Coke. Miserable experience...then we found out foreigners were upgraded from a studioto 1 bedroom w/washer-dryer at no charge!!! Would NEVER stay here again. Whirlpool atmain pool didn't work for entire week.. Ice Machine on our floor didn't work and was never reapaired over the 1 week visit.	
Oct 8 2009 	Relaxing and quiet with attention to detail.	We were looking for a place to get some sun, warmth and just relax. We took the shuttle $12 RT from the Airport, very easy and convienent. Arrived at 10:30am and were given our room without any delays. The one bedroom is very spacious, king size bed is extremely comfortable. We really appreciated the little extras. Paper towels, dishwasher and dish soap, salt and pepper, they even had laundry soap. It is so nice to have those little extras to make our stay easier. We love to cook and found the full kitchen very well equiped, even a full size fridge.The pool chairs are some of the most comfortable you could ever want and as many towels as you needed. The security guard even brought us popsicles as we lounged. The staff are very friendly, especially the Bar Maiden, Everyone makes you feel so appreciated. They have two great gas barbeques next to the pool, we got steaks from the nearby market and griiled them up. You can the brabeque tools from the little deli. I read complaints about the thin walls, we certainly had no loud neighbors or any complaints about noise. We found it very quiet and peaceful. If your big into the gambling scene this may not be your place, you have to walk about 100 yards to the Hilton Hotel Casino ot hop the Monorail to all the big casinos. The free high speed internet worked great, very fast and even tech support for those like us that need all the help we can get. The business center has a set up to print your boarding passes free of charge.	
Oct 6 2009 	Quiet Hotel-just a short distance from the strip.	We stayed here Sep 26 thru October 3rd. I had some issues with RCI and the name under which the reservation was made. I made the reservation myself, under my name, but RCI put it under my former husbands name. The hotel insisted on trying to call my former husband, while my partner stood there with me, to get 'clearance' that it was OK for me to check in. It was so embarassing. Then they tried to call RCI (which was CLOSED at the time). All this, despite the fact that I had the printed reservation with my name on it, which states that is the only thing required for check in. The hotel stated they did not go by that piece of paper. The whole process made me feel like I was some kind of criminal. In the end, they wound up checking me in based off the printed reservation I had...but they could have done that to begin with, or handled the situation a bit more discreetly.Our room was a studio. It was pretty small. There were only two of us and we had a hard time finding a place for our clothes. There were only three drawers and a very small closet in the room. We also found a can full of trash. When I told the front desk, they recommended I empty it myself. The hotel is located at the end of the strip. Its about a 15m walk to the monorail, which was convenient. Other than the trash, the room was clean. The pool was disappointing. The bar was literally a closet and was closed on Sunday-they gave the bartender the day of and the pool was full of people! Some folks we spoke to told us the pool at the HGV on the strip was much better, though not as quiet. The large hot tub was closed the entire time, but appeared to be in good working order. Only the small, three man hot tub was open for the duration of our stay.We were placed next to a family with young screaming kids the first two days. After they checked out, it was much quieter.The staff in the cafe/deli are really great and the food there wonderful. The hotel was not too pushy w/ the time share presentation...I was only asked twice, which is way better than most places that pour the pressure on.The next time I go to Vegas, I am going to try the HGV on the strip because its newer and the pool/bar service is better.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great staff - good place to stay off the Strip	Stayed in a 1 bedroom suite for 9 nights in August 2009- lovely and spacious with full kitchen, large bathroom and huge bath/spa. The maids were fantastic - very clean and polite - they would leave us little written messages and they loved folding the towels into different shapes. No pressure from hotel staff to participate in any sales pitch type meetings. Kitchen had a full size fridge, full over/stove, microwave, coffee maker, blender, toaster and all the crockery and cutlery you could want. Staff very friendy and helpful Easy to park in front of the hotel and be in your room within a few minutes, unlike other hotels in Vegas. We had a rental car and found staying off the Strip much quicker and easier to drive to other destinations outside of vegas (Lake Mead etc.) If you didn't have a car it would be harder to make your way to the Strip - monorail is expensive and I didn't think very convenient as you have to walk miles through crowded hotels just to get to the station.Pool area nothing fancy but clean and adequate - they could of done with some waterfalls or something a bit more interesting, but it does the job of cooling you off.We enjoyed this hotel so much we stayed at another Grand Vacation in Orlando.	
Sep 28 2009	Beware of this hotel!!	This place is so hard up for business they target Hilton Honors members offering them a package to get you into their hotel to listen to their 2 hour presentation. We were hoping to visit sometime this coming winter so purchased their package. They called on a Saturday evening, on Monday our family became ill with H1N1 and we needed the money for medication. When we called requestion to cancel our transaction they REFUSED to issue a refund and even hung up on us. We were within our 3 day window. When we spoke to Hilton Honors directly they informed us that this property has been targeting their members and creating chaos. I urge to NOT stay at this property and DO NOT become a victim of their HORRIBLE business tactics. SHAME ON YOU LAS VEGAS HILTON!!	
Sep 10 2009 	Good Value - Comfortable	Attending a show at the Hilton Convention Center, we wanted - and got - convenience, non-gaming, and a good rate ($69-71 per night AAA rate). The studio room was clean, comfortable, and quiet. Not large, but adequate. The fridge and microwave came in very handy. Not recommended for business travelers as the studio rooms do not have desks. The suites looked nice. Staff was friendly and competent. Restaurants next door at the LV Hilton. Ample free parking.	
Sep 9 2009 	Wow Didn't Want to Leave!!	All I can say is, when you go to Vegas, stay here!! I reserved a 1 bedroom suite and expected a room like you get at the Embassy Suites, well I was mistaken. This is like living in your own fancy apartment. We walked in to find a full fledge kitchen, living room, dining area, separate bedroom, jacuzzi, separte bathroom, and even a washer and dryer available to use. Very nice place to stay, extremely comfortable bed, lots of living space, next to the Hilton Hotel and just a short walk to the Monorail. Definitely, a place to relax and enjoy yourself.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good and bad but no ugly	stayed here for 10 nights from 26th of july ,room was clean and spacious and everything in it we could have wanted .you can hear noise from from adjoining rooms even when people are just talking and when upstairs filled there jacuzzi bath it was loud,pool kept beautifully clean and even security guard giving out free icepops by the pool ,location great and a 2min walk to the much used monorail station	
Aug 11 2009 	Well worth what I paid	Checked in on a Friday around 5pm. There was only one person in front of me. While walking through strip hotels, there were very long lines waiting to check in. Got a room on the 15th of 17 floors overlooking the pool area and the Hilton. The hotel is a few blocks from the strip, so you will need a car or you can also use the monorail station at the Hilton. Gambling is close at the Hilton or Sahara. The room was a decent size and had a microwave, safe, mini fridge, sink, dishes, and coffee maker. TV was a little small for me (about 20 inch). Voices carry easily through the doors that connect rooms. Free internet. Pool was not huge but was never crowded. I found a great deal on their website for only $79 each night AND a free $25 Visa Gift Card! Check out was a breeze as well.	
Aug 4 2009 	Very nice Hotel off the Strip	We are timeshare owners and booked this hotel through RCI. It is at the end of the strip back a few blocks, so if quiet is what your looking for this is the place for you! There is a monorail next door at the Hilton, about a 5 min. walk and for a 3 days pass it was $28.00 per person and it stops at the back door of most of the Casino's on the strip. We enjoyed taking the monorail and it was very convienent, much better than paying for a cab everytime you want to leave the hotel!The hotel was very clean and had very friendly people working there. When you first get there they do ask you if you want to listen to a sales presentation but they are not high pressure and if you say no they will not bother you again for the rest of your stay. We had a 1 bdrm that had a pull out couch in the living room area and a full kitchen. It was very roomy, clean, and had all the ammenities that we needed. There is a pool here but very small after you've been to some of the other Las Vegas Hotels out there. But it was very quiet and relaxing, and there is a poolside bar. Make sure you save your glasses cause refills are cheaper!There is also a deli on the bottom floor which has many items you can buy to make meals in your room and they also make pizza's and sandwiches for you.Overall, we enjoyed staying at this hotel.	
Jul 13 2009 	A Comfortable Home away from Home	Very courteous staff. No Pushy Sales people for buying condos. Remember to unplug your hotel phone use your cell because there is a sales call coming! The hotel is definitely away from the strip so a car is needed. You can get a full sized kitchen if you want or one with just a bar sink and ref. My cousin had a two bedroom which put a 1 bedroom and studio together with the connecting door between the rooms. The pool was small but not crowded. You can use the facilities of the Hilton hotel across the street such as the pool. It is really a place for older folks or ones with family and not crazy like some other Vegas hotels on the strip. You felt safe to stay here.	
Jul 8 2009 	Despite the challenges - this hotel is worth taking a look at	Stayed at the HGVC July 1-6th paying an average of 80CAD a night on expedia.I read many reviews prior to booking though i must admit i take complaints with a grain or two of salt as i feel many guests are impossible to please. I do stand corrected, as this hotel does have a few potential deal breakers depending on the type of person you are.For us, we loved it and would absolutely go back and so on that note i will begin the actual reviewThe room was comfortable, a king bed and pull out sofa. TV and DVD player (plays Divx) which came in handy for me. Medium sized refrigerator provided more than enough room for all our drinks and food. While the decor might have been a bit dated, the room for me is mostly about the bed and the bed was great. I will second the complaint posted by one reviewer about the super thin walls and hearing noises from adjacent rooms, however i will add that this hotel is very laid back and most guests are not the hardcore partying type so this really was never an issue for us.The only other complaint here was by the lady and it was the lack of a full length mirror anywhere in the roomThe bathroom was decent however there is a major major problem here!!! The bathtub did not drain. I would turn the water off during my shower to lather and upon turning i back on to rinse it would still back up over an inch. This was the big concerns for us and we did our best to overlook it and focus on the other positives.Which would be the pool area :)yes it’s not huge, but there were hardly any people there and always an abundance of chairs even on the 4th of July. The setting is nice with lots of sun and shade available if needed. The lounge chairs are amazingly comfortable and would likely be the number 1 benefit for us as we did a lot of sun bathing. I second the comments on the courteous and attentive staff and this was noticed the most around the pool area. Whether the servers would be bringing out free watermelon or Popsicle's or even the security guard coming around to each guest and asking them if everything was ok was really a nice touch. Also the 2 gas bbq's available for guests came in very handy and we wish we would have used them more.This property is a timeshare and they do try and get you to attend a presentation with the lure of a $100 free gift. They were persistent but not pushy and politely backed off when it was appropriate. I would not let this hinder you unless you can't say no to salespeople :)Other nice touches were the lounge area in the hotel, pool room, free wireless internet, decent looking fitness room (i didn’t use it) and i really liked the ice water at the front that had cucumbers soaking infusing it with flavour.Regarding the location, i cannot believe people complained. Walking to Hilton took less time than it would leaving a large hotel room and walking to the strip. the monorail is right there too if you want it however we preferred to ride the deuce which was a great deal. This hotel is on the far north end of the strip, however it is only a short walk to las vegas blvd. We did order some fruit and salads from the deli which were reasonably priced and convenient. There is a grocery store about 15-20 minutes away (walking fast) which you would be doing anyhow as you are walking through a shady part of town. I cannot comment on the poolside food or drinks as we did not order any of them.Lastly, there were minor issues with the chambermaids, not refilling some of our amenities and also with small items (ie paper and a qtip) being left in the hallway for several days and not being picked upIf you are looking for action, this is not the right place however if you want to be close to the action at a quiet and relaxing non gaming hotel than this is great. I have stayed at the HGVC on the strip and it is for sure a nicer and more modern property and I think next time I would pay the extra money and stay there. This is not a glamorous property so if you are looking for total luxury this might not be the place for you. However for the price the HGVC at the LV Hilton is no slouch of a hotelPS - i would have given the hotel 3.5 stars but this is not an option available	
Jun 20 2009 	This is no Hilton and not grand either.	I am right now in a room in this hotel, and can hear every word from the next room, it is tremendously annoying. This is worse than some of the newly built and badly constructed / insulated Comfort Inns, Hampton Inns etc. The person next door is not shouting, there is no party over there, just normal voice and everything is heard here, and he is on the phone and talks since an hour. The room was not clean, crumbs and smears on table, dust on the plastic plants etc. Ridiculously tasteless furnishings, the cheapest kind, they are worn. The kitchen sink does not drain properly, and no cheaper cabinets were ever seen anywhere. To call this a &quot;Grand Vacation Club&quot; is a joke. No Hilton hotel that I know is that shabby. I guess, when selling this to the &quot;Vacation Club&quot; owners, the hotel made a bundle. The front desk people are alright, but I don't know where they found the rest of the staff that I saw, they seem under-educated. Does not look as if a dime was spent in training them. Glad to get out of here tomorrow. I am sorry I did not go to the Las Vegas Hilton next door. I have not been there for a few years, if it is similar to what it used to be, it's classes better than this &quot;Club&quot; which is completely without any class.	
May 5 2009 	Nice place but empty	Great hotel, wonderful accomidations but where is the action?! It was much further down the strip than I thought it would be. Would be a great get away but not a &quot;vegas style&quot; hotel.	
Apr 28 2009 	Quiet retreat	Spent the last night of a six day stay at this hotel. It is off the strip which was attractive to us. Modern, up to date hotel with amenities such as microwave, fridge and free in room coffee. It is not on the strip. that was great for us as we wanted some quiet time before returning home. No slot machines, tables etc. Hotel could have been anywhere outside Nevada as it is more of a base of comfort rather than a destination centre.Staff were very friendly and helpful. Close to the monorail so it was easy to get to and from the strip. If you are going to stay here for several days, buy a monorail pass.No restaurants on site. You have to walk about half a block to the Hilton Hotel. Your room pass is good at the Hilton so there is no problem charging your meals to your room.We'd stay here again if we were ever to return to Vegas.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great selection if you don't want to stay on the Strip	Walking distance to the strip or they offer a free shuttle to the Hilton on the strip. Also just a short walk to the mono-rail if you want to go that way. Rooms are large and comfortable, pool area is fine, has work-out facilities, pool table, etc. The rooms have a mini-fridge, utensils for basic food prep. Staff are very nice and this is a very reasonable for what you get.	
Mar 21 2009 	Not so much...	Picked this location due to good reviews, lack of casino and the location since I was attending the bar and nightclub trade show. At check in, the desk staff was more than helpful and very pleasant. As a Diamond member, I was given 2 coupons (total value of $20) to use at the deli for breakfast each AM. Since I was staying 4 nights I asked why only 2 coupons and asked if I should have one one for each AM since this is the way all other Hiltons operate. I was told that I could use the coupons like cash and not have to spend the entire value of the coupon each day. Seemed plausible. After check in - the stay started going down hill and fast.Took 5 different keys to first enter the room - when I went back to the desk to get new keys I was told that the lock needed to be fixed and they would send someone that night. NEVER HAPPENED - each time I tried to get in my room, it took another trip to the front desk to pick up keys in the hope one would work. Each time, I got news keys - at least 3 times per day - I asked the lock by fixed. Discovered the room had no working safe - let the front desk know. Front desk assured me it would be fixed the first night - NEVER HAPPENED.Let them know the seond day the safe and the locs still had not been fixed - they assured me they would take care of it ASAP - nope...Went the deli the first AM to use my coupon to get brekfast, bought about 6 dollars worth of items and was told that I had to use the full value of the coupon or lose the rest of the value. I explained what the front desk had told me and they said I was wrong. Went to the front desk and explained what the deli person had told me and they said the deli person was wrong. I asked that the front desk person come to the deli and explain and was told they could not leave the desk - there were 4 folks working and no one was in the lobby. I gave up up on this one and went to Starbucks.The third day, I once again asked that the lock be fixed, the safe be fixed and the room be refreshed since the housekeeping had not been in the room since I checked in. Was told they would take care of it ASAP. When I went up to the room later that day and the keys did not work, the sfae had not been fixed and no visit by housekeeping had been done, I packed and got out of there.When I explained why I was chekcing out early, the front desk person said OK - nothing else - asked to talk to a manager - was told they were not there. There are far too many hotels in Vegas at the corporate price I was paying to have this many problems.	
Feb 26 2009 	If you're looking at something quieter in Vegas it's possible!	Family-oriented hotel, non-gaming, which was perfect for me at the time.I just didn't want to have to go through the noisy slot machines like most hotels in Vegas.Liked the little kitchenette, too!	
Feb 17 2009 	Large rooms great service clean and quiet	I stayed 3 nights at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club while in town for business. You sure can't tell how nice this place is from the outside. The surrounding area is kind of a dump but once you get inside this place it is great!The front desk staff were wonderful, going out of their way to make me feel welcome. This was a nice change from some of the other properties I have stayed at recently on or near the Strip. There is a store on the property where you can buy about anything you need to eat, drink, etc. It is a little pricey but the convenience makes up for that if you want or need something right away.The pool looked like it would normally be nice but it was out of service due to renovations. I didn't have time to use it anyway and I assume they are working on it now during the winter so that is ready for summer.This property is within walking distance of the Las Vegas Hilton so if you want the casino action without staying in it, this property is a good alternative.	
Dec 13 2008 	Througly enjoyed our stay	As we were staying in Vegas for 9 nights - we wanted more than a hotel room and something that was free of gambling (at least for someof the time) and this property delivered.The staff went out of their way to be friendly and answer any questions we had . As a HH gold member they also provided several little &quot;gifts&quot; of cookies and water, which were above what we normally recieve.Any minor problems were quickly remedied such as missing pots or glasses.My only minor criticism was that this is a slightly more dated HGV than some of the others i have stayed in but that was more than compensated by staff attention.Well worth the slight extra in price rather than a regular Hilton room	
Dec 5 2008 	Nice 	A few days in Vegas with my mother and father in tow saw us select the Hilton Grand Vacation Club at The Hilton. We'd stayed at The Hilton before, but rooms were better value at the HGVC so we booked there.The room was nice - a king suite, with mother and father occupying the master, and me the sofa-bed. The sofa bed was just fine, but the hotel staff do nothing to help you set it up, and there are one or two sharp corners on the frame of the sofa bed, which drew blood! But it was comfortable enough once set up.The master also featured a spa tub, and a seperate bathroom had a shower and twin wash basins. A ful kitchen was set aside from the lounge area, which had a flat screen TV (the master had an older traditional television).All was clean and the room was serviced daily to an acceptable standard.The hotel also features a small health club and pool. Despite being December, I was able to swim daily in a nicely warmed pool. I did not venture into the gym!Location wise, the facility is adjacent to the Las Vegas Hilton and room charging is possible from that property. Set back from the strip, a car is essential, but that isn't a big deal.Friendly staff make this a property I would definitely recommend and return too	
Oct 21 2008 	Great property - timeshare swap	Once again we chose this swap based on reviews here and a previous stay at another HGVC. It is a very clean and tidy property although our room was only cleaned once in the week. The room was very spacious and had a well-equipped kitchen - the free inroom wireless internet was a little lethargic. The shop was well stocked and did fresh rolls, wraps, salads and sweets each day - with very helpful and friendly staff as were all we had dealings with. The reception and concierge were particularly helpful.This is a quiet hotel but is adjacent to the main Hilton which is fully equipped with casino and many restaurants - inc an outstanding buffet and has headliner acts. If you are a Star Trek fan please be aware the Star Trek experience closed permanently from Sept 2008. The pool was quite small but adequate and has a large jacuzzi and towels are provided.The hotel is a little walk from the main strip - but you need to walk off all that great food....	
Oct 16 2008 	Great Place!	Of the three places we stayed at in Vegas, my boyfriend n i enojoyed this place the most! The room had everything we would need for a comfortable stay: kitchen counter/sink, small frig w/ freezer, microwave along w/ the normal admenties. The hotel had free washers/dryers for their guest (you just have to buy the detergent .) The room was a good size even though i booked the smallest studio there was available; the room looked great (not cheaply put together) w/ it's own thermostat.************************the cons wld have been that there was construction nearby and the parking garage was not attached to the hotel, nor was there a covered walkway (and boy was it cold outside the last two nites we were in vegas!); the thermostat didn't have actual numbers to indicate what the temperature really was( but that was ok since it was very easy to use n efficent-not a bulky window unit); and the toilet in our room was very slow n actually clogged up the last day we were there. (but considering our stays at the other hotels and the general layouts of other hotels we visited in vegas the small inconvenience at the Hilton paled in comparison.) if i was to revisit vegas i would definately book a room here again.	
Sep 24 2008 	First class customers service and an enjoyable stay!	We were relocated to the Hilton Grand Vacations Club (HGVC) at very short notice. We were due to spend our honeymoon at the Meridian Luxury Suites, but found out (via a review on this website!!!!) the evening before our wedding that they had closed down. Meridian didn't even have the decency to inform the travel agent!!!Anyway......the HGVC more than made up for the Meridian's shortfall.....We received a warm welcome from Jodi on the Front Desk, who provided us with some much needed essentials after one of our cases went missing.The rooms are spacious and well equiped - definately a 'home from home' - washer, dryer, oven, microwave, large fridge/freezer, coffee maker, blender, hairdryer, spa bath, large tv in lounge and bedroom, and best of all ...free wireless internet connection. Complimentary sachets of the following replaced daily - shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap, starbucks coffee, washing powder, washing up liquid. On day one we thought we had a problem with the water temperature. An engineer was knocking on the door within 4 minutes of making the call. I simply hadn't run the tap long enough!! Oops!Alice and Julian on the Front Desk made several phone calls on our behalf to locate our lost baggage. We can't thank Alice and Julian enough for their help. The manager Mark is approachable and clearly places a great deal of importance on the wellbeing of guests. Mark was aware of the situation with our luggage and offered his personal support.Blanca and the other Maids were very efficient and friendly. We returned to our room each day to find a wonderful towel creation - swans, dogs, birds etc etc.The deli is open from early in the morning to 10pm. They stock all the essentials plus a range of sandwiches, wraps and salads, plus cakes, muffins etc.We never struggled to find a sunbed by the pool. Fresh clean towels are provided by the pool area. There is a bar beside the pool, and free use of barbeques.The hotel is located off the stip - a positive or a negative depending on the purpose of your stay. We spent a lot of time on the stip so enjoyed the quieter side of the HGVC.We would definately stay here again. Thank you to all at the HGVC!	
Aug 25 2008 	Great but quiet	If you are looking to escape the Strip and the sounds that come with it, this is the ideal hotel. It was very clean at an affordable price and a cab ride away from the Strip. I would recommend it for older people.	
Aug 4 2008 	Good	This hotel is clean, beatiful and excellent service. Las Vegas is for adults. Not recomend to bring childrens.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great for Kids in Vegas	Stayed for 3 nights in the middle of a road trip with the kids. More of a 1 bedroom apartment than a Hotle room, full kitchen, washer, dryer etc. Great pool, jacuzzi and free barbecues. Only on block off the strip and probably the only place in Vegas with no slot machines.We absloutely loved it !	
Jul 24 2008 	Excellent	We have been in Las Vegas probably 35 or 40 times. I have personally stayed in almost every casino hotel of the city. We are a family of four, my sons are 8 and 14. My review for this property is just a word: EXCELLENT. The suites are cozy, very well dressed, it makes you feel even better than at home. The convenience of the washer/dryer and full refrigerator and kitchenet is a major plus. I have been in other suites that has these conveniences, but here you do not really see them, they do not invade your space or make you feel like you have the kitchen in front of you, as other places. The whole resort is great, the pool, the gym (free very clean towels at the gym), and the deli market. The deli market has good prices and the sandwiches are just plain GREAT, fresh, and huge. Three of us actually ate only one sandwich. If you have a family, you can not be wrong by staying here. If you want to leave your children playing or seeing the TV (78 channels!), you can go to the &quot;quiet room&quot; which is a huge lounge, very comfortable and cozy.	
Jul 6 2008 	Another great HGVC experience	Tucked away just off the strip, the Hilton Grand Vacation was a welcome change from the &quot;cheap but charge for everything&quot; Casinos that makes up much of Las Vegas's accomodation.We had stayed in a Grand Vacations hotel in Orlando in 2006 and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves so our expectations where high for the Las Vegas Grand Vacation.... We booked a king suite and weren't dissapointed.. For a start it was well appointed with a kitchen, laundry and spa bath as well as TVs in the lounge and bedroom. Features aside, the suite nicely decorated, comfy, tidy and above all else, roomy. Compared to our previous Las vegas accomodation who wanted to charge us an outragious amount of money for basics such as internet access, wireless was part of the service at the Grand vacation and the staff were also really nice.Given it's close proximity to the strip and it's amenities I'd strongly reccomend the Grand Vacation over Casino's in a flash.	
Jun 22 2008 	loved this timeshare	we stayed for 7 days and I loved this place,no noise at night, no smoky smells, no overly crowded pool! I think I am getting old! I liked that you could get away from the strip in 5 minutes and get right back if you wanted to. The bathrooms were nice and we had a 2 bedroom, 3 tvs and a full kitchen. We didnt find the deli horribly priced, expected to pay more for convenience, and the sandwiches and salads were good and fresh. the pool was a pleasure, plenty of places to sit, clean towels and very pleasant company..we had our grandkids there for 3 days. pool drinks a little pricy but the slushies were very tasty. elevators quick and the staff very nice..we had zero complaints..convenient parking (free) just across the driveway,1 mile from drugstores, supermarkets etc w/o going to the strip..take a right on Karen down to Maryland Ave..Would love to stay here again	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Resort	This was a timeshare exchange. We had a 2 bedroom suite for a girl's weekend. It was great. The room were spacious and the beds comfortable. We did not hear noise from any neighbors and we slept late because of our casino hopping. I was very impressed with how this resort was set up. Check in was easy and parking was a breeze. There was no high pressure sales pitch. They left a message on the phone but we were too busy making donations at the casinos to talk with them. No one ever ask us directly to attend a meeting. I really like this resort and would recommend it highly to anyone. The Hilton is less than a 5 minute walk and the monorail is right there. We had breakfast at the Paradise Cafe and the omelets were great. You can't eat in Vegas for under $10 (even a sandwich and drink) but the Cafe was good and reasonable for Vegas. We had a great time and would go back in a heart beat.	
Apr 22 2008	Calm	Nice and spacy rooms. Somewhat distant from action. The Monorail transport option helps though. Would prefer to go again when I retire.	
Apr 12 2008 	Very nice for the price	As many of the reviews have mentioned that this is a typical timeshare location and the staff are really nice. Parking is easy, check-in was smooth, and the rooms are nice. We booked a studio on hilton.com for $75+ tax/night on a weekend and we were given a 1-bedroom suite, which was quite nice. It has everything in it including laundry, whirlpool tub, and a flat screen tv.There is a little store called the marketplace and it is really overpriced, but what hotel's store isn't anymore. The store has a large variety of food and non-food items.A nice thing about the location is that it is next door to the Hilton, so if you want a real restaurant, gym, or casino, it is right there. This was the first hotel we've stayed at in Las Vegas that wasn't in a casino and it was actually quite pleasant to not have to walk through the noise and the smoke before getting to the room. But it is not the typical Las Vegas experience. If you are looking for that, this is not the place for you. However, this location tends to have quite inexpensive rates.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great Service	I didn't stay at the hotel because my friends booked the wrong hotel. But the registration manager went out of his way to call the other property and got us a room for the same price, for a hotel with better location. It was so nice for him to do that. I will highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 11 2008 	A timeshare property	It's a timeshare property, but that just means that you may get a suite w/kitchenette, wash machine &amp; dryer &amp; a full-sized fridge for the price of a nice hotel room. (On this particular trip we stayed in a studio--which is pretty comparable to any standard hotel room).My wife &amp; I are big fans of packing our own beverages and snacks whenever we stay at a hotel...and although the studio suite only came with a refridgerator and microwave...it was still very convienient.The hotel is a short walk from the Hilton Hotel/Casino, and if you're there to gamble you only need to make that walk once a day, because the monorail is right next to the entrance to the Hilton. A 24 hour pass on the monorail is $9 and it takes you to a dozen casinos. The first night we rode all the way to the end of the line and then worked our way back...and just scratched the surface. Between the monorail and a couple of taxi rides (the Wynn looked like it was too far to walk to) we felt very satisfied with both our location and our transportation solutions.The hotel property was clean and well appointed, if not spectacular. There is an onsite coffee shop/deli/convenience store. What most impressed us was how friendly each and every one of the hotel staff we interacted with were. Good job on that. We did eat one meal at the adjacent Hilton Hotel Paradise Cafe, and it was a good, reasonably priced meal (breakfast).We had also recently stayed at a timeshare property in Scottsdale for a Christmas party and loved our room there too. We're definately going to add timeshares as a &quot;good value&quot; when looking for hotel rooms in the future.	
Mar 8 2008 	Good for business	Stayed here for a conference at the Hilton Convention Center. It was extremely convenient to stay at the same place as the conference. The hotel was nice, the casino was considerably smaller than the others, but was very luxurious - with crystal chandeliers and all.The hotel has several restaurants to choose from. Paradise Cafe was great for a lunch, the Buffet was decent and included wine and beer, Quark's Bar was really fun and had great drinks, but the Chinese restaurant was absolutely fabulous.We enjoyed the room; unfortunately, we were in an older room that had not yet been renovated. The room was still spacious and clean and the bed was very comfortable. We did have issues with the hot water when taking morning showers - I guess because so many people were going to the conference early in the morning.Having the monorail station there was great and it is truly the best way to get around Las Vegas - especially since the Hilton is so far from the strip.We did go see a concert in the theatre (not Barry Manilow, but another headliner) and the theatre was very nice, but could definitely use some updates.I would consider staying here again, but, next time, we will stay on the strip.	
Feb 27 2008 	Reasonable Hotel if You Want Quiet	We are members of the Hilton Club and stayed here while attending a conference at the Convention Center. We had a 1 bedroom suite. The overall room was great and the small kitchen was reasonably well appointed (fine for making breakfast; wouldn't want to make a meal here). The facility has a pool, a food store, and a very small gym (1 stepper, 2 treadmills, and a universal weight set). If you want a place that has peace and quiet and no casino noise, this is great. It is within walking distance to the Monorail at the Hitlon (across a long parking lot). You don't really get any discount or advantage at the Hilton itself but if you want a nearby casino the Hilton has one.The Hilton (hotel) spa is nice; the gym is pretty small (several treadmills and steppers and several weight machines but relatively spartan by Vegas standards.Overall the Hilton Grand Vacations Club is fine if you want a quiet place to stay but it's not anywhere near a &quot;Vegas&quot; experience. One significant downside is that it's hard to get a cab here at night. During the day they call a cab for you and one usually comes. At night you are just out of luck (even if you call a cab, they don't come). It's 2 blocks from the strip and far enough away that you just can't flag one either. We ended up going to the Hilton hotel across the large parking lot and waited in the long cab line there. Leave yourself plenty of time if you have a reservation somewhere.	
Jan 2 2008 	Wonderful Place to Stay	I have visited Las Vegas many times and have previously stayed at the Excaliber and the MGM Grand. When you stay at a casino hotel, it can get on your nerves...the long walk to and from your room, walking thru a smoky casino, very few amenities in your room, etc. I wanted a change and the Grand Vacations Club was perfect.We booked a king-size suite. The kitchen was perfect, even a dishwasher! There was a small washer-dryer unit in the closet. The kitchen had everything we needed to make small meals and breakfast and the fridge was full-sized. Our son slept on the sofa bed in the front room and we slept in the bedroom. The bath included a large jacuzzi tub.The room was extremely quiet - so much nicer than having to deal with the partying that happens when you sleep &quot;on the strip&quot;. The pool and jacuzzi were clean and heated and nobody was around when we used them. It was wonderful! The MGM closes down their pool during the winter months as do many of the Strip hotels.There was a small grocery in the hotel, but I drove a few blocks to a market and stocked up on food. The new monorail is within walking distance of the hotel, in the back of the parking lot...an easy way to get to any of the strip casinos.The hotel also had a concierge in the lobby. She was awesome. She got us great seats for Spamalot, even though it was very short notice. All of the staff was extremely kind, helpful, and accommodating. I can't say enough nice things about them.Many of the hotels on the strip have shabby rooms and are extremely dirty...this is because many of the visitors are partying and are rough on the rooms. At this hotel, everything was in good order, clean, and beautiful.There also was a lounge with a big-screen TV and a billiards table. Lots of room to play games, if you wanted. I saw many families hanging out there during the day, but it was never crowded or annoyingly loud.Our room even came with a DVD player so our son could watch movies. This is one of the few hotels where we have stayed with that amenity.I also work on the road, so I was able to access the wireless internet from my room on my laptop with no problem. The internet service is FREE - included in the room charge...the casino hotels charge extra for that.Other than the small market and your room, there is no place to eat at the hotel...however, you can walk to the Hilton which is right next door or eat on the strip. We ate most of our meals on the strip while we visited the various attractions, but it was nice to be able to eat breakfast in our room and also have snacks when we got back in the evening.Even better, the price was less than half what the casino hotels charge...let's see: better service, more amenities, cleaner rooms, and a better price (about $100/nite vs. $250/nite)...sounds like a no brainer to me. This will be my first choice whenever I visit Vegas from now on.	
Dec 31 2007 	No problems...pretty good place to stay	Our friends who have timeshare through the Hilton chain let us stay here for a night while we were in Vegas and it turned out to be not that bad. There was a nice kitchen area with all the necessities, which was useful. The jacuzzi tub was large and the shower area was clean. The bed and bedroom area in general were spacious and pretty comfy. The Sahara was within walking distance. The hotel provides a coupon book for various things like breakfast coupons, meals, etc. They serve Starbucks in the cafe downstairs. There was also a pull-out sofa in the living room if needed. The room service was friendly and housekeeping was efficient. Overall, our stay there was nice with no problems! Hope this helps!	
Dec 5 2007 	Great Stay	I needed to use a timeshare week and wanted to attend a sporting event at the LV Convention Center, so I chose this HGV location. The check in was quick and friendly. My two bedroom suite was clean and roomy. I appreciated the numerous electrical outlets to hookup my electronic toys. My suite overlooked the pool and the front of the hotel. The view across Paradise Road was of the other HGV on Las Vegas Blvd, the Riviera, and the Stratosphere. Although there is condo construction across Paradise Road, there was no noise pollution. Traveling eastward along Karen, I found at the next main street - Maryland Parkway - two 24 hour supermarkets - Albertsons and Vons(Safeway). The Vons, even, had a gas station, where I filled up twice for $3.01 a gallon! :) I had problems with a dead battery in the in-room safe and a backed up toilet. Both problems were fixed quickly. Each bedroom and the living room had separate heating/air conditioning system, which was a nice touch. The hotel tower shades the pool area in the morning, making an early morning swim more a polar bear experience! Patio area heaters would have made the area more useable.It turned out to be a very long walk between the HGV hotel through the LV Hilton to the LV convention center, particularly on a cold, rainy day. I ended driving most of the time - hehe.Check out was also quick with no lines. The quiet, non smoking aspects of HGV was a nice retreat from the noise and smoke of the big casinos. The only negative is the lack of fans in the bathrooms. Bring a can of air freshner!I would recommend this location to my friends and family. Because of Hilton policy, I can not exchange for this location for the next two years.	
Nov 25 2007 	HGVLV was a Lucky Pick!	I had not plannned to visit Las Vegas at this time of year, but lucked up catching a Delta Airlines special, $139.30 R/T from ATL, so I had to go!Since I hadn't been budgeting for a trip, I had to look for bargains. I found a good deal for the Saturday arrival at the Las Vegas Hilton, and saw that for about $25 more for the next two nights, I could move to the HGVLV. I really liked the idea of a kitchenette since I'm usually carrying a to-go box back to my room after dinners out on any vacation. With no microwave, well - whaddaya gonna do with it?! :&gt;)Check-in was super. Right away, the Host/Concierge/Manager Robert took interest in making me feel special and welcome. I was given a wonderful 15th floor King Studio overlooking a golf course and facing toward the mountains and sunrise, which I loved. The bed was wonderful, and the kitchenette was just the thing for me to fix myself a drink or snack, or re-heat my to-go goodies, without having to dress and go downstairs or somewhere else, (although I did my share of that as well!)I had a rental car and bought myself some groceries and liquor at the Smith's grocery store off North Rancho. By signing up for the shopper card I saved $27 from my final total of $122 which included an apple pie (breakfast slice!) fruits, nuts, Brie, crackers, chips, a bottle of Stoly Citrus vodka which was on sale for $11 (!), a bottle of Ecco Dominici Pinot Grigio wine and this neat bottle opener/stopper gadget, a bottle of Jose Cuevero ready mixed Margueritas, Mr. &amp; Mrs. T Bloody Mary mix, bottles of water, some makeup and a few souveniers as well. I actually brought a lot of this back home with me, (no liquor, but the other things I could pack) so my budget trip went very well. Even though I drank only about a third of the Stoly, for $11 it was definitely cheaper than buying drinks one by one somewhere out. Plus, I had my wonderful view to enjoy while sipping and enjoying my spur-of-the-moment R&amp;R.The room already had a complement of Starbucks coffee pods for the coffeemaker, although I did make a run to the deli/grocery downstairs the next morning for more sugar and Half-N-Half.That morning I went to the pool downstairs. Even though it was November 19th, they were saying on the TV News that this near-record warmth was due to change on Tuesday, which would be the day I was leaving. The pool was heated, anyway. So I certainly enjoyed a November morning in the sun by the pool.I really liked the hotel toiletries. The lotion smelled wonderful. There was also a ironing board/iron, room safe and hairdryer, for those who need these items. In the morning, as a HHonors member, a USA Today hung on my doorknob outside. My room was quiet enough; I did hear muffled voices a few times from the neighbors, nothing irritating, just enough to know I wasn't totally alone up there.The room attendants were so friendly and accommodating. Any request I made was immediately and graciously handled.I thought I had lost my prescription sunglasses. The day I went to check out, I moved my rental car from the HGVLV parking lot around to the front to load my luggage. When I went around to unlock the trunk, there sat my sunglasses on the back of the trunk! Only in Vegas!Great rate, great room, great experience. I hated to leave, and I hope to be back ASAP!	
Nov 15 2007 	Great place near monorail	We agree that the hotel was great, suprisingly so given some of the reviews. We also had a suite (upgrade -- not sure why) and the two rooms were more than needed and fabulous. The key was how quiet it was. The room, the lobby, the deli, etc. No waiting in line to check in, no worries getting a bell service to check our bags when we left, no worries getting a taxi. A couple things to be aware:1) The deli closes at 10:00 and there no room service. 2) It is an easy walk (probably 500 ft?) on a small sidewalk past the parking garage to the hilton for restraurants, gambling and the monorail.3) Don't take the trolley from the Hilton -- it is slow. Take the monorail.4) Tell your taxi driver from the airport to go not take the freeway. It is an easy shot using the back roads to the hotel. Our cab ride was $40 from the airport and less than $20 back.	
Nov 5 2007 	excellent Vegas hotel	We had a king studio, spacious for the two of us. This property is very clean. Comfortable bed, good water pressure in the shower, double sinks in bathroom, flat screen TV in the living room (normal TV in bedroom). The air conditioning worked great and was silent. We heard no noise from the hallway or neighbors. No complaints about this place, everything worked. The location is definitely not central - 5 minute walk to the Hilton to catch the monorail, but that did not bother us. We usually stay at the Westin Causarina, but we booked this one with Hilton Honors points and were not disappointed.	
Oct 24 2007	Nice Hotel Great Location	I had been somewhat worried about outrstay here because of some of the blogs I'd read. Once we arrived, I was very impressed. We booked a two bedroom which was a one bedroom suite and a one bedroom room hooked together since we had 6 people in our party. The suite was nice and spacious with a full kitchen, washer and dryer. The master bedroom had a whirlpool. The bathroom had a double sink and large shower stall. The attached room was a little tight, but for two people it was ok. It had a little kitchenette with a small fridge. The hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. The pool was always clean with lots of fresh pool towels. There is a bar that you can go to right from the pool or sit on a terrace and not be at the pool and still go to the bar. The store had good food even if it was a little pricey - all the food seems pricey in Vegas. It was easy to walk to the Hilton next door for larger restaurants and get to the monorail. We walked to the Sahara also which wasn't too far. The monorail is great for getting around Vegas because traffic does not move. After being in the crowds on the strip it was relaxing to get back to the HGVC and have peace and quiet. Another nice thing about this resort is that you need your card to go to the pool and after 10pm to use the elevator. This might seem like a hassle to some people but you felt more secure. Lots of parking was available outside and in the parking deck. We would definitely stay there again. The only negative was that the bathrooms did not have fans in them.	
Oct 14 2007 	Hilton...not at its best	I agree with previous reviewers about the location. If you want to get to the action on the strip, a car or shuttle are best. If you like the quiet nature of a non-gaming hotel, this is a good choice. I stayed only one night in a king studio. I thought the room was pretty small and no different than a typical hotel room--but it did have a fridge and microwave, along with a toaster and coffee maker. The room was clean, but I had problems with my shower and toilet. Neither worked well. The shower faucet was nearly dangling from the wall and the toilet handle required frequent jiggling to get the water to stop continuous flushing. In addition, I had problems cooling the room down to a comfortable temperature. Windows do not open.Like another reviewer, I could hear conversations and a baby crying in a neighboring room--not a fun distraction during the wee hours. In the morning, the sounds of people showering in adjacent rooms were pretty loud.While the courteous, professional staff were great and the easy, close parking was convenient, I was unimpressed otherwise, and will not return, nor recommend this property. It's likely that the 1-bedroom suites are much nicer, so I hope future guests enjoy the 1 brm accommodations. My next stay is scheduled for another Hilton Grand Vacations property, the location on Las Vegas Blvd. I hope to have a better experience there.	
Oct 10 2007	Nice Big Rooms Long Walk	My wife and I were contacted by Hilton Grand Vacations Club, to attend a timeshare. They gave us a one bedroom suite, that was nice and large. Full kitchen, washer &amp; dryer, flat screen tv's, the works. We were pretty happy with the hotel. Our only complaint is it is located far from the action, and the cab fare from this hotel to the center strip ran $10 - $15 one way. We Finally purchased a 24hour unlimited use pass for the monorail which has a stop next door at the Hilton. The monorail runs every five minutes, and is very easy and clean. I am not sure I would stay here again due to it's location, but we had a great time!	
Sep 24 2007 	loved it	First of all, it's on the Las Vegas Hilton property but not attached, it's own seperate hotel but easy walking distance to the Hilton. Enjoyed the room very much, especially the hot tub. Friendly staff, a nice pool but small, used for sunbathing mostly. But would go back again.	
Sep 2 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed here one night with our kids, and loved it. We had the one bedroom suite, and it was a lovely, spacious room. The staff is so friendly and helpful. They have excellent customer service. The pool area is nice, and they have a small bar outside. They have a nice deli inside, with a good choice of food and drinks. We would love to stay here again. It felt small and comfortable, compared to the large hotels on the strip.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great stay would love to revisit!	I stayed with two other people in a single King with sleeper sofa. I slept on the sleeper sofa, and all things considered, it was quite comfortable. I actually enjoyed not having daily maid service (this is generally a time-share property); my friends and I all brought our laptops and there was no concern about items being stolen from our room. The room was very clean and quiet. The kitchenette was a nice feature, although we didn't often have the need for it. It's a bit off the beaten path, but still has a nice view. Access to the Star Trek Experience at the Hilton was great, just a short walk. Also, the monorail was readily accessible, although I didn't use it because I had a rental vehicle. This makes it a great choice for someone who wants to stay off of the Strip but wants to use public transportation.Really, my visit was EXCELLENT. My only complaints are the following:-Room was on the smallish side - no walking space for anyone with sofa bed pulled out.-Downstairs deli/sundry shop was ridiculously expensive.	
Aug 2 2007	Nice rooms good location but too noisy	HGVC at the Hilton is a nice hotel with large rooms (meant for their time share customers). Many rooms have a separate living room, kitchen, large bathroom with separate shower and jacuzzi tub in the bedroom. Some rooms have a great view toward the strip.The hotel is off Paradise, which means it's not a good walk to get to the strip. However, there is a shuttle, and more convenient, a short walk to the monorail station. The monorail is a smooth, quick way to get to the strip hotels. It should be cheaper, but it can save on taxi fares and kids just love it. I've stayed here four times, mostly because of the larger rooms and access to the monorail. Check-in is always a challenge: they post a 4pm check-in time, and then expect a 10am check-out. Recently, I have noticed that the dividing walls between the rooms are too thin. One family was having a normal conversation in their bedroom, and it sounded as if they were standing right behind me as I tried to fall asleep in our bedroom. I complained to the front desk, who called their room to ask them to be a little more quiet. But even after they lowered their voices, I could still hear them. I think the wall construction is the problem.	
Jul 11 2007 	Very nice time @ HGVC	Let me tell you a bit about us before you read the review. My wife and I are both people who enjoy a 4-5 star hotel, we are not one's to nit pick at every little thing wrong with a hotel. So please keep that in mind when you read our review. We arrived at HGVC on Tuesday night, parking was a breeze. Not many times you can park your car and walk right into the hotel. Check in was a snap and the staff was quite friendly, no pushy sales pitch to buy a condo or anything. We had a 1bedroom suite, witch was clean and had all the little things we needed to make our stay enjoyable. I would recommend a high floor so you can look out unto the strip.Both my wife and I like to lay in the sun so the pool was wonderful, a bit small but that was no problem since people seem to come and go. They do have a nice little pool side bar and towels are furnished. Not much more than you could ask for.The HVGC is located on north end so if you plan on walking to strip you might think again since it is a bit of a hike. The closest casino was the Hilton right next door. (not impressed) The Rivera sits across the street along with Saraha. Both older casino but still lots of action if you are a gambler. If you have have a car I would just suggest just driving down to a local casino and use thier paking garage and accessing the strip from there.We did go out the Red Rock Casino, (wow). If you get a chance to go out there! We had dinner at the BBQ place (Salt Lick) and then a drink at the outside lounge. It was a perfect night. All and all HGVC is a good solid 4 star hotel. It is clean has everything you need for a fraction of the price you would pay staying on the strip. Just remember it is not a strip hotel so if you are looking for the hot night life this might be the place for you, but if you dont mind being a bit on the tame side then this place is for you.	
Jun 30 2007 	Excellent Hotel for families!	Mrs. Gardiner, Kiddo and I spent six nights here in late June, as the two of us were attending a large conference at the Las Vegas Convention Center. This hotel was absolutely perfect for our stay.Check-in went very well, where we first met some of the friendliest, most helpful hotel employees I’ve seen anywhere… and that’s a big compliment from me. They continually remembered my name everytime I walked by, and they addressed my daughter by name too! They have an “active” lounge” and a “quiet” lounge, as well as a very well equipped deli/convenience store in the lobby. The deli opened at 7a each day, and served hot breakfast sandwiches, Starbucks coffee, etc. Full assortment of chips, beer, cokes, vino, etc.The pool was small, but that kept things manageable. (The Hilton’s pool (next door) was an absolute zoo.) There was a small pool bar that served drinks at prices very close to the package prices in the convenience store. There are two very nice built-in grills by the pool gate.We had a Suite, which included a separate bedroom and a fully workable kitchen (more on that later). The greatroom area was also spacious, and had a fold out sofa. Both rooms had large flatscreen TVs, and the greatroom TV had a DVD player… meaning that our traveling Kiddo could watch her Dora DVDs on the big screen, instead of her 8” portable. Bathroom had a nice sized shower, and Crabtree/Evelyn toiletries. A vertical washer/dryer unit was nice to have as well. The bedroom had a large whirlpool tub, and a too-small (note: only complaint here)closet. PERFECT, though, for a small family visit. Housekeeping was sparkling, and everything looked pretty darn new to me.Free wi-fi throughout the building, and reception was reliably between 28 and 54mbps both in our room and in the lobby area.Location is a caution here, depending on why you are in Vegas. It is directly next door (100 yards, tops) to the side entrance to the Hilton, through which you can walk almost all the way to the Convention Center. The Hilton’s monorail stop is just another 50 feet further than the side door. From the monorail, you can get most places fairly easily. You cannot, though, walk to the strip… at least not with temps in the 105-110 range. Parking looked like it was free here. We spent the full six days here without wheels, and had no trouble getting around. The $8 for 24hrs of monorail was a very nice deal, and Kiddo is only 3, so she rides for free. So, if the Convention Center is your driver for being here, this is a great location, great facility, and great pricing. If you want to be in the center of the gaming action, this ain’t it. In fact, there’s no gaming in the HGVC at all… you have to head over to the Hilton.The HGVC does not, other than the deli, have dining… you have to walk to the Hilton… (which is fine, because you can charge back to the HGVC, and get HHonors points!) We ate at Quark’s twice for lunch (good menu, reasonable prices, and Star Trek characters visit the tables). We also ate at the Paradise Café, and found the food acceptable, but not great. We had one dinner at the Benihana, as we thought Kiddo would enjoy it. They were helpful with her and her needs, and the cooking show is always fun.Should mention that we had one dinner at the Paris Hotel, at Mon Ami Gabi. Third time we’ve eaten there, and it really is good. Excellent pricing, and the staff is a lot more friendly than up in the Eiffel Tower. Our waiter there was Dion, and he was superb… see my review at that restaurant for more.Back to the HGVC, though, and a further compliment about the staff. While here, we found that an old friend of ours was having his wife and two kids into Vegas after our conference ended. Since we had a kitchen, and they had two boys, we decided that it’d be a heckuva lot cheaper to grill out and eat in our suite than to try to feed four adults (with vino) and three kids in a restaurant. I grabbed a cab over to a nearby grocery store, while Mrs. Gardiner visited the front desk to explain what we were up to… within 15 minutes there were two ladies from housekeeping at the door with another four place settings of dishes, glasses, new silverware (still in wrapper!) AND extra papertowels and soap, --- WOW! One of the housekeepers noticed that I had corn-on-the-cob sitting in a cardboard box and said “You can’t serve friends from a cardboard box!”, then returned five minutes later with a still-in-the-wrapper cooking sheet to serve from! Outstanding! To sum, we successfully prepared and served a full dinner for four adults and three kids... no problem.We grilled by the pool, using BBQ tools readily borrowed from the deli/convenience store, and carried steaks and corn back upstairs, and ate comfortably while the kids watched TV.Net, this was a great hotel for our family, perfect for attending the conference and various meetings. The employees were nothing but wonderful. My compliments to whoever heads HR there, and to the GM. Very, very well done!	
Jun 28 2007	Beautiful room but loud children in the pool on 2 afternoons	We stayed in a beautifully decorated one bedroom suite with a kitchen and FREE internet. The suite was very clean. No organized activities but it is not necessary in Vegas. The cart to take bags to the room was not available without the bellboy, who was never available when we needed him. The &quot;no baggage cart without a bellboy&quot; was annoying as we had too many computers, bags, and groceries to wait around for a bellboy with cart. We had a one bedroom, very spacious, but it was a lockoff with a studio next door and we could hear the people next door when we were in the living room. The little convenience store onsite and the bar by the pretty pool are nice conveniences not all timeshares have. We liked the free acres of parking, including the covered parking. We used the Las Vegas Hilton to gamble in and found the block walk fine for us but more incapacitated guests complained about the inconvenience of the timeshare location. Very pleasant, helpful staff.Noisy children on two afternoons ruined the ambiance of the pool. No staff corrected the children, who shouted &quot;Marco&quot; &quot;Polo&quot; for what seemed like hours. We just left, disappointed our sunshine time by the pool was spoiled. Otherwise, we loved our time at the HGVC; it was our 2nd time there.	
Jun 25 2007 	Not a good first stay	My husband and I stayed in a 1 bedroom unit at the HGVC at the Las Vegas Hilton for 2 nights from April 5-7, 2007. Due to flight delays we arrived at around 7PM. We were then told that the only 1-bedroom units left were a nonsmoking room on the ground floor and a smoking room on the 6th floor. We are not smokers. After checking (and smelling) the smoking room on the 6th floor we knew we could never sleep comfortably there so we opted for the ground floor room. We were given room #119. This would have been a perfect room for us with the added bonus of not having to wait for an elevator EXCEPT for two major problems that really made this an unpleasant stay: the toilet plumbing made a loud banging noise every time we flushed it (really, I felt like I was hearing a performance of Stomp!) and the bathroom sink backed up so badly that we used the kitchen sink to brush our teeth instead. Both problems were reported to the front desk within one hour of arrival and then again the following morning but nothing was done to fix it. Front desk said that maintenance was informed but that's all we heard. At checkout we specifically mentioned the problems again and even wrote a note requesting that maintenance fix them before the unit is rented out again. If you're ever given room 119 at the HGVC Las Vegas Hilton, flush the toilet and run the bathroom faucet first thing before you unpack!The full kitchen was nice. We cooked breakfast and had all the dishes, pots and pans to use. Appliances (stove, refrigerator, dishwasher and microwave) were full-size. Dishwasher detergent and cleaning items were under the sink. There's an apt-size washer-dryer unit in the closet in the kitchen with detergent and dryer sheets available. Note that the size of these washer-dryer units will only fit a couple of jeans and shirts at most. You'll be doing multiple loads if you have more. Nice granite countertops everywhere - bathroom, kitchen and even on the dresser in the bedroom. Furniture looked upgraded. Carpet, however, was worn in spots and really needs to be changed. Both the bedroom and living room had newer flat panel TVs. Bathroom had a separate shower and jacuzzi tub. I used the tub to soak after a long day of walking the strip. The Paradise Deli was located right around the corner from this unit, which was convenient. They served Starbucks coffee and had a small section of prepared salads, sandwiches and packaged fruits. It's also a small market with a limited selection of toiletries as well as milk, juice and other drinks and some frozen foods and snacks but it's really convenient if you just want to pick something up and don't want to walk too far. We used the gym down the hall from our room. It had a couple of bikes, treadmills and ellipiticals along with some weights. It's a nice size room with adequate machines but really needs to be better ventilated. The Hilton Hotel is a convenient 5-10 minute walk through a parking lot. There you'll find restaurants, larger shops with more varied selections and entertainment. The monorail also drops off and picks up there. Monorail tickets can be purchased at ticket machines at the monorail entrance - $5 one-trip, $9 two-trip; $15 all day pass. Having the monorail at the Las Vegas Hilton was really convenient. We liked the location of this Hilton because it was away from all the action on the strip. It's in a quieter street but with the monorail, has easy access to everything on the strip. This is a good place to stay if you want to be in Las Vegas but not right on the strip. In April 2007, there was some construction going up across the street (Turnberry Towers) but it didn't interfere with the traffic flow or our sleep. With the new Foutainbleu casino going up nearby, there'll be lots of construction around this location in the coming years so don't let that deter you from staying here. The problems I encountered on this stay were specific to this particular room and not indicative of the resort as a whole. I hope Hilton fixes the plumbing problems which are really only minor maintenance issues before renting out #119 again	
Jun 15 2007 	Great place even if it is a little out of the way	I stayed there with my family &amp; fiancee for a week when we went to Vegas this past September, and what a great place it was. It didn't feel like a hotel at all, felt much more like a home. Flat screen TVs in all 3 rooms with DVD players! Comfy beds, kitchen was well laid out (sink FACED the living room, it wasn't away from it), the property was clean, pool was nice...I'd definitely stay there again. The location off strip was nice too, although it made going everywhere a little bit of a walk. No big deal though, I had longer walks to class when I was at college. Highly recommended, good for families and everyone else.	
Jun 13 2007	Average and miles away	We got here after a poor experience at another property. Room excellent. Taxi scarce. Staff super good. Price OK. Pool looked great (sorry, convention attendee so didn't get to lounge around it!)I'll be back with family. If you want to be close to the strip, go elsewhere.	
Jun 8 2007	The only place we stay in Vegas	My family and I stay at the HGVC at the LV Hilton every time we come to Vegas. The rooms are spacious and clean (My mom is a maid by profession and she was impressed) and have courteous and attentive staff. I feel sorry for the people that stay here one time and have a bad experience, but we have stayed here 6 to 8 times and haven't had one problem. Bellman and maid service is always prompt. We love using the grill down by the pool as well as having a full kitchen in the room at our disposal in the one and two bedroom suites. A washer and dryer are included in the one and two bedroom suites as well. Our family loves to go out and we can call down for a minivan cab or walk 5 minutes to the monorail. You can get your cabbies phone number and call him/her directly for a cab. The monorail is a great deal if you want to go down to the MGM as you can purchase a 10 ride ticket (good for a year) that can be shared by those with you. If its just you and another person thats $7.00 one way as opposed to an easy $20 cab ride. What makes this property so inviting is the fact that it is private and very quiet. The Las Vegas Hilton is a stone's throw from the HGVC and you can catch a cab or the monorail or just plain ole walk to the strip. If you need to be close to the action stay at the HGVC at the Flamingo, but if you like to stay at a quiet, well maintained hotel, the HGVC at the Hilton is the best place to be.	
May 29 2007 	Great For Mini-Getaway!	I stayed in HGVC in LV Hilton on memorial weekend. Got a very good rate on a sold out weekend and this hotel is very family-welcome (unlike the LV Hilton which is VERY smokey - I am still coughing from the excessive smoke in the casino lobby as of now). The hotel lobby is small but efficient. The staff was very friendly and did find us a room to upgrade us to the one bedroom suite, which is an added bonus!The One Bedroom suite have everything you needed! This is what you will get:in Living room: Philip LCD TV (32/37&quot;), a sofabed, dining table for 4, full refridgerator, full washer/dryer with detergient, dish washer, blender, coffee machine, and a stove, and a DVD player and 2 little bottles of water with a box of chocolate.In the bedroom: u get a walk in shower, a king size bed with a tv (non-flat), and a spa/jacuzzi tub. The only thing that I don't like about the tub is that its in an open area (Which means no privacy to take a bath unless you are travelling with special someone - I think lots hotel in vegas tend to have a tub in an open area...thats kinda odd. As a HHonor member, you'll receive a $10 voucher thats good for purchase at the deli on the 1st floor, which is also very reasonbly-priced for a hotel property.The hotel also have shuttle (don't know if its free or fee-based), and best of all, free wireless internet ! Most of the hilton property that I have stayed at don't have this option! and its VERY quiet and not far from the monorail station and pretty easy access to everywhere in vegas (even to the strip, because paradise blvd basically got NO traffic compare to LV blvd).Overall, a great stay! I will this property if they can change the mattress to the new Hilton mattress and update the furniatures!	
May 4 2007 	Not that great	my shower was broken and never was fixed, also my toilet clogged. The maid service did a half way job one day. Beside that it was ok, it was nice to have a fridge and a microwave in the room.	
Apr 28 2007 	Best Place I ever stayed in Vegas	I go to Vegas for the NAB Conference each year, and usually I stay at one of the big casinos. This year I brought my 15 year old son, so I wanted to stay in a place that had a kitchen. From the reviews, I decided to try the Hilton Grand Vacation Club at the Las Vegas Hilton. We loved it!This is the best hotel I have ever stayed at. Everything was almost perfect. We had a one bedroom suite and it worked out great. The king bed in the master bedroom was very comfortable. The jacuzzi tub was really nice and great for relaxing after a long day walking around at the convention. The bathroom was huge and the shower was nice and big. Since we were there for 9 days, the washer and dryer unit in the suite was a big plus. We washed clothes a couple of times. There was a free box of detergent in the room, and we asked for more and got it.It was great having a full kitchen, even though we didn't use it a lot. We love eating out!The free internet was a huge help. All of the other places I have stayed, charge around 12.00 a day for internet. This adds up over a week. We rented a car, so when we wanted to see the sights of Vegas and go shopping, we could get around easily. Everywhere you go has plenty of parking and it is free. The money we saved on internet fees, paid for the car! Also, you park right in front of the hotel and go right up to your room. No smoke to walk through, that was a plus.The store in the lobby is very convienient. They sell starbucks coffee and make all kinds of deli items. All in all it was a great hotel. We would stay there again. Probably next year for sure!	
Apr 12 2007 	GREAT FOR FAMLIES	my wife and two boys stayed from 4/1/07-4/08/07..we loved the quiteness of the hotel ...it is off strip and i loved it... we drove to all hotels on the strip...do valet parking will cost $3.00 .the cost of the monorail is 3.50 pp if you buy the 10 trip...the monorail leaves you far off the strip and a long walk away...valet leaves you in front of the hotel ..worth 3.00 to valet..pool area was very nice as well is the store...i would most definetly stay here again in the future.. if you want crazy stay elsewhere..if you want quiet after running around the strip this is the place....	
Apr 8 2007 	Poor Maintenance 	This is a nice property but definitely not one of the newer facilities. The location is OK for most things as it is close to the monorail and trolley if you don't want to walk or take a taxi. The main problem was that the “adjustable” shower head would only provide a poor cone shaped flow and could not be set to the standard multiple streams produced by most showers. This was reported to the front desk twice before any action was taken and after it was “fixed” it still would not produce multiple streams but just a better flow of the cone spray. Also the quality of the bedding is inferior to what should be expected in this type of a resort (Motel 6 linens and pillows?). Overall a decent place to sleep at night but not what should be expected from a Hilton Resort!	
Mar 27 2007 	Great stay - Location could be better	Not one bad thing to say of the hotel itself. We were in the penthouse suite and loved everything. The location is between the Stratosphere and Circus Circus at the far end of the strip. The trolly stops right at the front and the monorail isn't too far away. Just leave yourself enough time to travel when going to a show or exhibition.	
Mar 19 2007	Great Stay	Just returned from a week here. We had the 2 bedroom unit which was very spacious and very clean. The property is kept in excellent condition. The construction that is going on across the street is not even an issue. We enjoyed our stay very much and would not hesitate to return sometime.The monorail stop at the Hilton Casino is a very short walk. Cabs are right outside the door if you prefer that. All of the employees we had dealings with were very courteous, helpful and always greeted you with a smile! A special thank you to Maria Teresa in housekeeping. What a special person they have there. I hope the management realizes that.....If you're considering going here, do so with confidence that your stay will be very nice.	
Feb 19 2007 	nice but not the best for vacationers	We stayed here for a long weekend in February 2006. It's a bit off the beaten path (not &quot;on&quot; the strip) BUT it is right on the monorail and at the convention center. It's nice, but not as nice as I had imagined a &quot;grand vacation&quot; property to be. We went next door to gamble in the Las Vegas Hilton casino... walking back after gambling and drinking was a bit of an adventure! My only complaint worth sharing was the location ... it wasn't as centralized as I would have hoped, although we were both up for walking - a LOT. We literally walked the whole strip (and took the monorail back). I wouldn't stay here again unless I was in town for business, attending a tradeshow at the convention center. There are better values in Vegas than this hotel.	
Jan 10 2007 	CHANGE IF YOU CAN	Our stay at the Hilton Grand Vacations at the Hilton, was OK, but there were a few little niggles i have to tell you about. Because we put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door, the second and third mornings the maid decided to make as much noise as possible cleaning the room next to ours, (opening and slamming drawers, hoovering, running the bath for ages, (while cleaning the rest of the room) in order to wake us up and hopefully get us out of the room so she could clean it. TOUGH!.. just because it was Christmas, I suppose she wanted to finish early - but we were on holiday as well!!..The third day i went down to reception and asked if anyone was staying in that particular room. I was told that there was someone staying in it - so they did their own cleaning did they?? After that though, the noise stopped.It got to be quite expensive getting to the strip every day - the monorail is not cheap, and taxis usually cost around $10 one way. Sometimes we walked to the stip, but some days it was quite cold, and we had to get alternative transport. When we were going back to the hilton at night, we still had to walk from the strip when we got off the bus (around a 10 - 15 minute walk) - and it was very cold at nightIf you have the choice, stay at the one on the strip. There is a bus stop right outside - so much more convenient (and better when travelling back after a night out).	
Oct 26 2006 	Hilton Grand Vacations - Non Resort Hotel ideal for Business Travellers	On Karen Avenue/Paradise Road a couple of (parallel) blocks from Circus Circus / Sahara. Not too far from the Stratosphere although a substantial hike to New York, New York or downtown. Handy for the convention centre. Although the Las Vegas Hilton is easy to spot, the Grand Vacations are tucked behind one of the multi-story car parks that serve both hotels. Major constructions are taking place close to the hotel although this did not disturb the my time here (from 10pm to 6am for a couple of nights).This is not a resort hotel (a requirement of company policy for some folk) and has been geared to a different, mainly business, market.Rooms are standard business size with fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee facilities and enough pots/pans/cutlery for those that need to do a limited amount of self catering. My room was clean and well presented and afforded a nice view of the sunrise through the mountains. If you are coming from Eastern Time, you'll probably catch this! Hotel has a nice pool area, not too overwhelming, which looked in good order. They provide a free outside grill should you happen to have packed your sausages. The hotel has a deli/shop for your immediate needs but does not have any restaurant facilities. Definately no free lunch (or free breakfast) here.Very small business centre ( one PC, minimum $5 charge) but free wi-fi.No queue at the desk and good sevice - my request for a quiet room away from elevators, ice machines and conctruction was met with minimum fuss.I paid $80 per night through company travel web site.No complaints and, providing the price was right, I would use again.	
Oct 16 2006 	Sedate 	Our standard room (no full kitchen or jacuzzi tub) was well decorated and in excellent condition. It included a small kitchen counter with a sink, microwave, mini-fridge, and utensils &amp; plates. The entertainment center had doors to hide the TV, and included a nicely sized TV and a DVD player. The hotel was nice and quiet, and not crowded at all even compared with the fairly mellow Hilton next door. However, it was still pretty convenient to get places, because the monorail stop for the Hilton was just a short (5 minute) walk across the parking lot. The concierge was helpful for little things like getting airline boarding passes printed and letting us know where to store our luggage after check-out (they have a bell desk in the lobby).The &quot;deli&quot; and convenience shop was grossly overpriced, not unlike the convenience shops inside other hotels.I had a problem with the bill, which was that the rate I was charged did not match the rate quoted when I made my reservation and paid my deposit on the Hilton web site. The staff could not correct it at check-out time, but I was able to get the error corrected over the phone afterwards simply by providing the confirmation number.	
Oct 8 2006 	Excellent exchange.	Excellent exchange. Great rooms we had two ajoining ones. Superb beds really comfy. Brilliant deli on site. Would definatley choose this one again.	
Sep 30 2006 	Great for business travelers	Great hotel for business travelers. Twelve minute walk from the conference center. Professional staff. Rooms are clean and full of conveniences (like refrigerator, toaster, sink, coffee pot). Get the 5.95 lunch special at Thai Red Pepper at 2226 Paradise Rd (10 minute walk for a relaxing atmosphere and great food). Capriotti's further down the road has very good subs.	
Sep 27 2006 	Great place!	Stayed here overnight to see a show at the Hard Rock. We were very, very pleased with these accommodations. Room was very spacious and clean. Had a lovely bathroom and master suite along with a great big tub too! The kitchen, while we did not use it, was nice to have. The washer and dryer came in handy for washing our beer and cigarette smoked soaked jeans (gross). Property was very quiet and easy to get in and out of. We will definitely come back here. It is a great hotel for a family or a group of friends because the rooms are huge! Great price too! ~ $100 for a Saturday night - can't beat that!	
Sep 5 2006 	perfect for business traveler	Stayed here for 5 nights. The proximity to the Hilton and the convention center made it an ideal location. The only negative would be the bedding. If they upgraded the linens and provided better pillows it would make a big difference. Other than that, it was clean and quiet which is just what I was looking for.	
Aug 18 2006	Nice and comfortable ideally located	We stayed at the HGVC for a week as part of an RCI exchnageThe Hotel is nice and quiet. We stayed on the Strip last year at the Mirage, and felt this year we wanted somewhere a little quieter, but close to the Strip. This place was perfect for that.The rooms were of a very good size (we had a 1 bed appartment with a 1 bed studio attached) and were very tidy (if in need of a little updating) and very clean. The staff were very friendly and the deli on site was useful. The proximity to the Las Vegas Hilton and the mono rail was great also.Nice pool area with waitress service mostly	
Aug 7 2006 	Great Family Stay....	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Hilton Grand Vacations with my husband, sister and daughter. The kitchenette was very convenient for making something quick in the mornings for my daughter. Spent lots of time at the pool which was very nice and clean (provided towels, though they could have been bigger). The staff was very nice, the rooms were clean. Overall great stay, no complaints. Did not receive any calls regarding time shares as others had noted.	
Aug 6 2006 	Great weekend stay !	Just returned from a weekend stay at the HGVC Las Vegas. Checking in on Friday at 5 PM was a breeze. We were the only ones in line. The service was friendly and professional We had a 2 bedroom suite. The unit on the 8th floor was clean and it was nicely decorated. It was only my wife and I along with our 5 year old son staying in the suite. My wife and son took the main bedroom and I took the 2nd bedroom. Each had a king sized bed. The room was slightly dated, but it was nicely decorated and kept in good clean condition. I’d rated it an 8 out of 10. The kitchen was nicely furnished. We ate out, but if you wanted to cook, all the pots and pans were there along with cooking utensils. There was a sponge and dish washing detergent along with plenty of towels to wash the dishes. The bed was excellent and the amenities were nice. There were plenty of towels. There is also a washer and dryer in the unit. They even provide you with detergent and fabric softener. There were plenty of storage space and lots of room to spread out. The pool area was great. It was mostly family and it wasn’t too crowded. Most of the pool was 3 to 4 feet with the middle being 5 feet in depth. My 5 year old son had a blast. The 2 Jacuzzi were kind of small and I think it would only fit 3 or 4 people at a time. However when we were there, not too many people used the Jacuzzi. I didn’t use the gym but it looked well equipped. Parking was convient. It shares the same parking structure as the Las Vegas Hilton. It is a 3-5 minute walk to the Las Vegas Hilton. The monorail is also about a 3-5 minute walk. We had a car, so we didn’t use the monorail. Friday night we ate at the LV Hilton buffet. During check in they give you a $10 off coupon. It has all the beer and wine you can drink, for those that like to indulge. We checked out on Sunday morning and it was a breeze. Checked out at 9 AM and there was only one other person in line. Again, very friendly service. Overall, a very good experience.	
Aug 1 2006 	Great place to stay!	We stayed there in April and returned in July. This time we stayed in a studio and it was spacious. We are not Hilton Time Share Owners. We don't belong to their club. We think this is the best place to stay in Vegas (for us). Close to the monorail, easy parking. Not good getting luggage in and out of car, but we took care of it. No complaints, no problems, very clean.	
May 13 2006	OK stay close to the strip	We just returned from our stay at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club and enjoyed our stay. This hotel is nice and close to the strip. We requested a smoking room and had a little studio with microwave, mini fridge and whirlpool tub (which was nice after a long day of walking the strip). The 1 bedroom suites are beautiful have a full kitchen. The pool was very enjoyable.Some negatives:The furnishings could use some updatingCleaning service came at very inconvenient times (our afternoon nap time) we went two days without cleaning service.The timeshare calls to the room were a bit annoying	
Apr 21 2006	Loved the hotel	We consider ourselves hotel snobs. We like our space (who likes a room which is narrow and contrived?)We were in Vegas because I was turning 30. We are up-wolrdly mibile, have money to spend, and fit... lossely translates to yes we are able to be mobile &amp; walk, we like what we like and will spend money not just on accommodation but on a variety of Vegas products like shows bars, restaurants, attractions &amp; gambling.So now that you understand who we are... if you are similar... we stayed in a bedroom:1) Buckets of room... bedroon, jacuzzi, bathroon, kitchen and living space2) BEDROOM: Kingsize bed, telly., arm chair3) JACUZZI: No bubble bath supplied by hotel... or bring you're own4) BATHROOM: Double sink, walk in shower4) KITCHEN: Full fridge/freezer, micromwave, washer/driver, dishwasher...fully equipedWe loved it. We would walk down on Flamingo to they Wynn! And then get shuttle hot.Brill hotel alll in all	
Apr 11 2006	A quiet escape from The Strip	We just got back from a weekend at the HGVC at the LV Hilton. Room was great - it was a 1 bedroom, with a big living room, big bathroom with separate shower and jacuzzi tub, full kitchen, washer &amp; dryer... everything you could need. We got a good price by agreeing to sit through their timeshare presentation.The pool was nice, the lobby &amp; common areas were roomy and well furnished too.On the downside, this is a condominium complex. It's a five minute walk from the Hilton and the monorail, and a couple of minutes farther to get to the Sahara. It is off the strip, and it's quiet. The only restaurant is a &quot;deli&quot; off the lobby, and there's a bar at the pool. Most of the people seem to drive to this location (hence taxis have to be called) and they cook at least some of their meals in their condo. The monorail is a godo way to get around, tho - it worked great for us.All-in-all, a good place, and a great place for those taking their children to Vegas.	
Mar 6 2006	Best Trip Of My Life	We visited the Hilton two weekends ago. We had a two bedroom, two bathroom suite. The master bedroom had a jacuzzi, and it was wonderful. Our coach folded out(and was very confortable)for my sister to sleep on. We had a kitchen with a dishwasher and everything, and the other bedroom had a king size bed, a fold out couch, a full size bathroom, and a smaller kitchen. They had coffee for you to make and clean coffee cups. My husband and I slept in the big room, my sister slept on the fold out couch, and my dad and step mom slept in the other room, and we never had a problem with hot water. My husband, I, and my sister arrived late(about 11:00pm), but we called ahead and informed them that my father would be checking-in earlier in the day. They had no problem with that and he got right into the room. The best thing about the Hilton is that you don't have to walk threw a casino to get to your room. There is no wating for an elevator or running to people on your way. You walk in the door and can go right up to your room. The casino is about a minute walk. One suggestion that I have is if you are wanting a taxi just allow yourself enough time to walk over to the casino to get one. You can call for one to be sent over, but they don't always come. We had no problem walking over to get one. It was beautiful weather and we enjoyed every minute of it. My little sister went down to the pool before getting ready for her wedding in our room and she loved it. It was a nice size and very clean. They had a little grociery store/deli for you to get food and snacks at. If you went over to the casino you could charge drinks our dinner back to your room, and the taxi rides were not very expensive for where we went (we went all the way out to the Palms and Freemont St).We all had the time of our lives, and really enjoyed staying at the Hilton.	
Feb 28 2006	Hotel was just ok	I booked last minute on their website and received an AAA rate for one night of 136.00 on a Saturday night stay. I arrived early and had no problems checking in early(2pm).I rode the CLS shuttle to the HLVC for $10 round trip. The hotel is far from the strip but the monorail is just a short walk. My room was on the 5th floor with a pool/parking deck/mountain view. I had a king size bed with a kitchenette. If I have one complaint about the room it would be the cleanliness. The trash under the sink was not emptied from the previous guest and there was a used condom in there! Also, the refrigerator door, on the outside looked like it could use a good scrubbing. The dishes found in the cabinet had dried food on the plates.They have a nice sitting room near the lobby with a pool table.The room has a safe (free of charge). I took the monorail down to the strip and had a ball! It was just an ok hotel in my opinion.This was my first trip to Vegas. (I stayed at the Harrah's my second night). I will post that review as well.	
Jan 14 2006	Great place with a small "but ..."	The HGVC is a fine resort with excellent faclilties, and ideally located to share the facilities of the Hilton Hotel next door - including the monorail to travel The Strip. However, due to our travel agent's lack of knowledge (and our own inexperience), 4 of us (Mum, Dad and 2 teenagers) were squeezed into a tiny studio apartment which left hardly any floor space.It was bearable as we spent most of the time out of the room anyway being tourists (except for the 14 year old who couldn't tear herself away from the 72 TV channels some days!).So we had a good time. You will too if you make sure to get room/apartment/suite which meets your needs.	
Jan 10 2006	Another great stay at the HGVC	It's been awhile since we have stayed at this HGVC at the LV Hilton and there have been some nice upgrades to the property. There have been new bedspreads, and reupholstered furniture put in the suites, making them more colorful. It also has the new Hilton Suite Dreams bed by Serta, which is very nice, plus the new Crabtree &amp; Evelyn bath amenities and the new Hilton Clock radio. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. Great location to travel about Vegas by car. If you travel here and expect to be in the center of the action you will be disappointed, for that you will need to stay at the HGVC at the Flamingo. But if you are in Vegas to relax, visit family or on business it is a very convenient location.	
Jan 2 2006	Very good stay!	My wife and I stayed at HGVC at The Las Vegas Hilton from Dec. 18 - 25. It was a very pleasant stay. The property is new. We received a 2 bedroom unit (?) which didn't bothered us since it has a large living room with a sofa bed, one queen bed in a master room with a bath and a king bedroom. Our bedroom had a king size bed with a large tub with jacuzzi..!! Everything from the bedrooms to the kitchenette was in excelent condition. We really reccomend to stay here. However, keep in mind that this hotel is not on the strip and a rental car is very useful...regarding the staff, they were very kind and helpful, specially at their Deli where we tried their sandwiches. The only thing I didn't like was the check out time which I think is too early (10 am) for Vegas. We also got to see the other HGVC on the strip, which has a not so good location. It is next to the Circus Circus...	
Nov 4 2005	Excellent value for the money	We ended up at the Hilton Grand vacations las vegas after the Hilton at Cancun was blown off the map by Wilma! We weren't sure what to expect as we had made the booking very quickly. We were given a wonderful room on the top floor with great view over Vegas. The bed was large and comforTable. The lounge was great and we had a kitchen and laundry facilities thrown in too. It was lovely to be able to wash our clothes ourselves. The bathroom was great with a double vanity and shower and there was a seperate spa hot tub in between the bedroom and the bathroom. We found the staff to be courteous and helpful. The in house store sells all the basics you need and their deli food was very nice though we ate on the strip most of the time. We would heartily recommend this hotel for someone wanting to stay just off the strip but a couple of minutes from the monorail.	
Sep 30 2005	Two Thumbs Up!	We stay at the Hilton 9/17 - 9/19 and were very pleased with our stay. We asked the check in lady if any upgrades to suites were available and she put us in a mini suite (no charge!) in the north tower that had a great view of the strip. The room was huge and very clean and nice. The bathroom was very nice and had a huge tub with jets and another separate shower. We thought it might be inconvenient to stay off the strip but the monorail worked out great for us...took us everywhere we wanted to go. Only time we had to take a cab was when we went to dinner at the Palms (dinner at Nine and drinks at Ghost bar -highly recommend both!!). Had the brunch buffet at the hotel on Sunday morning. I would rate it as below average compared to the others I have eaten at hotels on the strip. Food was fine but the variety was lacking. Overall we had a great stay!	
Aug 6 2005	what a great place!!!!!	We stayed at the HiltonGrand vacation Club inLas Vegas on Karen St.We were very pleased with everything.The staff was friendly,service was excellent and the hotel was clean and with nice ambiance.It was a quiet retreat from all the hustle and bustle of the casino.Truly a nice place to relax and be pampered.I give this hotel two thumbs up.I like to thank my sister-in-law for giving us this gift to stay at this nice resort.Joy,Rick and Mike of NJ	
Jul 4 2005	Great place to stay!	This is the 4th year in a row that we have stayed at the HGVC to celebrate a family 21st birthday party. I can't say enough about how great the accomodations are...we have always stayed in a studio condo, but several other family members have stayed in the two bedroom suites. We had a luxurious king size bed and a queen sleeper sofa for our two kids. The tiny utility kithen fit our needs perfectly for our weekend trip. The bathroom is also spacious with plenty of towels for 4!! The staff is helpful and friendly. The deli is open at very convenient hours and has great food made to order and wonderful coffee and even vanilla lattes!! The pool is good sized and a lot of fun and the cocktails at the outdoor bar are wonderful!! The mango-peach slushy thingee with alcohol in it is fantastic in the 100 degree heat...our kids loved playing pool in the lobby guest area. It's nice and quiet -very different from some of the Vegas area hotels! The two room suites are wonderful and have a big living room, dining room and full kitchen. Of cuorse, we did get a great rate ($49 for three nights) with points, but let me tell you, it was well worth it! The close parking, privacy, cleanliness, hospitality and excellent service always makes this a memorable trip! Even if our kids are 21+ now and really don't like sharing the queen couch....but it's a free room for them in Vegas, and they don't spend much time in the room at night...and they get to hang out with the family! Oh also the monorail is within a 5 minute walk. I highly recommend the 10 rides for $20 that can be shared among several people. Easy and cheap way to get downtown with no designated driver! Just remember they stop service at 2AM.	
Jun 21 2005	Excellent accomodations	My wife and I stayed here the week of June 12 on an RCI exchange (timeshare). The facilities are excellent and the staff was helpful and friendly. The location is just north of the Las Vegas Hilton and a coupon book was included. The monorail stops at the Hilton and the Sahara, both nearby. We opted for a rental car, based on the weekly cost, and more flexibility.We had a two bedroom unit which was luxurious and spacious with a view to the west toward the Strip. That view has been obstucted by the Turnbury Condominiums (the fourth is now under contruction).We will definitely stay here again in the future.	
Apr 19 2005 	Great stay	Everything was great from start to finish in this hotel. Check-in was speedy, room was very nice, view of mountains great, room service prompt. The addition of the mono-rail is imperative as the trolly ride to the strip was endless due to the number of people and stops made. Would definately return.	
Mar 3 2005	Coulldn't have been better!	I researched far and wide for a suite in Vegas, and we ended up selecting the HGVC Hilton Las Vegas. We rented a 2 bedroom suite for the 4 of us, my sister, niece and babysitter, and we were more than comfortable! Perfect location for families looking for a suite with kitchen, washer dryer and all the amenities needed in the room. The monorail was in test mode, so we were not able to take advantage of that, but will this year. Best of all, it was a little over $700 for the week!!! How can you beat that? As for the Hilton Rewards guys comments, he was obviously looking for handouts, which you will not find here. Highly recommend!	
Mar 1 2005	No place for a Hilton Honors Member	I recently booked a room at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Las Vegas Hilton. I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member and I used a honors rewards coupon for one night at the Hotel. My first problem with the hotel is that they are not found on any information at the airport, so it was very difficult to locate (as there are two hotels relatively close to each other). I ended up going to the wrong hotel and vallet parking my vehicle only to find out I had to pick up and go to another location. When I finally arrived at the other hotel, they had jumbled records of my reservation and they had absolutely no clue about Hilton Honors coupons. So I spent 35 minutes at the front desk while the night manager tried to contact the day manager to find out if this coupon was valid. After all of this I asked if I could borrow a cable for the internet connection and they told me it would be $5 (insult to injury). Furthermore, the HGVC is supposed to offer a free Deli voucher for breakfast to Hilton Diamond members and this never happened and at that point I was afraid to ask with the turnaround time on answers. There was a box of chocolate truffles and two bottled waters on the desk when I finally made it to my room. It would have been a nice gesture except for the fact that the chocolates were addressed to another hotel guest. Did I eat them anyway? Yes. Do I feel like I was a valued Hilton Honors Member? Absolutely not. Will I ever, voluntarily, stay at a HGVC again? No way. The rooms are spacious and clean. The TV remotes didn't function properly. Definitely not worth the 40,000 points required to stay there. That is why the Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Las Vegas Hilton is no place for a Hilton Honors member.	
Feb 12 2005	Great bang for the buck 	We stayed at the HGVC in December 2004. We rented a two-bedroom unit (which was a 1-bedroom unit w/a door that opened into a studio suite for the second bedroom). We got the 2-bedroom unit for one week for $600+ for the week through Ice Gallery w/no trade-in! Couldn't beat the price!  I would never rent a suite from HGVC as it was very small and had only a partial kitchen. However, the 1-bedroom unit was very nice. Everything in there was new... new furniture, tile floors, linens, etc. The unit had a full kitchen and a washer &amp; dryer, too. Very nice... would definitely rent a 1-bedroom from there.  We didn't spend a lot of time in the room but it was certainly nice to come back to in the evenings. The resort seemed very quiet when we were there... the community rooms had some older teens playing pool and that was about it. The pool/spa was empty... probably just too darned cold outside!  Staff was very friendly/nice and other than the one voicemail message that they left on our phone re: attending a 'presentation', we weren't bothered by them at all. The deli had some delicious items that we purchased last minute... it was pretty tasty, although expensive, but that was to be expected.  All in all, it made for a very nice 'base camp' while in Vegas. Very clean, nicely appointed room, and a very quiet place to come back to. I didn't miss the clanging of the slot machines at night at all !  We would definitely recommend renting a car to make it really easy to get to the strip from HGVC. 	
Feb 6 2005	***Hilton Rocks!!!***	We stayed at the 2-Bedroon Suite at the HGVC at the Las Vegas Hilton from December 19-22, 2004. The suite was absolutely immaculate, extremely spacious, well-decorated and tastefully finished. It had a supersized California king bed in one room (I think Shaq could even fit in it); a very spacious master bath; and a relaxing jacuzzi tub. The other room had a full-sized bed and a living room set (w/ a pullout sofa if you need it), and a bar/kitchenette. The second room can be a self-contained, well-decorated studio suite by itself. The main kitchen was well-equipped and complete (except no coffee- the only minor drawback). Each room had a TV, and there was a big one in the main living room. Service at the front desk was great, smooth, and professional. We did not get hassled by any timeshare salespeople. It is best for those who have a car, but if there is none, it is a hop away to the monorail station at the Hilton Hotel next door. In all it would be very easy to recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 1 2005 	You can do better for the money	The hotel was OK, but for the money that you pay you can do better in Las Vegas. It relatively close to the Las Vegas Convention Center, so if you there for a convention it is OK. However, there are alot better hotels for the price.	
Jan 3 2005	Glad we stayed here.	We had reservations to stay at another property for 3 nights, which was one of those super cheap, $39 a nights. We booked the last 2 nights here at the Hilton, so we could at least have something booked that we could trust. Thank goodness we did not stay all nights at the Budg-O-Motel. Our big mistkae was not to book all nights at the Hilton Grand. Our room was like a large aprtment, and had lots of luxuries we did not expect. It had a big whirlpool tub, and a seperate shower. The kitchen was big and had everything in it to cook with . There is a VCR and we rented a movie in the deli on the first floor to watch in our room. We felt very spoiled, and tried to forget the previous 3 nights. This place is a must visit. It is also walkable to the LV Hilton, nextdoor, where you can do the Star Trek experience. Pretty Cool.	
Oct 28 2004	sorry to disagree with all the good reviews...	I just finished my stay at the Hilton grand vacation on Karen avenue. Let's get right to the problems:1. My plane was an hour late - sitting on the runway...after traveling all day, I was informed that my room was GIVEN AWAY due to overbooking. After much complaining, I was finally given a temporary room that smelled so badly of cigarrette smoke, I woke up with a headache and stuffed nose.2. I am now missing one article of clothing, a leather purse, and another personal item - all were in my room when I first arrived.3. My trash was never emptied and dirty soap was left in my room - of course that was before the theft at which time I had to make sure that no one would come in my room and I had to put the 'do not disturb' sign on my door.4. I was told by the concierge that I needed 24 hours notice for airport shuttle even though the brochure in the room said that you only needed two hours notice. I subseqently called the airport shuttles and got a shuttle - no problem- 3 hours in advance of my departure.5. I will never stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 18 2004	Small yet Personable HGVC 7.25.04	First, I shall say thank you,merci beaucoup, danke schonn, obrigado, and gracias to the entire staff at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club FOR MAKING MY WELL NEEDED VACATION A REAL VACATION. We (two 17 yrs old boys and my friend) arrived at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club two hours before check-in. The receptionists was polite and professional and directed my three guests and myself to a clean comfortable and well air-conditioned lounge area. The bell captain promptly took our bags to the holding area while we enjoyed drinks by the pool. Our rooms were ready within an hour. The adjoining queen bdrms rooms with a full kitchen,lvrm, dining area and washer\dryer were provided as requested from the initial search. Big cozy and new like furniture was throughout the suite. The bonus was the pool view from the 8th floor.The Hilton Grand Vacation Club at 455 Karen Avenue is away from the strip( approx 15 minutes by cab- $15) The walk to the monorail is about 3 minutes costing $3.00 one way or $5.00 rtp. I suggest you pack a suitcase with favorite foods,libations, snacks and soap powder. The little store in the hotel have variety but some things are expensive.Spectacular sunsets, and beautiful views of the mountains, city lights, Stratosphere, Circus Circus, No slots available here but The Las Vegas Hilton is right next door (2min walk).	
Aug 10 2004	A Very Good Value	Just spent four nights in a one bedroom suite and we were really pleased with this place as it had everything we wanted: a good full-size kitchen with settings and cookware for 4, a quiet environment overall (ie. no slots in the lobby), an excellent king-size bed, jacuzzi soaking tub, en suite washer/dryer etc. Really a complete apartment. Eating and everything else in Vegas has gotten much more expensive in recent years so if you have special dietary needs or want to save your bucks for the games then this can be a good value. The place was clean, service was good and it's a 2-minute walk from the main Hilton and all its activities including a monorail stop. We won't even consider another place on our next trip to crazy town.	
Jul 5 2004	comfortable	Nice place, very clean and comfortable. Deli only and no room service. Decent food at the deli-sandwiches, salads, etc. Hotel was fairly quiet (which is good to us) Monday through Thursday and alot more noise by Friday (fourth of July weekend). Small pool but attractive landscaping. We used it (the pool) in the morning before 10:30 AM and were usually the only people actually in the pool. A couple people poolside smoking away which is unfortunate but Las Vegas is not for nonsmokers. There is a small health club room with a couple of treadmills and a universal type weight machine-adequate not fabulous but at least it did not cost 25.00 per day to use it. There is also a small red path/track that goes around the HGVC hotel. I would recommend renting a car until they get the monorail up and running as the hotel is off of the strip by several blocks and is on the northern end by the Stratosphere. The Las Vegas Hilton is about a quarter of a mile away and you walk through a parking lot/garage to get there. I guess you can use the pool there but it was quite crowded and noisy-we prefer a more peaceful atmosphere. Several restaurants and casino are available at this Las Vegas Hilton. By the way, don't confuse this with the Flamingo Hilton-that is on the strip not too far from the Aladdin. There is another I guess brand new HGVC hotel on the strip that I heard was quite nice. At least four Hilton type establishments on or near the strip. Very confusing initially.For those of you who like white noise-they have a good fan system and it was pretty quiet in the rooms at night otherwise.	
Jun 23 2004	Very Pleased	I agree with everyone who says that the location of the HGVC is inconvenient. However, we rented a car since parking everywhere on the strip is free and the car price was only $28 per day. Otherwise, our 2-bedroom suite was beautiful, and the pool area was nice. We were able to walk over to the Las Vegas Hilton to use their restaurant and casino facilities when we didn't feel like making the trek to the strip. Besides the location, we were very happy with our stay. We enjoyed being able to come back to our room away from the strip to relax.	
Jun 15 2004	Being OFF the strip is a big disadvantage!!	You will need a car or you'll have alot of walking to do!! We thought by being &quot;just off the strip&quot; would be advantageous but we found it to be a total pain!!. We will opt to be ON the strip whenever we travel to Las Vegas again. It may look to be a short distance to the strip but it's a LONG walk in 100 degree weather!!	
Jun 3 2004	Nice 	We stayed at the HGVC at the LV Hilton in April of 2004 for a weekend. The suites are nice, and a great value! We paid around $160 per night for a 1 bedroom suite (compared to hotels on the strip where suites go for $350-500 per night). We generally stay in suites at 4 and 5 star hotels, so we're used to great service, superb rooms, etc. The staff was great- very friendly and more than eager to help. The big downer about this property is that is just not a convenient location. It is a $10-15 cab ride to everything... and its not the expense that's a bummer, but the hassle. You can't walk ANYWHERE from here. If you don't mind waiting around for the monorail, you're in luck, but we're a little more princessy than that. :-) And although there's never a cab line, there's also never a cab waiting. You have to call for one. Also, the pool at the HGVC is tiny and unimaginative. You can use the pool at the LV Hilton, but we didn't go there, so I can't comment on it. Next time we'll book earlier and stay at the HGVC at the Flamingo Hilton. Great deal, lots of space, much better location.	
May 11 2004	Fabulous but no family friendly	Our trip was in late April of 2004. We had an incredible two bedroom that was very comfortable and very nice. The staff that we encountered were wonderful except for the concierge. The HGVC's book states that &quot;Regardless of your request, you will most likely find that the Concierge Staff can offere assistance with virtually any arrangements.&quot; This was one of the two very disappointing piece of our vacation. We were ignored by the concierge staff and not helped in the slightest. One example was when we requested information about a boat trip on Lake Mead we were told the the brochures were in the corner. Disappointed but not willing to give up, I specifically asked about her making reservations for us and she said there was a number in the brochure. The second of two disappointing pieces of our vacation was on Saturday. A fraternity was there for thier formals. The pool side was full of underage drinking, groping and fondling, foul language to an extreme, and broken glass. This was next to people with children...families. I was so glad my daughter was not with us. I was surprised with HGVC that they didn't attempt to tone down the fraternity college kids at all. I really enjoyed my trip, but I wouldn't call it a family place, and I would not expect to use the concierge staff.	
Apr 14 2004	Me Too	I want to add my voice to those who really liked this place. At this hotel, you are away from all the noise and smoke. The pool is great. A resturant on site would have been nice and it was hard to make a left-hand turn out of the parking lot. Overall, however, I would highly recommend staying here. This was my wife's favorite place we've stayed in Las Vegas.	
Mar 26 2004	Wow	Extraordinary. What more can I say. It had everything you could possibly want need or use. I stayed in the one bedroom suite. there isn't a need to talk about all the amenities, because every post before this one has done an excellent job already. I do want to add that our suite had a washer+dryer in it which was cool. I guess our only disappointment was a resort this grand should have a shuttle to the strip. I have also stayed at the Bellagio,The Orleans, Westgate Flamingo Bay Condo, but when I return to Vegas I'll stay again at H.G.V.C.	
Mar 26 2004	Absolutely Fabulous!!	After staying in numerous places in Las Vegas, and various timeshares in the US and the Carribean, I have to say this is absolutely the best of all! Most definitely an incredible value!! What an incredible view, just a block off the strip so it was your choice to be part of the hustle and bustle crowd or relax away from it. Quaint deli in the lobby, pool table, TV lounge, and very nice, clean pool area. All employees were friendly and made every effort to accomodate our requests. We had a 2 bedroom which consisted of a 1 bedroom unit with attached studio, would comfortably sleep 8, a nice kitchen and addt'l kitchenette, 3 tv's, washer/dryer, great jacuzzi tub in master, beautifully decorated. Remember this a time share, and compare accordingly. While you may not have the gourmet room service, you gain a home away from home where you can be very comfortable and have anything you want nearby.	
Mar 18 2004	it is the best hotel in vegas	this hotel was awsome. i stayed in the 1bedroom suite. this thing had a spa bathtub, a sleeper sofa &quot;in a living room&quot;, kitchen &quot;i mean a real kitchen&quot; and last but not least a master bedroom. i went when it first opened in nov,2003. i got the suite for only 119.00 a night. you'll never see that agian but it is still low priced. if you just wanna have fun and come back and relax this is the place. it would really be worth it if you brought along 3-4 people.	
Mar 12 2004	Good Hotel	Good Hotel with very nice rooms. The are spacious, and have large kitchens, which is a nice surprise. Not much in the way of dining, but we walked next door to the Las Vegas Hilton, so that worked. If you don't mind a couple minute walk then you are fine. No room service here though. Nice pool area. Very comfortable.	
Feb 26 2004	Great value at Hilton Grand Vacation Club on Karen Ave.		
Feb 4 2004 	Great Condo Near the Convention Center		
Jan 21 2004	Great Suite... Best Value I've seen in LV yet		
Jan 14 2004	Can't beat this place		
Dec 29 2003	Nice for the price!		
Oct 30 2003	it was OK		
Sep 24 2003	Very Very nice quiet comfortable and big rooms!		
Sep 15 2003	Great place to stay		
Jun 18 2003	Nicest Suite in LV		
May 29 2003	Wonderful addition to the Hilton properties		
May 29 2003	vakantie Las Vegas		
Oct 29 2008 	??????????????		
