Aug 5 2008 	Not bad for a business class hotel	Stayed 4 out of 5 days at this hotel while travelling in group of 4. Only reason we didn't stay the first day was because our flight was cancelled. Comfortable and large rooms. Stayed here to stay out of hotel casinos. Only drawbacks were teh ppol, which was shallow and tiny and distance from the &quot;strip&quot;. Staff quite accomodating and pleasant to interact with. Would not stay again for vacation, but if I ever needed to go there on business, I would definately put this on my list.	
May 20 2008	Just Vile	What a place! The staff are some of the rudest I have ever encountered on front desk, the whole hotel smells foul and trust me, you wouldn`t want to walk bare foot on the carpet! The rooms are very dated and the furnishings poor! The bathrooms are dingy and the air ventilator is so noisy you cant have it on!I guess you get what you pay for but surely there has to be a minimum standard? Take my advice and do not stay here, it`s the pits!	
May 6 2008 	AVOID THE ATRIUM SUITES during reconstruction	I stayed at the Atrium Suites the weekend of April 25-27 and got the hotel through Hotwire, overpaying at $75 a night. The room was adequate on the par of Motel 6. Visit their website and view the virtual tour of the suite. The hotel is under major reconstruction. It is a Y shaped hotel with the two major north and south wings closed off. Only the small east wing or bottom of the Y is open. This wing is closest to Paradise Road and the rooms are above the lobby and auto entrance to the hotel. There are only 8 rooms to a floor in this wing. Surprisingly, the room was pretty quiet for most of the weekend. There was little traffic noise on Paradise and very little noise from the landing airliners, Friday and Saturday nights. Then on Sunday morning, the airplanes at McCarren starting taking off in a different direction. The hotel was then right underneath the takeoff pattern. I did not need a wake up call that morning!With so few rooms open, the restaurant was closed during my stay and the swimming pool was drained and filled with construction debris. If there was a fitness center, I could not find it with so many hallways boarded up. There was construction dust and grime in the public areas. Dirty fingerprints on the elevator walls, doors and control panel. They were never cleaned on Friday or Saturday. On Sunday morning as I was leaving, there was a guy finally cleaning the elevator, just in time for the construction workers on Monday. On the back of the bathroom door, bedroom door, and the suite door, there were grimy sets of fingerprints from countless number of guests. The bed linens were nice and soft, because they were so old from countless number of washings. There was no bellhop to assist with luggage. I never saw any one from housekeeping during my three days there. If all you need is a room, then this hotel might be okay, but not $75 a night with no swimming pool. It is not a three star or two star. I am really disgusted with Hotwire. I complained to them, but they refused to discuss the issue.	
Apr 1 2008 	Might be a good deal but consider what you want	With all things- consider what you want and what you are willing to pay.I got a great rate on this hotel (albeit the trip was in June 07) via hotwire.com- so clearly I was picking this hotel blind. What I wanted: a great price- and just a comfy ok room and a place with a pool. I'm not a gambler, was traveling alone, and was on a quickie &quot;meet and greet&quot; trip for a group of other families. What I liked: The rooms are small but decent suites. The hotel was a NON gambling hotel- so it was quiet and offbeat. The location wasn't on strip but wasn't too far off- and it is adjacent to the Hard Rock Hotel (if you want to visit the Hard Rock Cafe that makes it convient). The price was great ($57? a night). The overall property is small (ok, tiny by vegas resort standards but for normal hotels, just &quot;small&quot;). It did have some nice pluses- a bar there, room service, and a restaurant. The pool is small, but at the time I was there - there weren't many guests. We ordered room service once- it was pricey but the portions were pretty good. Hint- there's a Longs Drugs across the street- get your groceries/sundries there! The room: Size was ok- smallish but comfy. Honestly, it was looking aged. The AC did NOT work- so on a 100 degree day walking into a warm room was disappointing. I had plans to head right back out after getting in- and I had to wait for 45 mins for room keeping to send the guy in- only to figure out it needed a whole new unit. Unfortunately the new unit was barely any improvement and it was *loud*. The bedrooms have a separate double door which was nice- you could keep it open or close it off. The King bed was comfy. If you are very picky- you might want to pick a suite elsewhere- the hotel and room were clean but the room had things here and there- couch worn. Oh- and my roomate used the sofa bed. They were HORRIBLE even for sofas beds. Unless you are planning on putting very unpicky kids on the sofa bed- it really was *that bad* that I could NOT have slept on it. I don't know how she tolerated it! The rooms do have a fridge, and table w/chairs but that was about it as far as a kitchenette went.The internet never did work for my PC- something about the firewall- it just wasn't compatible. That was disappointing. They did refund me back the fee (I don't believe their website says that it costs $10 to access). The staff was ok. The free shuttle like a lot of hotels gets you TO the strip for free but you have to get your own way BACK so keep that in mind. Would I go back? Yes, I would- knowing an adult wouldn't sleep on the pull out bed, only if I got a another great rate, and if I need the bargain budget. In terms of space and size for what I paid it was defintitely well worth it but there were some snags.	
Feb 8 2008 	Very Disapointed	While I can see very nice future potential for this hotel, The Atrium Suites Hotel is undergoing a great deal of construction and that is an understatement. Our first room was missing partial insulation of the window frame so we needed to move. The phone didn't work and the room was in great need of TLC. The next room had dirty bed linens on the broken hide a bed. The gal at the front desk was very nice each time we talked to her but they gave us clean linens for us to make it up ourselves. The room was ice cold with a tiny heater for the entire suite. My husband and I ended up sleeping in jeans, a sweatshirt and socks just to stay warm. Our room had a fan in the bathroom that sounded like a dying animal. In the morning, I noticed an outside entrance that was not secured by a lock due to the construction? and was secured with yellow caution tape.  Again to reiterate, the hotel is really under construction....just just a wing....not just one floor....(because we were on both the 2nd and 3rd floor)....but the place looks like a construction zone we just happened to &quot;crash&quot; at. Had we not arrived so late with a tired toddler and her mother from the airport, we would have called Hotwire customer care and begged for a different place to stay. Again, I see potential but they have no business charging for rooms there until the hotel is renovated, up and running. It doesn't even deserve a 2 star let alone a 3 plus. I booked this room through Hotwire and have notified them of my concerns. My kudos to the gal at the front desk. She was the bright spot in our stay.	
Jan 25 2008 	It is OK	The Atrium Suites is under MAJOR remodeling. There were very few rooms even open when I stayed there. The suite I had was clean, but the hallways were quite dusty due to the large amount of construction. The staff people were all very nice and very helpful. The location is not too bad. PF Chiangs is next door and the Hard Rock is on the other side. There are other services within walking distance. ( CVS and other restaurants) It is not a bad walk to the Strip, if you enjoy a nice walk. It is very quiet, which is a bonus in Vegas. I didn't have a car, but the parking was plentiful and free. The restaurant has limited hours at this time. I did move to the Belliago for the weekend. Now that was VERY NICE!	
Aug 26 2007 	Horrendous	We booked a room for one night in that hotel because we were to participate in a nightime marathon and were getting a group rate (which with hindsight was worse than rates at much nicer hotels). The first problem arose when we tried to call for directions because we were lost. The call went straight to an outsourced indian service and they had no idea where the place was. When we tried to ring the front desk instead repeatedly, the phone was always busy. We finally found the place without their help. Because the marathon finished in the morning, the race director had arranged for free late check out with the manager who was around during the week or so we thought. When we got there, the first thing we noticed was the bad smell pervasing all the common areas and the room too. Also the antiquated furniture etc.. but the worst part was that they denied us the late checkout, even though it was clearly needed because we were going to be back from the race in the morning after being up all night. The staff was extremely unpleasant and uncooperative. We had to threaten them with several complaints but to no avail. They finally called the weekend manager who apparently does not communicate with the week manager and denied the late check out too. In order to notify us of that last conversation, they did not ring the room phone, but instead left a message directly. Nice. When we realized that the message was there, we went back downstairs and let them know that we were going to check out late no matter what, and that if they were going to try to charge us extra, we would contest the entire cherge with the cc company. After this nice conversation, we had to concentrate on the race, after ordering something to be delivered to the room from one of the menus in there. The phone number on one of the menus did not seem to work, so I called the reception to get a confirmation of the phone number, but the person on the phone replied curtly that they didn't have the number... once the race was over, we came back around 10am, completely exhausted. While we were trying to get some sleep, they called repeatedly at the regular check out time (noon) to get us to check out. We had to take the phone off the hook. at the end, perhaps because they realized they had &quot;crossed&quot; the line, they did not charge for the extra 2 hours, but what a miserable experience.I have stayed at very nice places in Vegas for about half the price. I cannot imagine why anyone would stay there.	
Aug 19 2007	In need of TLC	Public space are fine, our 2nd floor room was in need of major refurbishment. Old furniture, wholes in doors, cracked sink, dripping shower head, badly patched wholes in walls and frade carpets	
Aug 1 2007	Loved the stay - contrary to the other reviews I read	I had read a lot of reviews about this place and was very skeptical when I got this hotel through HOtwire, but I had a genuinly good experience with the hotel. Probably I didnt have too many expectations from it also, since mine was a short 2 day stay, but I got a great room on the 6th floor with a fantastic view of the strip, got a great rate through hotwire, really clean King suit and nice clean bathrooms. I normally dont expect any more from a hotel than cleanliness. Check in was a breeze and so was chek out. Location of the place is really good, its not exactly on the strip but a couple blocks away, so you dont pay the premium in the price for staying on the strip. There is an albertsons close by (about a mile-2miles away) and the front desk provided me detailed directions to it. Overall had a very pleasent stay, and enjoyed the experience. Would definately visit again.	
Jul 31 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	Me and a friend were looking for a hotel on Hotwire last minute around 9pm to stay in because everywhere was sold out. Hotwire gave a rate for a hotel (they dont tell you the name until you pay for it) for 80 bucks...it was the cheapest we could get so we took it. Turned out to be Atrium.I was expecting it to be a regular hotel room ( we were staying at the Riviera earlier but check out). But it was a one bedroom suite and everything was clean, sharp, and smell nice. The beds were very comfortable and the staff was great. Its also nice that its right next to the Hard Rock Hotel!	
Jul 4 2007 	needs some tlc	Bad smells, as others have mentioned. The room was in disrepair - obviously overdue for new carpeting in particular.The magnifying mirror/light was broken.Tub didn't drain while I took my shower - found myself standing in the water up to my ankles.Non-smoking room, but strong smell of smoke seems to come through the air conditioniong system.The staff was friendly and helpful - though they seemed overwhelmed by all the customer complaints.We had just come from a nicer hotel, so this was a bit hard to deal with. I didn't feel comfortable walking around the room barefoot, which isn't a good sign. But for people with lower expectations, who are not so picky about cleanliness, it might be fine.	
May 31 2007 	Stinksof Smoke	We were trying to book the Tuscany Suites (around the corner) thru Hotwire. We asked Hotwire in advance if the Tuscany was one of &quot;their&quot; hotels..&quot;Yes&quot;Anyway, we ended up at the Atrium &quot;suites&quot;1. We booked over 2 months in advance but when I called the hotel (after getting the &quot;surprise&quot; from Hotwire) and asked for a NON-SMOKING room, I was advised they didnt have any available...TWO MONTHS in advance. They said they'd TRY to get me a NS room but they didnt try hard enough I guess. As soon as we got off the elevator on the 5th floor, we could smell stale cigarette smoke..this stink followed us everywhere on the 5th floor..right into the room and bed. 2. The &quot;suite&quot; aspect is over rated. its like a regular hotel room except they've squeezed in a wall to separate off the bedroom..part of it is a 45 degree slant which chops the main portion of the room way down. Theres a table &amp; 2 chairs in that part and Two people can't walk around in that part at the same time.We visited friends at the Tuscany suites..MUCH nicer, non smoking and huge rooms.3. Oh, by the way, we stayed in $ 39 and $ 49 motels enroute to Vegas. They all had free internet. Atrium advertises High speed internet but when I tried to connect from our room, it didnt work. I called the front desk and found out that the Do have internet..but its NOT free. They want $ 10.00 a day ! What a rip off ! Never again.	
Apr 17 2007 	No hot water	My wife and I plus 2 kids, aged 8 &amp; 11, spent three nights at the Atrium Suites Las Vegas in April 2007. We had booked a twin queen room. When we got there they only had a single king room so the kids slept on the sofa bed. The checkin lady told us that our booking on the internet is only a request and is therefore not guaranted.The second night we went to have showers at about 7:00pm and no hot water. We rang the front desk and the maintenance department got back to us and told us that there would be hot water in about five miniutes. About 30 minutes later the water was OK. On the third night the same thing. At about 8:30pm, the maintenance man came to our room to tell us there is a problem with the boiler and it was now OK and we would have hot water in about 10 minutes. Two hours later the kids went to bed dirty and the parents had cool showers. When we told the reception at check out the next morning she didn't care.My advice, stay somewhere else. There is plenty of accomodation in Lad Vegas.	
Mar 8 2007	Not impressed...	Let me start by saying I've stayed in many hotels in Vegas as I do a lot of business there. I've stayed in hotels like Palace Station, Sahara, Excalibur, Luxor, Flamingo, Tropicana, Venetian, Treasure, Monte Carlo, and The Wynn. As well as many non-casino time-share hotels and chain hotels. Booked this hotel as I was on a business trip, but brought along my wife and baby daughter. Front desk staff was friendly. Took elevator up to, I believe 4th floor, where my room was located. As soon as we got off the elevator, there was a horrible sulphur-like smell in the halls. Ok. Not going to hang out in the halls, so not a huge deal. However, the smell lingered in the hotel for the whole we week we were there. Got to our room, and there was an awful smell of cheap cologne in the room. It was really gross and unbearable. We called the front desk, and changed rooms.The second room smelled a little better, but a bit like cigarettes. The rooms look very &quot;cheesy&quot; and feel dirty. The carpet is dirty and you will get the old &quot;black socks&quot; if you walk around the room for a while. The couch was a bit grimy and old. The lighting in the rooms is horrible. The rooms need a serious upgrade/makeover.I can't remember if the internet connection was working or if there was any at all. We bought a small hot pot to heat up baby food and bottles. It blew out the fuse in the living room area. There was no way to fix it that day, so they had to run an orange extension cord from the bedroom to the living room area until the next day.Seems like there are a lot of airline people staying here, as we saw many pilots and flight attendants. They must have a really good contract rate to stay here.I'm not in to casino hopping, but it is near the Hard Rock. However, Paradise Rd is somewhat of a seedy area off the strip.I would not recommend this hotel, and would not stay there again with all the other options at the same price or better in Vegas. Just feels like a dirty Vegas hotel off the strip. No idea how they got 3 stars compared to all the other 3-star hotels in Vegas.	
Nov 20 2006	GREAT HOSPITALITY	Atrium Suites has alot to offer many people. I came to just relax from my everyday work schedule. I didn't come to gamble but to relax. The staff was very courteous as well as catered to my every need. I enjoyed the view out of my room that I didn't even go out the first night I was there. The view of the sky was an array of baby blue and pink. It was gorgeous. As night fell the colors of the surrounding taller buildings lit the sky. I checked out the hotel later the next day to see what they had to offer. The room was clean and neat. The colors in the room were very color coordinated in teal green and maroon. Very welcoming, the only thing missing was french doors instead of regular hard doors to the bedroom. I ate in the restaurant area and the food was great and hot as expected. I also ordered room service the last night I was there. Much better than I expected and worth the cost. The hotel was very quiet at night so you could get a good nights sleep. The bathroom didn't have a thing wrong with it. I guess you could say the whole stay was GREAT and I would definitely refer this hotel to others.	
Nov 9 2006 	Helpful beyond measure	I have to say that reading some of the reviews I wondered about my booking. However, the staff at this hotel were wonderful to me. Someone stole my wallet at the airport and I was stuck with no credit cards or access to my bank accounts. They worked with me to find a solution and they were at all times professional and gracious. I was impressed with the cleaning and food service staff as well and I enjoyed the meals that I ate while there. I wish that I could explain just how much their positive attitudes made my weekend the enjoyable experience that it was.	
Jul 9 2006	atrium suites are a-ok	We stayed at the Atrium Suites this past June. After having read past reviews we were expecting the worst. We were very happy with our rooms (3 parties). They were clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. The hotel is old but seemed to be in good shape. The pool was clean with clean towels provided, and never seemed to be crowded. The hotel is next door to Hard Rock Casino which has great rock and roll artifacts all over the walls that are worth seeing, but the casino caters to a very young, hip crowd. The Atrium suites was a good hotel for the price, very quiet, and the staff was very helpful. There is a shuttle to the airport and also one that takes you to the strip (one way). We woul consider staying there again.	
Feb 21 2006	Needs a little work Staff could be more helpful	I went during the Presidents weekend and got the room through hot wire. The location is ok, literally next door to the HardRock and down the street from Flamingo Road, where there's Restaurant Row (lots of nice restaurants) and down the street from the Terribles casino. There's also a strip mall walking distance either direction, where you can get snacks, etc.One reason I did not rate this high was the service:Before leaving I called the hotel to reconfirm my room. They had me under a non smoking, King room. I asked to switch to a 2 bed room. Upon arrival the room never got changed, and the clerk told me that there's nothing they could do. I told the clerk that i spoke to a Carlos and she just apologized that nothing got changed in the computer, and that i was stuck with the King, non smoking room. She didn't even attempt to try to find a room with 2 beds, but she did say if I had a complaint to call back in a few days to speak to a manager... that meant after I checked out. Well, At least it was non-smoking room, so that was a blessing.The room did have a pull out sofabed, but it was lumpy and curved, so when you laid on it, you rolled to the middle of the bed. I felt the wires under my back, but fortunately I can sleep on nails, so it didn't bother me. I was glad that my friend had the king bed, but she said the bathroom kept her awake (see below)The room was somewhat clean, but my friend found left over debris (candy wrappers, food items, etc) on the floor from previous guests. Looks like housekeeping runs the vacuum over the room without really spot checking for the corners or under the bed. We had Room 305 which was dark, and even with the drapes pulled fully open, we had to use the lights. The room was a very small &quot;suite&quot;. When you walk in the door, to the left of the room was a wet bar/fridge and a table for 2. The coffee maker provided makes only 1 cup of coffee which wasn't that good. To the right of the minibar area was the sofa, a coffee table, a small desk (looks like with modem connection) and the TV. The room overlooked the pool area.To the left of the main door was the bathroom and a separated bedroom with the king bed, and a small area to store your luggage and hang your clothes. Not quite a closet (no doors) but a storage area with hangers. Almost like the kind they give you in motels.The bathroom was roomy, but the exhaust fan was loud! The leaver to activate the shower was broken so I had to use &quot;thumb power&quot; to activate the mechanism for the water to go from tub to use the shower.The hotel provided a shower cap, lotion, shampoo, and 2 kinds of soap (oatmeal and a facial soap) and large towels. The bathroom toilet must had a leak because every half hour or so, it would need to &quot;fill up&quot; again. So when sleeping, you would hear the toilet &quot;activate&quot;. My friend is a light sleeper and said it kept her up most the night. I did report the leak so hopefully someone will fix it.The room had 2 sinks. One in the bathroom and one in the bedroom, which was convenient to get ready. The sink in the bedroom had a hairdryer, which worked great!Someone posted that the walls were in sad shape. I had to agree. The wall facing the bed was faded, peeling and you can see a shadow where an old picture used to be. Rather than wall paper (ugly striped ones) the hotel could have just slapped in a fresh coat of paint. It would have lightened up the room. The carpet could be changed as well. It looked like after the Atrium took over the Crown Plaza, they didn't do any remodeling. The throw pillows on the bed still had the &quot;Cronwn Plaza&quot; logo/crest.Its not a bad place to stay if you get a good deal. There's so many competition in the area, that it would be easier to pay a few bucks more and get a better location.You should have a car if you stay here. Even though the hotel offers a shutle to the airport and the strip. They get you to the strip but not back to the hotel. AAlso, take Flamingo Rd to get to the hotel. Don't take the road coming from the airport. Paradise is one way that way, and you have to turn into University Las Vegas to pop in, turn into the UNLV area to pop out of Paradise. Its not difficult but it was out of the way. Plus, The opposing traffic makes it difficult to get into the hotel parking lot, and there's one way in, one way out of the hotel. If you do take the road where the airport is, turn on Kovel (?) Komel (?) then turn right on Flamingo, right on Paradise.Oh, if you dine late the restaurant has limited hours. I didn't dine there but I heard another guest asking for food. The restaurant closes at 8 pm. So if you want food, you will need to go next door to the Hard Rock, or to the other side, you'll find restaurant row about 1/2 block away.Side note: Someone posted about the waterfall in the lobby. Perhaps enough complaints were posted because it was turned off when I was there. The lobby was very peaceful and in the lobby was 2 computers to check your email, a huge vending machine selling items from juice, toiletries, to an Apple iPod!	
Jan 5 2006	An excellent hotel.	A lovely Hotel i would highly recommend anyone to stay here, the suites are very clean, large bedroom with an ample sitting area. The staff are very friendly and helpful.	
Nov 26 2005	Horrible!!!	I booked this hotel for my parents and I to stay in mainly for the fact that it had a wall seperating the living room and the bedroom. When we got in the service was very friendly but that was about the only positive part of the stay. When we got up to the room the first thing I noticed was that the door didn't close softly, it slammed loud enough to shake the walls and windows. Next I noticed that the couch and carpet looked and felt very grimy and the lounge chair had a big bleach stain on one side and a rip on the other. There were also a few holes in the walls where it looked like pictures had been hung and taken down. The sofa bed, when I pulled it out was missing a few springs so it sagged underneath the frame and it felt like I was sleeping on a slant. The person's TV next door was very noticeable from the living room and while I was reading a book, it sounded like my TV was on. The towel rack also fell while I was using it. The food in the cafe was horrible and when I special ordered a sandwich they didn't change anything. All in all this hotel is very beautiful from the lobby but the room we stayed in was horrible. It was a very low budget feeling hotel for a much higher budget price.	
Oct 25 2005	Needs some TLC	Waterfall in lobby made entire hotel smell of chlorine. Towels were laid out to sop up overspray from waterfall. Decor &amp; color scheme was very 80's. Room was clean enough. Couch was flat &amp; hard. Beds were fine. Staff was cheery, friendly and helpful. 3-min car ride to strip. OK suite if on a budget. Was nice when traveling with grandma &amp; both kids.	
Oct 23 2005	I enjoyed my stay	The location was great, staff very nice, room quiet and comfortable and I would recommend the hotel to anyone and will plan on staying there again during my next visit.	
Oct 20 2005	Never stay here again!	Just returned from stay at Atrium. Never again. Arrived a day late due to layover in L.A. Called from L.A. and told staff NOT to release room, would be arriving next day at 9 am. Upon arrival, staff indeed did release room. Manager came to desk - explained that no rooms were available, and my room was released due to me being &quot;no show.&quot; Refused to refund money- was told &quot;Hotwire has your money,&quot; even though room booked month earlier. No record of my phone call. Only after making a huge scene and threatening to call president of hotel, did manager magically produce room. Room was average; comfortable bed. General condition of hotel dirty. Saw several room service trays outside of rooms for several hours; had to tell front desk to remove tray from floor of room next to mine. Horrible smell of sewage in stairwell. Iron was broken-staff replaced with another defective iron. Calling card did not work from room phone. No volume on ESPN on TV in room. Went down to bar to watch game on ESPN-was told bar does not get ESPN. Two different vending machines were defective. If you are considering staying here, PLEASE reconsider.	
Oct 11 2005	Great stay at the Atrium Suites	My son and I stayed at the Atrium Suites for a vacation of four days while in LV. Comfortable bed, quiet room (amazing given the proximity of the airport), good service, and very fair rates. I will not hesitate to return.	
Oct 10 2005	Good Value	We found the Atrium Sutes comfortable and spacious enough for us and our two year old. Our room and the hotel were clean and the staff very friendly and helpful. I was a bit leary due to one reviewer who complained of mold. Thankfully, there was none in our room as I am allergic. The bed was no doubt the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in for the price ($90/night through Hotwire). My only complaint was a very noisy AC and lack of a microwave. Thankfully, the AC was in the living room so it really didn't bother us at night. Also, location was very convenient, only minutes from the strip. The Atrium was perfect for us as neither of us are really into the gambling scene and feel our daughter had plenty of stimulaton without being around the ching-ching of slot machines and the smell of cigarette smoke.	
Sep 15 2005 	Absolutely Horrible!!!	The hotel has some serious mold problems from previous water damage, I would assume that is a serious health hazzard that needs immediate attention by the Health Department. The A/C units in the rooms at best blow hot air in the middle of the summer in Vegas mind you, we are talking tempuratures of 115 degrees and above. When I called down to the front desk to complain of the A/C problems and the mold, I was told it will be at least an hour before we can expect maintenance to address the issues due to A/C problems throughout the entire hotel. I asked if this was a common problem at this hotel, and was told that they recieve 50 or more calls a night regarding disfunctional A/C units. The furnishings in general are out-dated and falling apart, that goes for the general appearance of the entire hotel. This hotel is in desperate need of entire renovation. The refrigerator doesn't cool, and the bathroom and plumbing are to be desired if you know what I mean. Carpets, linens, &amp; draperies are heavily soiled and stained. General Manager and hotel staff are very rude and unprofessional. Its almost a joke to expect to be compensated for these above-mentioned problems. I'm a regular business traveler to the Las Vegas area and will not be returning to this hotel again. I will also inform any business partners, co-workers, executive management, clients, friends, &amp; family of my horrible experience at this particular establishment.	
Sep 1 2005	Stay Only if you are on a budget	We stay at the Atrium Suites Hotel in Las Vegas for one night because we thought it would be a great idea to be close to the airport on our last night in Vegas. What a mistake, this place was not exactly a dump, but it needs some work. This used to be the Crowne Plaza suites. The layout of the suites is good. The furniture is a bit old. The bath tub, oh my god!!! it needs to be replaced and I am not kidding you. It is rusted in some places, the chaulk was coming up from around the tub, it looked very old and the shower curtain was proably as old as the tub. The new owners did not put much if anything into this hotel. The outside does not look that bad, but it is clear that they have not put very much into anything else.The placed does have a hot tub and pool. The hot tub water was green which really concerned me. The pool was okay but needed to be skimmed. There were times when it smell like raw sewage. When we walked down the street it is located right next to an overflow for sewage drainage which could very well account for the lovely smell of the pool area.This hotel is down the street from the Hard Rock Cafe and hotel. That is the only good thing I can say. Many of the hotels on the strip are not that far from the airports so it really does not make any sense in relocating to another hotel.If you do not have very much money to spend and want to have the experience of going to vegas this is a more then affordable hotel $78/ night hotwire, but you get what you pay for and I would not spend much more than that for this hotel. We were given a smoking room when we asked for a non smoking room. THe room had the smell of stale cigarretts as well.The hotel does provide transportation to the strip but they do not pick you up. There is a bus stop on the side of Bally's hotel but you will have to get off at Paradise street so that you can get to the hotel.It was much cheaper to buy a bus pass for the day and ride up and down the strip as many times as you like for the day. The cost was only $5, instead of paying $3 for one ride. The extra $2 is well worthy it because many of the hotels although near each other are very big and take up a lot of space. It could be literally a half a mile between a hotel that is in eye distance away.It is not recommended that you walk from the strip to this hotel. It is not very visible to other people and there are a number of closed down hotels and restuarants. It is always better to error on the side of caution no matter how many people are with you. The people start to look a little seedy if you know what I mean the further away from the strip you get.Overall if you can spare the an extra 20 or 30 dollars I would recommend another hotel that is much new and cleaner. Although this hotel was not overtly dirty just old and well worn out.	
Jul 2 2005	Not for picky people	The bed is the best. Have never slept so well or with so many pillows! A++Downside:the room (628) appears to have suffered some type of water damage evident by the carpet which was warped. And a slight musky stank like B.O. Air conditioner was really good although when we checked in - another family was complaining. Windows are soundproof &amp; you will be shocked when a plane passes by and you dont hear it. Pool was terrific! Room service was beyond good even though there are only like 4 things on the menu. Too far from the strip for me-you wont get a cab-&amp; typical ride back was $10 + tip. Room was clean/mini fridge took about 16hours to cool. Altogether a very pleasant stay. This is not the place for people expecting gold faucets and 1st class everything for a bargain. You get what you pay for-a nice clean room-good bed-plenty of space-for a fair price. If you want fancy or treating yourself..look elsewhere. I may return again if I dont plan on visiting the strip.	
Apr 12 2005 	Not Bad		
Apr 10 2005 	Makes you wonder		
Mar 19 2005	Stay Elsewhere		
Mar 11 2005	Horrible!		
Feb 22 2005 	Comfortable suite at a reasonable price		
Jul 20 2004	Not worth the $$		
May 24 2004	Great Value		
May 22 2004	Crowne Plaza Las Vegas May 2004		
May 3 2004	Best Night Sleep Ever!		
Aug 31 2003	A Sweet Suite Bargain off the Strip		
