Oct 14 2009 	Good Location but a few operational glitches	I booked this hotel because it was close to the airport, they had an airport shuttle, and I didn't want to get caught up in all of the activity of the Strip. But when I arrived at the airport at 9pm, I tried to call the hotel to find out when I could expect the shuttle--- and no one would answer the phone! I tried again and again and even called Hilton reservations to make sure I had the right number. (They couldn't get anyone to answer either!) In the meantime the shuttle bus showed. But if you're expecting some important calls, this may not be the place for you; try calling the hotel in the evening yourself and then decide. The front desk is also a little mixed up. They made several mistakes, that although not serious, caused me inconvenience. To the hotel's credit, they worked hard to make these mistakes &quot;right&quot; and apologized profusely.The rooms are spacious and well equipped. The bathroom has extra amenities. The housekeeping was excellent. The beds are comfortable. There was a slight amount of crossover noise from the next room.The airconditioning unit (in both rooms I stayed in on two different stays) was quite noisey. I also tried to turn down the controls to a lower fan speed without success. The shuttle bus IS a great convenience. And the hotel IS close to the airport. If it could just work these bugs out of their system I would consider going back.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good experience despite our flight cancellation	We were sent to this hotel by United Airlines after our flight home to London was cancelled and we were stuck in Vegas for an extra night. Needless to say we were not in the best of moods when we reached the Doubletree, but the staff were so friendly and welcomed us with a lovely cookie and we started to feel better! The rooms were clean with comfortable beds and nice hot showers. We were impressed with the free internet access and the complimentary shuttle to the strip came in very handy as we had spent all our dollars, thinking we were going to be flying home!Overall we enjoyed our stay and were glad that we ended up at the Doubletree for our extra night in Vegas.	
Sep 23 2009 	Elegant peaceful close to airport 	Spouse &amp; I sought a quiet restful hotel for the end of our CA-NV vacation that didn't include noise &amp; raucousness of slot machines &amp; gambling. Reviewed AAA info &amp; found this hotel where no gambling or slot machines exist. Our reservations were honored even though we arrived early, were able to check in &amp; offered freshly baked cookies. Our room was beautifully appointed, clean. The hotel's location to the airport was a huge plus for us as we were departing early the next day. We couldn't figure out if the hotel was open for cocktails, appetizers or whatever.We went down to the lounge area after check in &amp; found the lounge area dark. So we went to Applebee's across the parking lot from the hotel &amp; had a good dinner &amp; drinks. This is a great place to stay but you have to know what you are getting for your $$$.	
Aug 9 2009 	Perfect Pre-Flight Hotel - Near McCarren Rental Car Return	I always stay at this hotel the night before an early flight. It's about a straight-shot, no traffic mile away from the rental car return which makes it a TON easier to get to the airport without event.The staff can be a bit sketchy and the breakfast (if you stay for it) is pretty meager, but the rooms are really nice and it's one of the fewer places in Vegas that actually have decent channel selection on the television! There's also an Applebee's right behind the hotel, and the outlet mall with nearby restaurants are just down the road.	
Jun 6 2009 	Quiet clean reasonable price	This 6-story hotel is located in a business park south of the airport. It caters to the business traveller.My room was on the 5th floor and faced the freeway, which is just across the parking lot. The freeway noise was quite muffled and didn't bother me. I did hear a helicopter at one point in the morning; I believe a helicopter tour company is close by. I did not consider it a problem.I heard absolutely NO showering noise. A couple of times, I heard voices in the hallway, but during waking hours. This is not a place that attracts partiers.I didn't use the AC, so can't comment on that.To catch the shuttle from the airport, walk across the baggage claim area, go down to Zero Level, and go out to the parking lot. The hotel shuttles pick people up in the middle of this lot. Call the hotel from there, and they'll tell you when the shuttle is coming. It stopped at the MGM Grand after the airport; a jerk who also got on the shuttle at the airport complained about this, swore at the driver, and was told to get off at the MGM Grand. Be nice to people and they will be nice to you!You will be given a cookie on check-in.Breakfast is not included, but a simple hot breakfast buffet can be purchased for $7.95. It includes coffee, canned juice, scrambled eggs, potatoes, sausage or bacon, waffles (previously frozen), toast, fruit or fruit cup, and cereal. It's nothing fancy, but more than adequate in my opinion. I was the only customer in the cafe on a weekend morning.Applebee's is next door.I paid $80 plus tax by going to Hilton's Web site and getting the AAA rate.	
Apr 26 2009 	Excellent choice away from casino	Wanted a nice and conmfortable room away from casino - Doubletree Club Airport was perfect. Rooms were nice and generous in size, bed was super comfortable and bathroom spacious (liked the Neurotgena toiletries). A little way out from the main action in Las Vegas so a car is necessary. The car park is safe and well appointed. No food places within walking distance (accept Applebees) but a short 5 min ride in both directions of Warm Springs Rd are malls with eating places. Easy acces to hghways taking you to the strip or downtown.Service is fine - efficient and friendly. The common areas on my floor (was allocated a 2nd floor room) were a little dirty (some dirt and paper on floor) but it wasn't unbearable. Free wifi provided anfd there are 2 PC's wih printers in business centre for guests use (complimentary). It would have been nice if breakfast was thrown in but it costs about $11 for breakfast.	
Apr 21 2009 	Attentive staff greeted with a warm cookie! beautiful big clean room	First of all we were immediately checked in, given a warm cookie and told to enjoy our stay. The large room was tastefully decorated, clean, and quiet. We arrived late in the day and had reservations for one night as we were flying out early the next morning. The bed was very comfortable (probably the best nights sleep we had in a week!) and the next morning the hotel shuttle took us to the airport which was only minutes away. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	Freindly Treat	It was indeed good expereince	
Apr 1 2009	Great over night stay near airport	This hotel is within 2 blocks of the place you pick up rental cars! We were just staying in Vegas for one night after our flight and getting a rental car. The next morning we were heading for the Grand Canyon. Perfect Location!	
Mar 24 2009 	$$$ stolen from my room and they refused to do anything	We were standed in Vegas after new years after the airlines had over booked our flight. Our bagage had already left so we had nothing with us but a book to read on the plane. When we got tot the hotel we gave them vouchers for 2 night and told the night manager we would be staying for 2 night because that was the next available flight out. The next night we got back to find out the had given1 of our rooms away out of the 3 rooms we had reserved. We had left the only thing we had with us the book to read on the plane and in it we had place our 6 airline tickets and our 6 free vouchers a total of about $4,000.00 so we wouldn't have to carry them arround on the strip for the day. The hotel told us to file a police report which we tried to do but we needed a room key log to show who had gotten in the room besides tha maid. They have refused and wouldn't do anything to help us. We ended up on phone all night getting our return tickets taken care of and then we had to cancel the free vouchers when we got home. We will never stay at any Hilton or associated hotels and will not recomend them to anyone.....	
Mar 1 2009 	Outstanding Rooms Close to Airport	This hotel has superior rooms with extra fancy amenities; plasma HD tv, plush towels and Neutragena toiletries. It is very close to the airport, but away from everything else. Free hi-speed wireless; no breakfast.	
Nov 6 2008 	Perfect overnighter with complimentary breakfast	Nice, clean and quiet hotel with no gaming. A perfect last nights stay and just a 3-minute drive to return your car at the airport. You get a newspaper in the morning and a very good breakfast buffet.	
Oct 30 2008 	convenient to airport	My husband and I recently stayed at the Doubletree Hotel In Las Vegas. The staff at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. Th warm cookie on arrival was delicious. The room was clean and comfortable. We were flying back home the next morning and found the hotel to be very convenient to the rental car return center(less than 2 miles) and the airport. The hotel does have an airport shuttle that runs every 30 minutes. The hotel is also just off I-215 and was very easy to find for someone not familiar with the area. We heard a few planes but they were not distracting. This is a great place to stay if you want to be near the airport.	
Oct 3 2008 	Consider Yourself Warned	Upon arriving to the room, it was as if the door had not been open for days and was musty and nasty. I tried to adjust the wall thermostat – not working. I went to the window unit, touch the knob on the front and the entire front of the cooling unit fell off on the floor. I called down and they told me to wait and they would send keys up for a new room. After waiting 10 minutes we received the keys. I go to get in, they do not work. I have to go back down 5 flights and get new keys. I finish my work out this morning…and no juice…no donut…NOTHING unless I want to pay a lot for it. Bob’s $29.99 motor lodge has box of donuts and a glass of juice. I complained twice to the desk and no one cares……not at all….the Customer Relationship Management is horrific. You know what they did tell me…it is in the Hilton family…how can you question it??. I noticed on the receipt that it was stamped that they charge you a $100 fee if you shorten a reserved stay after arrival. I ask the guy at the front if they have trouble with people wanting to leave and he advised they did...I am surprised..???	
Sep 25 2008 	An okay hotel	An average hotel. Not the best, not the worst.Pros: Comfy beds, close to the airport and rental car return area, has a hotel bar if you want a drink, several computers with internet access, pretty good cookies when you check in. Cheap rooms for Las Vegas, friendly staff at the front desk (and the bar).Cons: Our room wasn't as clean as it could have been (some hair in the bathtub and used dental floss on the sink and a little mildew in the grout in the shower), smaller bathroom, no complimentary breakfast (the only hotel on our trip lacking this feature), but there is an on-site restaurant (but I didn't try it)Not as nice as it could have been, but not bad either. Of all the hotels we stayed in on our trip, I liked this one the least. It would be nice if they would put TWO luggage racks in a room with two beds. Very few hotels seem to do this. Overall, this hotel serves its purpose; getting a good night's sleep and having a short drive to the airport.	
Sep 16 2008 	What's that hair in my trash can?	I expected this hotel to be a little nicer than it really was. The shuttle from the airport was fine although we too did not realize it ran on the half hour. Call to the hotel was wasted if they had put this on their website.The hotel is located in an office park with an Applebee's out front. Airplane noise was never really a problem as you're far enough away and not on any of the flight paths. A girls athletic team was in the lobby as we arrived, but we were checked-in immediately as the front desk staff brushed aside the girls. I was handed my room key and cookies, but nothing was ever communicated to me from the front desk clerk. So, I said &quot;OK, which way to my room?&quot; to which they replied by pointing down a hallway.The hotel has only two elevators and one was broken. We ended up waiting 15 minutes as the girls took shifts piling in ahead of us. As we opened the door to the room we were met with a blast of hot air. The room faced west, drapes open, and the A/C on at over 80 degrees. On a 100+ degree in Vegas, this was a bit stifling. We headed straight for the A/C and turned it way down and the fan way up. The window unit chugged away and it gradually started getting cooler. I do mean gradually. It took nearly two hours for the room to cool down to where we were not sweating.First trip to the bathroom was surprising. In the trash can was a large clump of hair. Now where did that come from? Bathroom was on the small side. Everything worked except the drain stop in the sink. Shower somewhat confusing to operate.Beds were OK. Pretty standard mid-range hotel room. One chair and a small desk. Basic TV with 20-30 channels. Wi-fi worked fine and was free which these days is a bonus and very much appreciated.The hotel has a nice lobby with a small deli/bakery counter which was handy and of pretty good quality.We stayed only one night since we arrived on a Saturday and it's difficult to get into a strip hotel on a Saturday. In the morning a walked about a mile down the street to the car rental center which was convenient. Overall, I think I'd choose another hotel if I needed a one-nighter near the airport. Upkeep, service, and housekeeping were certainly below par.	
Sep 5 2008	Best Airport Hotel for Las Vegas	I stayed at the Doubletree after a website named it the best Vegas airport hotel:http://airporthotelguru.com/las-vegas-las/I was looking for a hotel that didn't have a noisy casino, so it was perfect. As an added bonus they are close to the airport. They had a free shuttle to the Strip also, which was a great service for getting TO the Strip but inconvenient getting back (since you have to wait outside in the heat without knowing exactly when it will come). So I ended up taking a cab that. That was my only complaint. A terrific choice otherwise.	
Sep 3 2008 	We will never stay at a Doubletree again.	We just returned from the Doubletree and I would like to know what is going on with the chain? We are Hilton Rewards members but we will never stay at a Doubletree again.The van picked us up at the airport (the web site doesn't tell you that it only comes every 30 minutes, not on demand) but neither of us could get the seat belts to work and the driver didn't seem to care. I had made the reservations on the hotel's web site via the internet and paid $ 18.oo extra for their &quot;upgraded amenities&quot; because it included two breakfasts. They had the information in their computer about the upgraded amenities but she told me that only meant a larger room and a dorm refrigerator in the room. When I looked at my confirmation printout it said &quot;Room with upgraded amenities&quot; but it didn't specify what was on their web site. I had to argue my point with the check in staff and since there were others waiting to check in, she did give me the two breakfast certificates. Check out their web site and see what I'm talking about.The sink faucet never really shut off, with a constant stream of water coming out of it. The toilet water constantly drained into the bowl. You would never know the hotel is located in the desert where water conservation is considered important. The air conditioning unit is the old type located under the window and makes noise as it turns on and off and runs. The next morning we had breakfast and the coffee was so bad I threw it out and didn't dare ask for another cup. We believe it was left on the burner all night. We had a different van on the way back to the airport and those seat belts didn't work either. It was definitely a poorly managed, LOW CLASS hotel with a big price tag. We do not recommend this Doubletree and will NEVER stay there again nor will be take the chance of staying at any other.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great value stopover hotel	We had 2 nights at the Doubletree - between flights.We were welcomed by a warm cookie each and a pleasant and efficient receptionist.The room was a good size with all mod con and free WIFI access. The only extra we would have liked was a fridge in the room.Other than that the hotel offers complimentary 24 hour airport shuttle transfers and transfers to the MGM. To return you have to get your own cab and this was approx. $20 for the trip we took back to the hotel from the MGM.The stay is based on a room only basis, but offers Wolfgang Puck in-room coffee.All-in-all we had an extremely pleasant stay between flights and would most certainly use this hotel again. Much better than the trashy Strip hotels for us and on a Saturday night much better value	
Aug 25 2008 	Excellent place!	Excellent place to stay, especially if you’re collecting a car to start your holiday. On arrival a very friendly and helpful receptionist met us and dealt with our reservations quickly and politely – and offered us each a delicious warm cookie. Oddly enough, after being awake for 24 hours and sitting for 14 hours on a plane this was very relaxing.The room was clean, bright and well appointed. My only slight grumble was that the A/C unit was a little too noisy, but it’s a trivial moan. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to say a few nights. It’s not ideal for a longer stay as, apart from an Applebee’s, there’s nothing much nearby.The breakfast buffet was good, although not a great range. The only bad member of staff was encountered was at breakfast where the lady looking after the tables was extremely rude. So rude in fact that she could have easily got a job working at any of the UK restaurants and hotels – yes, she was that rude!!!	
Aug 15 2008 	A fine (though unintended) stay	After spending more than 10 hours on our plane from Philadelphia (including five on the tarmac), plus another two hours or so at the Las Vegas airport waiting in an airline customer-service line and making various phone calls to figure out how and when we would reach Sacramento (all with two kids who had never flown before), we began to suspect that we had descended into our own special level of hell. The sight of dark, shuttered food establishments and brightly flashing up-and-running slot machines didn't do much to help the situation, and the middle-of-the-night heat outside as we waited for the hotel shuttle convinced us that the fiery pits were close at hand. Luckily (cue celestial music) our 3 a.m. check-in at Doubletree was painless (and included warm cookies and cold bottled water!). We collapsed into comfortable beds and felt much better later that morning. My nine-year-old and I even found time for a quick swim in the pool. Breakfast from the on-site cafe was fine (eggs were very good) and the hotel shuttle arrived on time to return us to the airport for our afternoon flight. The only negative was a slightly sour-smelling shower curtain--and, after everything else we'd been through, even that seemed sweet.	
Aug 11 2008 	a break from high weekend rates on the strip !	Hi we wanted to put a positive word out for the Doubletree. We stayed there 8/2008 3 rooms with 6 people. This hotel is a nice alternative to the strip casinos. We found it through expedia. We paid in the $50-60 range per room, which was quite a bit less than any of the strip hotels.I'd only recommend this hotel if you have a car or don't plan to go to the strip. They do have an airport shuttle by request.Our rooms were very nice and clean. Small pool available to help beat the heat. Some of our party went to the buffet for breakfast and said the food was good. One note, apparently the bin to return your used silverware is where you'd expect to pick up clean forks and spoons, and you could end up eating with dirty utensils. Other than that snafu, our stay was very pleasant.	
Jul 15 2008 	A fine gambling free place to stay	My wife and I spent a night at the Double Tree Club Airport and were very pleased. There is a large lounge (the club) downstairs and a 6 AM to 10 PM snack bar with excellent sandwiches, drinks, etc. The shuttle runs every half hour from the airport (be sure to look for the Double Tree Club van on &quot;zero level&quot; of the airport, not the &quot;hotel shuttle vans&quot; on &quot;level one&quot; which charge for the trip.) This is a great place to stay with a family, without the glitz and vice of the casino-hotels. Staff was very friendly and room was fresh and and clean. Definitely a place to remember for future overnights in Vegas.	
May 21 2008	Clean comfortable and quiet - a good choice for a stopover	We chose this hotel as it was near the airport and we were taking an early flight and we were happy with our choice. It’s not a spectacular hotel (it’s clearly geared to the business traveller or for stopovers), but the rooms are reasonably sized, very clean and quiet, the beds (and pillows!) are extremely comfortable. Reception staff were friendly and check in was quick and of course you get the traditional cookies. The pool area was deserted and despite some traffic noise, was very welcome after a long day travelling. If you want a quick bite to eat, there is an AppleBees (I think that was the name) right next door but the food was mediocre. All in all, we felt that this hotel was very good for the price, especially at weekends when hotels on the strip become much more expensive.	
May 7 2008 	Very pleased	Stayed 1 night @ the end of a trip to Las Vegas for a mtg held @ one of the big Strip casinos; would have much preferred having the mtg @ the Doubletree! Bed was very comfy (I actually wrote to the mgr of the 'big' hotel &amp; suggested they come see how a good hotel bed SHOULD be!). My room was on the 6th floor w/a nice view of the Strip. My only issue w/the hotel would be that the guest rooms still have those old fashioned a/c units on the floor beneath the window, which I've always found to be incredibly noisy. Front desk staff were great; no problems &amp; enjoyed my warm cookie very much! Would, &amp; likely will, definately be back.	
Apr 15 2008 	Good Deal	Our room at this hotel was clean, quiet and comfortable. A good value for what you are getting compared to hotel prices on the strip. They also offer airport shuttle and shuttle to MGM on the strip. Would stay here again.	
Apr 5 2008 	Very Good Value	The Double Tree, near the airport, is a very good value for Las Vegas where rooms are expensive. The hotel has very nice accommodations, super comfortable beds, breakfast available (not included with room rate and not really that good, but convenient) plus warm and yummy chocolate chip cookies at check-in. The room was clean and the hotel overall is in good condition. Another nice thing is being away from the strip. There is a free airport shuttle, plus free shuttle service to and from the strip. A good find in Las Vegas and I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 6 2008 	Good location; great swimming pool	Stayed here for two nights - one at the start of a 9 day holiday and one at the end - and was very impressed with the hotel facilities.On arriving, got the cookies and checked in with no fuss whatsover - in the room within minutes. Usual Hilton chain luxury king beds, spacious room. One word of warning though - ask for a room overlooking the pool - rooms overlooking the otherside look out onto the freeway and the airport and you can hear cars and planes even through the doubleglazing.On check-out we asked to leave a suitcase with them for 7 nights (shopping from the outlet mail) and they obliged us.There is a courtesy bus to both the airport and the MGM Grand so this makes getting around easy.Within 100 yards there is an Applebees.Arriving back after 7 days our suitcase was waiting and we zipped into anothe great room.The hotel seemed to be in the process of some minor remodelling and this was extremely impressive. We arrived at around midnight and there were some workers ripping up the carpets in the lobby and around the public areas. Getting up for breakfast, the new carpets were in place.Nice swimming pool (heated) which catches the sun all day. Lots of towels.Really could not fault the staff or the place.	
Feb 5 2008 	Nice hotel right by the airport..	My husband received an email for a promotional stay at this hotel for 15,000 points. Because of his Hilton status, we had a King reserved for us and free breakfast. The room was nice, with a very nice bed and bedding.. we also had free internet. I'm attaching photos of the hotel.A couple of negatives: (1) We waited about 15minutes to be checked in. The front desk guy had trouble with entering a walk-in guest, and just kept us waiting. At least we were offered warm cookies. (2) The room was stocked with only one bath towel. When my husband called, they brought 3 extra floor towels! :( We didnt bother calling again. There are multiple CVS and a walmart down the street from the hotel. The outlet mall is just down the street (other direction) as well.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Price Location Room	What a treasure - near the airport, but not what you may expect to find at an 'airport' hotel. This hotel is clean, and rooms are spacious and quiet. It has a large lobby with a bar, and a 'Cafe' for breakfast, and they also have a substantial menu for room service or eat at one of their tables. The 'chicken/asiago/caesar' rollup was excellent. There is an Appleby's at the end of the parking lot, and several other resturants and a Starbuck's just down the block. The Doubletree is an easy couple of turns off 1-115 and 3 lights down the road from the main rental car pick up/drop off. Easy to find when you are driving alone at night. Their shuttle leaves for the MGM on the hour with frequent returns. Great value for Vegas. My only regret was not being able to stay longer. No cigarette smoke, crowds, or noise, but access to everything Vegas! I will definately be back.	
Oct 23 2007	Mmmm...Cookies!	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and very much enjoyed the rooms. The staff was friendly and gave us as many chocolate chip cookies as we wanted at the front desk. The rooms were clean and spacious. We also enjoyed the fact that the hotel was off of the strip and away from all the noise and lights of Vegas. At the end of the day, we could just come back to our room to relax. I was able to get these rooms at Priceline.com by naming my own price and one of the days cost $75 (Saturday) and the other night $85 (Friday).	
Oct 14 2007 	Positive Experience	We stayed twice in the DT LV in September. Both experiences were positive; shuttle worked in all directions as promised, rooms were clean and well equipped. Overall the hotel was nice (thank you for the cookie!) and the rooms better than expected.	
Sep 24 2007 	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! No cookies No water Terrible Service	My wife and I just checked out of this hotel, and I can only say that this was by far the worst experience that I have ever had at any Hilton property. After booking a King Non Smoking room using HHonors points (my wife is a Gold level member and I am platinum). We were using her points here, so the room was in her name. We arrived to the hotel at 11:45 am and were told that there were no rooms ready to check into. The desk staff seemed nice enough and assured us that our King non smoking room would be saved for us when we returned. After returning back to the hotel (12:30 AM) we were given a double bed room with an unbelievably loud a/c unit. My wife went back down to the desk and was told that we did not check in early enough to get a King bed. Based on this excuse, I guess that they did not have any King rooms all day. They also said that there was nothing that they could do about it. I asked to have the general manager called and was told that they could not do that. The following morning we checked out and asked for the shuttle. After having expereinced such awful service the night before (with a very poor attitude from the desk staff) we asked the shuttle driver to drop us off at Mandalay Bay instead of the the MGM Grand (the two hotels are only 1 block apart). The driver told us (by the way there were only 2 couples on the van) that he could not drive the extra block. This was the final straw. The bottom line here is that the staff really doesn't care about its guests and the rooms are awful. My advice is to AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE! I am still awaiting a call from the General Manager and a refund of my Hilton Honors points.	
Sep 17 2007	Cost effective alternative in Las Vegas	This was my second weekend stay at the Las Vegas Doubletree. Viewed in context of the price, $104 for a Saturday night, comfort, location, free Internet, and quiet rooms, it's a bargain. Located just down the street from the new Airport car rental center, with easy freeway access, you can be anywhere on the strip in minutes. Staff, especially the night manager, is friendly and efficient. It's approximately the same quality as the Los Angeles Airport or Berkeley Doubletree. When I turned down the free Hilton Gold Breakfast coupon, the manager offered 1,000 bonus points instead.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great place to stay in Vegas!	The Doubletree Club Las Vegas Airport is a superb place to stay in Vegas. It is off the noisy strip, but close enough to see the lights of it. The Doubletree Club Las Vegas offers a free shuttle to and the Strip. It is a very quiet, clean place. The staff is friendly and helpful. This is my husband and I's second stay here. This trip was to celebrate our first annivesary. We stayed here last year during the same time with family and friends for our wedding. The king size bed was very comfortable, and the warm cookies were great after the long drive from Phoenix. My husband and I would definetely stay here again on our next trip to Vegas.	
Aug 29 2007 	Worst Doubletree Ever....	Firstly, I'm a Hilton Honors member, so I stay mainly at Hilton properties. Secondly, I'm a travel agent, so I'm critical of properties and compare them to their value for the money.First, you get in the slowest elevator ever with markings and scratches everywhere (very old). Then we get to the room where the A/C sounded like a jet engine with lots of gurgling. The furniture was worn, chipped and the room was very dark and dreary. The bathroom was very old; blood streak on the wall by the sink, mold around all the caulking in the tub. The toilet had these silver markings all over the porcelain from someone using a wire scrub brush, rusted out sink fixtures. Oh.. so I thought, I can deal with this. I've stayed in worn out places before and all I really care about is the Hilton Serenity bed which it had, but as I went to wash my face with the washrag I noticed it was yellowed and very old with stains. At this point the A/C quits and it's getting very hot. So I call down to ask if someone could show me how it worked and I got a guy who didn't seem concerned and said he'd send security up right away. A half hour later, no help. It's now 86 degrees in the room. I walk downstairs to find the rude guy totally ignore me. The girl who checked me in was going to come up to my room with me but then sent another girl instead. I politely asked to speak with the check-in girl to the side so I could approach her about the nasty towels in the room, as I didn't want to embaress her in front of the line of customers already there. She ignored my request. The other girl takes me up to the room via a service elevator to get me new towels. She took me through the maids quarters! I didn't think that very professional at all. Plus she said nothing regarding the dirty towels in my room already. No way are these HILTON standards! I am only part of their program because of their higher standards and I know what to expect at most of their properties. Needless to say, I called Hilton the next morning and they moved me to the Embassy Suites and refunded my points that I already used. We did receive an e-mail from the front desk manager at the other hotel, but unless they improve their professionalism and get new front desk staff, I won't EVER stay here again. I felt like I was at a Days Inn.	
Aug 13 2007 	Heavenly Beds...Warm Cookies...Fabulous Staff	July 27, 2007...we stayed here for one night on our way to California. The staff was fabulous...very friendly and helpful. They gave us great directions on how to find the Hard Rock Cafe and the cookies were warm and delicious. The first thing my kids (ages 7 and 13) asked was can we stay here again!Parking is plenty. We found a spot right in front of the doors and our room was easily accessible by elevator. We were on the fifth floor and could see the Luxor from our room. The hotel is only about 1/2 mile from the strip and it is much much quieter. The beds are heavenly with down comforters and tons of pillows. We are so used to having to ask for &quot;extra&quot; pillows everywhere but no need to here. Each person could have 4! The hotel offers free shuttle service to the MGM and from there you can take public transportation to almost anywhere on the strip.I would definately stay here again when we go back to Vegas. It is a great alternative to the busy and noisy strip and a great place to choose with kids. The only thing is...plan to pay with a credit card. The staff wasn't exactly sure what to do with a &quot;cash&quot; transaction. They said nobody ever pays with cash :) Breakfast is about $6 for hot or cold buffet and $10 if you want both. Hot breakfast included pancakes, eggs, bacon, sausage and your choice of one drink. Cold was a standard continental breakfast (cold cereals, rolls, and fruit) and your choice of one drink. The combo allows you to choose two drinks (ie: coffee and juice). Again, don't plan to pay with cash the staff here doesn't have change.All in All...GREAT hotel, GREAT staff! We will definately recommend this to our friends.	
Aug 5 2007 	Away for the hustle and bustle...	We stayed in this hotel on our last night in Vegas and because we have a early morning flight the next day, we opted to stay out of The Strip and stay near the airport. Our choice was fabulous...The room is clean and the bed is heavenly. Amenities are pretty adequate and even better than the hotel we stayed in The Strip. Only complaint is the soundproof (lack of) and the aircon is a bit noisy. Would definitely go back if we don't have to stay in The Strip. Oh and the cookies given after check-in is yummy and was a nice touch!	
Jul 12 2007	Sanity in Vegas	Wonderful experiences and we stayed there 2x within 2 weeks.Staff is friendly and very helpful, shuttle service is a godsend. NOTE: The shuttle runs every 1/2 hour to the airport (arriving at approx 10-15 mins after the hour or 40-45 mins after the hour). It seems like forever when you arrive on the red-eye, but trust me, call and they come. They also drop off/pick up at MGM once an hour.	
May 21 2007 	Reasonable Airport Choice	I stayed at this property one night two weeks ago after arriving on a late flight. The property was clean and well maintained. I had rented a car and the property is very near the new rental car facility. There is also a free 24 hour hotel shuttle service to and from LAS.The room was clean, quiet and had a comfortable bed. There are two computer terminals in the lobby. There is an Au Bon Pain in the lobby that is a reasonable choice for breakfast.I think that this is a good off Strip choice if proximity to LAS is your major priority.	
Apr 26 2007 	Functional	Was picked up by the shuttle when I arrived at the airport although it took a call and 30 minutes to arrive and then it picked up people at the MGM grand before going to the hotel which is not what you need when you arrive off a flight.Rooms are spacious usual amenities including Wireless Internet access Coffee Machines. Usual Neutrogena amenities - the towels looked like they had seen better days though.Had breakfast before I left in the Au Bon Pain Coffee shop - barely adequate set up .Staff not terribly freindly - Hotel all in all serves a purpose - dont expect anything more.	
Apr 20 2007 	Blissfully consistent	I've stayed at this hotel three times, months apart, and every stay has been identically problem-free. As I travel more than 30 weeks a year on business, I've come to appreciate a property that does what it promises, consistently. I consider this hotel to be a haven in a high-stimulation environment. It's comfortable, attractive, quiet, well-appointed, and in good repair. They have two PCs available for checking email (they're a little grimey but they work, so bring some waterless handwash if you're freaky about this...) As other reviewers have mentioned, they offer a 24-hour free airport shuttle with a friendly driver - a real benefit - and free parking if you have a car. The breakfast is only complimentary if you've earned it as a Hilton member, but even if you have to pay for it, it's not too bad a deal. All in all, if you're not interested in the cost, crowds and craziness of the Strip, this is a very fine place to park. Plus, you get a Doubletree chocolate chip cookie when you check in!	
Apr 10 2007 	Good Value Good Location Great Sleep	My partner and I made our reservation via the Doubletree web site a week in advance of the Easter weekend in LV, at $99 a night, for a 4-night stay in a double-bedded room. (We chose 2 double beds, just in case the king might be squishy or bouncy.) Our room on the 6th floor (#639) was well away from the elevator bank and noisy drink &amp; ice machines. The room faced north, toward the Strip (shimmering at night) and overlooked the parking lot and the 215 Loop. Blackout drapes (with the added assistance of a few pillows) blocked the glare of daylight (and lamplight at night), so our room was blissfully dark.The beds were excellent. Nice linens, duvet, &amp; pillows. No problems adjusting to a new bed. Great sleep.Since we drove from LA, we brought along a small fan &amp; together with the a/c unit, we heard no additional sounds during the night.Only complaints: We both wore white socks in the room - they were noticeably blackened by the carpet. Wiped up drips from the bathroom floor (neat freak) and the towel was streaked with brown.To end on a good note: Laptop-size safe in closet. Lots of space to relax and surf the Internet (wireless) on the lobby level. Didn't use the wirless access in the room. Clean workout room with 2 treadmills. Free parking. Shuttle to MGM Grand. The hotel employees very pleasant and courteous. How could you not like a place that gives you hot cookies when you check in?We WILL DEFINITELY stay here again when we visit Las Vegas.	
Apr 2 2007 	A little worn but a good deal	I stayed at the Doubletree Club from Mar 25 to Mar 30 on business. A rough start where they had lost my reservation, but upon finding a room that matched my original reservation, I went upstairs. Carpets are a little worn and the furnishings were a bit out of date, but very clean. I had room service a couple of times during my stay and although the menu is limited, the food was okay. Delivery times matched the estimate given when the order was made. This is a non-gaming hotel so there is no problems with meandering thru the casino to the registration desk. If on business, I would stay here again.	
Mar 14 2007	Great hotel friendly staff.	We booked the Doubletree during Nascar weekend as a less expensive alternatvive to the strip. The wonderful thing was that they offer free shuttle service from the airport and free service to the MGM until 3 AM on the weekends. The staff were wonderful, the beds were cozy and the location was nice after partying on the strip. We were pleased with our stay.	
Dec 29 2006 	Really nice	America West placed us at this hotel when we missed our connecting flight. Although we were there for only three hours (our flight got in after midnight and the we had an early morning flight), the staff was really nice and helpful. The room was very large and clean and the shuttle bus from the airport was very convenient. We would definitely consider booking this hotel if we visit Las Vegas.	
Oct 3 2006 	Nice clean friendly stay	I took the doubletree shuttle from the airport, and it was clean and on time. Very easy check in. Staff was friendly and polite. Especially Amy. I took my free cookie and went to my room. The room was clean and odor-free. The work out room was loaded with tread mills and free weights and a tv. Probably the best work out room of any Double Tree I've visited. I really enjoyed the Applebee restraint next door. All in all it was a really nice stay. I'm planning to stay here again in the near future.	
Jun 16 2006 	Comfortable Off-Strip Option	After a week on the strip for a combined business/pleasure trip, we checked in here for the day before our red-eye flight back to the east coast. It's listed as an &quot;airport&quot; hotel, but it's no more near the airport than the strip hotels, but it has a lot of the conveniences of a typical airport hotel.Pros:-Friendly Staff at Front Desk and Coffee Shop-Au Bon Pain licensed Coffee Shop open until 10 PM with some of the chain's typical fare along with other hot items. Plus ice cream and drinks.There is a small area where you can eat or you can take it to go.-Free Conference Rooms and Work Stations in the Lobby available first come first serve. We used the Conference Rooms while we waited to checkin. Executive Style Seating with a lovely conference table and speakerphone. Free toll-free and local calls.-Free Wireless Connection throughout hotel including guest rooms. Easy to setup and strong connection throughout the day. (Strip hotel can charge up to $12 per laptop per 24 hours)-Small Pool-Free Warm Cookies at Checkin in usual Doubletree Style - yum.-Great Neutrogena bath products-Shower Curtain on half-circle shower bar giving extra room in the shower-Super Comfy Bed and Pillows-Large TV and Sitting Areas in Lobby-Shuttle to MGM Casino and 24 hour airport shuttle at no extra charge-Applebees in same office park complex-Coffee Maker in Room (Noted another review that there were refrigerators in room, but I think that that may be in upgraded rooms only.)-Short Taxi Ride to an Outlet Mall, the fantastic Panevino Restaurant, and the strip (10-15 minutes and $13.95 taxi fare to Mandalay Bay section of strip)-Free and Plentiful ParkingCons:-Shower was fairly clean but the grout in the corner could use some serious attention-The hotel and the guest rooms had an odd odor -- I wouldn't describe it as a bad odor, just odd. They were painting and refinishing the exercise room while we were here so that could be the culprit.-Has a little bit of a &quot;starting to age&quot; feel, but it really doesn't detract from the experience-Air Conditioning was a little loud and a little all or nothing. But in 100 degree heat, we weren't hot so what more can you say.	
May 12 2006 	Good Off-Strip Option	We come to Vegas about once a year for various reasons, and we have stayed at several of the resort hotels. This year, I had a conference to attend at one of those mega resorts. Even with a rental car and gas, the total bill was less than if I had stayed there.The Doubletree is a non-casino, smoke-free option away from the airport and strip. It was very quiet while we were there. It takes about 10 minutes to get to the hotel from the airport by way of rental car, which I recommend if you stay here. You can drive downtown or to the strip and take advantage of the free parking. If you don't have a car, the shuttle to and from the airport runs about every half hour and will go to the MGM from 10AM to 3AM.The rooms are a regular size hotel room and come with a refrigerator. The shower in our room needed some work on the grout and faucet, and it was somewhat hard to control the water temperature. Otherwise, the room was clean and more than adequate for our needs and the wireless access is a valuable service. In fact, I am writing this review using their wireless access before we check out.The staff is very friendly and helpful. They were able to get a room next to mine for my mother-in-law who came in later in the week to help take care of our daughter even though the hotel was full.Overall, if you visit Vegas for work or fun and are tired of the Vegas scene on the strip, the Doubletree Club is a good option.	
Apr 20 2006	Fine for the price	Friendly staff, comfortable if smallish rooms, nice pool and very handy airport/strip shuttle. Good value for money.	
Mar 11 2006	It was O.K.	We needed a place to stay overnight as we had an early flight the next day. I was a little disappointed in the overall conditions of this place. The rooms were on the smallish size, the beds were kind of small too. It looked a little dated. The front desk were very friendly and the free cookies were out of this world. Overall it was O.K., but we will probably stay elsewhere in the future.	
Mar 1 2006 	Worst Hilton Property yet	I've been a Hilton Diamond member now for the past two years and can honestly say this is the worst proprty that I have stayed at. First impression was how dirty it was, the elevator had stuff on the carpet, the carpet on my level was not vacumed; the general appearence was below par. My room was tidy-ish but the shower head was loose and stayed pointed down and the &quot;hot water&quot; was luke warm at best. The food as the 'cafe' was horrible, with the only other option in walking distance being an Applebees across the courtyard. Lastly the wireless internet was a joke, I thought maybe the connection in my room was typical like some Embassy Suites, but even in the main lobby the connection kept being droped. The surprising thing is it's in Las Vegas, one of the most competitive Hotel markets in the world?! My advice, if your a HHonors member or a regular business traveler give this place a wide berth!	
Jan 9 2006	never again	the room was dirty (hair in the shower, hair in the sink, dirt on the floor). the floor molding was completely missing in the room. A/C would turn on after about 5mins, and could not be aimed away from the bed. soda machine on my floor was busted the four days i was there. it takes 30mins for a taxi to arrive. the toilet lever had to be held down to complete the flushing.on the plus side, the staff was friendly, and there's free internet access in the lobby, and the business center computers are free to use including printing. there's a free shuttle to and from the airport and the MGM.	
Oct 8 2005	Great hotel	I stayed at this hotel after doing a national park tour and needing to fly out of Vegas early the next morning. For this type of stay I couldn't ask for anything more. It was quiet (which I can't say of most Vegas hotels) and clean. Plus, there was no dealing with smokey casinos. The hotel couldn't be any closer to the airport. Staff was all very friendly and the room was spotless.	
Sep 17 2005	okay!	stayed one night labor day weekend for $74 to avoid paying holiday strip prices. hotel is ok, small pool, coffee shop only, average rooms. beds were comfortable but frig had mold and didn't get very cold, bathroom had ants. was good for the price for one night but during the week one can get a better price and room on the strip!	
Sep 16 2005	Comfortable and Convenient	Stayed here 1 night the at the beginning of a National Parks Trip, and 2 nights at the end of the trip. The service was great (except that we couldn't get connected to the internet after serveral tries), the room was clean, and the bed comfortable. Very easy to use their shuttle service to and from the strip. Drivers were always very friendly. The only potential problem is that if you are having a great time on the strip and loose track of time, you may miss the last shuttle (at 3:10 AM). Plan for travel time back to the MGM to pick up your shuttle to the hotel.Au Bon Pain was good for coffee and breakfast, or sandwiches if you want.Would stay their again....	
Jul 12 2005	Great Place	I stayed at the DoubleTree Las Vegas for 2 nights and i really liked it. Its no closer to the airport than most of the strip hotels though. The complimentary shuttle will pick you up/drop off from the airport or to the MGM Grand and it leaves at the top of every hour between 10am - 3am, just call the hotel when you want a pick up.The rooms are quite large and are nicely furnished. The beds are fantastic! I had a King room and it had plenty of storage space as well as a work desk and a seperate sitting area. The pool is small but adequate.HHonors Gold/Diamond get free wifi (usually $11/day) but for everyone else there are 2 computers in the lobby with free high speed net access.This hotel is nice in that it is far enough away from the strip to feel relaxing, but the shuttle will have you outside the MGM in 10 minutes if thats what you want also.The AuBain cafe in the lobby serves nice sandwichs and decent breakfask options too.Staff were very friendly and accomodating of all requests.	
Jun 20 2005	whoo hoo!		
May 10 2005	You can have your cookie and eat it too in peace.		
Mar 18 2005 	the most businessy hotel in Las Vegas		
Mar 18 2005	Excellent Airpor Hotel		
Dec 24 2004	Recommended		
Jun 28 2004	Good alternative to casino hotels		
May 2 2004	Great airport choice!		
Mar 21 2004	Not a favorable choice		
Aug 7 2003	nice 		
Jul 17 2003	Nice property a bit far but you can park nearby!		
Aug 14 2008 	per chi non ama i casino		
