Oct 8 2009 	Great bargain	The room was nice an clean and right on the money. On the end of the strip, but still a good place to start your sightseeing.	
Sep 29 2009 	Terrible hotel very poor customer service	Me and my girlfriend stayed at this hotel for a 1 night stop over, we found checking in was a nightmare, staff were very rude, they put us in the manor rooms which I would describe as a motel based across the road from the hotel, the rooms were very clean, the only positve thing I can put. The hotel is based for families but could do with an extreme make over. If you are looking at this hotel because of the cheap value, I would recomend paying a bit more and staying at the MGM,	
Sep 2 2009 	It's a Circus Circus all right...in all the wrong ways!	I booked at Circus Circus because of the price and the fact that the Manor rooms included a refrigerator for no extra charge. The absence of a &quot;resort fee&quot; was nice as well. This place served its purpose as a place to sleep, store our luggage &amp; rest when not out on the Strip. The down side is that the beds are not all that comfortable and the TV service is minimal, so don't expect to watch more than news or TBS. There are movies (adult &amp; otherwise, I believe), but I didn't watch any of that, so I'm not sure what they cost.Another problem was that I requested a non-smoking room and I believe that my room, while not designated either way, was originally a smoking room, since it had a distinct smoke smell to it. It was an immediate turnoff, but as there was no ashtray, I can't say if the smoking was done on the sly or if the room was designated as &quot;non-smoking&quot; and then not properly cleaned. It wasn't enough of a problem to complain about. When I arrived, there was no refrigerator in the room (despite &quot;all&quot; manor rooms having them according to advertisement). My husband called the front desk and one was sent over fairly quickly, so no problems there. They did have to pull it out of another room, though, so I have a feeling that they are short on fridges.The actual casino and surrounding property, including the main tower, restaurants and the like, is VERY crowded at all times of the day and night. You are forced to walk through a mall-like shopping area on the way to the manor rooms or walk through reception and around the property. The salespeople are very pushy and frequently try to ask you questions or sell you stuff, even when you are dragging luggage and obviously checking out of the hotel. This creates a traffic jam and a lot of delays when trying to move through the hotel. The circus acts are cute, but the bleacher style seating area is cramped and made of hard plastic. It doesn't make you feel very comfortable. the area is small, so most times when you are interested in watching the show, there is no place to sit anyway.I feel that this place might be a good place for parents with kids due to the Adventuredome area and to a lesser degree, the midway and the circus acts, but for childless people in their 30s, this place was too tacky and hectic for our taste. Once in the room it was okay, but there are other places to stay for a similiar price that wouldn't be a zoo. If price is a concern, try downtown or a property off the strip. The bus service is fairly good in Las Vegas and some, like the Orleans, have shuttles. I definitely won't be back and honestly, I think this Circus is on its last legs. To think the owners are the same as the Mandalay Bay is a bit shocking!	
Aug 7 2009 	Great value	We were pleasantly surprised with the Manor Motor Lodge. It's a huge room, clean, bath room is great, slightly noisy between rooms. But a great value at $30/night! We weren't here to gamble, just passing through and needed a place for the night.	
Jul 26 2009 	It's a horrible place worst than motels!	The rooms were not clean and the sheets felt dirty. The beds were horrible, you can feel the springs in the bed. They would put padding on one bed and not the other. When you complain, they switch you to other rooms in the area, but all the Manor rooms had horrible beds. It's worst than sleeping on the floor. When we asked for a room upgrade, they told us everything is completely booked out. After switching to like 5 different rooms, we finally got settled with a full refund and booked at another hotel. Don't ever stay here!	
Jul 12 2009 	Good family fun	My wife and I stayed here on the 4th July w/e. Temp reached 42c so the a/c and swimming pools were great. Not in a central part of 'The Strip' but the bus out the front of the casino was great for getting around (a/c'd too!). The rooms were dated, walls between rooms are paper thin (could here conversations from next room) - but comfortable and clean. WiFi was available but at a cost and a bit pricey. Great restaurant choices within the casino. A good choice to stay if you are a family with children. Regular circus acts, a huge double story indoor amusement centre (rides, clowns, etc) Probably wouldn't stay here again but definately a good choice for the budget concious and young family.	
Jul 8 2009 	The worst	Not a pleasant experience, because of:- Very dirty carpet, - Cushion on one of only two chairs provided (in a room for 4 people) was wet and one of the three lamps wasn't working, - It took over an hour for someone from housekeeping to bring a light bulb and to exchange the disgusting chair with another that was not wet, but quite stained. - We chose the manor room over the main hotel room because it offers a fridge. However, the fridge is small and noisy. - Personal safety concerns:  1. The main entrance door was propped open with a towel as the security lock didn't work. When somebody removed the towel (either unknowingly or because of security concerns) it meant that guests couldn't get back to their rooms.  2. We had drunk people sleep right outside our room lying in the hallway. There was no security provided.We would not stay again no matter how good the deal.	
Jun 28 2009 	Motel 6 without the amenities	We stayed here with family, ages 19-77. I needed a place where we could be separate from the casinos, but close to the fun so my 77-yr-old mother would not have to walk too much to enjoy the trip. First, we asked for a room on ground floor and were told they couldn't do that, but would put us close to the elevators. They put us right by the stairs but farthest away from the elevators. We had 3 rooms. Two were nice enough and clean. One smelled like something died under the bed. My sister sprayed air freshener every time we opened the door--and the smell never lessened. The beds were hard; you could feel the springs in the mattress. I didn't even know they had springs in mattresses any more. The pillows were flat. Otherwise, everything was nice enough. I didn't notice any stains or dirt or mold. The showers were nice enough.I was most frustrated with the coffee situation. I didn't realize how frustrating it is to have to walk ten miles to get a cup of coffee. At least in Motel 6, you can walk to the lobby in the morning and get a cup. The Manor is a block away from the main hotel--and once you make your way over there, you still have to meander around to find a coffee shop. I didn't mind having to pay for coffee--but it was $2.75, and it was bitter. I thought that this hotel would be a great place for all ages to hang out--but you have to go through the casinos to get anywhere. In fact, at midnight, we saw small children who had apparently won stuffed animals at the midway sleeping in the hallway outside the casinos, sacked out on their new toys. There was no seating anywhere--except in the casinos--so my mom, who is on a walker, couldn't just sit and watch the kids play. In fact, when we were checking in, we stood in line for 40 minutes--and there was no place to sit and wait. I thought the staff were very nice; but it just didn't serve our needs. I will say that 2 out of 3 rooms were nice enough--esp for the price we were paying. And we felt safe enough. (I read one review that mentioned being held up by gunpoint.) We saw bicycle police everywhere. One young man came around asking people for change--but when we said no, he moved on without any threat. Anyone who chooses to stay here should bring his/her own coffee, and be prepared to walk a long way. We drove in--so it was very nice to have our car close by for loading and for moving around the town. I would have hated to have to use the valet service every time we wanted to drive somewhere.	
Jun 10 2009 	you get wat u pay for	went to manor lodge in circus circus for our 25th wedding anniversary our main part of our holiday was hawaii so only wanted a cheap place to stay and also didn,t want a high rise building. it isn,t to bad the smell that other people hav wrote about is carpet cleaner which they seem to put down on the carpets in the mornings when they r cleaning its only in the first part of the building. there is no kettle or coffee maker in the rooms so if u want one u will hav to take your own. we stayed on the ground floor which wasn,t very good as we didn,t open our curtains as there was a car park right outside our window so everyone could see straight in also the window was bolted up so if u had to get out in an emergency u couldn,t. i wouldn,t stay there again if i went to vegas again i would stay in a different hotel. circus circus is not right on the strip so i would stay closer to everything as a lot of walking or bus rides. the buffets were good in some hotels but not so good in others. we found circus circus was cheap and ok but the mirage, luxor was dearer but better, the excaliber was also nice and not to expensive.we went to grand canyon in helicopter ,heli usa. we had 6 people in the helicopter plus pilot it was very crowded. we went on the ranch wasn,t much to see or do there the only good thing was one cowboy there who sang to us everything was rushed. we brought the dvd they sold which we thought was going to b about us but it was about 5 mins of us then the rest was advertising. the staff in the main part of the hotel weren,t very helpful we tried to make a phone call home as our mobiles wouldn,t work there but noone really wanted to help us with the phones there.be warned don,t walk round all hotels on your first day as u won,t b able to walk again the hotels arn,t as close together as they seem. get the duece bus 15 dollars for a 3 day pass, 7 dollars 24hrs and 3 dollars one way.	
Apr 25 2009 	Should have stayed at a Motel 6!!	The Circus Manor (slums of circus circus) is a separate building that sits across from the main towers. Upon entering the room two lights did not work. The beds were as if we brought our own cots! The safe had a hole in it and there was no lock. The stench was that of smoke, must and 30 years of drugs, prostitution and mold. We had to take all our luggage and haul it across the street to the manor which was a pain! It is not even relatively close to the casino in the hotel, nor was it close to any strip! So if you want to stay at a place where you could wake up and go down to the casino...do not stay in the Circus Manor. Upon complaining to the front desk, we received a free room upgrade to the main tower where the hotel is. And while that room was significantly better(flat screen tv, kingsize pillow top bed,beautiful scenery and clean bathroom), it is not even close to the glamor rooms of better more upscale hotels on the strip. The Manor rooms were like a bad dream and my spouse and I were scared of being mugged while walking back and forth from the &quot;main&quot; hotel. Word of advice...DO NOT STAY HERE! Spend the extra cash to enjoy your stay, otherwise it will ruin your vacation. I can see why the circus is free, they needed to provide more incentive!	
Mar 27 2009 	Needs to be demo	I have stayed in some motels that looked, smelled and felt better than this &quot;hotel&quot;. My husband wanted to surprise me with a last minute trip to Vegas. He booked everything, the Circus Circus Manor was the cheapest &quot;hotel&quot; he could find. Once we arrived I noticed why. The bed sheets were dirty, the room smelled like [--] just bad!	
Feb 15 2009 	If you smoke this is your place.	First let me pointout we were staying at CC just for the night as we drove thru Vegas on our way to Disneyland. Needless to say we were looking for something inexpensive. You surely get what you pay for.First impressions are scarey as the parking lot was a circus to get thru. The crowd of people walking around was also scarey. You could pick out the prostitutes waiting in the lobby for their Jon. We choose not to eat at any of the restaurants within and instead drove across freeway to eat at Macaroni Grill (very nice). Landry's was next door. Check in was not so bad until we got to our room (in main tower)and the keycards would not work. We had to go back to the front desk 2 times in attempt to fix the problem. After the 3rd try they ended up upgrading us to a nicer room in the West tower. The registeror commented they were over booked by 60 rooms. While to the room was clean and nicely decorated, it was so smokey we could hardly breathe. Anytime you see an ashtray in the bathroom it is not a good sign. I travle with feebreze and candles and that still did not help the smell. The air conditioner worked good but my husband felt it brought in more smoke. Suprisingly the beds were very comfortable and the pillows were even goose-down. We had a good night sleep until our kids woke us up at 6:30am raring to go. We took advantage of the chance to check out early and get on the road again to our final destination. We ate breakfast at the Denny's across the street on Vegas Blvd. Service good and fast..We did not go on any of the rides since we were taking kids to Disneyland the next day.	
Jun 10 2008 	I'll Never Stay Here Again	Stayed here for two nights in June. The &quot;manors&quot; are back behind the actual casino and hotel. Walking back there at night was a scary experience. The rooms themselves were in terrible condition -- bad beds, carpet stains, missing fixtures, etc. In addition, the Circus Circus is so far away from everything, that you are much better off just spending an extra $50 or so a night and staying some place nicer and further down the strip. Just getting to the hotel from the manors is a walk. I will never stay there again.	
May 7 2008 	You get what you pay for..simple as that.	It really is not as bad as people claim, sure it is old and needs repairs, and updating but so would you if you had that many people tromping all over you day in and day out!! YES there are a lot of kids there. We stayed in the Manor B main floor over New Years 2007, with our 2 teenagers(15 yr olds) and infant daughter, the teenagers enjoyed it, they had the chance to go and check out the AdventureDome and had a good time on the rides and with the games. We had considered staying in the towers but once we got to the hotel I am glad we did not, it is a complete zoo to park, to get on the elevator, in the Manor rooms you park your own vehicle and you can park it where you can see it from your room. Check in: only took about 10 mins, we were pre-registered and had no problems with lost registration etc, we had our confirmation letter with us and it was smooth sailing. And we checked in on the 29th of December, which is one of the busiest days to check in at the CC.Our Room: Like I said it was in Manor B, the room was very large, everything worked, altho the toilet was a bit noisy, the towels were white and fluffy, not dungy or dirty, worn etc. The sheets and bed spreads were clean and the beds were comfortable(no springs poking out), we had clean towels each and every day, and the room cleaned and vacuumed every day. The few times we called housekeeping(to get more towels or pillows and a new bedspread after baby peed on the other one)it was delivered our room in plastic with in 20 mins. Nothing was stolen out of all our luggage, and trust me we had a lot as we were at the end of a month long trip, so we had purchased a lot of things and brought it all in our rooms in rubbermad totes as we did not want to leave it in the truck as we went about our sightseeing. There was security at each door of the Manor and they did not let anyone in that did not have a card. The room walls are a bit thin so you can hear the tv in the room next to you, but for the most part it did not matter, we were not there that much other then to sleep and when we finally did get back we were too tired to care. The bathroom was very very clean, I was not worried about putting my 6 mos old baby in the tub at all. Check out went just as fast as the check in, and there is a $1.00 day charge for the phone. We had pre paid the hotel bill in order to get the reduced rate for the 4 nights we stayed there, so we were wondering how many extras would be added, but it was only the phone, so we were happy to see that was the only charge! All in All...you get what you pay for, if you don't like kids stay away, if you don't like average run of the mill rooms in a busy hotel, don't book the manor rooms!	
Mar 31 2008 	Far old outdated 	First let me say that Circus Circus is on the Vegas Strip but far from the &quot;real Strip&quot; action. So you either have a rental car or be prepared to wait long for the bus or walk long distances to everywhere. There is a whole block under construction that is scarry to walk at night.We stayed on the Manor motel section as it was cheaper, and yes, it was cheap, you get what you paid for - and less! We had the kids with us and thought that Circus Circus would be a good location for 'family oriented&quot; attractions. The adventurdome (ïndoor amusement park on premises) is somewhat OK, however, it is starting to show some evidence of aging and the same neglect you see in the rest of the hotel. Swimming pools are small for the size of the hotel and not anything extraordinary. Rooms were smelly, uncomfortable beds, rusty fixtures in bathroom, safe not working, missing pictures on wall. Non-smoking section, that is a joke, it is within the same building where the smoking section is and the two sections are only separated by a door. Next to two streets with a lot of traffic and noise. You would be better off by staying at the Excalibur or on an off-strip hotel. Do not come without a car if traveling with kids, it would be too much walking for them.	
Mar 2 2008 	Over priced Staff is Rude Dirty	Well first off we go to check in and they tell me no kids are suppose to stand because of the machines ok so what was i going to do leave my 7 yr old outside while i checked in. Than my mother in law had to use the restroom so me and my son waited by the door of the rest room 2 security gaurds comes over and tells me once again no kids to stand because of the machines ok well than he says its on non stopping zone alright well how did i know where are the stopping zones.so i tell the secutity i only booked this place for my son since it has rides,games had lots to do for kids. He says well this is not a kids place, ok i understand it is a casino but if you where not trying to attract the kids why would you put a roller coaster in , a water ride ex tell me what 60yr old person wants to go on a roller coaster.So than we go to our room now i have to tell you my father in law is handicap and my mother in law has bad knees they give us a room that we had to walk through the whole darn place felt like a mile.than we are put up on the highest floor. when we opened the door it looked like a 24 hr place where you bring a fling, it was dirty smelly and the carpets where all stained. We complained and they did give us another room which was very nice.But than we decide to eat in the pizza place , well you have to cross the gaming floor to get to the pizza place what do you know the security officers want to come over to yell again about no kids on the gaming floor , how the yeck can we get to the pizza place without going across the floor.It was a complete let down the whole place. For one all the time i got yelled at about the gaming floor i don't even gamble, i came to this hotel for my son.Its not a very friendly place to stay at all. Another thing for the guard saying its not a kids place their sign has a clown holding a lollipop,rollercoaster,water ride and sponge bob movie i don't know of any adult that watches sponge bob for the yeck of it we all end up watching sponge bob because of the kids.my mother in law and father in law did not want to go to circus circus for the rides or the video games or the sponge bob movie.They came for their grandson.I will never ever recommend this dump to anyone.Plus one of the staff sad no speak english, well i don't speak spanish so before they get a job there they should be able to speak english considering this is america and if i went to another country i would have to try to learn their language.	
Jan 15 2008 	Absolutely completely disgusting	You know you're in for an interesting experience when you tell a cab driver to take you to Circus Circus Manor, and he spends the 15 minute ride making fun of the place and pitying you. That happened to me last week. The rooms? Totally disgusting. My colleague found a cigarette butt on the bedspread in her non-smoking room, while my room featured ripped sheets on the bed, questionable brown stains on the bathroom linoleum, and a moldy shower. While this &quot;hotel's&quot; run-down appearance and poorly-lit hallways may seem &quot;edgy&quot; and &quot;exciting&quot; to some, it's pretty much unacceptable for non-Third-World travellers. In retrospect, I should have found a nice bathroom stall at the Venitican and camped out there for a few days--it definitely would have been cleaner.	
Dec 27 2007	Disgusting Dump	I am an Australian and we are a very tolerant people,and will put up with a lot of crap,we stayed in about 30 different motels while on our holiday in the good old USA.and most were pretty good value and clean... but this was by far the most disgusting dump we had stayed &quot;super 8 and motel 6 are better this dump ,,,,do yourself a huge favour and stay elsewhere ....and they have the hide to charge you more than double the rate for a weekend , we paid $221 for one night in there manor rooms (filthy smelly)would have been better to stay in the car or a public toilet somewhere ..........a bad bad horrible experience ...never again This dump needs to be demolished.	
Aug 27 2007	Great stay	Through our travel agent we paid 100 dollars for a room. The complex is huge. There are many resturants in the complex and its located right on the strip.The room was very clean and tidy and I got an adequate nights sleep. The room had a lot of space too.I remember the bathroom taps being hard to work.	
Aug 20 2007	Checked in.....checked out	We booked a room at Circus circus after staying at another hotel for 3 days. We had a very late flight and thought for $90 we had a place to stay for the day. The early check in at 11am took over 1 hour in line. We then got our keys and were given a map to the 2nd Manor building. It was over 105 degrees and we had to gather the luggage thru the parking lots, then to the 2nd building.I was shocked. The building smelled, was dirty...I felt very sorry for the families I saw....this is a vacation? Our room had dirty chairs...the bathroom was rusted and moldy, I have never seen anything like it. We checked out and spent the day at the airport. It was a much better choice. I am shocked that anyone would think these substandard conditions are OK. I called the management when we returned home. I explained we did not go back to the desk because we were unable to speak to anyone unless we stood back in the hour long line. No one shoud stay here...it was terrible.	
Aug 17 2007 	Filthy rowdy and a bit scary!	Stayed here for one night with a friend. I was supposed to be there my entire stay in Las Vegas, and after my experience I am glad I found someone else to stay with! Another friend and I arrived at almost midnight to be greeted at the entrance by unsupervised delinquent children of all ages, some of which (the teenagers) were being escorted from the building for their misbehavior. There was vandalism all over the grounds. The smell of smoke was profound in the main building, and the manor buildings smelled smoky and musty. Had I not been so completely exhausted after we came back from more gambling at around 4 am, I wouldn't have been able to sleep in the dump. The springs in the bed jabbed against my side, and the sheets didn't seem clean. I made the unfortunate choice of planning on showering there. The bathroom was simply unacceptable - not just out-of-date but in disrepair and filthy. I have stayed in hostels that I'd sooner shower in bare feet. The towels were paper thin and looked to be decades old, with a disgusting greyish-brown tint to the nap, as if they hadn't been properly cleaned. The locks were the standard programmable key-card type, but I didn't feel secure either about access to the building itself or to the rooms. I had no idea what to expect, as my friend made the booking; I didn't know how much he paid for the room until afterwards... Even for the dirt-cheap rates he got ($70/night) there is no excuse for the condition of the rooms. Had I known, I would have chucked in a few extra bucks to get him to stay somewhere better.Felt like I was going to contract a disease every time I touched a surface in this place.If you really need to save money, stay a block or two off the strip at Holiday Inn or something similar. If you can't afford to stay somewhere a little nicer ($130 a night) then you don't need to be visiting Las Vegas...believe me, you will regret a stay at this hotel.	
Mar 20 2007 	Great staff/service/super on a budget	For all the people who complained, wah, wah, this is for people on a budget, we found the service great, the staff friendly, &quot; you might try smiling yourself&quot;, eh? Never had a problem getting to the hotel, checking in was a breeze, our grand-kids has a super time, and all the while we enjoyed watching them have fun, we don't gamble at all, we just enjoy Las Vegas! Stop whining when you do not get the &quot;five star&quot; treatment, just go someplace else next time, sheesh.. Circus/Circus, we'll be back, thanks for a great time!! The food was tasty, well done. Pizza at the Grill has ton's of cheese on it, and was done in record time, speg. was also great, not too spicy nor too bland. McDonalds was a plus on the premises as the kids loved it, service always with a smile. Shops , clowns, and entertainment well worth the trip.	
Jan 9 2007 	10 Things to Hate About the Circus Circus	1. Low-income clientèle (mostly from third world countries).2. Low-ceilings, narrow spaces, and small, unremarkable casino.3. Worthless coupons (10% of this n' that, one free side bet, buy one get one free buffet and adventure dome vouchers).4. Pay per use safes. No coffee machine. No microwaves available. $12 a night cribs. Plastic disposable cups!5. &quot;No Unloading&quot; sign at the lobby entrance, but the valets will actually reluctantly give you 5 minutes, after which they will &quot;politely&quot; tell you to shove off and that &quot;you're responsible if anyone hits your car.&quot;6. Noisy in-room HVAC.7. One of three lifts working in the cramped and almost always near full garages.8. Talking an elevator to the second floor from the main lobby, crossing the Promenade, and walking thru the main casino to get to the only elevators leading to the Skyrise Tower.9. SLOW SLOW SLOW check-in. Took us 10 minutes at the counter, and we had a pre-paid reservation! What was the clerk doing with all that furious typing?10. I got exactly what I paid for, which was not much.	
Dec 2 2006 	How did that alarm clock get turned on?	We stayed at Circus-Circus for 6 nights in mid November.2 years ago, I stayed in their RV park, during my honeymoon. The Manor location is adjacent the RV park, and is about 5 minutes walk to the strip. As the C-C complex is at the northern end of the Strip, it was ok for me and my wife to walk, but on this visit we were accompanied by my very fit 75 year old mother, who found the walking distance to the centre of the Strip a little far at times.So if you're not a walker, and want to stay somewhere more &quot;central&quot;, maybe consider another hotel.Although a Non-Smoking room had been requested, we got what was obviously a smoking room, however after 2 days leaving the window open when we were away, it became acceptable.The toilet seat had seen plenty of use through the years! So much in fact, that the white plastic coating had worn off, and the laminated wood was showing through.There was mildew growing in the bathroom.One of the beds in the room had springs sticking through the top of the mattress. My mother had to make sure she slept only on one side of her bed.We were meant to receive about 13-17 TV channels. We only got 5. One played the in-house advertisement channel all the time, and another played constant re-runs of &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot;, cutting down the watchable choices to 3.We asked if it could be re-tuned, but this obviously was too unimportant or too tiring for the staff. We gave up asking in the end.The ice-maker on our floor didn't work.The safe didn't lock. The towels were very thin and worn, and smelt burnt.In our hurry to get out of the room one day, and begin the days activities, we forgot to leave a tip.As the week continued, we had no wash-cloths, cups or plastic bags for ice.For some strange reason the alarm clock went off at 4am the following day. How Odd.Obviously the maid staff at Circus-Circus are actually too lazy to do their job, even though they're being paid a hourly rate for it. Tip or else!Obvious too, that if you forget to leave a tip, the vindictive staff turn the radio alarm on to give you that early wake-up call.Overall, the Circus-Circus Manor wasn't dirty or noisy, but was in need of a make-over and coat of paint. (Or demolition.)The staff at check-in / out in the main building were friendly and helpful, although we only had contact with them on those two occasions.Danger! Danger! Watch out for the HUGE meals, listed as an &quot;appetiser&quot; on the menu! I had some nachos one night - I got through about 1/3 of the plate. On another evening I requested the fruit platter - that was taken in a doggy bag, and fed 3 of us for a snack the following day!I would say our visit was only disappointed by lazy household staff who think vindictive revenge is appropriate, if you forget to leave a tip on one day of a 3 week holiday.	
Nov 29 2006 	You do get what you pay for.	I stayed in the Manor when visiting Vegas with my parents and cousin.We requested two interconnecting non smoking rooms and this was exactly what we got. Check in only took 10 mins, 7 of those were the clerk trying to find suitable rooms.Rooms were clean, fridges both worked. Aircon was a little noisy but then it was only really needed during the day. Bathrooms are small but functional.There are no coffee making facilites but we just went to wal-mart and bought a kettle and 4 mugs. Morning cup of tea problem solved for less than $20.Housekeeping was very good, extra pillows requested turned up in 10 mins, sheets changed when card placed on them. Maintanence were equally swift, a fault with the aircon was reported at 1800 and fixed by the time we came back at 2200.Safe in room eats a quarter every time you lock it and didn't look like it would take much to get into it, but since we put our passports in the main hotel cage this wasn't really a problem.Not all the TV channels worked, but then we didn't spend an awful lot of time in the rooms watching TV!Didn't use the pool but there were plenty of kids in there the night before thanksgiving and they seems to be enjoying themselves!It is a fair walk to the main casino but there are walkways to assist. We liked the fact that you can park the car right outside the block rather than the 3 mile hike through the casino to the multi story car park.No problems checking out.The manor isn't fancy, and it is starting to show it's age slightly, but it is cheaper than some of the more overblown hotels at the top end of the strip. If you have a car like we did (and even better, a non-drinker in your party) then this is a great place to stay if you are on a budget.	
Oct 18 2006	Sorry Folks Park is Closed - The Moose Out Front Should Have Told You!	In keeping with the “Themed Hotel” experience in Vegas, the Circus Circus Manor did a wonderful job of making me feel like I was staying in a Slum. Apparently Vegas was “broken” in general on this trip. But for this review, I’ll stick to the items at this property exclusively.Broken Item #1 – card key reader at Manor Building E front entrance. RESOLUTION: prop door open with bucket so card key not necessary for entrance to buildingBroken Item #2 – room safe did good job of taking my quarter – bad job of letting me remove the key to lock it. RESOLUTION: Get different room or live w/o a safe according to their maintenance men staff. (we gladly took a different room in the hotel tower)Broken Item #3 – Adventure Dome leaks badly from recent rains. RESOLUTION: a strategic placement of painter’s buckets and caution tape. Broken Item #4 – Skyway Shuttle to take us from the back of the hotel to the front RESOLUTION: noneBroken Item #5 – about ½ the escalators. RESOLUTION: take the stairsBroken Item #6 – soda vending machine took my money, did not dispense beverage. RESOLUTION: None – but I did have some kids point and laugh at me telling me it’s broken. Apparently I was not the only one who got the raw end of this deal. good times - thanks kids!Broken Item #7 - Fire alarm in the Adventure Dome and surrounding shops and resturaunts was tripped resulting in near deafness and epileptic seizures from the stobing effect.Other items that weren’t really “broken” but were not up to par were •disgusting shower curtains / moldy shower grout•toilet that leaned to the left.•stinky towels	
Oct 6 2006 	Too far from everything	This motel was very basic. The walk to the main hotel is long. The pool was just your basic pool. Its very hard to go back to this ho hum place after visiting the beautiful hotels of Las Vegas.I would NOT go back to this motel.	
Sep 14 2006 	Great for a Vegas trip on a Budget.	I went to Las Vegas and stayed in the B building of the Manor lodge of Circus Circus. The actual hotel room wasn't too bad. It had a refrigerator, a table, a tv, wireless internet, and the bathroom was decent. The rates were amazing, and it allowed me to spend more money on my outings. The pool was pretty nice. There were three seperate pools which spread out the groups of people. If you are looking to eat on a budget the casino has many cheap places to eat. The casino is at the end of the strip so to get to all the new hotels it is best to take the bus. I rode the Duce bus which ran 24hours and returned to the bus stop every 15 minutes. It is $5 for a 24hour pass, which keeps it resonably cheap. I wouldn't reccomend this hotel for someone who is looking for a fancy new place, and to be in the center of the strip. I would reccomend this hotel for someone like me who needed to travel to vegas cheaply. It is much nicer than other hotels in its price range.	
Aug 18 2006 	Not bad but lock up your valuables.	It's a bit of a family tradition to stay at Circus Circus for us each time we have visited Vegas since 1994. Previously we had stayed in the Tower rooms and the RV park, but decided this time on the Manor because we had a rental car for the entire length of stay. I have to say that the rooms are bigger than the Tower's and are quite clean and nicely decorated, they also have a Refrigerator which you don't get in the tower's, but unfortunately no Microwave or Internet connection. Having to go to the main building to check in and out is a nuisance, but once you are there at least you don't have to drag suitcases through the midway and the casino which is a big plus. As neither my daughter or myself are gamblers, we didn't miss having to walk through a smoke filled Casino every time we left our room. However, prospective guests beware, we did have items of newly purchased clothing go &quot;missing&quot; from our room, so I would recommend keeping your suitcases LOCKED and keep money and valuables with you. We contacted 'Security' who were very uninterested and advised that it was unlikely they would find the &quot;missing&quot; items, they issued a Report number only on my insistance, which I will need to claim on my travel insurance.If you want fancy Pools with slides and stuff this is not for you, also if you don't have your own transport, stay further towards the middle of the strip. This is one of the older hotels and the local rumour is that it's days are numbered, along with a few others nearby, but I think the theme is good, so hopefully they will re-build it with all the &quot;Bells and whistles&quot;.	
Jul 25 2006 	Nice hotel wrong location.	I go to Las Vegas every year. My first experience was in October 2004 and my fiancé and I stayed at Circus Circus. The rooms were very nice, but location wise, it was definitely the wrong choice for us. We spent much of our time walking or busing to the other end of the strip. The only time we actually were in the hotel was to sleep or eat. I will not stay at Circus Circus based only on this. It was a nice hotel, with nice staff, and nice rooms. I did however get lost a couple of times trying to get to my room. The price is right, the buffet is okay. It all depends on a persons plans while in Vegas. If this hotel was up the strip more, I would probably stay again. If you do stay here, make sure your room is not near the circus tent at all. I think this would be a fabulous hotel if we had children. Kids would have a blast in this hotel. If you are going to Vegas for the first time, do some research. Plan out what you want to do and stay close to the things you want to do and see. I wish I had.	
Jul 24 2006	Would not stay there again	I stayed at the Circus Circus Hotel, Manor Suites (which is separate from the Tower (the main building) for a show my son was a part of 4th of July weekend 2006. First off, let me say that the manor suites are like staying at a motel. There is a totally separate facility, parking lot, buildings, pool, etc., which was extremely inconvenient considering the 115 degree weather. If you want to go eat, you have to cross the street to the main building, if your key gets lost or if they go bad, you have to cross the street, if you need anything, you have to cross the street to the main tower to see concierge, front desk support; if you want to go gambling or to eat, and the list goes on and on, again you have to cross walk across the parking, cross the street, go through the indoor parking lot then to the main tower. The rooms have just beds and a phone, no pamphlets or brochures for advice on the areas attractions, etc. The pool area was crowded, the pool was cloudy and there was nothing fancy about it, no water fall, diving board, slide, nothing. Just hot concrete, and warm water, and even that is a treck from the manor rooms. The service by every employee I came into contact with was average, non-helpful and sometimes rude, everyone from maid servers, amusement park personnel, front desk employers and even a manager. When I mentioned some issues to the manager she said &quot;oh sorry&quot;, but never offered any compensation whatsoever, not even a comment card, I had to ask for one and then was pointed to where I could find it. All in all, I would not recommend this hotel room, especially not a manor room to anyone, not to sure what the Tower (the main building) rooms had to offer.	
Jun 29 2006	Not the family friendly place it makes out to be	We decided to stay at the circus circus hotel as we have a 21mth old infant. Afterall they do advertise as a family friendly hotel. After queuing for over an hour to check in we eventually got to our rooms which didnt even have a fridge. In 40 plus heat with an infant the least you would expect in your hotel room is a fridge !. The net curtains were badly stained and the beds felt like they had no mattresses on them. We stayed here as part of a self organised tour of the west coast and nevada and I have to say it was the worst hotel we've ever stayed in. We then had to queue again (for over 40mins) to check out as the &quot;express checkout&quot; facility on the TV was not available. I really would not reccommend this hotel to ANYONE travelling to Las Vegas. It is badly in need of updating. There are too many other Faboulous places to stay for little or no extra.	
May 18 2006	easy parking.	Easy parking. Unlike most other hotels, you can easily park your car in front of the Manor buildings and walk to/reach your room within a minute. It's old, yes. But you can't beat the parking....	
May 3 2006 	Clean spacious great for budget travellers.	This was my first trip to Las Vegas and after reading all the awful reviews on this hotel I was really not looking forward to my stay at Circus Circus. I stayed at the Manor Motor Lodge as it was the only one with vacancy during the NAB convention. The room was very clean, no weird smells, no weird stains. Being able to park in front of my room in a well lit parking lot was very convenient. I would say upper-scale MOTEL quality is the best way to describe this place. The clown channel on tv was rather freakish but I've seen worse. As long as you're not expecting golden toilets and silk towels, this hotel/motel is OK.	
Apr 5 2006	Circus Circus---Never stay at the Manor	Circus Circus has a &quot;budget&quot; section that is not properly described. The Manor at Circus Circus is in such a state of disrepair it is unbelievable. Stains in carpet, fans in bathroom that do not work, beds with painful springs, honestly, this place was worse than a LOW budget chain. Yeah, they were cooperative, but they had to move us 3 TIMES, and apologized profusely, talk about embarrasing.  Apparently they are tearing The Manor down within the next 2 years. I've stayed at Best Western, Motel 6, Holiday Inn, La Quinta, etc. SO much better. Apparently the management has deemed it unnecessary to make repairs to certain areas, i.e., the escalators, elevator, ice machines, and so on. We were utterly dissapointed with our stay, even though we were only in the room for an average of 4 hours per night. Next time we go for the NASCAR races, we will get the Package with a better Hotel, possibly TI. From Washington state---------Scott	
Apr 2 2006	One SNAFU but otherwise okay	I couldn't get a room at the Hilton because it and almost everywhere else had the day I was arriving as a &quot;no arrival&quot; day, so I was kind of desperate. Finally, I booked a Manor room at the Circus Circus through an online service for the first night and then got a reservation at the Hilton the rest of the visit. Fortunately, I printed and took with me the online service's email confirming my reservation and the fact that the room was paid for in advance and unrefundable, because when I got to the Circus Circus, they had no record of me having a reservation. They did give me a room, though, and by the time I checked out, they had figured out what was wrong and didn't charge me anything. Well, except that silly $1.00 surcharge for the phone. Why don't they just include that in the room rate?I was pleasantly surprised by the room. It was very large and comfortable. The bed was reasonably comfortable and there was like a dinette table with chairs, too. The only frustrating thing was that the cable TV had only like 4 channels (Headline news, ESPN, TBS, and something else) besides the hotel's in house channels. Who doesn't have CBS, NBC, and ABC on their hotel TV cable???The porters were very, very helpful.I would stay here again if I needed to. It's not my first choice, but it did in the pinch.	
Jan 8 2006	8 Days @ Circus Circus	Our party of 8 arrived in Las Vegas on Dec. 4 for a week and took up 4 rooms in the West Tower. Our $40 room was on the 10th floor immediately above the check in counter. Apart from a bit of initial confusion over which elevator to take our stay was quite pleasant. Our room was clean and well appointed, the only disappointment was the limited view of the roof of the amusewment park. Not a big deal. The rest of our party had no complaints about their rooms. The hotel was fairly quiet in spite of the rodeo finals taking place that week and the only busy day was the Saturday. We patronized the buffet for breakfast most mornings and it was fine although like much of Vegas nowadays it's not overly cheap. I have stayed at this hotel in the past in the cheaper Manor rooms and have never had any trouble with the property of any sort. We checked out the Strato Tower one afternoon and on hearing that we were staying at CC the elevator guy said, &quot;C'mon now, I hear the rooms there are real dumps.&quot; Sorry, partner, no such luck on the 10th floor.	
Jul 4 2005	Very good hotel for the money(booked early)great buffet!!	Our family of 4 stayed in the manor building..It was very comfortable-2 queen beds.. This was a busy place when you first check-in but it was worth it!! The buffet was excellent, the kids have the indoor roller coasters and the circus shows, the adults have the casinos..OVERALL an EXCELLENTHOTEL with many extras.. We booked the internet rate and felt it was More than a bargain for the price we paid.	
Apr 29 2005	Vegas 2005	I had the pleasure of visiting Las Vegas again this year, but this time, I stayed at Circus Circus. I stayed in one of the Manor Rooms, which was quite a distance from the main casino (my mother was not pleased, she has trouble walking long distances). Since it was late when I checked in, I had to wait until the next morning. I went to the front desk and asked if there was another room available in one of the Towers. The only room they had was a smoking room (we don't smoke), but you couldn't tell that it was a smoking room. Once we moved into our new room the stay was very very enjoyable. I even strolled the Midway, I felt like a kid again. Even though it was a long way from the newer hotel casinos, the trolley was available. We also visited The Orleans, my mother and my sister said they had come home to roost. Circus Circus is a great place, especially if you have children. I would stay there again. I plan to visit Vegas annually.	
Mar 29 2005 	Vegas is a rip	My hubby &amp; I just returned from a convention in Las Vegas staying at Circus Circus. Our room was on the 14th floor of the skytower. It was neat and clean, had fresh towels each day, and quiet. We were pleased with our room and service. The only thing I didn't like was the fact we had no coffee maker in our room. Had to go downstairs from the 14th floor to the Krispy Kreme shop each morning. Took about 20-30 minutes to get down and back. But Las Vegas in general is another story. What a rip. Talk about expensive. This town used to be reasonable. Not any more. Hardly any free drinks. They cut down on the cocktail waitresses coming around the slot machines, takes about an hour till they come around again, because they want you to go up to the bars and buy your drinks. No cash coming out the machines, you get vouchers to cash in. No more using the coins that come out the machines, they want you to keep digging in your wallet. No coffee makers in rooms like I previously mentioned. We sat down at the bar at New York New York for a drink and the barmaid said we won't get free drinks until we put $10 in the machines at the bar. We drank our $8 mix drinks and left. The coaster atop New York New York is $12.50 to ride one time, $25.00 for all day. It's hard to find a bus at night. Sat for almost 1 hour one evening when it was cold and windy. The Blue Iguana restaurant inside Circus Circus is closed 2 nights a week due to cutting labor. C'mon it's Vegas. Restaurants shouldn't close. It's not that there isn't enough of customers. Even Hoover Dam now charges. Five bucks to park and $10 for the boring tour. I've seen all of Hoover Dam I'm gonna see. We had a great time but it's way too expensive for my wallet. Vegas has seen the last of me for a very long time.	
Jan 5 2005	What a dump	We stayed in 3 hotels over Xmas and this one was the worst!!! Would not stay there again, way better across the street to the Riveria. I called them from the tourist office in Prim, paid $80 and got this crap hole. Stay away at all cost!!!!!!	
Dec 4 2004	It Sucks	We booked two rooms with Circus Circus recently. We were charged $90/- per room and we were given Manor Motor Lodge building E.Both rooms were poorly maintained, dusty and the bed spreads had stains in them. I had never seen anything as dirty as these rooms. When I walked back to the reception (and this was late in the night), the receptionist said you get what you paid for. The manager was as rude.I will never stay with them again. You can't get anything worse.	
Sep 18 2004	YUCK!	This place was such a horrible dump. It smelled old, smoky and like urine, there were very questionable people there and when we were trying to check in we had to park on a high level and walk down through grafitti ridden staircases because the elevator did not work. I wouldn't let my family sit on anything and we demanded our prepaid 1st night back as we refused to stay even one minute in such a ****heap of a motel. I am not even mentioning the surly women in the parking area. We had just stayed in a wonderful hotel in Anaheim, this was a real shock. Don't stay here!	
Aug 13 2004	Not as bad as made out to be by previous reviewers!!!!	We just got back from Las Vegas today!!! The manor rooms were certainly more than adequate.They were older but very clean.The manor rooms have parking right outside which was very convenient.There is a small dorm size frig which is great for keeping milk or sodas in or formula if you have a baby.The room was very inexpensive,low $40's for 2 adults,2 kids.If you don't like or have children then Circus Circus isn't the place for you.Another hotel would probably better meet your needs.The circus acts are a bit short,but my 10 yo daughter liked them.The Adventure Dome was fun and an ok deal using the coupon book provided @ check in.It was about $36 for my daughter and I to get the unlimited rides pass.I am 40 yo but even I had a good time laughing w/my daughter.The pool was crowded but in 100+ weather what pool wouldn't be crowded?We didn't eat in any of the hotel except for in the Adventure Dome and then only snacks.Overall,Circuc Circus is an enjoyable place to go if you're going on a FAMILY vacation.	
Aug 10 2004	DUMP!	Circus Circus is a dump! The walls are paper thin. Even though we were in a non-smoking room, we could smell smoke. The cleaning staff was noisy. Way too many kids! If you want to take your kids on vacation, go to Disney World! I'll never stay here again.	
Jun 3 2004	Better than expected Fun	We were pleased with Circus Circus and the manor room was better than we expected. Room was clean, not too large but decent. The property is certainly older but well presented and the rate was a bargain. Noise isolation from room to room seemed very good. It was a plus to be able to park so close to the room as well. The kids enjoyed the midway acts and games, not bad if you be sure to use the Fun Books. The Adventure Dome and rides looked great although we did not wind up using it. The Westside Deli offers jumbo hotdogs, huge Donuts and a massive Stawberry Shortcake for just $1.50 each.The north strip location is a bit remote, better if you have a car here.Our only gripes were the much too plump pillows, bring your own and the pool closing at 6:00 PM. Absurd to throw out the guests from the pool when still blazing hot.All in all, we feel we did well at Circus Circus. 	
Apr 20 2004	Good value espcially if you're driving your car	My boyfriend and I stayed here in the summer or 2002 (I know. I'm late with this review.) It was a great Vegas room. The room was large, quiet and clean. Because of the Motor Lodge set-up, we easily parked in front of our entrance. We didn't have to deal with walking through the casino or the large hotel to get to the room--it was only seconds from the car to the room. It's also easy to drive to from the strip. Because it's Vegas, we weren't in our room much at all. This was the perfect place to crash. I've stayed at the MGM Grand before and liked the CC Motor Lodge much better. It's more practical if you're out and about exploring Sin City.	
Sep 22 2008 	Bon rapport qualité prix!		
