Sep 28 2009	Great Hotel	I just returned from a 3 night stay at this facility and was impressed by the overall cleanliness and great customer service. The front desk staff was always helpful and courteous and the rooms comfy and clean. The free breakfast was very convenient and had a good variety of items. This hotel is in a great location, close to many stores and restaurants, but I do have to agree with other reviewers that it is hard to find. We drove right past it because we didn't see the tiny sign and the hotel sits way back off the street.I would definitely stay here again if I were in this area of Las Vegas.I would like to add a side note: Although it was not the fault of the hotel, there were 5 cars broken into the last night of our stay. Windows were smashed and items stolen. Luckily our car was not involved but our friends were not so fortunate. My advice would be to park in the front parking area outside the main entrance.	
Sep 23 2009 	great location when visiting Red Rock Canyon	I have stayed here twice (Aug 2007 just after it opened and July 2009) and the service is great, rooms are very clean, and it's a great location for hiking, cycling, etc in the Red Rock Canyon area. Also, there are many restaurants close by and retail also if you forgot something for your trip.	
Mar 30 2009	Most Accomodating	While the facilities may not be extravagant, they were Very comfortable, clean, and most of all the staff, all of them that I encountered were most accommodating and truly went out of their way to “serve” us. Most facilities just cringe when teams come in but the staff certainly did not show it to us if they did! There were many examples……courteous upon check in, offered water before/after my run, breakfast to go bags early morning departure flight – great!, no charge for one of our players who ended up staying with his mom at a hotel downtown that I was not aware of, sending home my daughter’s shirt she left in the dresser not charge, rollaway at no charge, good hot breakfast, …. To name a few!I will certainly stay there again for future soccer tournaments and other visits to Vegas.	
Mar 14 2009 	lovely hotel friendly helpful staff	Had an excellent stay here on 28th Feb &amp; 1st March. Room very clean and bed very comfortable. Staff were excellent and breakfast lovely. would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 1 2009 	great new hampton	We spent the first week of January in Vegas and stayed one night, Dec. 31 (to avoid high casino prices) at the Hampton before heading to the casino area.Spent New Years Eve evening at the Red Rock Casino...just a few minutes away.As others mentioned, the hotel is somewhat hard to find. You can see it as you exit the freeway, but the sign is very small so you need to keep the hotel in sight to guide you.It was one of the nicest Hamptons we've stayed at....modern, quiet, and clean.Breakfast on New Years Day was very crowded and the woman in charge had a tough time keeping up with enough of the typical hot entrees. She was working hard but the crowds around 9 AM were a bit overwhelming. Everyone was pleasant, tho.If you don't want or need to be on the strip or downtown area, I would recommend this hote.	
Nov 15 2008 	Very Hard to Find But nice	The Hotel was vey clean but if the La Quinta Inn had'nt been next to it we would never had found it. The street it is on was very difficult to locate. You do not see it until you were up on it. There are no signs pointing to it. Finding the hotel is the down side, everything else was really good. The room was clean and the beds were nice and cozy. The breakfast area was clean and well stock. It was a full breakfast. The food was hot and fresh.	
Aug 24 2008 	We'll give it another chance.....	We just returned from staying here at the Hampton Inn &amp; Suites in Sumerlin, NV. The first problem we encountered was trying to find it. We exited Flamingo Rd. and we were suppose to turn left on Grand Canyon. We entirely missed it because it is a very small sign and there is no indicator showing that the Hampton is there. Use the Las Vegas Athletic Club as your guide because it's right next to it. The second problem we encountered was attempting to use the pool at 3:00 p.m. we walked right by the front desk and went out to the pool to be turned away because the deck was being power washed. We were told to come back in 30 minutes, it took more than 40 minutes. Other than those two incidents we enjoyed our stay. The room was very spacious, the bed was very comfortable and the breakfast was very good. We do intend on returning again in November.	
Jul 20 2008 	Very Nice	New hotel in a new area. There are several restaurants within walking distance. The hotel is a long distance from the strip and casinos so on a Friday night it was nearly empty and very quiet. Pool was nice, but no hot tub. Breakfast was the standard Hampton Inn breakfast. Would stay here again.	
Jun 18 2008	Absolutely fantastic	This is the kind of place that I really hope can maintain its standards as the years go on. It's almost brand new (as of June 2008), so everything looks very nice and is well-kept. If they keep it that way, there's no other place we'd ever stay in Vegas.Easily the best Hampton Inn room we've had. Well designed, clean, quiet. The best part about the room is they designed it to where there is a 3/4 wall between the bed and the bathroom and front door. So even if there were hallway noise (which, thankfully, there wasn't during our stay), I think it would be less of an issue.But, speaking of noise, there is a lot of building going on in Summerlin, including a bit lot to the west of the hotel. The workers were out before 8 a.m. on our second morning, which wasn't a problem for us, but I could see it annoying others.The free business center had two computers and two printers. (As is Hampton tradition, one printer didn't work correctly. But the other did, so no worries.) The exercise room was as modern as any I've seen at high-priced properties. Television monitors were built into each machine.The breakfast layout was typical Hampton. Nothing more, nothing less.Summerlin is a suburb and it feels like a suburb. But I didn't mind that after a day on the Strip. Getting to and from the Strip wasn't a problem at all. I'm guessing it was about a 7 or so mile drive each way, with traffic flowing well each time we made the journey.There's no question at all that this is where we'd stay if going back to Vegas.	
Apr 29 2008 	Smart non-Vegas option in Vegas	Nicely designed and decorated, especially for a Hampton Inn, this utilitarian dream provides clean, up-to-date accomodations in a nice neighborhood close to restaurants, shopping and about 5 minutes from the Red Rock Casino and Resort - for a fraction of the price.	
Jan 5 2008 	Happy with the Hampton Inn	I recently spent four nights here, staying in two different rooms over the course of the same week.The first night was in a room with an exceptionally comfortable king sized bed with fluffy duvet and plenty of pillows to choose from. The room had a big screen TV, writing desk and great reading lamps, which I much appreciated. The bathroom was spacious and well appointed. It had a shower stall with sliding doors (no tub, which was fine with me), free standing vanity, plenty of towels, several towel/clothing hooks, nice amenities and a night light, which I always find helpful when staying in an unfamiliar place.This room was spotlessly clean, quiet , comfortable and everything I needed to recover from a series of international flights from SE Asia.The second stay was for three nights in a double room, which had two queen sized beds, a bathroom with shower and tub.The beds, although smaller, had the same comfortable mattresses, spotless bedding and several pillows.This room wasn't as thoroughly clean as the first (different housekeeper perhaps?) but was very comfortable just the same.The hotel is close to some shops, yet in a quiet area away from the chaos of Las Vegas.During the second stay, the hotel was experiencing some sewage back-up issues. The lobby, business center and most of the first floor smelled terrible for two days, but the hotel staff was aware of the problem and was trying to correct it. The breakfast was good and included in the rate (yogurt, bagels, toast, waffles, fruit, etc). The hotel offers tea and coffee throughout the day, which I thought was a nice touch.	
Nov 4 2007 	Great place away from the Strip!	My husband and I stayed at this brand new Hampton for a quick trip to visit our son in Summerlin. We upgraded to a studio suite for an additional $20.00. The front desk staff was very friendly and checkin very quick. The room was quite spacious with a view of the Strip at night. The bed was wonderful and the room itself was spotlessly clean. Contemporary decorating, Hampton breakfast was included and is only about 10 - 15 minutes from the Strip on surface streets. It's also very close to many good restaurants. It has a little &quot;convenience shop&quot; in the lobby to get sodas, popcorn, ice cream or toiletries although those items are quite a bit more pricey than in a store. I would recommend this hotel to anybody that doesn't want to deal with the traffic and congestion of the Strip but wants a very convenient location in Vegas.	
Oct 3 2007 	Excellent stay!	We visit family in LV often, and this was our first experience at the Hampton Inn, where we spent two weekend nights. The hotel was terrific--new, very clean w/an efficient and friendly staff. The room was comfortable and quiet. Nice workout room and excellent breakfast. Also convenient to the highway. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Dec 7 2008 	Neues Hampton mit schlechter Geräuschdämmung		
