Nov 9 2009 	Vegas's Hidden Treasure	GREAT PLACE TO STAY! Las Vegas’ hidden treasure! The staff at the Aruba was incredibly accommodating and helpful. The manager Raj was so friendly and welcoming. The setting at the Aruba is perfect for a romantic getaway. Just hop, skip, and a jump off the main strip, the Aruba’s location can’t be beat. Great prices, clean rooms, romantic atmosphere, and top of the line spa treatments are just a few of the delights the Aruba has to offer. No need to venture to the main strip when you have the Thunderbird lounge in the hotel lobby. The drinks in the Thunderbird lounge were generous portioned and reasonably priced. A great group of locals hang out in the Thunderbird lounge, complete with local talent for entertainment. In the room, beds were comfy and the room was cozy. Beautiful sights and friendly faces welcome you at the Aruba. Don’t miss Vegas’ best kept secret!	
Jul 25 2008 	Worst Hotel we've ever stayed at!	We booked this trip with tripres.com, which I must add they corrected all issues we experienced by switching hotels for us. Aruba Hotel has got to be the worst experience we have ever had. The entire description is incorrect and the photos are deceiving. We arrived to the hotel late, as the flight was a late flight. We had to check in at the bar, which had buckets catching drips of water from a ceiling that isn’t in the photos of the bar. Once finally getting checked in, we walked through a maze over the roof and along a long hall, very long walk for being one of the very few guests at the hotel. Once arriving at the room, the floors were all ceramic tile with two throw rugs, not vacuumed (debris all over). The room was bland and barely had the regular amenities of a hotel. The bedspread was ripped and falling apart, once removing the bedspread is the true horror. There was hair all over the pillows and sheets including a pair of hairs attached to a scab... that night we slept on the top of the sheets and covered ourselves with a blanket that we had with us. Once daylight came and we left the next day, we were able to see everything much more clearly which included the pool, which we only looked at from afar but it followed the deceiving photos argument. We did not notice anything that made this hotel a spa either, just 8x10 paper signs made by hand labeled “hotel &amp; spa”. The surroundings weren’t the best that Vegas has to offer either. Across the street is a strip club, which may be a plus for some. On the strip side of the hotel is a whole line of drive through weddings. Just to add to this, we've only talked to one person our entire trip that has even remotely heard of this hotel, and that was only after a cab drove us all around Vegas trying to find the thing. No shuttle bus goes there or picks up there even though its downtown. A travel hint for Vegas is to stay away from Cabs. Thirty bucks per trip each ride. The deuce goes up and down the strip and if you can’t get to something from the deuce when in relation to the strip then it isn’t worth it because it makes it impossible to get around in Vegas that way.Pros about this hotel would include: clean towels and the bathroom seemed clean although didn’t feel safe using it. We used the towels for pillows.	
Jul 10 2008 	Be ready...	Me and my friends were very disapointed! There was terible hotel service, dirty rooms, disqusting bathrooms with NO towels. We asked for towels couple times, they promised to bring them and they finally did last night (2 towels for 4 people:o). We are not picky people but this one was too much.	
May 19 2008	Do your research	Normally, we read reviews but didn't in this case and chose to stay here because a trusted music event had held their annual festival here a few months ago and after looking at the website thought it looked like a decent place. Big mistake! I would not recommend this place to anyone. By looking at the photos on their professional website, we had the impression that it was a cool old school hotel that had been refurbished with a nod to their historic past. Sadly, the place is just old and rundown. It seemed that everything that could go wrong with the room did. We actually had to switch rooms twice and even had to buy our own sheets and pillows at Target since theirs were unacceptable (hair and stains), they didn't have any extras (all sheets and blankets were being cleaned). The towels had stains, everything in the room had the general feel of squalor. Thank goodness we had our own car and could escape to buy these necessities. The pool was cloudy, so didn't use. We were stuck staying here because all rooms seemed to be sold out in other hotels or cost 400+ and didn't care to spend that much. We relearned a valuable lesson- research, research, research. On a side note, the general staff was fine but management should be ashamed to run a place with such blaring issues.	
Apr 15 2008 	Whoop! Whoop! When can we go back??	We were heading to Vegas on a business trip, then decided to make it a longer stay and have some fun. We picked the Aruba because it has a pool, restaurant and lounge on the property. (We were on vacation after all!) AND... The price was certainly well within our budget!!Once we navigated the airport(!) We had no problem getting to the hotel- we actually took a limo- THAT was fun, and probably an unusual sight to pull up to the Aruba in a limo!The check -in staff was very friendly and helpful.The first elevator we came to didn't work, ugh! Our room was on the third floor! Whew! The second elevator worked and was much closer to our room.I was VERY skeptical what to expect of the room after reading many of the reviews, but I was delighted! Beautiful area rugs on the tile floors, and I think tile is much more sanitary than carpets anyway! The bedding and curtains were lovely. It's obviously an older building, and things are kinds run down, but what the heck, we are there for the town, not the room. Our next stop was the lounge-WOW! Amazing history in there! The old photos are wonderful, you can FEEL the history and excitement! The bartenders are outstanding!! AND... it's happy hour from 6am-6pm!!! That's a LOT of sweet happiness in a cup! :)We proceeded on to our next adventure on the property- The Pool.WOW! FUN!! We had a blast! Being from Washington State, we were overjoyed to be in the sun and the heat and had a hoot in this big beautiful pool!After swimming and cleaning up, we next tried the restaurant on the property. Now, I am not saying that everyone's experience will be the same here, but... We found the restaurant, Esteffany's, I believe it is called, to be an enormous let-down. They did not have the first items we ordered off the menu. Our food took an hour to get to the table (and we were the only people in there) and the food when it did arrive, well. Let's just say I have never had instant mashed potatoes served with chicken Parmesan before, nor do I ever hope to again. One really GREAT thing about the restaurant- The VEGETABLES were HEAVENLY! Zucchini and carrots....... yummmmmm... wish I had some of those now!!We stayed there 5 nights and 6 days and yes, we will go back. It is great to be off the beaten path, away from the crowds, within walking distance to anything we need, and any further- Hop on the Deuce! Wow, the double decker bus- ride once for $2 or pay $5 and get a 24 hour pass to ride as often as you like. It takes you from the crazy &quot;strip&quot; up to the Best area- FREEMONT! Wow, go there! The Aruba is in the middle of it all, away from them, but close enough. We spent one entire day just hanging around the neighborhood, and we did not see hookers, beggers, etc. Just a lot of newly wedded couples! :)The very best part of the Aruba experience was the people- They ALL were wonderful to us and made the trip more fun.Yes, you can stay in the glitzy, costly hotels, but you are more likely to get robbed, snubbed, spend all your money, overwhelmed, and not experience the history you get being in the Old Thunderbird.We love this place, and we will be back!!	
Mar 17 2008	Use common sense and Aruba makes sense.	Just returned from Las Vegas and yes, I did stay at The Aruba. Reason being, the usual places I book were either sold out on one or more nights of my stay, or were off the charts pricewise due to conventions and spring break. After reading some other reviews of this place I have to say ... use some common sense when evaluating this place. Before taxes the average nightly rate was 34.00. That should tell you something. Also, realize that this location is north of the Stratosphere along Las Vegas Blvd in an older section of the strip that .... imagine this ... is somewhat of a seedy neighborhood. The building is old, the exterior paint color is horrible, the parking lot needs much better lighting at night and is in need of repaving. However, the actual rooms sit back off the strip about 60 to 75 yards, my room was spacious, clean and very average. The bathroom looked like it had been remodelled in the last year or two. Basic tv, basic phone, older drapes ... all for 34.00 a night. The staff was great, and one night the night clerk actually walked me to the room as it was very late. This isn't Caesars, it's not even Motel 6, but in a pinch all things considered it was more than adequate for one guy for one week on business. Not a family, not a couple, one guy. If one uses common sense you'll be fine here. Restaurant there is ok, just ok, but for the last time ... 34.00 a night this will certainly meet SOME people's needs.	
Feb 18 2008 	Not too bad	This hotel wasn't quite as bad as some of the reviews on here. It's kinda ghetto, and a lot of the cab drivers don't know where it's at, but for the price you really can't beat it. The room was a little dusty and the walls were thin, but for the most part it was clean. The emplyees are really friendly. On our last day there we had been up all night gambling, and they let us have the room until 3:00 so we could take a nap before our flight home. The Thunderbird lounge is really cool too, there is a lot of history there. They will give you free drinks if you are gambling on the machines at the bar. Overall, the only negative is the location (about a $20 cab ride to the action of the larger hotels/casinos). A lot of the other reviews talk about hookers hanging out by the hotel. I did not see any. There is a strip club accross the street, but that's it. If you're looking for a simple, inexpensive place to stay, this is the place.	
Aug 19 2007 	Good affordable place to stay	I was very skeptical about the place when i made the reservation but still decided to give it a shot. Upon arrival the Front desk staff was very helpful and the room was very clean and comfortable. I would definately come here again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Hot Ghetto Mess!!!!! You Have Been Warned!!! 	This hoe-TEL was the hottest mess I’ve ever seen….please do not confuse me for the illiterate as I do know how to spell. However, in this case, this was exactly what you’re thinking when I say “hoe” tel…I half expected louie the pimp to meet me in the parking lot to convince me of how $10 would get me $20!!! First of all, the pics on aruba’s website are photo-shopped!! That is not the front, back, side nor aerial view of the hotel itself…except for the avocado green….they forgetfully left out the pics of the vagabonds, strippers and addicts that greet you upon entry of the parking lot…the room well let’s just put it like this, you have a laminated warning sign notifying you of in the event of missing items what you will be charged starting with the T.V. for $300 on down to the face towel for $10.…the air? What air? We went in the hottest season and yet somehow they figured out how to have the individual cooling units fixed as the air never made it past the 1st bed by the front door… HOPEFULLY, the EDUCATED will get my SARCASIM as that is all you‘ll be left with once you‘ve booked and pull up to the hotel!!! And the travel website that I used did not try to accommodate me either….as a matter of fact, in the words of ’shante’ the manager, (WHO'S THE ONLY SHANTE IN THERE COMPANY BTW OR SO SHE SAID BECAUSE SHE REFUSED TO PROVIDE ME WITH A LAST NAME) it was my responsibility to know what I‘m booking and not take their word for it!!! I should‘ve known...when I had to call the company and hound them about not getting my email confirmation that that was a sign to cancel the reservation!!!	
May 21 2007 	We were satisfied with the Aruba	Room was basic and functional. Beds were comfortable. We loved Liam, the bar tender. Breakfast is inexpensive and tasty but not available Monday and Tuesday. We easily flagged down taxis to take us to the strip and airport. It's funky and full of history. It is a bit away from the main part of the strip but only a $15 taxi ride (the traffic jams made the ride more expensive).	
Apr 26 2007	Very Misleading	We found this place online and the pictures online are VERY MISLEADING. do not stay here, Beds were sqeaky, Renovation not finished, very noisy, elevator closes on you, even the dining expierience was not good. Aruba Hotel &amp; Spa, didnt see the spa anywhere . The only thing that was half way decient was the honeymoon suite.. Your better off staying at a Motel 6 or something, this Aruba is not a HOTEL at all.....	
Mar 12 2007 	Deplorable conditions	Avoid the Aruba hotel. It was by far the worst hotel experience I've had. I can't properly describe everything that was bad about this place, but here's an attempt.- There were knife holes in my dingy, musty smelling bedspread. I couldn't help but think that somebody had died in my bed.- The entire room is tile floor. The tile is uneven, chipped, and rather rough. Definitely bring flipflops, not only because of the tile, but to keep your feet from touching the filthy ground and the slimy bathtub.- The TV went out in the last few minutes of my universities conference championship b-ball game. The cable TV never worked again.- I had my first introduction to bed bugs and was constantly itching and being bitten all night long.- The tile and the thin walls make it VERY noisy. I could almost drown out the noise with the very loud air conditioner.- The phone rang twice in the night but nobody was there when we picked up. Beyond that, a fire alarm somewhere in the hotel had bad batteries or something and beeped loudly every 5 minutes or so.- The hair dryer burst into sparks when plugged in.- Unless you want to explain to Little Johnny why the girls playing on the swingset in front of the strip club across the street are mostly naked, I'd recommend that you take your family elsewhere. It's located in a very seedy, non-friendly part of town - though it is at one far end of the strip.- The place was generally filthy. The tile floors had not been mopped in some time and when swept, the dirt was just pushed under the beds. The closet and dresser were full of dust, garbage, and hair. The HUGE plastic plant that takes up a good portion of the room had not been dusted... ever.I must say that the woman at the counter was extremely nice and helpful. Check-in was quick and easy. I caught the last few seconds of the game in the bar and it appeared to be a nice, classic place to hang out, though I doubt this to be true because I was the only person there that night.In short, the Aruba is a very cheap place to stay if you can sleep through anything and are comfortable with deplorable living conditions.	
Nov 22 2006	GREAT place for the price!	Back when Las Vegas was for Rat Pack-esque sleazeballs, and I mean that in a loving way, good, clean cheap motels lined the strip, like someone had mushed Park Place with Baltic Avenue together on one street. Those days are dead and gone, and Las Vegas suffers for it, frankly. The Aruba Hotel &amp; Spa is one of the few throwbacks to that glorious era-- a clean, respectable, inexpensive motel in an city full of overblown overcharging casino-hotels. Sure, it's in an area where the main attractions are strip clubs and quickie marriage chapels, but frankly that's *precisely* the charm. Want klassy? Stay at the frickin' Bellagio. Do you want VEGAS, baby? Stay at the Aruba! Mind you, the Aruba truly is a nice hotel in the middle of a very, ahem, non-touristy area. The staff is beyond excellent, the food is decent (and there is a great Cuban restaurant down the street), and the bartender has a PhD in nuclear physics. The bar, The Thunderbird, one of the few original Vegas places left. There is a great sense of history in this place, and they have pictures of their past glory days. If the idea of seeing one of the places Keely, Louis and Sam performed makes you misty, then stay here. You really have no other choice anymore (RIP, Glass Pool Inn, Tam O'Shanter, La Concha...)	
Nov 7 2006 	Great Value for the Price!!	For 3 nights at less than $275, I was pleasantly surprised. Hotel was clean, food was decent, service was good. Would definitely stay there again. Easy access to airport, bus, and the strip. If you are looking to do Vegas on a budget, this is the place.	
Nov 3 2006 	Aruba Las Vegas - skip this one!	I stayed in the Aruba hotel last weekend on my trip to Vegas. I really wish I would have invested more and stayed in a hotel closer to the strip. If you choose to walk, it's definitely at least a half-hour hike! The hotel itself was clean BUT the area where it is located (between Strip and Downtown) was terrible! It is opposite all sorts of stripjoints with very seedy characters hanging around - I did not feel safe.The hotel is very simple and the rooms are a bit worn out and in the night you can hear everything from outside. A tip: Invest in a taxi from the airport instead of taking the shuttlebus. This will save you loads of time as Aruba is one of the last hotels on the shuttle-round. However, most taxidrivers had no clue where the hotel was when they asked where I was staying.Afterwards I can only say: Had I only spent more money on a nice hotel closer to the Strip....but you get what you pay for and Aruba is cheap. I did manage to have a great time though :-)	
Mar 20 2006	Not a good choice	We stayed at the Aruba Las Vegas Saturday night, March 11, 2006. The floors were tiled, comforter and curtains looked new and there was a coffee pot. The walls are very thin, sounded like furniture being moved in the room above us and loud talking, music and doors closing loudly around us. The heat did not work. The front desk sent a very nice security man to look at it (this was about 11:30 p.m.)and offered to move us to another room which we declined due to the late hour. He returned with extra blankets. A tan chair in the room and artificial plants were very dirty and the kitchen we had to walk thru to the bathroom was perhaps in the process of being removed or renovated (I hope) as it was certainly not useable - oven and stovetop dirty and with controls removed, sink covered with a board. It is in a seedy part of town. Because it was the only room our travel agent could find we were quoted $119 and paid about $135 with taxes. I would not stay there again.	
Mar 7 2006	Horrible Beyond Comprehension	This was the worst hotel experience that I have ever had in Vegas or anywhere else. I was deceived into believing that it was a nice HOTEL (not a motel) based on the description and the pictures, but believe me, it was not! The light fixtures needed bulbs, and there was no heat available in the room. I felt completely unsafe as we had to walk down a poorly lit alley and parking lot to our third floor rooms. One of the two elevators was also non-operational. The most frustrating part was the fact that even the Las Vegas cabbies did not recognize the name or location of the hotel, so it was very difficult, almost impossible to get a cab to pick us up. As a result we missed our morning flight after calling THREE cab companies to no avail. There was a dancing and loud music in the dance area that lasted until 5 in the morning. When we awoke to leave at 6 a.m., there was a man sleeping or unconcious on the roof of his car. Be warned travelers - STAY AWAY FROM THE ARUBA MOTEL!	
Jan 12 2006	Good Value but Marginal Location	Four of us stayed at the Aruba (formerly the Thunderbird) on a Saturday night in January when other hotels were just too pricey or unavailable because of conventions under way. We paid $70 for each room and the hotel was completely full.On the plus side, the rooms were clean, the tile floor there was nice, and the person on duty in the lobby (Rosie) was warm and helpful. In fact, she greeted me by name, saying that I was the last person to check in that day. We did not eat in the lounge or dining room but they looked OK from a distance. Christmas decorations were still up and the decor was definitely in the kitsch category.The negatives included certain things about the rooms (a stained towel, only a hand-held shower, a TV remote that didn't work) but the main downside was the location. As many have noted, the Aruba is in a somewhat seedy part of town with adult businesses near it. The parking lot was well lit but cars parked there had music blaring late at night and shady-looking characters were lounging about. In my opinion, people should not leave anything valuable in a car.Other glitches: the elevator door closed so quickly that we were pinned by it and the walls were so thin that late-night arguments could be easily heard. However, the Aruba gave good value for money paid and I think that anyone who isn't unduly nervous and fearful would find it satisfactory. I personally would stay there again if other hotels were full.	
Jan 9 2006	Above average for the price	I booked into the Aruba because I was in Vegas for New Year's eve and room availability was so low everywhere else. This hotel is more in the style of a motel, but I was pleasantly surprised at its quality. When we arrived, the member of staff at reception couldn't have been more friendly or helpful - he advised us on the best way to get round Vegas and on which roads would be closed to traffic for New Year's. The room was a good size - obviously recently refurbished. Breakfast is not included but I had a delicious, well-priced breakfast in the hotel. The hotel is about a 10 - 15 minute walk to the first of the big casinos, but there is also a bus stop right outside the hotel which can take you all the way down the strip. If you are looking to save money on accommodation in Vegas then I would recommend it.	
Nov 22 2005	Try somewhere else	When we first arrived, it didn't look that bad. The room seemed ok but the bathroom door wouldn't close and the bed wasn't sturdy. The cable wasn't that great and we asked for extra towels and never got them. Also, there was some club event they were hosting and we got back to the hotel at 3am and it was still going on and could not find parking. There were drunk people every where and it was really loud. We decided to come back later and finally found parking. I wouldn't come back.	
Nov 15 2005 	Wish I had stayed on a different night	We stayed on the wrong night. This area of the Strip, now referred to as the Art District, has an evening promotion the first Friday of every month. The Aruba hosts an after hours party in their restaurant. We got in around 10:00 pm. There was hardly any parking to speak of, as it was being used by party patrons, not hotel patrons. There were some drugs beings used in plain sight. When we initially checked in, we were given a room directly above the event. We went back to the front desk and were moved to the back of the hotel. The rooms were both clean and functional. The room and linens didn't smell. However, the walls are very thin. We heard most of the loud discussions throughtout the night from our neighbors. Also, the hotel plays music out by the pool. This wasn't turned off until after midnight and was back on again by 8:00 am. We would have liked to have gone back out, but were now concerned that we wouldn't be able to find parking when we got back. We were told the party would probably go until 5:00 am. Even though they are trying to improve this area, it isn't one that we felt comfortable walking in that time of night. Perhaps if we had stayed on a different night, our opinion would be a little different. The staff was very nice and tried to be accomodating. Based on this experience, I don't think we will be staying there again.	
Aug 16 2005 	Cool retro with big changes	I JUST READ THE REVIEWS FROM 2003.....IT 'AIN'T THAT WAY ANYMORE!!I think a new owner took over. The entire hotel seems to have a had a large restoration and our room was very nice &amp; clean. The Bar &amp; Restaurant were good and drinks &amp; food were reasonably priced. It's back to the 'cool' Thunderbird days of the 1940's, 50's, &amp; 60's.	
Aug 8 2005 	Pleasant Surprise at the Aruba	Although we were sceptical after eading previous reviews, we were surprised how clean, quiet and spacious the rooms were for such budget accomadation. This was a last minute trip, and we didn't have much choice of inexpensive rooms. Although it didn't have all of the &quot;bells and whistles&quot; of staying at a casino, the room was much nicer than the one I had at the Las Vegas Hilton on a previous visit. I would recommend the Aruba if you don't mind staying a few blocks north of the strip area.	
Jun 8 2005 	Excellent	This hotel was very clean and it is under new management so the did a complete renovation of the hotel. Overall i had a good experience. The lounge is great.	
Mar 9 2005	Had a pretty good time...	Upon arrival I was a little scared from the other reviews but my stay was not bad. The only thing that I did not like honestly was the fact that there was no carpet and it was raining the weekend that I was out there so it made the floor kind of gritty. The lounge is really nice, drinks are very affordable, staff was extremely nice and the area is a little far downtown on the strip but not bad... Be real if you are visiting Las Vegas who stays in the room anyway... This hotel got a not so bad in my book.	
Jul 14 2004	Bad experience before I even got there!!!	I received the WORSE customer service ever before I even checked in to the hotel. I called the front desk to change my reservation to a future date. Sounds simple right??? The agent told me that I would have to call in on the day I reserved to cancel..I said if I do that I will get charged and he said well theres nothing I can do thats our policy and hung up on me. I called back several times to ask his name and to speak with a manager. He would pick up the phone and then hang up without even seeing who was on the other end. I faxed over a complaint and left my # for a manager to c/b and they never responded. I decided to check the reviews on this hotel and now I see why the service was terriable.	
Jun 14 2004	Do not stay here!!!	I was struggling to find somewhere to stay as it was the weekend and even though the reviews were bad I thought I would try the Aruba Hotel and Spa(!!), formerly the Thunderbird, but it was a big mistake.Its not in the best part of town and a couple of miles from the main part of The Strip. The room itself was big but was right next to a generator room and there was a loud rattling noise throughout the night.There was a large hole in the bathroom ceiling and it sounded like the people above were about to fall through any minute! There was no plug in the sink, holes in the curtains, no clothes hangers and an antiquated tv. The toilet was new but the bath was dirty and old. The shower had been fixed with tape.The main door to the room was very thin and looked liked it had been through the wars. It didn't provide much confidence in security measures. The decoration in the room looked like it hadn't been touched in 20 years and there was interesting(!) pictures on the wall. The room was dark, smelly and there was flys in the bathroom.Some of the staff didn't know what planet they were on and in the morning I found a large scratch on my car and no idea how it got there.I booked this hotel through a very well known internet travel agency and it wasn't that cheap. The least I expected was a clean and safe place to stay.	
Apr 14 2004	Positive Experience	We made a reservation in mid-march at the Thunderbird Hotel (now the Aruba Hotel) based on two considerations: (1) There was a citywide convention in town and rooms were at a premium and (2) they offered a very attractive rate. It is important at this juncture that I add that I am also a travel agent and have stayed in marginal one-star propreties through the most luxurious six-star properties. During the cab ride from the airport to the hotel, we asked the cab driver about the hotel and he convinced us that we had made a horrible mistake. He was asked to wait while I spoke with the front desk. Upon entering the lobby area, I found it to be beautifully decorated and quite beautiful. Surprise number one. Surprise number two came when I asked for the manager of the property (who appeared promptly) and was very candid and honest regarding my queery about the hotel, the quality of accommodations, safety, etc. She told me that they had recently acquired the property and that there were, in fact major renovations in progress. The roof work had been complete and most of the other issues which may cause a disturbance to the guests had been completed. They were now in the process of completely renovating the interior of each guest room, including repainting, installation of ceramic tile floors in each room, replacement of case goods (furniture, draperies and bedding) and modernization of fixtures, etc. As a travel agent, I asked to see both the before and after rooms. She placed me in one of the newly remodeled guest room and did not hesitate to show me an older room. Admittedly, it was tired in design and motif, but was clean. The new room was just that - new. It was also HUGE. New furniture (including a large work table with comfortable side chairs), new flooring, new draperies, etc. The only things that had not been replaced were the television and some of the fixtures, which were acceptable. We found not only the management but the entire staff to be pleasant, courteous and efficient. The hotel was also well staffed and did not have the appearance of a &quot;Mom and Pop&quot; operation. Coffee was provided in the lobby in the morning and cabs called promptly when requested, which also arrived in a timely fashion - not always the case in Las Vegas.In short, we found the stay to be a totally positive experience and I would highly recommond the Aruba Hotel (formerly Thunderbird Hotel) to all guests looking for a moderate hotel in Las Vegas.	
Feb 26 2004	Honest to goodness review (you've been warned)...	This hotel is undergoing massive renovations as it was acquired two months ago by the new owners, so as the front desk says. Its got a new name, Aruba Hotel. The facade looks real good, as maybe it was the first to be finished. But dont let it fool you. What pisses me off is that they rent out rooms that are currently being renovated! My room is newly painted but the carpet looks like it had been pulled out from a mechanic's garage floor. Literally! I had to pull out the bed comforter and spread them on the floor to walk on! The bathroom is completely dilapidated it looked like a scene from a third world prison. No kidding. Construction materials lined the hallways, including new toilet bowls which I so envy to use! The TV was new during the Reagan era. No curtains here just blinds with missing panels which looked like they were plucked from the trash bin! I looked at the other rooms and they were all the same. I wont be surprised if something crawls out from under the bed! No double lock on the door, just measurement sketches on the jamb where they plan to install the locks. The lobby is dark and seedy. Dont ever use the crumbling elevators. My wife got stuck in it. The elevator entrance is even lined with trash bins. Why did they ever stay open during renovation! I hope the city inspectors would take a look at this place. This hotel might not be ready until maybe Novemeber '04 but until then better avoid this place! That is unless you like dust all over.	
Jan 22 2004	Not so bad!	Not as bad as indicated in previous reviews, but perhaps it is because the hotel is under new management, now known as the Aruba. Our room was clean, had blinds, etc etc. Sparsely furnished and it needed a new tv, but what do you expect for $30 a night? Recommended.	
Dec 2 2003	Unsafe and unpleasant - Thunderbird Hotel Las Vegas	Stringly advise you not to stay inspite of low rates!!Here's our experience:1)There were NO blinds on the windows facing the hallway. So the people passing through could SEE US day or night. The front desk and management said they could NOT do anything about it.2)There were no light bulbs in the rooms. We got only ONE light bulb from the front desk and had to do with it.3) The taps, faucets and bathrooms were corroded and leaking.4) The TV was not working well.5) There were MAJOR roof repairs going on. On the last day (Nov 30, Sunday) the roof repairs started at 7:00 am and were taking place directly above our room. The noise was EXTREMELY LOUD and the plaster from the ceiling was FALLING on the carpet. We called the front desk but they said there was nothing they could do! Since we were feeling so unsafe and angry we called 911 and explained the situation to them. We immediately checked out of the hotel.	
Nov 8 2003	This is by far the WORST place I've ever stayed	This &quot;resort&quot; was filthy, seedy, and one step away from having hourly rates. Don't let the well furnished lobby or the pictures of their rooms online fool you. There is nothing good to say about the Thunderbird, even the parking lots is sketchy, I didn't want to leave my car there over night. The towels and blankets are awful, I was scared to walk barefoot on the carpet, and I didn't even want to go near the bathroom, I was better off not taking a shower. DO NOT STAY HERE!! I broke out in a rash from something in the bed, was shocked multiple times trying to use an outlet and slept with one eye open. If you're trying to save money, you're better off sleeping in your car.	
Sep 23 2003	Do Not Stay Here!!	The rooms were dirty, carpets filthy, beds unmade or had hair in them. We were shown three rooms before finally accepting one. Even then the bedding and towels were stained ( they did change them for cleaner ones), the light fittings falling from the ceiling. If it had not been late when we arrived and Labor day weekend we would have looked for somewhere else.	
Sep 21 2003 	Do not stay here	Stay away from this motel. Although the lobby was nice, the rooms are beyond nasty. The door didn't close properly and the carpet and bathroom were stained and dirty. And to top it off, it is located near many adult shops, in a seedy neighborhood. Spend the extra money and stay at a nice hotel, but if budget is tight, stay at a Motel 6 instead.	
