	Stay on the Strip Instead	This was going to be my 8th time in Vegas, and I had stayed at a new hotel on each visit. However, my friend was a Vegas newbie with a narrow-minded plan of spending most of her time lounging by the pool. Her sister advised us that we just had to book our stay with the Hard Rock Hotel. Since I had yet to try this destination and because of its party atmosphere, I conceded to the suggestion. We planned our trip to span a Thursday through Monday to ensure that we would be poolside for the Sunday Rehab party, which was still advertised as a prominent event on their website, though we had already entered the Fall season.We arrived on the scheduled Thursday afternoon and were confronted with a lengthy check-in line. We were dying to get settled and start our trip, but we were not allowed to check in prior to their 3 pm time. We were told that our room was ready but awaiting approval from the housekeeping manager, which should only take one hour. We dragged our luggage into the Pink Taco restaurant to grab some tasty Mexican salads (see separate review) and to enjoy the sun on the patio. We returned to the check in desk over an hour later and were told that our room was still awaiting approval, but that we could immediately settle into a room on a lower floor. At this point, we were just eager to get to the pool, so we agreed to the lesser room, which wound up providing a hideous view of the parking garage! The room itself had funky wallpaper, a spacious bathroom, an iPod dock with speakers, and a large flat-screen television. We had mixed feelings regarding our stay. First, their website did not mention that the Sunday Rehab party was over for the season or that their pool was not heated. So, basically, everyone was relaxing poolside in the 80-degree weather, but had nowhere to properly cool off. In regards to the crowd, my friend and I thought we were back home among Jersey shore guidos. Fist pumping was definitely not our scene...A final note on the pool is that the waitresses were extremely friendly on Thursday afternoon, but became snooty and pretentious on the weekend. It was as if they were trying to exude a &quot;cool&quot; vibe for the rowdy Saturday-Sunday crowd. All of the pretentiousness was more discouraging than impressive. Additionally, the hotel's free shuttle to the Strip only arrived once every hour and did not even stop anywhere close to Las Vegas Boulevard. We wound up opting for taxi service instead, which saved time but cost $10 each way. I was also annoyed by the $20 a day fee to use the fitness center, which was attached to the spa rather than being a part of the hotel. The large room was packed with equipment and would have been the perfect way to counteract my extravagant dinners and evening cocktails, but I refused to pay for this &quot;amenity&quot;.The main reasons to stay at the Hard Rock are for the crazy atmosphere, terrific nightlife options, and large pool grotto. However, many of these things are negligible and can be found at other properties. I would recommend staying on the Strip instead.	
	40 th birhtday getaway	Loved it here...music is great and upbeat..find yourself singing all the the time. The staff could not have been more friendly or helpful. booked a pink jeep to Grand Canyon and the consierge was fantastic. Left some imp. papers in safe...had already checked out and didn't realize until several hours later...went back to hotel and they were not in safe...but secruity had them. All the safe from front desk to the servers and maids wonderful. I too was missing a bottle opener..but I called the desk and it was there in minutes. The location is a couple of blocks off the strip but I really enjoyed this...access to all was very easy and their prices are definetly better than places on the stirp. Love that it is small and accessible . Did not like either of the clubs..I had higher expectations from all I had read but not good. The people at the firont desk said they are going to put a new club in...also...sad to not be able to swim...they said that they are considering having the pool open year round	
	This hotel is TERRIBLE!!! Stay FAR away.	Where to begin....1) My room did not have a single glass anywhere to be found. I had to drink from my hand. There WERE several dirty glasses sitting on the floor outside my door when I arrived and when I checked out the next day.2) The television had no signal at all. Zero channels.3) There was a huge moth between the sheets. I discovered it when it crawled up my leg after I got into bed.4) The room had no coffee pot.5) Construction began at 8 AM in the room directly above mine (the hotel was less than half full judging by the registration desk, why did they put me in a room below construction?).6) The staff was impolite.7) The hotel charged me $8 for an item from the mini-bar, which I didn't touch. For all I know the item was never there to begin with. 8) The music at the registration desk is so loud (from the casino floor) that you can't hear what the employees are saying from behind the counter.As a frequent business traveler I stay in a lot of hotels (I've flown 50,000 air miles around the US in the last 6 months on business travel) and the Las Vegas Hard Rock was, without question, the WORST! I've stayed at Best Westerns in the middle of nowhere that were preferable.I've also stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Biloxi and I found that to be so vastly superior that I am amazed the Hard Rock 'brand' would allow such a disgusting property to operate in Las Vegas.Do yourself a favor. If you're traveling to Vegas, avoid the Hard Rock at all costs. You won't be sorry like I was.	
Nov 25 2009 	Super fun	Awsome pools, lazy river, hot tubs, and hot tubs!!!	
Nov 23 2009 	Hard Rock Las Vegas	Beware of 'Resort' charges not disclosed, but instead hidden in small print of paperwork @ chk-in. Awesome collection of memorabilia. Great shows.	
Nov 22 2009 	Not the place your father wants to stay at........	Maybe I can officially be called old, (wife &amp; I are 50) but I just couldn't stand the level of service at this place. Booked two rooms for the Santana concert which was awesome, The Joint is a wonderful venue but I won't be staying again in the future. From the minute you check in the vibe from the staff is not good, it's almost as if they are scared as hell of losing their jobs but forgot that their job is to make the guests have a good time. We stayed in the new Paradise tower, room is small but OK. Went to make a drink but they're were no glasses, went to get ice and the machine was empty. Tried to open a beer but there was no opener. Turned on the TV but the channels wouldn't change, went to call the desk but the cordless phone wasn't charged, tried to turn on the lights next to the bed to figure out the phone and they didn't work either! Switched the wall switch over the bed next to the lights and still nothing. Called the desk from my cell and someone came up. Turns out the light switch has to be on near the door and the TV has to be turned on and off to reset itself. Guy said it happens all the time. My daughter had her own room she couldn't get the TV to turn off at 2AM, service guy showed up and said it was a common problem and fixed it. He forgot his flashlight and called the room at 6AM wanting to come get it, yes waking them up. Apparently flashlights must be very valuable there. Also, both our rooms were charged for items taken from the mini bar which we didn't use, meaning we had to wait in a long line to rectify the charges. Oh, and they charge a daily &quot;resort fee&quot; of $8, no one could tell me what that was for. Finally, while waiting for our cab to the airport on Sunday morning we were kicked off the casino floor, apparently you're not allowed to sit at empty slots with your baggage. I was told we could sit outside on the stone wall, somehow after dropping $2500 at the place I was hoping for something better than a stone wall! I guess the 20yr old &amp; 30yr old generations don't care about these things.	
Nov 20 2009 	Totally surprised by how great this hotel was	Went to Vegas for a long weekend for an event at MGM, wanted a great deal and found it at Hard Rock. I wasn't expecting much for the cheap price and I was shocked by how much I loved the hotel. The room was a standard room and it was clean, comfortable and huge. It was off the strip, but it was the closest hotel to the airport and no more than a $10 cab ride to most other hotels. We found ourselves hanging out in our casino the most because they played awesome music in the lobby and it was overall just a fun atmosphere. They have some great restaurants and a few cool shops (even a tattoo parlor) too. It's a small hotel, and I found it a great thing to not have to walk 20 minutes just to get to my room. It's loud and it's a pretty young crowd (20's and 30's) so if you're looking for a quiet, elegant hotel - this is NOT it - stay at the Venetian! If you're looking for a low key, fun, affordable, nice hotel - stay here. I will definitely stay here next time I go to Vegas.	
Nov 19 2009 	Surprised by Service and Staff	We NEVER stayed here before, on all the trips to Vegas. We decided to stay here for the event in The Joint on Halloween night. We paid about $150.00 with the events special code. That same night was running many $400-500.00. The ONLY thing I did not like was the rooms view. We were on the third floor and facing the building outer workings, no pool, no lot, no mountains. We discovered this is pretty much where all of us with the special code were located. But how much time were we gonna spend looking out anyway!'The Valet was great, at first he was a little standoff ish, but with in minutes he warmed up to us. The receptionist got us into our room super quick, and was very friendly. We had to walk a ways to the elevator, but the ride was quick. We had a nice room with two beds, a large bathroom, and mirrors angled so you could look at your backside like never before.The clubs were ok, not our kind of music. The dinner at AGO was good. And the pool scene is great, We were at off season but a few were in the hot tub. We walked around and thought what a mad house it must be in summer.You can walk to the CVS and get beer for your room for what you pay for one at the bar.Hoffbrauhaus is across the way, interesting atmosphere. Sushi place across the street. Bus line near by.AND for all you single ladies...this is one of the best places to meet hot guys!They out number the women and are in abundance.We had a good experience with almost every aspect. Too bad it took us this long to stay here.,	
Nov 17 2009 	AMAZING!!!	I simply LOVED this hotel, it was the coolest hotel I stayed at so far, for sure. and what's best is that I got it for a really good price at lastminute travel website. I guess it's because most people use the casino, so it's good for everybody. anyhow, I will go back there for sure.	
Nov 11 2009 	Hidden Resort Fee ruined an otherwise great stay.	We stayed in the new Paradise Tower and had a great stay - beautiful room, very clean. Great service with the Valet, they were fantastic even when our plans kept changing and we were getting the car in and back out every 15 minutes.Love all the decor and the new wing is under construction with the coffee shop area, but it's going to be great when it's done.HOWEVER, when we checked out we were SHOCKED to see a charge of $7.84/day for a &quot;resort fee&quot;. I should have read TripAdvisor as this seems like a common issue but since we had stayed here before, I didn't even do my homework.The worst was that when I challenged the charge at check-out (the first time I was aware of it), the desk clerk told me that we were told upon sign-in (we weren't) and that we had signed off on the charge. She was very unpleasant and I asked for a manager . We waited for over 10 minutes and instead of a manager, she brought back a printout of what I supposedly signed.What had really happened was we checked in and they told us about the mini-bar and that our credit card would be charged for the remaining reservation days and then handed us an electronic signature pad, said &quot;ok, just hit 'accept' and sign and you'll be all set&quot;. We signed and didn't think anything of it.After the fact, we learned that the signature pad has several pages of &quot;terms&quot; that the desk clerks were just skipping over and then handing the signature pad to the guests.As we were continuing to argue with the desk clerk, two other people came in to check-in and beautifully, the desk clerks did the exact same thing to both of them - handing the signature pad to each gentleman with the &quot;just hit 'accept' and sign&quot; instructions and not mentioning the resort fee authorization. So, we pointed it out to them and neither of them were aware of any resort fee. We were worried about missing our flight, so we left with both gentleman arguing about the resort fee.When we returned home, we contacted the hotel management and they apologized and refunded the charges. They also indicated that they were going to address the problem.I truly hope they do because frankly, we got a great rate and if it had been $8/night more, we still would have stayed there. But it was the principle of the matter.I would still recommend the hotel but be sure to calculate an extra $8/day in your rate before booking and make sure to read the fine print when you check in. Trust, but verify!	
Nov 9 2009 	not impressed	not worth the hype very small casino and average rooms with some minor issues &quot;The Joint&quot; was cool though had a great time at the &quot;Danzig&quot; show	
Nov 7 2009 	Awsome Stay at the Hard Rock	I stay at the Hard Rock from 10/30/09 to 11/02/09 for Halloween party long week-end. I got a great deal on Travelocity for a car and 3 nights with a Mountain View room. Check in was very quick efficient &amp; friendly, the clerk upgraded me to a pool view on the 15th floor Paradise Tower and warm me about the sensor for the fridge in the room. I asked if the pool view would be noisy and was told that because I was so high up it would not be bad and that the pool close at 6pm. I really like the hotel feel, they play music even in the elevator, great picture all through the property. The pool was nice, I found a Jacuzzi and stay it because the pool water was freezing, and the sand beach was a nice touch. The Mr. Lucky‘s “Gambler special” was a very good deal &amp; tasted pretty good (thanks Jinsav for the tip). The best thing about the hotel was the bed, it was extremely comfortable. Starbuck store in the hotel was also nice. I was able to checkout using the TV which saves a lot of time. Most of the Hotel in Vegas Charge property fee, so you don’t have to tips valet and all, I don’t think it is that bad &amp; actually like that.	
Nov 6 2009 	If you are a music lover you'll be in HEAVEN....	My husband and I did a spur of the moment trip to L. Vegas because our great friends from Hong Kong were going to be there for a conference. I chose the hotel because my husband who is a true music lover has always dreamed of staying there so he could gush over the guitars, etc. We stayed in the hip-n-cool paradise tower - facing the pool.. Thank you for this-- front desk! What classy renos you have done here. The room was perfect - super clean -- super modern. The bathroom awesome! The beds -- are heavenly - clouds !!! Slept like babies -- !!!!! Can you imagine - and even in Vegas? The pool areas were manicured beautifully -- nice atmosphere. Except for the fact that the pool water is sooo freezing. I don't think I could stay in long on a 100 degree day even. Also some of the lounges are looking it bit beat-up/tattered from your REHABs on Sundays. The purple bus at the Hard Rock Cafe (in front of the hotel) is very convenient when you want to go to the strip - it drops you off at Fashion Mall. The John Varvatos is also a store all music lovers should visit. It is within the complex. Awesome staff -- cool gear, clothes, etc.. Also, ate at both Pink Taco &amp; Luckys.. Both cool... Pink Taco has a fun happy hour so check it out!	
Nov 4 2009 	the beast that is the priest THX Hard Rock!	We booked this trip primarily to see Judas Priest at Thomas and Mack arena. What better place than the Hard Rock to stay . RIGHT? Location! short easy walk.The beast that is the Priest was AWSOME! Best show ever! The Vegas fans were great!all the people at the arena were nice, and the Hard rock also delivered! Our check in was very easy, we got a great room in the old edition on the sixth floor near the middle,GREAT view of the strip and pool area, and the doors open up to let in the sights, sounds and energy of vegas like NO OTHER Hotel Casino in Vegas can! The room was clean,maid service top notch! Everyone we encountered there was VERY nice!But having that french balcony was incredible! The pool was fun but not quite what I expected.(We had very high expectations) But the Barmaids and drinks made up for it.We booked an extra day so we could experiance Rehab! Did not dissapoint. Soddem and gamorra.whether at the pool or watching from our balcony from above, what a party!We also got tickets to the WEC fight that night at The Joint. WOW! Hard Rock knows how to pull off any event with style.Had a great time, all 4 days. We will be back when all the construction is done. But not to stay at the new towers, nothing could compare to the french balcony's open air exciement and energy	
Nov 2 2009 	Worst Ever~ loads of hidden charges left a bad taste	It was a guys week-end away. This place really sucked. Dirty and past its prime. Customer service was bad and they stiff you with a $7 a day &quot;resort fee&quot; plus $100 for checking out a few minutes after 11am. Hello its Vegas Don't stay here!	
Nov 2 2009 	Love the Hard Rock	We had not traveled to Las Vegas in nearly 9 months and it has been nearly 2 years since we stayed at the Hard Rock. Because it had changed ownership, we spent our time at the Palms since they have been very good to us with comps and free rooms. The Hard Rock was actually cheaper than the Palms for the night that we stayed, so we decided to give it a try. I have to say from the minute we arrived, I remembered how much I enjoyed the Hard Rock!! The music is loud and hip. They have added pole dancers to the casino floor, and have generally upgraded the quality of everything including the chairs in the casino which have a snake skin look. The reason that we enjoyed the Hard Rock so much has to do with the friendliness of the staff. Many casinos have dealers that don't engage you and act like they can't wait until break. The Hard Rock staff was very friendly and engaging. They gave great tips and suggestions about where to eat and what to do. Subsequently, we ate at a new restaurant there called Ago. It was Italian, and we both had delicious and perfectly cooked risotto. Normally, we would go to Nobu, but decided to try something new and we were pleasantly surprised.Our room was a renovated room in the casino side, not the new tower. It was very hip, all back and white, with sort of an Ed Hardy feel. Good job Hard Rock! The shower pressure was great and the beds to die for!!!My only complaint was that the room had no drinking glasses, but it did have an ice bucket? After a night in Vegas, you need to rehydrate and you need drinking glasses!! Anyway, we called room service and they brought some up. What's the deal? People spending nearly $200/nt are stealing the drinking glasses? Weird!Anyway, thanks Hard Rock, we'll be back!!	
Oct 31 2009 	No complaints! Great night!	We got a room in the new Paradise Tower that had an amazing view over their pool and the Las Vegas strip. The room was spacious and modern. Comfortable bed and a great shower. The front desk agent who checked us in was very friendly and helpful. I recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to have a care-free stay in Vegas. 	
Oct 31 2009 	HORRIBLE	NEVER stay at the Hard Rock ... customer service is non-existant, and when you get it the staff are rude! Housekeeping is non-existant too. SERIOUSLY, they placed what appeared to be a bloody towel (it had been washed) in our room. It was folded and placed wtih our clean towles; what a surprise. First night there I showered, the bathrobes provided by the hotel were both dirty; one had make up on it. Asked for more towles that night and they never arrived. Asked security to come reset the safe in our room (it hadn't been reset from the previous guests), they never came. And it was like pulling teeth to get them to do anything about the bloody towl other than to say &quot;I'm sorry, that's just not the Hard Rock.&quot; From other reviews I've read ... we aren't the first people to have dirty things in our room, or have dirty towles presented as clean ones. Also, BIG BIG thing ... no outside food up in your room, not even water. You have to buy it in their sundries store, which is horridly over priced and only sells Coke products.And this is not a place for families ... nothing for kids. It's also about 1.5 miles walking from the strip, or a $15 cab ride. They need a shuttle, better housekeping staff ... pool was nice, but music was too loud, not a place to relax. Don't stay here, it's not worth it!	
Oct 30 2009 	Hard Rock definitely rocks.	I had been to Las Vegas plenty of times but never had the opportunity to visit the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. Well I finally went there on a weekend night and it is definitely a fun place to be. The casino itself seemed quite small but this place definitely boasts some fun clubs. I also noticed several shops and boutiques near the casino itself as well as a large circular bar in the middle. The pool area know as Rehab is the place to be in Vegas on Sunday afternoon to people watch and party.	
Oct 27 2009 	Enjoyed it but there are hidden fees	October '09Overall had a good time but was disappointed with hidden costs and poor service.1) Internet service is not free. You have to pay a flat rate for each 24 hours of service. No mention of this on there website. Rate: $12.99 per day. 2)&quot;Resort Fee&quot; @ $7.84 per day--no big hardship but why hide it? Just another tax that I don't feel guests should have to pay. Apparently covers costs for pool maintenance, free shuttles etc. 3) I booked through a travel group, and prepaid, and was still billed over $700.00 for &quot;incidentals&quot; for a 5 night stay without being told. I can understand having to put down a reasonable deposit, but that's just wrong. (Received my credit about 3 days after checkout.) 4) If they are going to offer in-room snacks at ridiculously inflated prices they should be on top of things. I found some items in the snack tray had been consumed but resealed to look like they hadn't been touched. Reported it right away, so I wasn't billed for anything. Glad I checked. Too many of the staff are very cold and not very courteous. I had to deal with bad attitudes on several occasions--I get it, it's the Hard Rock, but you're not rock stars. I blame hotel management for this one. The pools are great, though some spots have very limited sun.The casino is relatively small but I can appreciate a space you won't get lost in. Cocktail waitresses don't always come around often enough and when you do order a drink they might keep you waiting longer than you'd like.Mr. Lucky's restaurant is reasonably priced and has decent food, but 3 out of the 4 times there, I had pretty bad service and or botched orders. Pink Taco has consistently great food and fair service but is a little more pricey than need be (Happy Hour is the best time for deals). Hard Rock Cafe has great food and I want to say good service ... Unfortunately, on one occassion, we received two checks for the same meal. To top it off, the second check was four times the actual cost of our meal! When we pointed this out to our waiter we were apologised to profusely and assured there would be no second charge. Of course, when the bank statement was checked a day or two later the second charge was there. We were back home by this time and could not complain in person. Needless to say my buddy was pretty livid. Note: There are a couple of reasonably priced restuarants just across the street from the hotel grounds you might want to try. You do have other options.So it's not perfect, but the good was good and the place does have a fun atmosphere. There are some some really great staff and they made up for some of the bad, but would I stay here again? Probably not. I would consider it if, say, one of my favorite acts were performing. I would recommend to a friend but only after all the warnings.	
Oct 25 2009 	Luxe hotel and stay	Stayed on the 5th floor of the Paradise Tower 3, viewing the not-so-scenic garage. View aside, the room was deliciously luxe with trendy furnishings, linens, carpet. The flat screen was huge and the velvet sitting chair was very comfortable. The bed was a little too soft/plush for my tastes - I felt like I was swimming in it. Bathroom was also very neat. I ran into an issue one night with the remote not being able to turn the TV off (nor the buttons on the TV), but a quick call to the operator had someone to the room in 20 min. Check-in was a breeze and the guy was very friendly. Internet was $16-17/day. Tried Mr. Lucky's for breakfast and Nobu's for dinner and enjoyed both. Parking was very close to Paradise Tower.	
Oct 22 2009 	Good for the price	Hard Rock was definitely a good value for a guys trip to Las Vegas. I thought it was a great value for the quality of rooms and pool areas especially when compared to the on strip hotels. It was 5 guys in 2 connected rooms which were both very comfortable and ample room for what you need it for (sleeping and keeping your stuff in). There's so much to see out there that you spend less time than you think in the room. Pool: Very nice, just get a lounge chair before 10:00 if you plan to be near the pool for the day. Esp on Fri/Sat/ (didnt go to rehab on Sunday). Otherwise enjoy the strong sun and people watching. I strongly suggest sunblock. Casino: You can definitely get on any blackjack/ roulette table during the day, but at night it gets more crowded because the casino isn't very big. Food/ Clubs: Pink Taco and the 24/7 place both had good food. If you're looking for a buffet head to Caesars or Bellagio. Body English was great. We had 5 guys and got bottle service there. I strongly recommend it. We saw a concert at the Joint which was cool.Why I gave it 3 stars: When you consider the distance to the Strip, the relatively small casino, the loud music that starts at 9:00 am esp when you go to bed at 4AM, the lack of nearby amenities/ sights, and you have to pay for the Gym. I might have given it a 3.5 but that doesnt exist so it gets a 3. Wasnt a 4 but probably better than a 3. I would recommend it to people who dont want to shell out a lot of money for the top of the line places.	
Oct 21 2009 	Pretty damn good but with hidden charges	Having read some of the reviews here I was a little apprehensive. However, once Id checked in (and given my CC for $7 a day charge which was pretty cheeky I thought) I went up to my room on the 8th floor and had an incredible view over the pool and strip.Sure its loud, but its the Hard Rock, but the tunes were all awesome so no worries there (unless you dont like rock!) Slight pain in the a$$ having to get a cab to the strip but if youre sharing its not too bad... The on site club, Body English, is *the* loudest place in the world, and Ive been front row at a Metallica show! All in all pretty good stay, oh, and the construction seems to no longer start at 6am, in fact, I didnt hear that, or the airport once...!	
Oct 19 2009 	Nice hotel but beware of hidden costs	OK so there were things I liked and things I didn't and things I wish someone had told me before I booked this hotel. Firstly, the good stuff:• The room service was great. The staff were polite (the last guy I got was amazing - I wish I had taken note of his name to send compliments), the food was delicious and the costs were reasonable.• The hotel restaurants were also great and varied. I especially recommend Pink Taco.• If you're going to the Thomas &amp; Mack Center for NBA it's an easy quick walk, and is also only about a $10 cab ride or 20 min walk to the strip.The bad stuff:• I strongly advise against taking anything from the minibar. Not only is it expensive in the first place but you end up paying the staff to restock it so it costs about twice the advertised price.• The gym costs guests $20 per day. Ridiculous.• The hotel puts a $100 per night hold on your credit card for incidentals. Again, ridiculous. I checked out 5 days ago and I'm still waiting for it to be returned.• The casino area is one of the smallest in the city. If you're a big gambler this isn't the hotel for you.• Its not on the strip... I knew that when I booked so it wasn't a problem but just be aware. That's all I can think of right now. Again it's not the worst place I've ever stayed. The rooms are comfortable, I think the hidden costs just put a big black cloud over my trip.	
Oct 15 2009 	Nothing better	Amazing place, terrific rooms, the best swimming pool party ever, there's a tattoo shop and the people is awesome!	
Oct 8 2009 	Definitely a winner!	I love this hotel. The staff are wonderful, the theme is fun (Rock and Roll) and the rooms are fabulous. You will not be disappointed in this wonderful hotel!	
Oct 8 2009 	Still great after 4 trips!	When I arrived, I requested a non-smoking room. They didn't have any available so they bumped me up to a real nice room in the new paradise tower. I found the staff to be efficient, courteous and friendly despite some of the negative reviews I had read.The pool was really well maintained, and the men's restroom even had an attendant who was constantly mopping so it wasn't as disgusting as it had been in past visits.Rehab seemed to be a bit toned down from previous years, but the Center Bar was really hot. The room had a discount coupon for the Italian AGO restaurant which I used. The waiter was Italian so I got to practice some of the Italian which I have been studying for the past few years.The George Clinton concert was fabulous, and there were all sorts of promos for complimentary 3-olive vodka, budweiser lime, and Cruzan Rum.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fun atmosphere but not great service.	This is a really fun place to stay. We did arrive early and asked if we could check in early but that request was denied. They said they would call us if anything opened early but we received a call about 10 minutes before regular check in time. No big deal but some considerations would have been nice. This hotel is off the strip but it was never too much trouble to grab a cab and get where we wanted to be. I would suggest getting a cab over taking the free shuttle to get on the strip. It takes way to long for the shuttle to make its rounds and paying the $10 cab fare is worth it. The hard rock casino is a fun place to gamble because it is on the smaller side and less overwhelming than the large casinos. We did not gamble much but it was a lot cozier here compared to the larger places we’ve stayed. The pool is great and the drinks are amazing. All of the restaurants were great and we left happy after many stops at Mr. Lucky's. Pink Taco had amazing food but the service sucked! There was a table with &quot;someone famous&quot; and we were able to see and hear the niceness that was available from our waitress, however we did not receive anything close to a smile. Overall we made the best of this stay and didn't let the service get us down to much but I would not go back being there are so many places to choose from in Las Vegas and The Hard Rock Hotel did not really offer anything out of the ordinary.	
Oct 8 2009 	Awesome Hotel!!!	I went to the Hard Rock to see a concert and I loved every minute of my experience! From the first drink at the Center Bar to my 4am dinner at Mr. Lucky's, it was a great experience all the way around! The hotel just oozes rock and roll and the service was exceptional. Our conceriege even found us tickets to the second night of the show that was sold out - could not have asked for a better experience. Will be the only hotel I stay at in Vegas!	
Oct 7 2009 	Would have rated higher at first until our last day...	The Hard Rock is definitely a hotel that caters to the younger crowd and music connoisseur. Pros: Quick ride from the airport and semi-close to the strip ($11 cab ride). Rooms were very clean, having french doors that open (in the older tower; Casino Tower) was great, food was average and pool was nice (however only one side was open over the weekend). Body English was a great club. Cons: Getting a server for a drink at the pool was horrible! I was able to get someone over to our Cabana once within a 2 1/2 hour time frame. They played hip music at the pool, but it was so loud, that you couldn't 'relax' if you wanted to. Could hear it all the way up at the 11th floor room at 8AM too. The price of a bottle of beer went up by $3 depending on where you were in the hotel (casino floor bar = $4; Wings club = $5; Body English (club)= $7!). Had a massage and she worked my back kinks out nicely and then did a 'noodle rub' on the rest of my body (horrible!), my facial was very nice though. VERY smoky Casino! I know it's expected in Vegas, but their ventilation system was horrible! One of the guys at the BlackJack tables was a complete JERK (no tip for him!) and WE HAD RAW SEWAGE come up thru our sink shortly before checking out. RAW SEWAGE!!!!My rating on the room (they were fairly clean) would have been a 4 had raw sewage not come up in our sink! I brushed my teeth in that sink!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not sure that I would stay there again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Paradise Tower Rooms are luxurious!	Very helpful reservationist - called for a room after we landed for our overnight stay. She tried her &quot;codes&quot; after AAA didn't give us the &quot;best rate.&quot; Room was mid-high in the Paradise Tower which was just re-furbished in August. Luxury!! Comfy beds - darker woods for ambience - great for romance and sleeping-in! We didn't need the 42&quot; flat screen tv, but it was nice to have the option. Mini-bar fridge in room/typical expensive hotel prices on those items. Would definitely stay here again. Recommend valeting your vehicle and have luggage brought to the room - tower is opposite side of facility from entry. Then faster to self-park to get to Paradise Tower. [We don't like toting our luggage thru the casino]	
Sep 26 2009 	Young atmosphere but loud 	Very &quot;in&quot; and &quot;young&quot; customers that differs from typical huge Las Vegas hotels but do not expect to sleep on the afternoon and to check-in before 2 PM. I arrived at 09.00 AM on the morning for a conference and ask for a priority that I obviously did not obtain. Guest service agents were deceiving... The solution is to phone to the Customer Service (0-800 number) and to say that you received a call to confirm that your room is ready... My friend tried and had a room at 12.00!Moreover with beach parties going on, do not expect to rest on the afternoons for the &quot;siesta&quot;.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great welcome to Las Vegas	I was not sure what to expect from the very mixed reviews that were posted and I was in two minds about whether to come here or not. As it stands I was not disappointed.I arrived early evening, mid-week and was seen to in just a couple of minutes. Check in was fast and efficient. The place is small compared to other Vegas hotels but actually big compared to international city standard hotels. When checking in I was advised not to take anything out of the mini bar unless I intend to pay for it as it is pressure sensitive.The casino is situated in a sunken level in the main atrium. Everything is accessible from this main atrium. So where ever you are heading you have to pass the casino floor.Rooms are very big and spacious. One of the biggest I have seen for a standard room. Clean and tidy. Bathrooms are also big and had a nice shower in the bath. Beware, there are loads of &quot;for sale&quot; items on offer dotted around the room including shampoo and conditioner. So make sure to read any lables. Loads of bottled water for sale. If you do not want to pay the hotel rates for your drinks there is a CVS (American version of Boots) accross the road that has everything at regular retail prices.I had some packages set to the hotel prior to my arrival, did some on-line shopping to take advantage of the low US exchange rate. Collecting the packages was easy and the bell hops delivered them to my room. This was a free service although obviously I tipped the bell hop. However beware, I was going to send the packages to the other hotel I was going to be staying at, the Mandalay, and they charge a $10 fee per package!Went to Lucky's Diner and enjoyed the &quot;Gamblers Special&quot; (that you have to order by name as it is not advertised) You get a pretty good lean cut steak with 3 large shrimp on top along with REAL mashed potatoes. This comes with a side salad, however it is served on a main course plate, huge for a side salad. This for $7.77. Probably the best bargain in Vegas. From what I understnad, long gone are the days of cheap food in Vegas. The realization that they can make good money off food as well as the casino has hit.There is a starbucks in the hotel should you wish for a coffee on the go in the morning or any other time.Unless you need a paper receipt ,check out is easy. This can be done through your hotel TV. It advises you of the charges you incurred.I paid €72 on Expedia for the room which is fantastic value. They do charge an additional &quot;resort fee&quot; of $14 per night. This is advised on Expedia in the small print.I just wish I had stayed longer. If I go back, I will look into staying here first.	
Sep 18 2009 	great hotel	Had a fantastic stay. The rooms in the new Paradise tower are comfotable, spacious and up to date. The pool is great and the atmosphere in the hotel (if you like Rock and Roll) is excellent. Will go back.	
Sep 18 2009 	HORRIBLE SERVICE AT THE HARD ROCK HOTEL 	The Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino is a smaller hotel off the Las Vegas Strip. There is considerable construction nearby that is terrible for traffic and long cab rides. An average 2 person cab ride to the center of the strip can vary from $15 to $25 depending on traffice on congestion. The new paradise tower is on the back side of the hotel and is a very long walk from the casino floor. While the tower is nice and new it was opened without working out all the &quot;kinks&quot;, as many things don't work correctly or at all. When we tried to express our concerns after literally 20 minutes on hold the staff said they would &quot;take care of it&quot; and never did so. During our trip we requested a King bed and received two doubles. Only after bribing the front desk staff did they all of a sudden find the King room we purchased. We requested and were told we could have a very late check-out during booking but when push came to shove this wasn't in the plan. All of these problems we equate to normal hotel flaws and wasn't that bad overall. The casino drink servers were nice and worked hard, although it took about 15 to 20 minutes between drink orders a problem of saffing levels not the servers themselves. The biggest and main problem that should keep anyone from staying at this hotel is the service. While many of the casino employees were friendly and easy to work with, the same cannot be said for the hotel staff. The hotel staff is probably the most rude staff I have ever encountered at a hotel of this or ANY calibur. There is not enough room to go into all of the details but it's clear the very young staff at the HRH should NOT be in this industry and could care less if your a guest at the hotel or not. The will mislead you and treat you like trash. The horrible service alone is not worth the visit to this hotel and it will what causes this hotel to either be sold go bankrupt or shut down all together. You just can't treat guests paying a premium as we did to stay for a few nights this poorly and get away with it for to long. When the &quot;cool&quot; factor wears off this will be an empty casino and maybe then after it's too late will they consider treating guests as the deserve to be treated, with respect and kindness.	
Sep 17 2009 	life's better off the strip	My friend and I hesitated about staying off the strip, but choose Hard Rock because it was of good value.After spending the long weekend in Vegas I would have to say, I would stay at Hard Rock again. The hotel doesn't have that huge casino feeling like many of the other hotels on the strip and there are less seniors there.We went to clubs and bars on the strip and when we would get back to our hotel for a &quot;night cap&quot; it seemed the fun would just begin. The other guests were friendly and the staff were great too.The pool was so convenient and we enjoyed it friday and saturday :) (tipped our waitress well, and she put us on 3 vip list's for some great clubs)Our room was very nice, and the hallways were quite.I was disappointed that internet wasn't free, and I called the front desk for a sewing kit, and it never came.	
Sep 14 2009 	Once again the Hard Rock comes thru with excellent service	I am a frequent guest at the Hard Rock ( about 7x/year), and we stay there because it's a fun crowd, great pool, and is much smaller than the behemoth hotels on the Strip. I have posted previous reviews, so this is just an update.Sometimes things go wrong with your trip. For me, the test is: what does the hotel do to make me happy and restore the situation? We had a problem with our reservation, but once I spoke to Laura, the evening manager, she quickly resolve the issue to our EXTREME satisfaction. We were treated as a valued customers, and I appreciate it.While we were there, the hotel had a fire. While this is something you don't often think about while on vacation, the HR's response was excellent - they quickly evacuated the hotel, gave us water while we waited in the parking lot, and everything returned to normal once the fire was extinguished. There is a lot of construction going on at the resort right now as they finish the second Tower addition and double the size of their pool. Since Las Vegas still has 100+ degree days, most of the work is being done at night, and yes, you can hear it. In general, the Hard Rock is a noisy place to stay, so if the party people scene doesn't work for you, I recommend Bellagio, where it is very peaceful. As for us, we keep going back to the Hard Rock.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great intro to Paradise Tower with some minor glitches	Booked the Paradise Tower via a 3rd party. Magic convention was in town and had a strong presence at this property. Valet and taxi lines seemed a little more slammed than in the past (I've probably stayed at Hard Rock 20 times) but my understanding is that this is a temporary situation.I was on 3rd floor with a pool/strip view. I was directly above where they are constructing the Euro pool . Small jack hammer and the like during the day but it wasn't a problem. A lot of what they were doing was landscape related.Room is similar in size to the Casino tower. Much darker color scheme, dark browns and black. An Ed Hardy look to the wallpaper and carpeting. Very dimly lit, there was no way you could read anything in the evenings unless you were in bed. The bedding was very comfortable and many pillows. Awesome flat screen TV.Due to the dark nature of the furniture, counters, etc. there is a lot of water spots and finger prints visible. Some days it took a long time of running the hot water until it turned hot. There is only a very large glass shower, no tub. The shower door lacks a gasket and despite my best efforts I always had a puddle of water on the floor after a shower. Those were the glitches.Paradise tower has an exclusive feel to it with security in its lobby 24/7 checking room keys. They have a couple of desk personnel in the morning so that you can check out without walking to the main front desk in the casino.The other glitch that comes to mind was on the Friday night they had both a Puddle of Mudd concert by the pool and a Santana Supernatural show in the Joint. The existing parking structure was at capacity and took a long time to empty out following each show.The first night there was a very loud music event for Magic by the pool and as another reviewer mentioned it went on until 1 AM. There was a country themed event the following night and it was not a problem and neither was the volume for Puddle of Mudd.Great service at Mr Lucky's, Pink Taco, and the pool (thanks Susan and Alex). Pool complex was fully open (only 1/2 open Spring 2008) and uncrowded.Very good visit. I think next time I'll book the Casino tower, it's more to my liking overall and I don't think the Paradise tower is worth the premium.	
Sep 9 2009 	If I could live here I would	This hotel was one of the best I have stayed in and made our trip to Vegas even more outstanding.To set the scene - It was my buddy and I, both 27 year old English lads who were going to Vegas with the sole intention of partying extremely hard.We could not have chosen a better hotel, yes it was playing good music loudly and was full of young hot people who were only there to party...what a nightmare ;-)The casino was small but personal, we preferred it to the casinos in the strip hotels that went on for ever and ever, the bars were superb, everyone was friendly, restaurants cured some killer hangovers, the pool and Rehab were UNREAL (no queing either..woop) and Body English was a cool club. We can't have been the only fans since when we were in there we were partying next to Paris Hilton most of the night.We got updgraded to a room in the new Paradise tower with a pool and strip view..loved it. I would stay there again in an instant. Yep, taxis to the strip are $10..boo hoo, I was more concerned about the $500 I lost when gambling between 5am - 10am, still loving the free drinks, free smokes and the experience of it all.If you a group of friends who are going to Vegas to party, get messed up and have the time of your lives - then you need the Hard Rock in your life.	
Sep 8 2009 	Outstanding	I stayed at the Hard Rock from Sept 4- Sept 7, aka Labor Day weekend. Before I went, I had read review upon review about how bad the customer service was, how noisy the hotel was, how it was overall a horribly overpriced hotel too far from the strip. i was nervous. I arrived at the hotel right around midnight on Friday night. They were out of the standard rooms - which was the room on my reservation- so they upgraded us, free of charge, to a brand-new, amazing suite for the night, with their apologies. The suite was beautiful, with 2 bathrooms, several flat screens &amp; mostly all white with a funky decor. I loved it. The next day we went back to check out of that little slice of heaven and again, I was nervous. i mean, hello - we had just spent the night in a deluxe suite, our room was bound to suck after that. We got our new room, which they had put us in the Paradise Tower on the 10th floor with a pool view. while it wasn't the suite, it was one of the nicest hotel rooms i had ever stayed in in Vegas. and all this after i had booked through a 3rd party site &amp; gotten the room for less than $90 a night. So room-wise, i was thrilled.Onto customer service. It was without a fault. From registration to the bell-hops to the staff at the restaurants to housekeeping, everyone was friendly, nice, helpful &amp; was always smiling. Reminder - i'm talking about labor day weekend here, people. the place was PACKED- but no one was ever rude or short with us. again, i was thrilled (and slightly shocked considering all the negatives i had read about on here).Is the hotel noisy? yes, of course. you're at the HARD ROCK. come on. they pump excellent rock music through the casino and the elevators and it's loud.but it's not deafening and frankly, i enjoyed it. it added to the atmosphere. our rooms- neither one- were noisy. i couldnt hear the people in the room next to us (as has been stated on this site). I couldnt hear the people at the pool - even at Rehab on Sunday. yes, i could hear the pool music, but just the beat - it wasnt loud enough to hear the words.yes - it is off the strip. but everyone who books a room there knows this. it's not like the hotel is keeping that a secret. sometimes it's nice to be off the strip &amp; the hotel has so much to do &amp; so many places to eat that i really didnt miss the strip this time.oh- and the spa is wonderful. steamroom, jacuzzi in the womens locker room &amp; full use of it for the day if you make a spa appointment is paradise.so, overall, i was more than pleased with my experience. the ONLY negative thing is the $150/night hold they put on a credit or debit card that is not released until you check out. that was dissapointing to me, but not enough of a dissapointment to ruin our trip.	
Sep 2 2009 	Exceeded our expectations by far.	Stayed at the new HRH Paradise Tower Aug 28-31 in pool facing room 424. This was my 4th time to Vegas in the past 3 years and 1st time staying at HRH. I was lucky enough to be invited out and was treated like a VIP from check-in to check-out. I read a few other bad comments from other hotel guests here and they should have known this hotel is geared toward 21-40y/o. The entire atmosphere is ideal. The loud music, dim lighting and great clubs/bars/food are what make this place work. I will never stay anywhere else. The Paradise Tower is a little far from the casino...but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. The pool and Rehab were beyond explanation, you have to see it to believe it. I am looking forward to checking out the HRH Tower Suites next summer.Pros: VIP services, Music/atmosphere, size of property, POOL and REHAB, Nobu, Rare 120 and Body EnglishCons: I don't know if I have any... I guess room service took a little long ( 45 min), but that is to be expected.	
Sep 2 2009 	If you are staying for business skip this hotel	The hardrock hotel is not a place to stay if you are there for a convention to work. I stayed for magic because they were doing a deal with the hotel for the tradeshow. I didnt know that my poolfacing room on the 8th floor would not keep out the noise from the pool parties they hosted with house music bumping till 1 a.m..not to mention I couldnt relax in the pool after a hard days work because of these obnoxious parties that are invite only. You are charged a daily resort fee, and if you are not there during the day you cant use the pool at night because of these loud parties for other guests. I booked sunday night and I felt like I was walking through a drunken spring break party and had to fight off douche bags to get to my room...The room was nice, but the shower was cold, remote didnt work, 13.99 a day for wi-fi. Charges everywhere for everything. Not enough of a casino for my liking either. There isnt really any cool stuff around the hotel.. you have to cab it alot of places and it gets a little annoying.I understand its Vegas and people come to party..if you want to go to vegas and party your face off and never sleep .. stay at the hardrock, but if you are a business traveler who needs to sleep.. stay elsewhere	
Aug 30 2009 	HRH 16 Aug to 21 Aug (Never again)	Due to the poor customer service at the Hard Rock Hotel on our trip in August 2008, I wrote a letter to make them aware of their shortcomings in customer service. Their response was to offer us a free night valid till September 2009. As we were always going to return to Las Vegas in August 2009, we took up the offer. We decided to stay a further four nights at the HRH instead of moving to another hotel as we had previously planned. I had advised the lady that offered the free night that we will be arriving at the HRH at 2.00pm after a 12 hour flight from New Zealand and a further hour or so flight from San Francisco. She said that she would put notes into the system but could not guarantee anything as check in on Sunday was 4.00pm.Sunday 16 August:Southwest flight out of SFO on time and arrived at the HRH at about 1.30pm. After standing in the registration line for about 35 minutes, when I get to the counter, the lady advises me that I should go next door to the VIP check in (things are looking up!!). Go to VIP check in, they take the usual credit card imprint and advise that they would call me when the room is ready.Lunch at Mr Lucky’s. Good meals and service (wife had cheeseburger sliders, I had the buffalo chicken).Wife goes to VIP check in to ask how much longer our room will be. She is rudely told that check in is at 4.00pm (3.45pm already). At 4.30pm both of us go to VIP check in. They tell me that the room is getting made up right as we speak. Get to the room at about 5.10pm. When we enter the room (540) we are overcome by a very strong paint smell. DW calls VIP desk to advise. They say that it is a VIP room and it has been freshly painted and the carpet cleaned. We had stayed in this room last year and it was not a VIP room then. When DW advises the desk of this, they tell her that as we had requested this room we should deal with it. When DW insists that there is no way that we can stay in the room as even in the very short time we have been there we are both getting headaches and sore throats, the lady advises that someone will be up with keys to another room. In the mean time a fruit platter is delivered to our room. The room service guy that delivered the platter agrees with us that the smell of paint is very strong. After 30 minutes when still no key has arrived, DW makes her way to the VIP desk. They insist that the key has been sent up and basically call her a liar. They give her keys to room 538. We move to 538. No smell of paint in the room except from what is coming out of our clothes. By this time I am on the phone to expedia to see if we can cancel the four nights we have booked after the free night. I hear loud knocking on the door of room 540. I open our door. The porter is here with the keys to room 538. I had trouble explaining to him that we don’t need keys to 538 as we are already in it. He was very rude and upset that his trip to the 5th floor was a wasted one. Lady from expedia heard the conversation and commented on the rudeness. To cut a long story short, we would have lost too much money cancelling the 4 nights that we had booked through expedia and as we had planned to only sleep a few hours per night we decided to remain at the HRH.As our flight out of Vegas was at 5.00pmon Friday, we decided to ask for a late checkout (extend to 1.00pm from 11.00am). On Thursday afternoon I ask the VIP desk for the possibility of a late check out. They tell me that I should check with the VIP desk on Friday morning.On Friday morning I visit the VIP desk to ask for check out at 1.00pm. You would think that after the problems that we had getting into our room that they would let us check out at 1.00pm. No, I was told that the room had to be vacated by midday. So much for VIP service!My wife and I have made 25 overseas trips in the last 3 and half years and stayed in over 30 hotels so feel that I am reasonably well qualified to comment on hotel customer service. We have never encountered such rude, poor and arrogant service at any other hotel. From what was once my favourite hotel, I can safely say that I will not be returning to the HRH in Las Vegas. I realise that the hotel may be wanting to project a “hip / edgy / rock star” image but feel that the staff have taken this too far and have started to behave like rock stars themselves and think that they are more important than guests. When I advised the lady that arranged the free night of the issues that we had at check in time and the fact that we had to wait so long for a room that was just not ready to have guests, her response was to offer us a free breakfast (which I refused). I will not be staying at the HRH again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Paradise at the Hard Rock	just got back from another great stay at the Hard Rock. We got to stay in the new paradise tower room and it was awesome, we loved it! Had a great time playing blackjack and the slots, won some good money too. We love this place, this is probably our 13th time staying here as we usually visit Vegas twice a year as we get some good comps to stay here. We had a nice dinner at Ago and had a late night snack at Lucky's. Didn't get a chance to eat at Rare 120 or the Pink Taco this trip. Everyone we encountered from check-in,to the dealers,security and the waitstaff was friendy and fun. We've never had a problem here! The vibe here is the best in Vegas, no other casino in Vegas compares IMO. It's always nice to walk the strip during the day and come back to the Hard Rock away from the craziness of the strip. With the addition of the Paradise Towers this place keeps getting better, it's the new Hard Rock, remixed and we love it!	
Aug 28 2009 	The good the bad and the ugly	The good:- The beds and linen are comfortable and make you sleep like a baby.- The pink taco a &quot;tex-mex&quot; restaurant at the HRH offers large portions,great flavors and has quick and friendly service.- Pool is shaped like a guitar...nice!The bad:-HRH has a shuttle that runs from 11am-10pm every 30min and will leave you near the MGM. Not exactly an ideal stop or time.-Casino is small and lifeless, casinos along the strip were packed and full of lifeThe ugly:-I had a room with a pool view, sounds nice right? take a look to your left and you'll see construction workers just yards from your room, and you can definitely hear them at 6am in the morning.-Walls do not isolate noise. I could hear every single conversation, cough, sneeze from my the adjacent rooms. I went to the nearby cvs and bought a pair of ear plugs...I wore them every time to sleep.	
Aug 26 2009 	Worst hotel staff I've ever encountered	My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel so we wouldn't have to wait in the long line for the Rehab pool party on Sunday. We got into Rehab with no problem and our beds in the room were very comfortable but the room itself was dirty and dusty and we found items from the people who stayed in the room before us. We also put all four of our names on the hotel room but we had to ask for four towels instead of two towels EVERY day. The hotel inside is disgusting - people are smoking EVERYWHERE, including inside the casino and in every hallway. I was worried that I would get burned by cigarettes as I walked by, not to mention the stench that it left on my clothes and hair. During the four days we stayed at the Hard Rock, one of the girls left her wallet in the room for a little while and in that short time had her money stolen out of her wallet. Security told her they'd get back to her after investigating it and 3 weeks later, still no phone call. Also, one of my friends and I were assaulted by a group of guys inside the casino right in front of a security guard who did nothing to help us. After we spoke to him, he called over another security guard who showed up more than 10 minutes later. We identified the guys and the security guards went to talk to them but all they did was &quot;warn&quot; them to not do it again. They didn't get their names, didn't ask if they were staying in the hotel and didn't ask to see their IDs. Security told us that they cant do anything more than warn them to not do it again and the only thing we can do is press charges with the police, but they made sure to point out that we'd have to wait 2-3 hours for the police to arrive and that our statements would be public record so it would have our names, addresses and SSNs on it and these guys would be able to look it up and get our information. After I spoke with security again that night they told me they saw that group of guys in the casino again and spoke with them again but still didn't ask for their IDs or their names! Management was completely dismissive and insensitive with this situation. They kept passing me off to different people in administration, and no one called me back about it like I was promised. They said was that what happened in the hotel wasn't their responsibility, even though THEIR staff and security didn't react properly. After I got home from the trip, I found out that one of my coworkers was also going to Las Vegas and staying at the Hard Rock so I told her to watch herself and be extra careful in the casino because security won't help her and she told me she heard the same thing from other people too!It seems ridiculous to me that a hotel chain this popular would treat their guests so badly, have dirty rooms, and have &quot;security&quot; that doesn't keep anyone secure. I will never stay at a Hard Rock property again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Ok place to stay	I wouldn't stay here if you have kids. Rooms were just ok, and bathrooms horrible. Shower head was so low, I had to bend down to be sprayed. Walking down to our ice and drink machine, the whole area was flooded.Pros- Young person hang out, lots of pretty ladies, access to rehab on Sunday, decent restaurants.Cons- Music blarred from the poolside at 8am on Sunday morning, 3 hours before pool opened. They cleaned the pool area after rehab and all I heard were power washers from 9pm to 1pm. WTF? Even heard this with the door closed. Too far off the strip.Overall a pretty rundown hotel, but i stayed in original wing. Would I go back, depends if they send me some comps.	
Aug 26 2009 	Thank you...	thank you for being on top of everything... the hard rock is fun crazy ans beautiful i love wasted space... and being able to make anything possible at the hotel... oxoxox	
Aug 26 2009 	Beautiful New Tower	We stayed in the Paradise Tower of the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, The bed and Pillows were very comfortable, and the room was very clean. There was a large shower, and the room was quite oversized, with a large flat screen t.v. Check In was very busy as their was a concert that night however the line moved fast and the associate was very helpful and responsive. We were upgraded to a corner room, more windows and a view of the strip. I have to say we did not hear anything during the night, our room was very quiet and there were people staying on our floor. This probably goes without saying but this is not a family hotel, people come here to party, and they do it well. If you are like us and like to party but then like a little peace and quiet once you do go to sleep go to the paradise tower. Also check out the Pink Taco's happy hour, the service was great and so was the food and drinks.	
Aug 25 2009 	Rehab Sunday Stinks! Stay on the Strip instead.	As a first time guest at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, I am writing this review to express my dissatisfaction during my recent stay from August 21 through August 24. After much research, my two friends and I booked our stay with the Hard Rock through Orbitz to celebrate my bachelorette party despite its location away from the strip. While the hotel and casino were certainly festive and exciting, we found the hotel rooms to be far below our expectations. The room itself was quite dingy, with stains on the carpet, an old TV remote that did not work, and only two towels for three registered guests. But perhaps the biggest disappointment came on Rehab Sunday when, after much anticipation for the event, we were shocked to find over an hour line to enter the pool area. Even more surprising was the fact that the line was made up of people who did not even stay at the hotel. As registered hotel guests, we were not given priority entrance or access to wristbands ahead of time. I travel extensively for work, and have never experienced such a disregard for hotel guests. I would appreciate a response from management explaining this poor policy.	
Aug 20 2009 	Think about why you want to stay here	I commute to Vegas about once a week for work, and as such, have stayed in almost all hotels in Las Vegas (including the Hard Rock). In my opinion, if someone were going to pick the Hard Rock as their hotel, they need to have very specific reason why they are doing so (i.e. entrance to Rehab in Sundays) – otherwise, stay somewhere else. The rooms are really nothing to brag about (though I did just stay in the new Paradise Tower, which is slightly nicer than the Casino portion), the service is atrocious (even worse than other party hotels such as the Palms), the food choices are pretty bad (really just three not so great restaurants), and their clubs have seen better days (Body English isn’t what it used to be). In fact, I’d even go as far as to say stay JUST the night you want to be there, and the rest of the time, stay anywhere else. The Hard Rock isn’t cheap, and for the prices it charges, it should really give you much more.Also, take note of the hotel’s draconian policies. For instance, if you want a late check-out, the latest I have ever gotten them to do for free is until noon (and that can be a fight, regardless of their occupancy on the day you’re planning to check out). And take note, if you’re late checking out, expect a $100 charge PER HOUR levied to your room (it’s in the terms you agree to when you check in). In addition, make sure to add $7.84 per night ($7 plus taxes) to your room rate as a “resort charge.” What that provides you, I’m not really sure since you’ll still have to pay for the internet, gym, and basically anything else that other hotels in Vegas charge you for but don’t make you pay that stupid fee.	
Aug 10 2009 	Lost Everything Cool about The Hard Rock	I have been staying here for 12 years. After the hotel was sold two years ago it has gone down hill. I only continue to stay because they give me rooms for free. This week they put me in their new tower, just opened. The room was small, the shower was designed so bad that I was shocked at how hard I had to work to get in the thing and get the water turned on. Back in the day when Peter owned the place they understood customer service, those days are over. I am a 23 year music industry vet. I can tell you that the hip kids are staying at the Wynn.	
Aug 7 2009 	Felt like a rock star!	After many vegas trips, I am in love with this hotel. Its small enough you don't get lost in the casino, big enough you can't forget you are in vegas. Room was incredible and hip. The hotel just has an energy about it. Pool is amazing! Spent lots of time there. All the restaurants I tried - Pink Taco, Lucky's (ask for the gamblers special), Rare 120 were great, and I'm a huge foodie!	
Aug 6 2009 	Don't do it	Far from the strip, front desk staff was slooowwwww and unfriendly, construction everywhere, and a casino that would fit in my basement. We rented a cabana by the pool which was nice, but worker were rolling by with wheel barrels full of concrete and debris and jackhammers pounding all around us. The music was awesome, but played loudly at all times. There was nothing to do at the hotel or immediately surrounding which was really inconvenient unless you don't mind walking 20 minutes in 110 degree heat or paying $11.00 bucks for a cab everytime just to get to the strip. Either way you are dealing with the construction along the way. If you want the total Las Vegas experience DO NOT stay here. Stay on the strip. It's actually just as cheap and you won't spend near the money on cabs. This hotel was the only negative about our trip.	
Aug 6 2009 	Brand New Tower!!!	I have read alot of review on this place and they all seem to say the rooms are run down.So i guess this is why the built a new tower to keep up with the other hotels.We stayed in the Paradise tower and it was really really nice!I have stayed at the Wynn before and it is right up there with it.For the price we paid $67 a night it was a steal!!The only negative thing i can say about the hard rock was the check in wait and the front desk.They defently need nicer people there!!This is also a hotel that attracts the younger crowd.Also while in town check out Peepshow With Holly Madison it was funny and hot chicks everywhere!!!	
Aug 1 2009 	Brilliant	I stayed there for 4 nights. The staff was brilliant and help ful even to a drunk like me at 0530 am. Best night clubs. If you like rock then Wasted Space and Body English are places to be. Besides, nicer girls come down to the centre bar. HR Rocks!	
Jul 25 2009 	Uhhh... run down expensive and lackluster	Got to say... the Hard Rock Las Vegas is now resting on it's past performance and name alone. They are far, far from the best venue in Vegas no matter who you are or what you are looking for. I will acknowledge that there is something to be said for vintage, and worn but worthy performance (think 60's or 70's rock bands on revival tours). But that comes with age, mellowing, and non-stop attention to who the audience is and what is relevant to the time. Hard Rock LV has done none of that. They might continue to book some decent bands - but they need to be judged on more than a concert venue alone. The hotel is run down and lacks the personal attention to detail that can be found in other hotels. They give you no sense that you are anywhere more exciting than a Red Roof Inn. blah....blah....and more blah.. Dark, no sparkle (and I don't mean the rhine-stoney kind - just give me some vibrancy in the staff.....the energy level....something!) The only thing they have going for them is that they still seem to attract a young 20' something crowd that brings the energy and beauty (okay superficial beauty, but none the less it's something) to what is otherwise an unimpressive environment. The rooms are a huge dissapointment - just flat out nothing special. Dining = $$ and .....(yawn). A $13 charge for internet connection (complimentary at other hotels) - extra for guests at the pool ($20)/per - get over yourselves. Ya just ain't &quot;all that&quot;.Step your game up Hard Rock. We want more, and can (and did) find it for less. We checked out and went elsewhere.	
Jul 22 2009 	HRH is getting run down.	This past weekend was my 4th-5th stay at the HRH over the last 12 years and the only place I would normally stay in Vegas. I've always enjoyed staying there with the cool, laid back vibe. It was my 40th birthday and we got a great deal from Expedia for air from Detroit and 3 nights hotel for $550 each person. Usually whenever I looked at the HRH rates, they were way too pricey. I was excited to show my friends the hotel but right away I started to notice that the place was starting to feel tired and run down. The toilet paper holder was hanging in our bathroom, there were scuff marks on the ceiling, the paint in the hallways looked old, the poker machines at the center bar were filthy, etc, etc. Even the famous Hard Rock store was barren. Instead of the 20 or so tee shirts that made Hard Rock a household name, there may have been 5 selections and instead they were selling 20 kinds of jeans!! I was most surprised when I was sitting with my buddies at the center bar at 11:30 am and a group of 15 or so construction workers from the hotel sat down and started drinking. I know the bandana wearing, grunge look is &quot;rock and roll&quot; but with the orange safety vests, missing teeth and sweaty tees, we were kind of surprised to see them. One of my buddies thought it was strange that the hotel would let their employees - construction or otherwise - drink at the main bar. The place was still rocking every night but as for being a guest, I will probably stay elsewhere in the future.	
Jul 3 2009 	If you dont sleep 	I requested and recieved a room next to the elevators facing the pool. The room was nice but nothing special. However next to the elevator facing the pool was a mistake. The elevators make a loud vacume cleaner like noise that echoed through the room. Fri-Sun the pool blasts the music @ 10am, 8am or 9am on Sun. I'm all about a late night and good times but when you go to sleep @ 5am you dont want to wake up to 10K watts of G &amp; R. Thier comp system is the worst I've encountered to date (I've played all over the country) My friend is a high rooler and dropped close to 30K in 7 days and they would'nt pick up dime one of the 3,600 in room charges. POOR!! This hotel is far from the strip. you are looking at 20 bucks round trip to the strip. This gets expensive quick.	
Jul 2 2009 	Overpriced overrated 	This hotel flat-out ripped me off and I type this in good faith to warn others of how they may be treated if they stay here. Overpriced, overrated &amp; overhyped! At first, I went to the pool party on Sundays called ‘rehab’ with my girlfriend and I asked for a menu to eat &amp; drink. Prices were $11 a regular drink or $18 for a drink with a souvenir cup. The waitress decided to bring us drinks that were the souvenir cup… We never asked for that, but we dealt with it, big deal and the fresh cut pineapple was 45 minutes late and warm, we’re just tourists I guess. Then when the check arrived, the drink prices were actually a whopping $22 (without the souvenir cup to keep) and the waitress said that the menu was wrong saying that $22 was standard for drinks, yet she never mentioned that and told me that she doesn’t set the prices there. Then why did you bring me the menu??? Feeling like I was ‘taken’, after checking in I wanted to leave 15 minutes after and tried to, yet the Manager ‘Randy’ who wouldn’t meet with me would not honor me by letting me leave without charging me my $300 for the first night of my stay. Did I mention that the Hard Rock checked me into a lesser room that I didn’t pay for? The hotel phone did not work. The toilet paper dispenser would stay on and the door barely shut. In fact, some drunken girl came in to the room when I was on the phone with the hotel telling them how I wanted out of my room because of how I was treated.In addition, the place was run amok with loud &amp; drunk fratboy’s who were acting ‘hardcore’ wearing goofy Ed Harding clothing to try and impress each other while acting like they actually had money.What happened? I went to where I usually stay, Caesar’s Palace, where (as usual) the rooms, customer service and respectful class was top notch.	
Jun 30 2009 	VERY VERY expensive	Loads of hidden charges - room resort charge $7.63 per NIGHTRoom holding deposit $150.00 per NIGHTEven hotel guests are not allowed to take crisps or coke/water to pool side - you HAVEto buy it from poolside bar at grossly INFLATED pricesSunday pool party - even hotel guests not allowed sun loungers unless you wish to pay $200.00 or spend $200.00 at the bar - either way the lounger will cost you $200.00 and if you want a beach hut - take out a mortgage !!! - No i am not kidding.Beware of fake charges - they tried to charge us room service once and also for a bottle of Jack Daniels from our room minibar - we had neither as we were aware that if you booked anything extra to your bill - it would cost approx. 10% more than the face valueA photgrpah proved the JD was still in the minibar.I would NEVER go back to this hotel again and am in process of complaining to Virgin about all the hidden charges which i feel they MUST make people aware of BEFORE they book a holiday at this hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	Not worth the money.. stay on the strip	My friends and I decided to stay at the Hard Rock for memorial day weekend just to ensure access to the Rehab pool party... we paid $750 a night just for a regular size room with a view of the construction.. when we checked in they wanted a ridiculous amount for a security deposit which could not fit on any of our credit cards since 1000 was our limits.. we had to borrow a friends CC in order to check in... the room was clean and nicely decorated but overlooked the construction work and a strip club... the music from the strip club came in our room till about 5 in the morning and we were then woken up to the construction at 7 in the morning... there were some days our room didn't get cleaned.. We had to wait at least an hour every time we ordered room service and that was when we were able to not get a busy signal or no answer... the pool is nice but drinks cost you $18 plus tip.	
Jun 25 2009	Wonderful	I stayed in the Hard Rock Hotel and it was wonderful. The staff could not have been nicer. Beds are comfortable and excellent restaurants. Rare 120 was the best. Their servings were well worth the price and their presentation was something to experience. The Rare 120 staff was so attentive and could not do enough for you. Hard Rock was clean and smelled clean. Great music and pool area. Would highly recommend this establishment. Lots of action for viewing.	
Jun 24 2009 	I had a horrible experience last night at the HR.	Some people who work there are incredibly rude but the majority of the employees are try their best. while I was losing $25 a hand at Blackjack last night. Some old grumpy pit boss who i had never seen before accused me of saying something disrepectful to him; .I have no idea what he was talking about. It was bizarre &amp; humiliating &amp; it will be a long time before I go there again;	
Jun 13 2009 	TOO LOUD 	The Pros:The beds are really comfortable, the rooms are clean, the décor is nostalgic. There is an on site concert hall called “The Joint”. The seats are folding chairs and not real chairs, for the price of the tickets I expected something nicer. Santana was an awesome concert! There is Free Parking but it is a long walk to the Hotel rooms and Casino.Now about the Cons:We had a pool view room and a view of the strip, (sorta) we also had a view of the construction crane and all the garbage and all the noise. The music in the pool area was so loud that it was impossible to take a nap during the day so you could party at night. We couldn’t carry on a normal conversation in the pool without practically yelling at each other. We had a guest meeting us at the Hotel. He was in a suit and they were going to charge him $10 to come into the pool area. He was in a suit and wasn’t even going to use the pool. The Jacuzzi was a joke, barely warmer than the pool and the jets barely moved any water. The music was just as loud in the casino area and in the restaurants.The Hard Rock charges $25 a day to use the fitness center. $25 if you open the frig just to put in your own drinks to keep them cold. The mini bar items are really expensive. You would be better off walking across the street to the drug store or the liquor store and buying your own. $13.99 a day per computer to access the internet.At 5:30 AM the maintenance crew was doing an early cleaning of the pool area. It started with gas powered blowers and power washing equipment. When we called the front desk to complain they said that they would check into it. They tried to tell us that is was the construction personnel and we told them that we had a visual on the person using the blower in the pool area, and it was not the construction. They did nothing!!!So if you like lots of noise, and paying too much for everything stay at the Hard Rock. But if you want to have more money for gambling and night life stay some where else. I know I will. There are lots of nice hotel choices	
Jun 2 2009 	Terrible rooms but good restaurants	We stayed here for 2 nights in Sept 2008 and since I'm writing this review 7 months late HOPEFULLY things have improved since. Due to the terrible experience we had, I vowed though never to stay here again. We stayed here because we were attending a concert at The Joint and they offered a package. Their rates CONSTANTLY flucuate and because of this we did save a bunch of $$ (only because we called and got our rate adjusted to the lower rate) but I would have rather stayed elsewhere and paid more. Their online website for booking reservations is AWFUL. You can't make changes and good luck when you call because you'll be on hold for a long time. I felt like I was getting the run-around quite a bit when dealing with some of their reservationists. There was more bogus stuff with regards to their concert pkg deal but I don't have all day to go on about that utterly unbelievable fiasco....I came with a large group and all that bought the package were screwed over royally.The rooms were ATROCIOUS. The carpet was worn and stained. The bathroom was disgusting! The duvet had blood stains on the underside. I did call about that and a housekeeper mgr came right up immediately and replaced it - which I was impressed about. The lighting was awful. The furniture was so ugly and worn out. You could tell this was a PARTY hotel/casino for sure and ALOT of partying had gone on! I will say the beds were VERY comfortable and that's the ONLY positive thing I have to say about the rooms.The restaurants are a different story. Pink Taco has great food and a great happy hour with pleasant servers. Mr Lucky 7 (name?) is a nice diner type place with very reasonable prices and is open 24 hrs I believe. The casino was just OK. There just wasn't anything special about it. Once of the best things about this hotel/casino is the music memorabila displays scattered about. The shops were just ok. They have a nightclub/bar (can't remember the name) that had very, very expensive drinks. The center bar in the main casino area was the place to be and the most fun was had there. This place is good for the young crowd that is interested in getting wasted and who don't care too much about their hotel room/amenities. Don't stay here if you are looking for luxury and impeccable service because you won't get it. All the employees are quite young and seem very immature at that. They seemed to lack proper training. They didn't even know how to say thank you. The Strip is quite far and you will spend a ton of $ on cab rides back and forth to the strip. There is no shuttle or at least there wasn't one 7 months ago. The icing on our stay here was being woken up at 6am both days with construction on our side of the building. We awoke to a crain outside our window and non stop beeping. It was unbelievable. AND they DO NOT tell you about this beforehand when making your reservation. Bottom line - if you go here BEWARE!!! I will never set foot in this place as long as I live.	
May 22 2009 	Just wow upgraded without asking...	I was on a 5000 miles road trip and we just decided to book the hotel a few hours prior to check in. The hotel was amazing, service too. We got upgraded to a nice room, view on the poolside, wonderful furniture, everything was perfect... except the prices for the mini-bar :) but hey, it's Vegas!	
May 21 2009 	Quite fun - if you can stand the noise	Was booked here to cover a TV shoot in Vegas. I did not pick this hotel and would not have chosen it if given a choice. First off, there is the noise. Hundred-decibel rock music, 24-hours-a-day, in every corner of the hotel save, thank the lord, in the rooms. Of course this is the point - this is not a criticism - but beware: if loud music at 6am over breakfast is not your thing, stay elsewhere. It's also a fair walk (20 minutes) from the Strip and there is a noisy construction site next door. Oh yes, the pool was closed during my November stay (why? It was plenty warm enough)All that said, the rooms are huge, comfortable and spotless. The decor - lots of white and black leather, proper 1970s-style carpets and huge beds is perfect for what it is. Decent gym and the food is pretty good as well. Best of all, the staff are friendly and bend-over-backwards helpful. Something went wrong with my laundry ( a small delay) and lots of stuff was knocked off my room bill in compensation without being demanded. I thought I was probably 20 years too old for this place but noticed plenty of ancient rockers having a great time. IN fact, everyone here seemed to be having a good time. Ended up quite liking this bizarre establishment, despite myself.	
May 20 2009 	The best rooms in town	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this place is way underrated. The rooms are unbelievably incredible. Large room, big HD-TV, the most comfortable beds in town, and I liked the bathroom. The pool area is great.They sure do play some strange music in the casino. The go-go dancers around the gambling tables are gorgeous. It's not close to the strip, but I believe they have a shuttle to it.The Hofbrauhous (German restaurant) is right across the street.I am really stunned this place is rated so low. I can't wait to stay there again.	
May 4 2009 	2 views for the price of one...	Good room rates on pool and construction site view. You get to see men in bathing suits, and men in construction hats. 2 views for the price of one.We expected some construction noise, but the safety beeping of the trucks backing up was noticeable even from our 9th floor, center, pool view room. The beeping and the construction noise starts at 6:30 am and continues until past 10 pm. Though, you don't notice the noise, when they play rock music by the pool. The new hotel tower additions look like boxy office park office buildings. They have none of the “boutique” flavor and character that the existing hotel has with its French doors opening out to the pool and signature curve shape.All in all, we were still glad we were there. The beeping noise did not bother the one with the hearing loss (due to years of listening to hard rock music). Still, try to bring a pair of ear plugs if your hearing is good. See attached pool construction view photos. On Mondays they play hip hop music by the pool. The other days is regular rock music.The hotel will be nice once the hotel and pool construction is finished. Come back in 6 months, you're better off waiting. Especially with all the good rates on hotels in Vegas that are not undergoing construction.	
Apr 29 2009 	Very unsatisfied	We paid $1500 for VIP McCartney tickets packaged through HRH, got there, no VIP line (The Joint is general admission). They explained they dudn't number any tickets so go wait at the end of the line. We ended up behind a guy who paid $225 for his ticket and was in front of us. i expected a nicer room and got a standard one. They way I see it I paid $500 eash for 2 tickets (2X what others paid) and $500 for a regular room, about 5X what it should have been. The next day they emailed me a satisfaction form that I complained about the above in and haven;t heard anything since. I guess they have my money so what do they care.	
Apr 17 2009 	Hard Rock Hotel is the Best Hotel In Vegas	We've been staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and it's still the best hotel in Vegas. We've stayed at the other bigger hotels in Vegas - but nothing compares to the Hard Rock. It's Classy, full of great amentities, friendly, and reasonbly priced.It offers something for everyone. Of course it's geared towards the younger, hip crowd. But there is something here for everyone from 80 to 2. The pool is the best and unique. The restaurants and bar or fabulous (check out the new Rare 120). Starbucks just a quick elevator ride down from your room.The gaming area is intimate and fun. The staff was fabulous - better than ever. We rquested assistance several times for minor services in our room - and they were prompt and friendly.Get a room faciling the pool - it's worth the upgrade. The pool is lit up at night with the Strip's light in the background. You can open up your french doors that look over the pool and soak in all of the sights. If you're in the room before the pool closes - you'll get to listen to rock and roll music and enjoy the sun coming in/setting.we were nervous about the reviews regarding the construction. And it was not that big of deal. We could &quot;kind of hear&quot; some typical construction noises in the morning - and we didn't notice anything at the pool They have the great Rock and Roll music playing. So don't worry about the construction. Sometimes you can hear the planes - but it just depends on what their flight paths are during the day. They have a shuttle you can use - and taxis are always usefu. If you have a designated driver, renting a car is a nice option. They have a self park - that is free and VERY convienently located/connected to the main building. It will save you a lot of money in cab fares - IF you have a designated driver.Overall, this is our number one place to stay. We've been here alone with just the two of us, we've brought our children (12 and 13 years), and our grandparents. It's a great setting for all. But if you're 21 to 30 - and like the night scene and young bodies - of course this is even more ideal. But there are all ages here too. And they treat you all the same. You feel valued as a guest - even if you're not 25 and a model's body. Looking forward to coming back and staying in the NEW towers - though the Casino Rooms are classic.We'll be back.	
Apr 16 2009 	This place rocked.	Wanted to review this too, as I just reviewed Mandalay from when I stayed there.I'm not sure if restaurants/clubs should be part of the review. I'm counting it in with my four star rating. Body English was a great atmosphere, and the japanese restaurant we went to before was also amazing.Being Spring Break, I didn't spend too much time in the room. But I did spend enough time to be able to say it was clean, the beds were great rest, and the bathroom was really nice, too. I think the high price here was as justified as you can probably do with these high-end hotels that are hard to justify 'Value' in the first place.The pool here was also out of control. We actually got passes, but whereas normally I'd think having to pay at these high-ends is lame, I would have actually forked over the money.I stayed in March '07, so ymmv, but at the time, it was definitely the hotel in Vegas that I'd stay at.	
Apr 15 2009 	Beware the Construction Noise	The hotel is great, as always, but the new construction going on for the towers starts, literally, at 6:30am. So if you go to bed late (and who doesn't at the Hard Rock) then be aware that jackhammers, radial saws and other really, really loud equipment will roust you out of bed right at 6:30am.And regardless of what they say at the fron desk, there is no soundproofing or location that'll fend off the noise.Otherwise, we love it here.	
Mar 19 2009 	Disappointing	I found a great deal so I was looking forward to staying here, but I found the room and experience disappointing. The bathroom is very small. There was no counter, just a sink. I had nowhere to set my toiletries. I've never seen that in a hotel. The beds are comfy, and there is a large flat screen TV. Room noise is an issue because you are close to the airport so be prepared for jet noise, plus noisy guests walking down the hall in the wee hours, which you can hear right through the door. In a nice touch there are french doors that open to the outside. The room is stocked with overpriced water and snacks. Go to the CVS across the street. No coffee maker either in the room. The casino is filled with restaurants but I found them pricy. Mr Lucky's the diner is the cheapest of the lot but you can pay a lot less for diner food elsewhere. But the wait staff was nice.  The pool area is beautiful and probably the high point of the hotel. There is construction going on around the pool area with two new towers going up, but the noise was not an issue. Again drink prices from the pool bar are pricy. $7 for a can of Heineken. The bartenders and staff are very friendly though.  You will be charged a $7.63 a day resort fee, whatever that is. I just get the feeling this place is nickle and diming you with this mysterious fee and the overpriced goods in your room. I resented that. Finally the place seems isolated with no convenient way to get around if you don't have a car. It's over 2 miles to the strip through some dodgy neighborhoods. There is a free shuttle that runs from 11am to 9pm. It leaves from the front of the Hard Rock Cafe on the corner and drops you off at the Showcase Mall (next to MGM) But if you stay out later (and most of us will) getting back will run you a $10 plus cab ride. That adds up.	
Mar 11 2009 	The Beds are soooo comfortable!!!!!!!!	Our room was great.Very clean, cool plasma TV.Bathroom was mostly mable clean and lots of room.The staff was great.always helpful and poliet Try Mr.luckys, its a 24hr. diner.Great food.I would definetly stay at The Hard Rock agin.	
Mar 9 2009 	It's worth a look--but not a stay.	The biggest beef I had with the hotel was simply the location. It's quite a walk to the strip. Sure they advertised a shuttle--but it only ran from 11am to 9pm. Who goes out that late and comes in that early while in Vegas?We did enjoy the room. It had a large screen TV and some of the most comfy beds we've been in at a hotel. That being said, I've never been to a luxury hotel. There was a lot of construction going on.Be warned: They have you sign a disclaimer that you won't bring outside drink/food. We did anyways, hiding it. Their stores where very costly to buy from them. They are located next to a CVS with reasonable alcohol pricing.We did love the music. After purusing casinos all day, it's nice to get a break from the typical casino noise the machines make. I would recommend a mid-day visit utillizing the free shuttle that sits outside the MGM. However, for the sake of your wallet or feet, pick something closer to the strip.	
Mar 8 2009	hard rock parking garage	It was in the evening, waiting to pick up our kids at the airport, and had some time to kill. Went up to the 8th level of the Hard Rock Casino parking garage and parked west and had a FANTASTIC VIEW of the strip and jets landing and taking off from the airport. We were the only ones there on the entire level. Please don't be there the next time my wife and I do this as it will ruin the romantic feeling. We like to come to Vegas to relax and enjoy life in the easy lane and this was wonderful.Ken	
Mar 2 2009 	My last time at the Hard Rock	I have stayed many times at the Hard Rock, and have loved it's edgy, hip, rocker appeal. Not this time. My wife and I just returned last weekend staying at the Hard Rock and the entire hotel is being renovated. WARNING: CONSTRUCTION ZONE! We were expecting to hang out by the pool, but it is closed until the summer. This is not mentioned anywhere on their website. A Resort fee is being charged..... you would think that the resort fee would be for the use of the pool? NOT!!!! Beware: Jack hammering starts at 5:00 in the morning. Make sure you bring your ear plugs. The Hard Rock hotel Blows!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 21 2009 	Have the	You can't go wrong with this...steak, three grilled shrimp, choice of potato, and a salad for $7.77!!! Yes, that is correct, not a typo...it is NOT on the menu...you have to ask for it by name...SO worth it!!	
Feb 20 2009 	24hr Construction Zone - RESORT FEE!!!??	I received a great rate through the casino marketing department. Comp 2 nights with extra nights at $75.00. Or so I thought. When I arrived I saw the construction. Not a simple renovation but FULL SCALE BUILDING. Two new towers were being built and the entire pool area was being ripped out. Construction was going 24 hours a day. Jackhammering at 6 am with my room overlooking the mess and noise. During my reservation process NOT ONE WORD about the construction. I was upgraded to a suite but that was part of the promotion. By the way, the noise is just as loud in a suite as in a regular room. When I looked at my bill I saw a resort fee charge. I called to the front desk and was told the resort fee was for &quot;Linens and towels&quot;, bathroom amenities and Valet Parking. What a crock! In the bathroom there were &quot;bathroom amenities&quot; with $25 prices on them in such small light print that I used them not knowing I would be charged $50 for shampoo and conditioner. But wait you may say, wasn't bathroom amenities part of the &quot;resort fee&quot;. Nope. It should be called the &quot;rip-off fee&quot;. To make matters worse, I wrote to both Morgan's Hotel Group (owners) and the Hard Rock over a month ago and not one word from them.	
Feb 15 2009 	Room Deposit Surprise.....CAUTION !!!!!!!!!	Booked 6 nights through Hotwire. Went to front desk to check in and they asked for my credit card for a deposit. Card did not go through because they tried several times to put $1000+ for a deposit. The credit card thought it was suspicious activity and they put a hold on the card. I told the front desk person that was a ridiculous amount for a deposit and would not pay it. He said that he would not check me in if that was the case. I told him that i had stayed in MANY Vegas hotels and NEVER had to pay such a deposit on a room. He remarked that the Bellagio does it...this is NOT the Bellagio! He then said it was because they have plasma tv's in all the rooms and they need to be protected...the Holiday Inn on Boulder Highway has plasma tv's and they DO NOT charge that kind of deposit...try another excuse! I ended up leaving and calling Hotwire from the parking lot. They got me into another hotel for my stay and did everything they could to make me happy. Kudos to Hotwire! Had plans to meet colleagues at NOBU...not happening after that check-in fiasco....will never go into this hotel or any of their restaurants again. Your loss Hard Rock!Spoke with fraud department at my cc company hours later and they remarked that Hard Rock had continued to try to charge me for the deposit even after I had left...a total of 9 times! Not good at all.	
Feb 5 2009 	Stay away!!!!	We are newlyweds so my husband and I went to LSV for a &quot;mini-honeymoon&quot; 'cause we wanted back home to spend Christmas with my family, so we tought that going would be funny, and it was, but the hotel was the most terrible experience that I've ever had and I must to say that I've stayed several times in Vegas and Hard rock is just not that good, moreover, is very expensive for what it offers.We stayed there from Dec. 18th-22nd., when we arrived, the front desk staff wasn't polite at all, he also offered us an other bedroom (we have booked a King size room) and as we were so tired (we were driving and got the December snow storm!) we accepted, after that, he told us about a $600 charge as deposit for &quot;futures damages&quot;, we were lucky to have cash with us, because we have to pay more than $1100 with our CC. The room was ok, with a good view to MGM and other hotels, the construction was under our room, but as we were staying at the 11th. floor we didn't hear the noise.By the third day, our towels weren't changed, we have to ask for it at the front desk, also the sink wasn't working and we informed about this too, they said that someone were going to fix it but never came, ever!...The last night wast the worst of all, the people staying next door, came to the room around 3 am, and were laughing sooo loud, then yelling, and finally..... well you can imagine, the noise was insuffrable, and it felt just like if they were at our room, I called to the front desk thousands of times but I think that they didn't do anything, becuase the noise finished around 6 a.m.After our experience we can only advice to stay away from Hard Rock, there is not even a good reason to stay there, not even when most of people says that this is a good hotel if you are around 21 - 35 years old, well, I'm 28 and my husband 29, and this is not the kind of hotel that we want to stay in.	
Feb 3 2009 	Hated my Stay!!!!!!!!!!! Dont Ever Stay Here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We went for the largest convention of the year and stayed here. We stayed for four nights, I had a bad time because as soon as monday morning came we were woken up by Jack hammering above our room at 8am. In vegas thats the last thing you want to hear during a hang over! The first morning it happened i let it go thinking that it would not happen again the next day. But then they start up the next morning even earlier at 7:15! you would think that they got the picture when the whole floor complained the day before! Another thing, we pay exra for a &quot;poolside view&quot; and they dont even tell us that the pool is under construction and drained out so we get to look at garbage all weekend. When i call guest services to file a complaint the second morning the jack hammering was happening, they place me on a &quot;brief hold&quot; for 10 minutes, in which i had to call back a second time before they heard my complaint, they tell me there is no manager in that can stop the horrid noise until after 8 and offer to bring down ear plugs. When our boss that traveled with us compalined yesterday, they admitted to putting us here because we booked through a travel website. When i come to vegas again I will never book a room at HRH again this was the worst stay i ever had!!!	
Feb 2 2009 	The Hard Rock Rocked!!!	My husband and I just got back from Vegas. I have been there twice before and stayed at Treasure Island and The Venetian. By far, the Hard Rock was my favorite. All of the hotels on the strip are great but they are too overdone. We wanted a young atmosphere where people don't care what you wear, what you look like, etc. It was very laid back. The food at the Get Lucky 24/7 was awesome. It wasn't expensive. They serve so much food that my husband and I shared all our meals. The rooms were very clean and the bed was so comfortable that it was hard to get up every morning. The staff was very friendly and put us on the guest list every night for Wasted Space and Body English (just ask at the front). We will stay here again end of May because we loved it so much.	
Jan 31 2009 	Worst Casino in Vegas	For starters this is not a family friendly hotel. The lobby is a round room where the casino is and at night they will have stripper-esque women dancing with poles. I know it's Vegas but if you want to see a show like this you pay to go to one, you don't have to see it while you're gambling in the hotel lobby. The casino by the way, is tiny and underwhelming. They bring you drinks while you gamble which are very small and watered down and expect tips for every drink, so really you end up paying for what a regular drink would be somewhere else. I was there with my two best friends and husband and the worst part of our trip was waking up the morning after we got there. At about 5AM construction starts outside of our room. I mean literally outside of our room. I am laying in bed wondering where the hell all of that noise could be coming from, it sounded like someone was right outside our window with a jackhammer. I finally go to the window and open the blind and low and behold less than 30 feet from our window(which looked out on top of a part of the hotel) was tons of constructions workers with all kinds of tools making all kinds of noise. Right outside the window, literally. I tried to turn on my iPod and go back to sleep but by this time everyone in the room, two of which are the heaviest sleepers I know, are awake and annoyed. We call the front desk and tell them about the problem. Now thankfully they had a room at the opposite side of the hotel away from construction noise and we appreciate that but why on earth would you put any guests in a room where construction would be done 20 feet away from their window?! We had all unpacked our stuff and settled in and at 6AM had to pack up and switch rooms. I could still hear construction in the morning the rest of our stay from the other room but it couldn't be heard over an iPod. The rooms are disturbingly retro. Our first room was spacious enough but had no color and the bathroom was hidden by what looked like a dressing room's wall length three way mirror. Really odd. The beds were nice and the interior of the bathroom was okay. The rest of the room really needs some sort of color and decoration. The pool area was closed and the pools were drained while we were there but they looked like they would be pretty when open. I've stayed in Las Vegas three times in November (my husband always has to go there this time of the year) and the other three places I've stayed at have kept their outdoor pools open this late. I am one to lay out by the water even when it's 70 degrees outside.The food that the hotel serves is awful for what you would expect and what you pay. We ate at the Lucky's Diner a lot and the food was fried, greasy and expensive. The only meal I enjoyed here was tofu teriyaki and the ceasar salad. The last night we were there my girlfriends and I ate at Agu, the supposedly amazing Italian restaurant. We expected quality food for what we were willing to pay and were all extremely disappointed. Do not eat here. We did love Pink Taco however. We ate here everyday especially during happy hour. We loved the margaritas, the bean dip and the tacos. A few things I would recommend for this place. -Instead of paying for the high priced drinks run to the store across the street that sells liquor in it and make your own drinks in the room. There are also a bunch of cheap food places at the intersection the hotel is at. -If you can afford to, take a taxi to the strip instead of walking. While we were there major road reconstruction was taking place and we had to take a really long detour which on foot in a cute outfit, sucked. Also we didn't feel safe in the area. When we left the strip at night we paid a cab to take us home. Ladies especially do not walk by yourselves. -I have stayed at the Venetian right on the strip which is lovely. If you are looking to be away from the strip I would recommend the Red Rock Casino or the Green Valley Ranch. The last two have their own huge casinos, a theater, a great selection of restaurants and very modern rooms (with two flat screen tvs in every one). -The only restaurant in the hotel I would recommend is the Pink Taco.-If you are conservative, over the age of 25 or have a family than stay somewhere else.	
Jan 26 2009 	Things they don't tell you.....	Stayed here over the New Year and didn't think it lived up to the hype. The rooms were OK but nothing special. It all had a tacky feel ..but not in a good way! (I have to add here that i do actually like tack.)Anyway it's a long walk from the strip and not a particularly nice walk. And the noise from the airport is ridiculous...and there's planes taking off every 2 minutes. Just thought you'd like to know.On the plus side...some great places to eat in the small shopping parades across the road.	
Jan 19 2009 	Funnest Hotel in Vegas	The Hard Rock Hotel is aimed at a younger group of people. When I statyed I was 22 and it was one of the funnest times I every had. The pool was the best part of the hotel. It was huge and the staff working was great. We went for a bacholer party and it was the perfect enviroment. THe women working and at the pool were amazing. The only thing that I did not like about the hotel was the location. Cab fare killed us throughout the couple days we were there. THe hotel is off the strip. Overall terrific hotel if you are looking to party.	
Jan 16 2009 	Worst Hotel In Vegas!!!!	I stayed here in October of last year with my boyfriend. I came from the Venetian (which was pure heaven) to this hotel. I stayed 2 nights and being a big hard rock fan i was really excited. We went to check in and a really rude girl at the desk asked us for our credit card for incidentals. Our stay had been already pre-paid. She told us that it was declined but we explained to her that the Venetian puts a freeze on your card and doesnt release it for 24 hours (as do most hotels) so would it be ok to pay the deposit in cash instead. she then told us that they dont accept cash and that if they do make an exception they'll have to take a bigger cash deposit. when i asked her why that was, she said 'well its us doing you a favour'. She said we'd have to wait for the supervisor who wouldnt be back until the evening and she may or may not make an exception. So we were so worried that we'd already paid for our stay which was non-refundable but they may not let us stay after all, we might have been homeless for the next 2 nights. I then decided to go up to the concierge desk and explained everything, she said that the supervisor was in fact there and the whole time she was standing beside the girl we were talking to. She called her over and the supervisor said she can reduce the amount to one night's deposit which was eventually accepted on my card. If that wasn't enough, the room was small, nothing to brag about and was a huge dissapointment after the luxury of the venetian and you had to pay for access to the pool and when i looked out the window nobody was using it, anytime of the day, which is no surprise as you dont have to pay in any other hotel. I've been to Vegas 3 times and this was the worst hotel i stayed in. I've stayed in the luxor, the mgm grand, the golden nugget and the venetian and ALL of them were a million times better than the hard rock. BE WARNED - dont stay here!!!!!	
Jan 6 2009	Wasted Space Nightclub Review	Wasted Space, the Hard Rock Resort Hotel &amp; Casino's new &quot;anti club&quot; nightclub, is not what it is purported to be in its advertising. The only difference between it and every other resort hotel nightclub like Pure, Lavo, Tao,or the Voodoo Lounge is that you can wear street clothes (yes, tennies &amp;t-shirts!) , and its sound system is worse than those in the other clubs. Other than those differences, Wasted Space is just another dark, Hip-Hop/House music club. Yes, there's a little rock, but it's set to a serious hip-hop beat, so it doesn't sound like rock at all. And, with the distorted sound coming from a mediocre system, it's like torture.My suggestion to Carey Hart, Jason Giambi, &amp; Benji and Joel Madden is to be true to your club's advertising. If it's a rock club as you state (“I wanted a place where my friends and I could hang out and listen to some great rock music with a cool atmosphere…there were no options in Vegas, so I made my own,” said Hart), then play rock, and don't change the rock. It's what we rock n' rollers expect when we get there. Also, if you're an &quot;anti-club&quot; unlike the other Vegas clubs, allow your patrons to sit, relax and party to the beat of some real rock drumming without having to spend $200 for a fifth of Grey Goose and a booth. Last but not least, Guys, get a decent sound system.What a disappointment it was for me, a former regular in the mid 90s at the Hard Rock Hotel, to have been so excited to check out the new venue Wasted Space, only to find out that it is truly a waste of space.	
Jan 5 2009 	Fun place to stay	Hard Rock Hotel is a fun off-strip hotel in Las Vegas catered to a hip, young crowd. I am in my mid thirties and I've stayed here on two separate trips to Vegas and have enjoyed it both times. The rooms are clean and modern and the overall vibe can't be beat. The casino is small, but has a nice bar which is a fun place to grab a drink before heading out. The Pink Taco is a great casual mexican restaurant with good, inexpensive food. There is also a 24-hour diner type restaurant that has decent burgers and breakfast.This isn't a luxury property but if you a looking for a fun, hip hotel on a moderate budget, it may be a good choice for you.	
Jan 4 2009	Hard Rock Casino Hollywood Florida	The Hotel is new and very expensive. Don't waste your time or money in this Casino. They use nothing but those cheating pile of crap auto shuffler machines on the lower limit black jack tables. I have gone four times and lost money all four times.They have stacked the odds heavily against you with these auto shufflers. Also keep in mind any time you play the Indians you play a self regulated Casino. Which in my opinion is a huge house advantage. Unlike Vegas, the Indians create and apply their own policy in the casinos. Now who do you think they are looking out for? If you guessed the Indians, you are correct.The slot machines are all controlled my some &quot;Whopperesq&quot; computer system that is probably always working the odds away from you.So in my humble opinion, STAY WAY! Don't cry, I warned you. Go to Vegas, they are giving away rooms now near Freemont, or go on a cruise on NCL, Carnival, or Royal Caribbean instead. You will be able to play hand shuffled shoes in these places where you can almost make 50 - 50 odds against the house.By the way, unlike Vegas, you also get treated to expensive drinks at $7 a pop in the hard rock. So you need to pay for your drinks just so you can give the house an added advantage. That sucks if you ask me..	
Jan 3 2009 	Serves its purpose	Stayed at the hard rock for three nights recently for a guys getaway. Enjoyed the hotel, the price was right and the rooms were fine.This isn't the place I would take my wife for a nice getaway. It's not fancy, it's a bit smoky and has a little bit of the old Las Vegas feel. Pluses. The beds in the rooms were very comfortable, the rooms had french doors which is nice to get some fresh air. Nice big flat screens with lots of channels. Everyone was very friendly, check in, bellboys, dealers. Casual restaurants had great inexpensive food and the table minimums were low. The place is very fun, it has a good vibe, it isn't massive like most hotels on the strip. I'm sure it would be even better when the pool is open. Did not hear any construction at all, however airport is near and sometimes the planes are loud.Negatives. No fan in bathroom (a good thing to have when staying with guys) room is a bit dated with some scuff marks and wear and tear. Smokey gambling floor which is annoying.All in all I would recommend the Hard Rock for a guys getaway or for a fun inexpensive weekend.	
Jan 2 2009	Disappointed	I booked two nights at the Hardrock for my daughter and son in law on her birthday. I booked the room several months ahead and specifically chose the king bed mountain view room. The room was prepaid and charged to my credit card at the time of booking. When they arrived at 6 Pm they were told there were no king bed rooms available and they would have to take a 2 bed mountain view room. This was hard to understand since the reservation specified a king bed room and was prepaid months in advance. The room was quite expensive and I feel this was not only deceptive but poor customer service. We will think twice before staying there again even though the rest of the stay was fine.	
Jan 1 2009 	Loved the hotel	I thought the hotel was great! The room was the best !Great beds great tv and great maid service. Ther room was very clean!! We stayed during the holidays in the winter so it was fairly calm. Im not sure how loud the pool gets in the summer. There was construction going on but it didnt bother us at all. You couldnt hear any noise from it except when you open your doors to look outside we could hear the crans beeping every once in awhile no big deal! It is away from the strip so you must drive or plan on taking a taxi!! Casino is a bit smaller than most of the big hotels we visited but that can be a good thing!	
Dec 20 2008	Alright	The Hard Rock's OK. We stayed for 2 nights before flying home.The main problems with it are it's a little bit overpriced, it's too far from the strip and the 'pool scene' feels a bit contrived. We struggled to get a place to sit/ lie down around the pool as we were obviously a bit late getting up (and there's me thinking - it's the Hard Rock, I'm sure there will be nobody up before 12!) As a party destination, I don't really 'get' it. Maybe it's a cultural thing? I've enjoyed time in Goa, Ibiza and other places, but I guess the American 'party' culture is very different and just not for me - it's all a bit Disney (which isn't a bad thing if you're at a theme park).The casino's pretty small (which isn't really a bad thing) as is the whole resort by Vegas standards. I see they're extending the accommodation (and hopefully the pool area as I'm sure you'll never get a drink if they have the same size pool for what looks like twice as many guests). It looks like it was probably quite a good place to stay in the 1990's. The rooms were pretty good, clean enough with half decent toiletries. I'd say the standard of room is just below that of a Hyatt.Being from the UK, we like to walk to places and don't take our car absolutely everywhere we go, so the walk to the strip was doable, but walking up and down the strip and back is pushing it.We ate in 2 of the restaurants - we managed a shared started in Mr Lucky's 24-7 and physically couldn't eat anymore (and I was about 200lbs on holiday!). The standard of food was pretty good in there - just above TGI Fridays and cheaper. We also ate at AJ's steakhouse which was alright. Had a half decent steak and paid a bit too much for it, but the service was good.	
Dec 19 2008 	Mixed experience at HRH Vegas	My experience as follows:1st an unbelievable rate to start with:I stumbled upon an unbelievable rate which I booked immediately w/o hesitation. $14 a night incl taxes. This is the thread where it all started (http://las-vegas-hotels.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g45963-i10-k2317252-Unbelievable_offer_any_catch-Las_Vegas_Nevada.html)2nd. I tried to do the $20 trick to get an upgrade (the check in staff didn't know how much I was paying. Failed!3rd. When my kid opened the minibar and moved some of the items, it immediately triggered charges to the room account. NOTE: Item moved = hotel will assume it has been consumed. I called to front desk to explain and they happily credited back the charges.4th When I checked out, I was shocked to find $239 charged to my room as room rate. I spoke to e front desk, they are equally puzzled too as mine's supposed to be pre-paid. They promised credit card won't be charged and gave me a Guest Services Manager's card in case. 2 days later, my card was charged. I tried many times to reach that manager but can't. Finally I spoke to another GSM and he promised to take care of it. The charge was finally reversed few days later.Ok room wise, its pretty standard according to Vegas standards. Nothing fanciful. Location is off-strip, so u probably want to have a car to get you around.	
Dec 18 2008 	Watch out for hidden fees	Great hotel, great service, but watch out for hidden fees. Check your credit card statement!!!!I reserved my room through Hotels.com, which I expected this to be the full, total price. This is not the case. You may think you are getting the best rate through hotels.com, but they don't tell you that this hotel will charge an additional daily $7.63 resort fee, on top of what you pay hotels.com. So expect the unadvertised resort fee to hit your credit card after your stay and don't expect any help from hotels.com about it as I requested they pay me back for the fee as I paid them for the room, not Hard Rock. Hotels.com refused to refund me for the fee and stated that any hotel can charge an additional fee at anytime and it's out of their hands. Seems like a shady way to operate. Hotels.com and Hard Rock should have this worked out and included in the advertised rate.Also watch for minibar charges as I got hit with charges on my credit card and I didn't even open the refrigerator.Other than the extra fees this is a great hotel, full of good looking people.	
Dec 11 2008 	So much fun!	One of my best friends and I booked a four night girl's trip to Vegas - it was a blast. The only downside about the Hard Rock is that it's quite a walk from the strip - we didn't really mind because we drove from LA and they have free valet - but those without cars would have to rely on cabs (or not wear heels).We made friends with Estaban, the fantastic concierge, who put us on all the lists at some of the best clubs (Tao, Body English, Tryst, etc). When we showed up at the clubs we didn't wait in line or pay cover (always easier when you're a girl in a cute outfit!).While I noticed the construction we didn't hear anything in our huge room. We were upgraded to a room for people with disabilities so had a lot of space.Pink Taco was also fantastic!	
Dec 11 2008 	Under Construction Decent Rate $65 Dirty Carpet	Okay, I booked this through Hotels.com, got a great rate, non smoking room, large room, stain on carpet, I felt could've been cleaned with a spot carpet cleaner. Construction going on outside, but did NOT effect inside activities. Here is the kicker..........the bed was the BEST I have had all year. So I rate this with 5 Curls..............Gerry Kurl was rocking. I also saw IRON MIKE TYSON at the Wasted Time Lounge. He was kicking it with some females! GO GET IT CHAMP!	
Dec 9 2008 	Definitely for the young (or young at heart)	Stayed once in Oct and again in Nov this year.Our first stay was a comped room on the top floor. Room was nice and roomy and appeared in good condition. The second stay was on a lower floor room and the condition was not as nice with stained/worn carpets. Really didn't bother us much since we didn't spend much time in the room; after all, it is Vegas.The second room had very slow drains in both the bathtub and the sink. I just don't enjoy taking showers with water up to my ankles. The drain in the wash sink took 2 minutes to drain (I was so frustrated that I timed it). Didn't have the same problem in the first room.I do like the fact that they give large size shampoo, conditioner, and lotion. But both stays there was only one bar of soap.Hard Rock is undergoing some construction/expansion so there were some minor detours but nothing major. I could hear some construction noise in the room but nothing that woke me from sleep.It's very evident that Hard Rock caters to a young crowd or those who are young at heart. What can you expect? After all it is the Hard Rock.Service can be spotty. I find that to be the case at many places that try to be hip/cool. There's a fine line between being cool and being too cool.The casino itself is not very large. In fact, it is rather compact. But all the games are there.Did not get a chance to use the pool and it was too cold in Nov. The gym costs $20 to use but looked nice.Hard Rock is located off the Strip and quite a distance to walk. So a car is definitely recommended.Overall, those who go there for the Hard Rock experience will enjoy it. Those expecting something else will be disappointed.	
Dec 6 2008 	Always my fav	I've stayed at the HR numerous times. All I can say is this place ROCKS!!!!!! It's my favorite hotel to stay at when in vegas. I could write a ten page review as to why I love it so much but I'll keep it simple. Food, bars, club, events, pool, atmosphere, gaming, ALL GREAT. This is a place you go to party and have fun. If your looking for a quiet getaway or a place to relax then don't stay at the HR. It's a place to let loose and party like a rock star. VIVA LAS VEGAS BABY!!!!!	
Nov 25 2008 	Great Staff!	I give the staff here second to no casino hotel in vegas &amp; close to a Four Seasons! Front Desk, Bell Staff, are great! Even better are the Center Bar Tenders &amp; the Staff at Pink Taco! What a great time!!!! Dont miss their happy hour &amp; the $7.77 steak at Lucky Sevens (tip well &amp; you can get it to go!) Rooms very nice but nothing truely amazing (no complaints, just typical for the upper crust of Vegas!)	
Nov 17 2008 	Make sure you throw up somewhere in the bathroom!	So, I'd always heard amazing things about the Hard Rock ... being a young 22 year old woman I've always wanted to stay there... I came out on the Monday before Veterans days for shits and giggles and I really really really enjoyed the young singles scene and the party atmosphere. It's wild and I WOULD NOT recommend it for families or anyone conservative and boring. On a Monday and Tuesday night it was packed with people ages 21-late 30's. No offense older folk, but you will be the social pariah of the casino!My only complaint is that a friend of mine brought a party friend of hers up to my room and she threw up on the bed. Being inebriated myself, at the time it didn't seem like a big deal and something I could deal with in the morning. The reality was harsh the next morning when I received the $700 bill for replacing the WHITE duvet cover and other random [-]. So my advice is don't have messy intercourse on the beds, eat ANYTHING on the beds, or even breath on the beds cause there may be a charge. I understand throw up but $700!!!! Ridiculous.The Hard Rock has a great atmosphere, horrible service, &amp; rude front desk people so I recommend staying somewhere else and paying the $10 cab ride from the strip. I'm honestly really bummed that I didn't have a better experience because it's such a killer scene but everybody deserves a second chance. Soooo I'll give it a second go and make sure to bring my plastic booties to wear over my shoes so I don't have to pay for anything ruined by my shoe bottoms! FYI: Nobu rocks! I live in LA and have been to the one in the 'Bu and it's definently comparable!	
Nov 16 2008	Nice hotel dissapointing service	We stayed at the HRH 9-10 Nov. Unlike the other reviews we had no nuisance with the current construction work. The rooms were big, very clean and had a massive flatscreen TV in it. Very nice bathroom and cosy bed. But that was it. No breakfast, no (free) gym (costs 20 USD for already paying customers). Overall it looked nice. Front desk lady was a bit cool, explaining thoroughly about the minibar and it not being free, well duh..!!)You do need a car! Walk TO the strip is it least 20 min. Go for breakfast to Hotel Paris: Excellent breakfast buffet!	
Nov 14 2008	Fun Place All Young People.	Have gambled and partied at the Hard Rock many times before, but a recent bachelor party wknd gave me the opportunity to finally stay over. Place is definately fun. All weekend long, seemed like 90% of the guests are under 35. At night, everyone dresses sexy, and the casino and lobby area becomes pretty hot. Compared to the other mega-casinos, I liked the small size. PROS Room was pretty good, modern looking, with a very comfy platform bed, a cool light beam in the corner, and a flat screen tv. Had a view of the pool which was great, because all day saturday while lying in bed nursing off a devestating hangover, was fun listening to the pool dj play popular toons through the open doors. CONS Bathroom was small and not very upscale, and the TV didn't wouldn't get to regular channels, just music stations. Called downstairs and tried to explain how to reset it, but that didn't work. They offered to send someone up and comp my intenet (at $14 per 24 hrs) which was nice, but neither actually occured. I was too much in a rush checking out to fight about it. Also, the room while modern designed, is starting to feel a little dated, however the bachelor had a suite, which was newly renovated and looked pretty damn cool. Also the public areas and hallways need a freshening, sounds like this is planned for a year out from now. Have eaten at one the NY branches of Nobu and Ago and the LA branch of Pink Taco, so didn't feel the need to hit these places again. Didn't try the spa. Did order room service breakfast one morning. Came quickly. French toast was warm and delicious, but the smoothie sucked. Clearly was just ice and juice and appeared to have been not freshly made. Also when I came back later that day, the housekeeper moved the trey out to the hallway, but it was still there hours and hours later. All in all, good fun, would def go back for the right price, we paid $99/night. One of my Vegas favorites.	
Nov 12 2008	I Love The Sound Of Construction In The Morning!!!	I LOVE punishment it seems.I knew there was construction going on, but I just didn't think it would be THIS BAD. At around 5:30am, the AIR HORNS go off...yes, I said AIR HORNS. I don't know whose job it is to simply blow an air horn every 10 minutes, but its seems that if I wasn't up until 2 am, that it would be a fun job, and certainly the person in charge of air horn blowing at the massive construction site next to the pool does enjoy his job...thoroughly!Then there are the dump trucks, hammering and the coming together of steel beams. This, if done in the right order, creates an spectacular vibration throughout the hotel...did I mention this was at 5:30am? Just making sure...Oh wait, something serious must be going on...the AIR HORN MAN has now stepped it up to every 5 minutes...My view from my superior King bed room, overlooking the dorment pool (its closed and needs a serious cleaning) allows me a spectacular view of the Venetian, MGM and Paris (who's guests are still sleeping). Now add the gentle rumble of the cement mixer and some Spanish swear words drifting up with the dust clouds at the construction site and you have the cherry on top...PURE HELL! Did I mention this is at 5:45am?This hotel used to be fun, but without the pool, it is GARBAGE! Oh, and did I mention the AIR HORN???Moving to the Palms tonight...this is ridiculous!	
Nov 9 2008 	Construction noise at 5am!	My first room was dirty, which I mistakenly put up with until they started construction the next morning at 5AM!!!! And it wasnt a little bit of noise it was terribly loud construction noise for their new wing.I complained to the front desk which was unable to help. I had to call again and get to the manager who sent me to another room. Which appeared to be an inconvienence to them. They made it seem like i was overreacting. The casino was also EMPTY. So if you are looking for a fun time, go to the Palms (which was packed) or someplace else trendy.Dont waste your time or $$ here.	
Nov 2 2008 	Nice hotel	Very nice hotel. I got there on Halloween and it was very crowded. All rock fans in the area were probably there. I have read in earlier reviews that they wont allow you to bring even a bottle of water and the reason is surely because they want guests to drink the bottled water in the room that costs $4.50 each. I am not sure if the deadbolt really matters, but the one in my room did not work and there is no security clasp or even a chain. I really did not feel secure with only the card lock in operation. It is very far from the strip that it is necessary to have a car unless you intend to just stay in the vicinity of the hotel. Staff members I encountered appeared to be nice and I may stay again but has to be very careful not to even touch any of the merchandise they have in the room. You touch it, it's yours!	
Oct 19 2008 	Porno palace	We booked a room at the HRH and proceeded to check out our accomodations. The &quot;mountain view&quot; was a view of the rooftop of the casino air conditioners. The room was very plain and average. Suddenly, my husband and I noticed that we could hear very clear and loud noises coming from next door of people having sex. The loud sexual noises went on for about 15 minutes so I called the front desk and asked if we could be moved.They moved us to a top floor room overlooking the pool. My husband went up to check out the room before I went up and he walked into a live porno movie set! He said the porno actress and actor were engaed in &quot;Cirque de soleil&quot; acrobatic sex. Several fully dressed men were sitting on the bed and a camera man was capturing the event. The movie director came after my husband and was upset that he had interrupted their scene. Luckily, an HRH porter was with my husband so he had a witness. The good news is that we were upgraded to a beautiful suite. The hotel was okay but sex is the theme here. We were told that the week before, they hosted a Porno convention. So be prepared. We rented a pool cabana and had a good time.	
Sep 30 2008 	No other Vegas hotel compares for us!	Well, again I only have positive things to say about the Hard Rock. My husband and I are in our 30's, don't really drink, and don't stay up late. We STILL have an awesome time every time we come here. The primary reasons for this are: great music, friendly dealers, good comps, comfortable and chic rooms, amenities open at all hours of the day &amp; night, easy to navigate casino, the list is endless!! The construction did not bother us at all... yes you could hear beeps in the morning, but it didn't keep me from sleeping, it was very faint. We had a pool view room and it was so nice! We've only ever had a mountain view here in the past, so this was a real treat. If you sign up for their player's card, you will get offers in your email for comped or really cheap rooms, which is what we did. While there we enjoyed AJ's Steakhouse and the Foo Fighters show at the Joint. Both surpassed expectations. My only critique is that once the construction is done, this perfectly sized hotel will be twice the size, and that makes me sad :( But not sad enough, I will always stay here!	
Sep 25 2008 	A WONDERFUL LITTLE HOTEL IN VEGAS!	The Hard Rock Hotel is the only Vegas hotel we will ever stay at again! Excellent value, spotless room and wonderful location. Yes, we knew the hotel was undergoing construction but tell me what Vegas hotel is not under construction??? They ALL are!!!OK, we are in our 50s and actually I own a small upscale lodging property. So you can imagine that I looked over the hotel room very carefully. We have stayed at other much more expensive and much larger Vegas hotels -- never again!We were overnight guests at the HARD ROCK HOTEL on Sept 21, 08. Oh my -- this hotel is a breeze for parking and for checking in and out. You are not walking for miles and miles inside the hotel to come and go from your room. You can actually ENJOY the hotel -- and the staff are VERY friendly people, and even the store keepers are full of SMILES! We enjoyed the hotel located EXACTLY one mile off &quot;The Strip&quot; from The Bellagio and Caesars.Our room was on the 11th floor. The two king beds were spotlessly WHITE with not one smudge or spot whatsoever on any of the bedding including the waffle weave jacquard duvet -- and the six spotlessly WHITE pillows on each bed. And mind you, the beds were VERY comfortable . The bathroom was absolutely spotless including all grout lines around the tiles on the floor and in the tub/shower. The sink and counter were spotless. I wondered if the entire hotel has just been refurbished because everything -- though modest -- was so fresh and CLEAN!Our room was on the pool side, however the pool and the rock music blaring at the pool close down at 6 in the evening, so nothing to worry about there. We remembered to bring our drinking water with us because as with any Vegas hotel, bottled water requires you to nearly take out a mortgage on your home ($8 - $11/bottle of water).All in all -- a nice little hotel with room rates that don't keep you awake all night. We will definitely stay again. Oh, did I mention that the Hard Rock Hotel is VERY CLEAN (hahaha).P.S. Excellent room air conditioning!!!!!	
Sep 24 2008 	Awful Experience	I stayed here for my bachelor party after booking a pool room through Hotels.com. Three weeks before checking in I thought it would be a good idea to call to check that they have the right reservation. They had my room as a mountain view room which is not what I payed for. I called Hotels.com to have it fixed and it was resolved. I called back the next day and requested that I be on a lower floor anywhere from 3rd to 6th. They happily took this request and said they would make note of it. I called again several days before the vacation to verify the floor request and they said I was on the 11th floor. I requested a lower floor again and they claimed they made a note but there was not a note from before. After arriving on a Friday I received my keys for myself and my three roommates. We have the room for two days and check out is at 11am. On Saturday I stopped by the front desk to have a key fixed because it was demagnetized. They said I had the room until Monday which I immediately informed them was wrong and that I only booked the room until Sunday. They made a note of this and I went about my vacation. On Sunday after checking out at 10:51 am and paying for the room service bill which I find out was already paid for by a roommate that left earlier in the night I return home. It is Wednesday the following week and I have a charge (not a hold) on my credit card for two amounts, $358.61 and $195.11. I called the hotel several times and was passed around for several hours. I had to make a three way call with the hotel reservations on the phone to my credit card company to prove to them that they have made a charge and not a hold on my card. I have been trying for the past four hours now to get this removed and now I have my credit card company sending me a complaint form. When it arrived I have to write up what I've been trying to tell them for the last four hours. Manuel was the front desk manager that made sure to make this entire experience as difficult and unhelpful as possible. I would not recommend to anybody stay at this hotel unless they want to billed another $600 for staying there.	
Sep 14 2008 	Hotel to stay in if you like fun	After reading some of the bad reviews, though I would set things street.Reason to stayIf you youngLike to party Like rock musicLike to relax by the poolpre fair to be off the strip Don't mind walkingReason not to stayIf your wanna hotel on the stripIf you wanna quite Sunday As rehab pool party's will be on Don't like rock music.RoomsSize Average on comparison with other hotels in Vegas very cleanBathroomGood size full size bath very clean good supply of towels and toiletryBeds5 star the best nights sleep ever, didn't want to leave the bed, they provide you with a comforter on the bed. HotelNot to big compare to other major hotels in Vegas which means you don't have to walk miles to you room.Staff Seam pleasant enough and very help full. Just remember there people too.Poolone of the best pools I've ever been to and I cant swim. Has a Faux beach like effect has been used on the OC and entourage TV sets, nice cabana with mattress and safes, swim up black jack.Casino Fairly standard nothing stuck out about from the music memorabilia looking at other reviews they have slated this hotel due to circumstantial (wrong room snot answering the phone etc )events or they have done the research on the location and are blaming it on the hotel. Out of the 3 hotels I stayed in this year (including hooters and the Bellagio ) in Vegas this was by far the best .If you go here with and open mind and positive attitude I guarantee you will have a great experience.And dont forget to tip	
Sep 12 2008 	ALways fun at the Hard Rock	I always have fun at the Hard Rock, but then again I have my own agendas. This is not a family destination or a romantic getaway spot. After reading all the bad reviews I have to put in my two cents. I visit vegas 4 times a year for fun or business, stayed all over the place and have settled nicely into the Hard Rock, if you can book early in the week (mon-thurs) its a bargain most of the time, most important... tip the front desk and the bartenders and you will have a great time. You do not need to be a high roller to have fun! The pool is fantastic for people watching or meeting new friends. The last time I was there in June I got upgraded to a plush suite, the bed looked and felt like a cloud floating in the middle of the room. Since the hotel is under renovation I would have to agree with the others that if you are light sleeper the noise could wake and annoy you but this also might be because you stayed out too late.	
Sep 2 2008 	Avoid the Hard Rock they will ruin your vacation	This place ruined my Vegas vacation. I learned that they have changed ownership. They used to make each customer feel important, so I wouldn't mind spending a little more. Customer service has disapeared from their vocabulary. They first make you sign something which they don't provide you a copy of. They will stick you in a room with two queens when you've booked a room with a king and try to make you stay there till the next day and then have to move everything. Their services are overpriced compared to industry standards. Their phone system is outdated so it's hard to reach the bell desk, and they will make a mistake and make you wait around your room for a few hours and never offer any kind of apology. Trust me, avoid this place at all costs, try some place where they care about the customer.	
Aug 28 2008 	Like It Loud!!	First of all, it's not like any other casino in Vegas. Yes it is a short 6 blocks from the strip. But the pool is fantastic even if i was 10 years older than the closest guest in age. i had a blast. The construction was a little loud. I easily rolled back over. I gambled at night and loved the dancers and the loud rock-n-roll. the poker room was not open yet but will be for my next trip. The room was great and the most comfortable bed I ever slept in that was not my own.Hotel cleaning staf was great when i asked for extra towels and to come back later to clean. Front desk was having a bad day I guess. I did not feel the love. dealers were friendly and willing to chat even though it was slow mid week.My biggest complaint was the cocktail service on the grave shift. Terrible. I watch one girl walk up and down the bar and never come over to me. This was at least an hour, maybe longer. I finally got a hold of a security guard to get me a drink. They were even peeved that the girl did not come over. When a cocktail waitress did, she said i was not in her section but would get me a drink after i told her the girl never came over.The casino is round. The girl never walked the circle. If you play after midnight order your drinks in two's.Other than the one cocktail issue, I loved the place.	
Aug 27 2008 	Rocks as usual!!!	Best place during the summer. Great food, great pool scene, fun gambling and the clubs are off the hook!!!Always travel to Vegas with buddies each summer, always stay here.	
Aug 12 2008	Hopelessly outdated	First of all - the hotel is quite a distance from The Strip. It does not look glamorous and the drive in is rather unimpressive.There is no lobby per se - rather the playing floor with all the shops, cashier desk, registration desk etc. scattered around it. Music is very loud on the playing floor! 90-ies rock is played.There are long queues at the registration desk.The interior of the hotel is rock and roll stylized with quotes from songs written at random places.Rooms are old and tired. Bathrooms are a disaster.Standard rooms have a view on the backroad and construction sites. Pool rooms have better views, but the music from Rehab (the pool club type of thing) is extremely loud by the day time.The entire hotel is designed in the way to make you gamble, since there isn't much else to do there.Unless there are couple of rock'n roll buddies, who came to Vegas for a bit gambling, I wouldn't imagine why anybody would stay in this hotel. Basically we checked out the next day and moved to Wynn	
Aug 9 2008 	Early morning LOUD construction 5:30AM !	Do NOT stay here if you need sleep.They are adding a new wing right next to the current wing and begin construction every morning at 5:30AM sharp! Several loud backhoes and trucks driving around, beeping as they back up, slamming metal, ... you get the picture. It is impossible to sleep after 5:30 AM, and there are no rooms that are immune to the problem.Otherwise it is a fine hotel - but just use it to hold your clothes and shower. You will not get sleep due to the noise.	
Aug 8 2008 	5:00 AM Wake up calls are free	First the HardRock is going through major renovations. I was there on August 5th - 6th and was awaken by major construction (we're talking Jack hammers and welding folks) at 5:00 AM both days. Unbelieveable. The group I was traveling with all were awakened and we all looked tired in our meetings. The Hotel is a little run down so it needs the renovations. The casino itself is very small - you can walk through it in less than 2 minutes. Also - the location of the Hotel is off the beaten path - in fact walking around outside the area is a little off putting if not scary. I would stay in a hotel that is in the heart of the strip next time.	
Jul 30 2008 	Don't recommend it highly	A couple of problems at the Hard Rock. First, they are doing construction, so I asked for a room not affected by that. I received a poolside room. However, the night I arrived, there was a concert at the pool and I heard the whole thing in my room. If you want to go to sleep early on pool concert nights, forget it.Secondly, the hotel is surpisingly strict. You cannot re-enter the hotel from the pool with no shirt. I found this a strange rule for when you come from a pool. Also, they make a big deal about wearing wristbands at all times at the pool. They will not accept you just showing a room card. Other Vegas hotels don't have this rule. Also, the wristbands are very difficult to get off! I had to break it to remove it. Thr sports book is very small. And the TVs in the rooms are for some reason very difficult to use. Finding the right channel was a challenge. Finally, housekeeping walked into my room and announced as such after entering. The good news is the hotel is incredibly close to the airport. You can be there in 10 minutes easily. The nightclub, Body English, is posh.	
Jul 10 2008 	I'll wait until 2009 before I try again	Went with co-workers to the Hard Rock on Monday July 7th for a one night stay. I will think twice before I stay here again. This was my third time staying here and I am amazed at how run down it is looking. I was on the 9th floor and couldn't believe how dirty the carpet in the hallway was. When I got to my room the carpet was filthy and very worn. The doors that opened out to the pool would not shut properly and when the wind blew hard enough it would blow the doors open. This would not be a big deal if the air conditioner worked well. My room was hot through the night and didn't cool off until the morning. Worst bed I have ever slept on. If I had been staying more than one night this would have been an issue. On a positive note the bathroom was very clean. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone while the construction is going on. I was awakened at 3am to the clanging sound of steel. It is ridiculous that they are allowed to do construction all night long.I found the staff to be very friendly. At check-in they changed my room from a mountain view to a pool view without me asking. I checked in at 11am, headed out to the pool and my room was ready by 12:30pm. All dealers I spoke with were very nice. We ate at the Pink Taco and it was enjoyable. Some of my friends ate at the 24hr cafe after midnight and said the portions were huge and the food very good.I called two weeks ahead to reserve a pool Cabana. I was told I would be called back in a couple of hours. After not hearing from them for a week I had to initiate the call back. I was willing to accept this since the week of the 4th of July was coming up and I am sure they were swamped with phone calls. The Cabana was the way to go. Due to the construction the North pool did not open util 12:30. When it did open our Cabana was right next to the pool in a perfect spot. No extra tipping needed for this location (though that was implied when I made the reservation). The cost of the Cabana was a $500.00 food and drink fee (gratuity not included). Simply stated: we paid $500.00 and as we drank and ate it was deducted from that. I was with seven other guys and we went over the balance by $5.00 without needing to be concerned with how much we ate or drank. The cabana had two couches, plenty of towels, a television, a safe and a refrigerator. All in our group agreed it was a good thing to have.I would wait until after the construction is done before I stay here again. I was in Las Vegas two weeks before this trip and stayed at the Monte Carlo. Right next door to that hotel is a huge construction project (largest in vegas history I think) and they stopped at night. I'm hoping that after the new rooms are built at the Hard Rock they will give the original rooms some attention.	
Jul 3 2008 	Do yourself a favor- stay somewhere else...	I spend about 6 weeks per year in Las Vegas for business. I've stayed at many different hotels from Hampton inn to Mirage to Bally's to the Palms. During past trips, I've visited the Hard Rock, and I've always wanted to stay there. So when the opportunity arose, I jumped on it. My 60-year old mother decided to make the trip with me, and we were both excited to stay there.I can't tell you how disappointed I've been with my experience with the Hard Rock Hotel. It began immediately upon entering. The front desk staff were incredibly cold, rude in fact. The clerk seemed annoyed to have to answer my one question (What room rate am I signing for?). They did not have our room ready when we arrived, thus, someone had to call me to inform me when the room was ready. This guy was incredibly snotty toward me. I was floored by the way I was treated. He talked down to me to the point where I was almost in tears. We sat at the casino bar. The waiter was rude there (saying he'd only comp our drinks if we were playing dollars... I've never heard of such a policy. What was worse was that we were playing dollars).We visited the 24-7 cafe. The host finally had to come wait on us when none of the waitresses had come to help us after 20 minutes. Our food arrived cold. I had to go to the hostess stand to get my check.The day we arrived (monday) when we finally were able to access our room, the music at the pool was so loud it rattled EVERYTHING in our room. I'd gotten up very early that morning and wanted a nap after a long day of work. Sadly, it was not to be. There is construction taking place here. I was awoken at 5AM today to the sound of airhorns, which continued every minute or two until I left at 8am. Half the pool is closed off, forcing all of the drunken teenagers who stay here into one side of the pool. There were literally NO chairs during the last two days of my stay, and the pool was basically standing room only. The clientele of the hotel is another thing... PLEASE NOTE- if you are over the age of 22 and mentally older than a 12 year old, you probably won't find this place interesting. I'm a fun-loving 31 year old and I feel very, very old at this place. Last night around 230am, I was awoken by a girl screaming &quot;IM DRUNK&quot; at the top of her lungs right down the hall. I've seen way more than my fair share of people stumbling through the casino, restaurants, and common areas of the hotel. I've been bumped into by a sloshed person more times than I can count. I will N E V E R stay here again as long as I live.	
Jul 1 2008 	No I would not stay here again	We stayed at the Hard Rock for a bachelorette party trip. We reserved adjoining rooms. We get up to our rooms and they are not adjoining. The front desk said to our faces that there were. We complained, then they said well there are no more rooms even next to each other. Nice, why did they lie to our faces? We look out the window of our room guess what the hotel is expanding there is construction going on, and its loud! Then the hotel alarm goes off its being tested for about 10 minutes. Thats great. The beds were nice and the rooms and shower were big enough. Nothing fancy, just minimal. The casino is tiny, which is why they are expanding. The party at the pool on Sunday is out of control. This is a definitely a party hotel, with lots of young people with their tops off and passed out in the hall way. This hotel is loud, if we didn't get the construction we would have got he pool view which is loud all day b because they play loud music at the pool. If you wouldn't like any of this then do not stay here. If you want to be loud and party all the time, then stay here. There are nice restaurants like Nobu, and Ago here, just take a taxi from a better hotel to have dinner, do not stay here. The people who work the front desk are slow and just act like they don't really care. There are some positives as well some service was nice, but the negative really out weighs the few positives at this hotel.	
Jun 30 2008 	Not for people with self-respect.	With its horrendous service and 'taxi ride' exile away from the main Vegas strip, it's a wonder the Hard Rock hasn't already collapsed under the weight of it's own pretentiousness. It was hard to figure out which was worse: the hotel staff, who can barely see the customer down the length of their own noses, or the hotel's typical, [--] clientele, where redeeming values were traded in for another pair of booty shorts. I'm pretty sure our single room had more character in it than the rest the hotel. Like every good vacation, the Hard Rock was truly a test of patience. If I'm ever tortured for information or sent to a concentration camp, I'll always have the Hard Rock as my glimmer of hope, since I'll always know there is at least one worse place I could be. When you've experienced the Hard Rock, things can only improve from there.At first glance, the facilities appeared satisfactory, but it was hard to get a clear interpretation since everything was draped in a haze of self-importance. It was like being on another planet, where world issues like the occupation of Iraq, rising energy prices, global warming and a slumping economy don't exist. For the customers of the Hard Rock, these issues probably don't. As long as my next shot is on the way and my pants retain their pleat, who gives a crap that people are starving to death from the price of corn?I've never before experienced an entire community of people who only care about stuff that doesn't matter. Even simple positive personal traits, like manners, are nonexistent. What do you call someone who values their 'good time' over the well-being of other people? Evil. If you're evil, you'll love the Hard Rock.If you want to see what exactly is wrong with the world, visit the Hard Rock.	
Jun 28 2008 	Would not return to the Hard Rock	We stayed at the Hard Rock for four nights in June 2008. My husband and I were in Vegas for a trade show/conference for his work and the choice of hotel was not ours. A company that his does business with chose it and booked a large block of rooms. My husband and I would like to return to Vegas for a non-work related trip sometime, when we do, we will not be staying at the Hard Rock.The biggest issue while we were there was the construction. They began at exactly 6am, so no sleeping in. The vending and ice machine on our floor did not work the whole trip, we notified staff a couple times, but nothing was done. Housekeeping barged into our room once without even knocking (we had allowed a coworker to put her luggage in our room for a few hours while they got her room ready, the maid saw someone with luggage leave the room, assumed someone checked out and just walked right in). I also did not like stay off the strip. This may not be an issue for some, but we ended up making 3 trips to the strip per day in cabs @ $20 round trip. So about $60 per day in cab fare.Finally, the pool was a bit intimidating for an over 30. I'm 31 and in fairly good shape, but not quite up to the Hard Rock scene. They also would not allow me to bring a water bottle (that I purchased at the hotel) out to the pool. I cannot sit in 110 degree heat in the sun without access to water, especially when already a bit dehydrated from the night before. So I didn't really spend much time at the pool. We did not eat in any restaurants but I had room service twice for lunch and the service and food was fine.	
Jun 17 2008 	Fun for about 10 minutes	Prior to my arrival, I was excited to stay at the Hard Rock. That feeling of excitement turned to frustration as soon as I walked through the doors. Front desk staff was surly at best. I found the room to be a bit small by Vegas standards. The decor in the room, casino, and common areas is tired and outdated. Basically its the same exact things you'd find at the Hard Rock Cafe in NYC. The pool is cool looking, but the drunks just kill it. This place is filled with young 20 somethings that dont understand that people dont go to Vegas for a frat party. Beer cans floating in the pool, belligerent drunken guys and sloppy drunken girls rule at this pool scene. Ate at AJ's Steakhouse one night, found it to be quite average as compared to some of the other steakhouses in Vegas. The food at Lucky's is decent for a 24 hour joint, ate there most meals actually. All in all, the Hard Rock is a cool concept, poorly executed. They need to market this place to a more suitable Vegas crowd ie: young professionals as opposed to college kids.	
Jun 13 2008 	Not Cool not even close!	I had stayed at the Hard Rock when it first opened many years ago, and found everything to be just peachy. Although I was way too young to gamble at the time, I still had a blast. Fast forward a few years and man, things have changed! At check in on Sunday night I explained to the clerk that I was in town for seminars and all I was interested in was a quiet room, away from the party activites and that I couldn't care less about a view. I get to the room and on both sides of my room there are at least half a dozen kids drinking, smoking etc. on the balconies with the music booming. So I call down to the desk and ask the clerk if he's trying to be funny... 'cause I'm not laughing. Those kids are just trying to have a good time - and good for them. I on the other hand belong someplace else. So the clerk offers me another room and I of course take it. The second room is off in the corner, which fine with me. The problem was that there were no pillows, linnens, and most of the furniture (lamps, charis etc.) was missing. So again, I call down to the desk and complain. I am again offered another room, so again I move. The third room has furniture and linnens, no view, but is quiet. I am happy. That is until I go into the bathroom to find the sink is filled with what appears to be puke... no matter what is was, it was discusting! Again, I call down to the desk... But now I'm just frustrated. I tell the clerk to just send someone up to clean it, in the meantime I need to go back to the second room to retreive a jacket I left behind in the move. I end up spending another 45 min waiting for security to esscort me to the seond room, where I left my jacket. Guess what - no jacket. And it was a super cool jacket! I go back to my room (the third room) grab my swimsuit and head down to the spa. All I want at this point is to chill out and luckily the spa was open till 10pm. By Las Vegas standards the spa is pathetic. Your local 24hour fitness offers more amenities. And i can't for the life of me figure out what the draw is for the pool. It looks just like the pool at Hooters. With pool complexes like Red Rock, Flamingo, Mandalay Bay, and even the Golden Nugget in town, I can't fathom paying up a cover charge for what amounts to really nothing special. I get back to my room at about 9:30pm and the maintence guy is still working away. So I decided to head down to the lobby for something eat. The Pink Taco is nothing more than an overpriced Taco Bell. Seriously. So back up to my room I go... The maintenece guy is just leaving. He's very nice and appologetic . I order some ice cream from room service and call it a night. Although it takes an hour, it's cold, solid and sweet. The next morning I had a long conversation with the manager who did end up comping the entire stay and even offered a second a complementary stay for a later date. But I checked out that morning and made it clear that I wouldn't stay at the Hard Rock again, even if he paid me. (I moved to THEhotel where things ran smoothly)I spend almost a month every year in Vegas hotels. Most hotels with a three star or higher ranking are just fine, especailly for a twentysomething. But not the Hard Rock. The bottom line is this - the Hard Rock attracts kids who are desperately trying to be cooler than they could ever hope to be. There is nothing &quot;edgy&quot; about this place at all. Even the memorabilia is dated... who caes about Axcel Rose and the Bare Naked Ladies anymore?!? The casino is tiny. The rooms are okay, but nothing special when compared with similar hotels. The desk staff and security are rude at best. The place is all about hype, not substance. And since it is now under construction, I suggest you do yourself a favor and stay someplace else. However, The Joint is in fact an okay music venue. Sadly, one of the best in town for relevant acts.	
Jun 12 2008 	30 is over the hill ....I guess	Outside of some construction and over bearing (young) partiers the Hard Rock was a comfortable stay. The view of the pool and other hotels was breathtaking in the evening. The service was excellent. Rooms were clean. The food was excellent through room service, but the hotel was lacking a nice restaurant. This hotel does cater to a younger crowd although what should you expect from the Hard Rock. If you are going to party...Go to the Hard Rock.	
Jun 12 2008 	Hard Rock (LV) Dirty	We stayed at the Hard Rock as this was a 21st birthday and the b/day girl chose this hotel. We were 2 moms with two daughters (age 21 &amp; 24) This hotel is strictly geared toward young people. The loud music, people screaming in the hallways, people passed out in the hallways to name a few. I have also stayed at the Hard Rock, San Diego which I found to be delightful. Still geared toward he younger set but very sophisticated.My issues start with trying to rent a cabana at the pool - I called the number on the web-site and my name and telphone number were taken and I was told that someone would call me back. They finally called 1 day before my departure. We wanted to change the cabana rental the day we arrived but could not get ahold of the rental person. The concierge called for us and left a detailed message of what we wanted but we were never contacted again about the pool/rental.The day after arrival I was tidying up the bedcovers and to my horror noticed that the underside of the duvet cover was crusted with dried semen. Nice huh! I called housekeeping and they sent up a supervisor. She came up to the room and apologized and assured me that all the sheets and duvet would be changed.This was done - the duvet appeared to be newly laundered but this time it had 2 lovely cigarette burns on it. My question to housekeeping was - why are all the bed linens not changed after guests leave? I never got an answer except for it should have been done.Most of the hotel staff we came in contact with were very pleasant but not accomodating. It seemed that whatever we asked the answer was no, but with a smile. I did want to leave a complaint with the Guest Service Manager but they had no more forms left to fill out so I was given his business card with email addy. I sent him an email regading the duvet etc., but never got a reply. It really annoys me when managers do not have the courtesy to respond. This IS NOT a budget hotel where one might expect uncleanliness. I guess they know that they'll still get the business from the younger set and could give a hoot about anyone that has a complaint.It was a very disappointing experience and I will not stay at this hotel again.	
May 31 2008 	Good times..Hard Rock is the place 2 B.. (NYC NY)	Three of my girlfriends and myself stayed at the hardrock during Memorial Day weekend.. If you want to party and your late 20's/30's this is the place to be.. We had a sick time at Rehab on Sunday..but be aware you have to stand in line at 7am for admission to the pool.. and if you don't stay at the hardrock you have to stand in a public line (so uncool).. The overall scene is a great and everybody is out to have a good time.. Only complaint is that we booked a room with 2 queen beds and got a room with a king and a cot (They comped us a night)?!? but whatever.. it's memorial day weekend in Vegas.. who sleeps anyway??	
May 17 2008 	Too old for the Hard Rock	Three friends and I traveled to Las Vegas to see Duran Duran perform 2 nights at the Hard Rock Hotel May 9 and 10th. We were very disappointed in the hotel. Here are the reasons:The construction started at 6am and was very loud. We couldn't be moved to another room. However the hotel did comp us for the 1st night. It was the cheapest night of our stay. Nice gesture, but hardly worth it.Thankfully our room was a mountain veiw because the pool side would have been horrible with the music playing all day long. One of our friends had a poolside room and you couldn't get comfortable in your room because of the noise. The music started at 9am on Sunday morning and progressively got louder and louder. We like music, but there comes a point when it is too much. Closing the balcony door did even come close to drowning out the noise.The hotel is great for the newly 21 and not great for anyone over the age of 25. Kids who can't hold their liquor were all over the place and you had to step over them and dodge the crazy arms. But if you want cheap gambling, then this is the place. $5, $10 tables all over the place and there are even penny megabuck slots.The ventilation in this hotel is horrible and you smell like an ashtray 5 miuntes after walking into the hotel.I bascially felt dirty in this place and will never stay there again. Nothing about the hotel was good. It is turning into a run down facility that caters to the kids with little money.	
May 11 2008 	Good times at the Hard Rock!!!	Stayed at the Hard Rock for 4 nights back in March 2008. My girlfriend and I had a blast!!! The pool is probably the best highlight of the hotel. Great scene for chilling out and throwing some cocktails back. Not a place for kids, if you have kids go elsewhere. I found the room we had to be pretty neat. Big comfy beds, tons of pillows, a flat screen plasma TV and a great high powered shower.We had a few late night eats at Mr. Lucky's which has some great food and killer milkshakes!!! A few drawback is the renovation currently in place. We actually had a room that pointed out towards the construction site, but I didn't hear too much noise like other reviewers. One day I was walking by the starbucks down stairs and a big chunk of roof fell on the floor. A few minutes later I saw one of the manager's on his walkie talkie cursing someone out about it. So the new renovation could cause some inconveniences. Played blackjack one night and I found the dealer to be extremely rude. With the exception of the renovation and blackjack dealer, I really liked the Hard Rock. Will stay again, but will wait until after the renovation is complete.	
May 2 2008 	Cool place rough crowd	First off: I wouldn't ever take children to this hotel/casino. The price was right, the music, rock memorabilia and Italain restaurant were good and it was a smaller hotel so it was easy to navigate. BUt the pool was half closed and litter was everywhere around it, and the construction noise really did start very early, like other reviews stated. Biggest issue we had was the really rough-acting young crowd- the atmoshpere at the pool was actually intimidating and the numbers of screaming drunken young people were staggering. Literally staggering- as in nearly falling down, unable to operate elevators, cursing out restaurant staff and being kicked out- the crowd was the real downfall of this hotel/casino. We stayed one night instead of three - we moved to the Flamingo for the last two nights- and had an excellent stay!	
May 1 2008 	Stay away from the Las Vegas Hard Rock Hotel until mid-2009	Stay away from the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas until mid-2009.A $750M renovation began in 2007 immediately adjacent to the existing Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas which will more than double the size of the property and will not be complete until mid-2009. My four night stay in April to May 2008 was accompanied by continuous 24-hour-a-day construction vehicle backup alarms. During one sleepless night from the ubiquitous beeping, I called hotel security and asked someone named John if there wasn’t some sort of a city ordinance or construction noise abatement law that would preclude construction noise after normal business hours. John didn’t know (or care?) and told me he would have a supervisor call right away - never happened. So I called the Las Vegas police department and was told that there are construction noise abatement laws but that the general contractor for the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino renovation had applied for and received a permit for after-hours construction and that there was nothing the police could do.Bottom line - the owners of the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas are willing to allow 24-hour-a-day construction immediately adjacent to their existing property, have engaged a general contractor with enough the influence with the city of Las Vegas to circumvent construction noise abatement laws, and are currently content to have their guests greatly inconvenienced in the process.Unless and until a credible post from a member of the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino management complete with contact name and information appears in this forum stating that this after-hours problem has been dealt with and resolved, I strongly recommend that no one stay overnight at this hotel until the renovation is finished in mid-2009.	
Apr 18 2008 	Fun Hotel for Nightlife!!	This is a really fun Vegs hotel. It has a great nightlife. It has a good night club and restaurant. The hotel was modern and clean. The bar is in the center of the casino which is nice to hang out in. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great Casino Great Pool OK rooms	My husband and I have been to Las Vegas several times. We always ended up spending a lot of time at the Hard Rock gambling because the music, center bar, Lucky's 24/7 restaurant, and Pink Taco restaurant are awesome! This time, we decided to stay there. I wish I could pair a The Hotel at Mandalay Bay room with the Hard Rock pool and casino and you would have a perfect hotel!PROS: The casino is the best in Las Vegas. It is not huge, the bar is great, and the dealers are friendly. The music is awesome! The pool is fantastic, on Sundays they have a party and are currently filming a reality show called Rehab there. Swimup blackjack and a lazy river in the pool complex. There is a nice big flatscreen TV in the rooms and the bed is comfortable. Room service is timely and the servings are generous. Pool room views have a view of the pool complex and the strip. Restaurants are great, Body English cool too.CONS: I did experience problems at check-in, I arrived before my husband and they would not let me in the room, b/c the room had been reserved in my husband's name (even though I had the credit card and all the info). I had to wait 6 hours for my husband's flight to arrive and mgmt did not offer me anything for my inconvenienceLots of construction now, but there appears to be construction everywhere in Vegas. Bathrooms are nothing special, just like you would find at a Hampton Inn. Our bathroom (RM 906) had a slow drain in the bathtub that was never fixed despite informing the housekeeper. Request extra pillows as the feather pillows do flatten quickly. You are near the airport, so be ready to hear some airplanes taking off and landing.We will probably stay here again, but request a room with a bigger bathroom.	
Apr 15 2008	Great crowd but warning jack hammers starts at 8:00 a.m.	I stayed April 6-8, 2008. Beautiful younger crowd, great resteraunts, nice rooms but I would not stay again until the construction is over. We chose this hotel for the pool and were dissapointed because we were not notified the pool was under construction and only partially open. Beds were comfortable but the jack hammers started at 8:00 a.m. and were ridiculously loud. The construction crew messed up the cable so we could not watch the beautiful flat screen TV in our room. Spa would have been nice had there not been a male technian changing the locks in the ladies locker room. Staff was not empathetic or apologetic. It would have been nice to have been warned about the guy in the ladies locker room before they took my money. I received no warning or apology about anything. My advise is before you stay here check to make sure there is no construction. If friendly staff and great service is the most important thing - go elsewhere. If you want to mix with a young beautiful crowd &amp; hear great music this may be your spot.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great stay!!	Pros: Price was very good! Food at Pink taco was great and large portions. Food at the 24/7 was comparable to a good Nj diner and prices were reasonable. Hotel room was very nice and the bed is the most comfortable ever! The POOL is AWESOME!!! The spot to be! Body English on Sunday night was the best club in Vegas! Cons: $7 for a bottle of water. And if you buy the hard rock water in the gift shop, you can't bring it by the pool which makes no sense. Go to the CVS nearby and pick up a few bottles. Food by the pool was outrageously priced. Eat inside. Aboout a $10 cab ride from the strip. Renovation/construction leaves a not so nice mountainside view, but should be nice when complete.	
Apr 3 2008 	Not as I Remembered It...	Stayed at the Hard Rock a few weeks ago. We did get a great rate ($99), which made the room semi-tolerable. Pros: Nice view of pool (but tons of construction going on), Atmosphere in the bar/casino area is cool, Body English nightclub was awesome, good-sized flat screen TV in roomCons: Bed frame was broken on one of the beds, causing it to tilt to one side; Mirror in bathroom was broken.All in all, this place in need of renovations. The rooms are definitely starting to show their age. The only thing that differentiates the Hard Rock and a Motel 6 is the TV. All aspects of the actual room are far below average. My advice would be to stay elsewhere and visit the Hard Rock for drinks at the center bar.	
Mar 23 2008 	What is with all the Hookers?	Stayed there for three nites and was really appalled at the number of hookers. They are very forward with their approach to the hotel guests. The circle bar in the center of the casino was almost all hookers after midnight. The pool was under serious renovation and only half open. The other side of the hotel had a ton of heavy construction going on which was bothersome in the room. I was able to get my room changed fortunately. The rooms are showing their age especially the carpets. The pool area that was open was fun for a while and full of mostly 20 somethings. As the day went on the pool crowd went from fun to drunk and obnoxious. I think next time I will try another hotel. Seeing all the hookers really was a little depressing and I am a single guy!	
Mar 20 2008 	Hard Rock ROCKED!!!	My fiancee and I stayed at the Hard Rock for two nights. Sunday March 16th and Monday March 17th. We went to view some things for our wedding out there in June.Since we went Sunday &amp; Monday the room rate was onle ninety-nine a night. We checked in around 4:30 p.m. and after a rude customer interupted our check in, we got upgraded to a suite. The front desk was extremely polite and it took us less than 10 minutes to get checked in.The room was awesome!! We had a living area with a bar and both rooms had french doors, instead of windows, that opened up with a great view of the pool and a decent one of the hotels on the strip.We ate at the Hard Rock Cafe the first night. However I didn't care for their cajun chicken pasta that I ordered. I sent it back because all it tasted like was bell peppers. We also ate at the 24hour cafe they have called &quot;Mr Lucky's&quot; . Food was great, service was fast and the prices were reasonable.The atmosphere in the casino was right on. I love the fact that they have the music playing 24/7. It gives the place a good vibe.There was construction going on during our stay and our room was at the end right next to where it was going on. I did get woken up once but that was it. Other than that it wasn't a big deal.Parking wasn't too bad, since the construction is going on the driveway from the main entrance to the parking structure is inaccessible. You just have to enter on Paradise instead of Harmon which is no big deal. Any complaints about that and your just an impossible person who needs to get a life.All in all our trip was great and we'll defintely stay at The Hard Rock again.	
Mar 15 2008 	Where did all the cool beautiful people go?	I have been a devoted fan of the HRH for more than ten years, but have only stayed there once in the past five years since I had a baby. In its glory day (and even the last time I was there), the HRH was a destination for young and attractive gamblers and partyers. Not anymore! The scene was filled with low end tourists wearing flip flops and clothing not fit to be seen outside the house. Plus the ventilation system was not doing its job of getting rid of the cigarette smoke which permeated the casino. Our room had not changed since ten years ago. The carpet had multiple stains, and, remarkably, the pillow cases (nice quality) had little holes in them! We were appalled. One ring on the shower curtain hung off its hook when we arrived, and remained that way after housekeeping came through a second time. I had to fix it myself. The good news is that all these rooms will be renovated by 2010 and they should be pretty impressive, but the bad news is that it's not a good place to stay until then. I can't believe I'm saying this but I hope the prices go up to keep the rif raf out. The restaurants (Nobu, Pink Taco, and Mr. Lucky's) were still excellent and a great value. Also, the gambling there was still fun, and $5 blackjack tables could still be found on a Sat. morning. At night, the minimum bet is $10.	
Mar 7 2008 	Rock 	The Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino is located about a ½ mile or so from the Strip on Paradise Road &amp; Harmon Avenue. We stayed here on business due to the low price ($69 per night) as compared to similar resorts on the strip. Note: there is a lot of construction going on at the outside of the property and it is difficult to come and go by car. Also, the banging starts pretty early (7am). As you can imagine, the entire property is rock &amp; roll based. As you come in through the main entrance, there is a walkway that surrounds the center casino. To the left is the registration; small with only a few check-in stations but this place is about 20% of the size of the larger strip resorts so there was very little wait. The rooms follow the rock &amp; roll theme with classic rock star pictures on the wall. There is an HD TV in the wall, a refrigerator, a small desk, a chaise style lounge chair and a Bose radio. The bed was comfortable and everything was clean. The bathroom was a bit small and felt cramped. Our first room had a non-functioning TV and maintenance was there right away and got us a new room when they could not fix it. Both rooms were facing Paradise Road and the noise from the construction was audible. If you can, get a room on the pool side until the construction is complete.There is a sharp contrast to the restaurants: 2 are casual (Pink Taco – cool atmosphere, so-so Mexican food; Mr. Lucky’s 24/7 – excellent breakfast) to 3 really expensive trendy places (Nobu, Ago &amp; AJ’s were too pricey for us). The club was closed during the week and there was only one non-restaurant bar in the casino. The casino is definitely one of the more fun places to gamble with the rock music blasting. The dealers are great and the bartenders were the best with the comps while playing at the bar. As a matter of fact, all the service personnel were top notch.The pool was closed in early March but looks like a fun place to hang out. This does not rival the larger, strip resorts like Mandalay or Venetian in terms of entertainment and posh, but if you are looking for an inexpensive, fun atmosphere, this is a cool place to stay. Deserves about 3 1/2 stars but needs to get through the construction.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great spot to spend in your 20's	As I am in my late 20's I loved this hotel. The casino is embrassed in an all &quot;rock and roll&quot; theme. Real outfits and instruments from old bands and singers are on display in glass cases. Anywhere from the Rolling Stones to the Doors, Jackson, anything can be found here! The casino gave back what I put into it. The pool is the most impressive pool ever. Discovery channel was there doing a documentary on the Top 10 Pools in the World. This will be one of them! Besides that, the beds are the most comfortable I've EVER slept in, rooms and bathrooms are really clean. The Starbucks is pricey, but an awesome amenity to wake up to. Keep a bottle of water next to your bed as the air is very dry at night. It is a bit far fro mthe strip, but the shuttle helped me keep sanity and commute easily to and from the strip. I definetly recommend it for young couples.	
Feb 21 2008	Not Worth the $$$$	This is probably my 10th stay at HRC. I don't know why I keep going back . Maybe because it is a smaller hotel and it only has 11 floors. The patio doors open so it's not so confining. Also, the casino is nice with friendly dealers/ wait staff and great music. The bell staff is great - Mark, etc. Mr. Luckys is good with friendly staff and good food. Other than that, the front desk staff is useless. They charged my credit card twice for the deposit and then told me that I booked 2 rooms. And, I didn't give the 72 hours cancellation notice. I think I finally will get credit with help from a travel agent. The rooms need work. They are very basic and getting old. When we checked in, they didn't have any king size beds available so they gave us a suite. They told us we would have to move the next day. (Very convenient). You think since they screwed up they would eat the cost difference! The suite was nice but definitely not worth money. The toilet didn't even work. So, I was actually glad to change rooms. The players card comps are a joke. I think my husband and I have spent a lot of money gambling there in the past 5 years and still only get a free breakfast!! The cost of the rooms is ridiculous. We could stay at the best suite at Venetian for the same price. They are adding on and it will probably be a very large hotel when they are finished. Maybe that's when I will stop going there!	
Jan 25 2008	didn't honor a "guaranteed room" for superbowl weekend	We booked a large suite at least a month or two ago and was told we could fit up to 26 people in it while they were trying to sell it to us, my husband planned a superbowl get together with an important client and employees, a week before they called and said there was a computer &quot;gliche&quot; they offered us a meeting room with cafeteria chairs as a substitution which is ridiculous, I believe some who's who wanted the large suite for the superbowl and we got bumped, mind you this room was guaranateed. They had terrible customer service and were not able to resolve this fairly so we at the last minute have to go somewhere else, we were spending thousands of dollars with bumping up the tv size as well imagine how bad they could treat someone spending only a hundred or two.	
Jan 25 2008 	Hard Rock Faces Tough Competition	As someone who travels to Las Vegas about six times a year on business, I am well-acquainted with many of the higher end hotels in the city. The Hotel at Mandalay Bay used to be a favorite before the Wynn opened up, and next month I'll be staying at the brand new Palazzo at the Venetian.In January of 2008, however, I found myself on a personal trip to meet my family. Not wanting to break the bank on &quot;my dime,&quot; I chose the Hard Rock. Five years ago, this was THE place to stay if you were visiting LV on a business trip and were between the ages of 21 and 35. The rooms were decent, but the restaurants and pool scene were great. The casino was small and kind of cozy--a rarity for Las Vegas.Well times have changed a lot over the past five years in Las Vegas, but the Hard Rock has stayed about the same. And it is finding itself facing stiff competition. The new tower that is under construction will probably be terrific, but in the meantime, here's some things to know.The room is okay. Some adjustments have been made, including a nice big flat-screen TV, but the newer hotels are so much nicer. Despite a carpet that needed to be cleaned or replaced, the room was clean and serviced well. The bedding was very comfortable. The bathroom was small but clean. There's no turn-down service here as there is in the nicer hotels, nor is there delivery of a morning newspaper. Mini-bar seemed nicely stocked, and the bathroom amenities were okay. Internet is $12.99/day.I didn't use the gym or spa this trip, but as I recall both are acceptable. I've actually had decent massages at the spa in the past. What's not acceptable is the $20 a day you're charged to run on a treadmill for a half hour. While that's not unusual for Vegas, you don't get access to a grand spa like the one at Madalay Bay. The spa here is small.Restaurants are great at the Hard Rock--from Starbucks and Mr. Lucky's (upscale diner) to Nobu (famous sushi) and Pink Taco (Mexican). I've never been to AJ's Steakhouse, but have heard good things. A new Italian restaurant has opened where Simon used to be.The casino is small, but has a fun vibe. If you're a serious gambler, there may not be enough options for you. I actually prefer to play blackjack there. I like the intimacy of the room.Here's my gripe. All guests are charged a daily $7.00 (plus tax) &quot;resort fee.&quot; This is not disclosed to you when a reservation is made. You are made aware of this charge at check-in. What this includes is criminal: free local phone calls and a shuttle to take you to the Strip. How ridiculous. In this age of cell phones, no one needs to use a hotel room phone, and you expect a hotel that is off of the famous Las Vegas Strip to provide transportation to it. It does not include access to the fitness center or free wireless. The charge is nothing but an attempt to nickel and dime guests. Why not simply quote a rate that is $7.00 higher? I threw a fit upon check-out and had the charges removed, but HRH should lose this deceptive charge from its business model.In short, you could do a lot worse than to stay at the Hard Rock. But you can also stay at hotels that are a lot nicer and are beginning to understand the value of good service and repeat business. Don't let the location dissuade you from staying at HRH. If you can get a decent rate and don't expect a lot of luxury, you probably won't be too disappointed.	
Jan 21 2008 	good place to party	I've stayed at the Hard Rock a bunch of times since college and have always had a good time. It's a few blocks off the strip and has a pretty young crowd. My wife and I stayed here because we decided to meet up with some family at the last minute and their hotel was booked and the Hard Rock had some pretty good rates over the weekend.The room has added a 42 inch plasma tv but for the most part it's pretty much the same hotel it's been for the past decade, with the multiple stains on the carpet as evidence. It's a party hotel and it's obvious that people treat it as such. I had some trouble sleeping because every few minutes this weird banging sound reverberated from the walls like someone was banging on the ceiling. Turns out the toilets have the strongest and loudest flushes on the planet because it sounded like we could hear every flush in the entire hotel. Strange phenomenon indeed. Also, the shower kept going off for no reason. Doesn't seem like the hotel is kept up very well. The bed was comfortable and we had a nice strip/pool view from the top floor. The pool is drained for the winter but for some reason we were still charged the $7/night resort fee. Luckily we got a great rate and it didn't matter all that much. But it still felt kinda odd.I'm trying not to slam the hotel all that much because it was always my favorite hotel but it seems like it's seen better days. Maybe I've grown up a bit and want more from a hotel. This kind of place is great if you're going with a bunch of guys/girls and want a great party hotel but maybe it's not the type of place I'll be going to in the future with my wife. We still had a good time but overall it could've been, and has been, a lot better.	
Jan 3 2008 	It was simply Okay...	My Husband and I stayed here for the New Year's weekend and while we had a nice time, I would not stay here again- It's over rated to say the least. They put a hold on my credit card of 150.00 a night just in case, so I wasn't so happy about that. We were told that the mini bar had a censor on it and if anything were moved we would be charged for it so I didn't even bother opening up the cabinet in which it was held (just in case) The bathroom was small, shower was TERRIBLE no water pressure at all, and the carpet was in hard shape. Upon arrival to our room I found a dirty Q tip beside the sink so it made me question the cleanliness of the entire room. Our TV would change channels on it's own. However the bed was SOOOO comfortable- the nicest bed I've encountered in all my hotel stays. That made up for the bad parts. I found the casino small compared to others, and the Pink Taco food was over priced (which I know most things are in Vegas) but the food wasn't really that good.It was a cool atmospehre, but it's not really my style. Next time I'll stay somewhere else.	
Dec 13 2007 	Not the greatest hotel	The Hard Rock is a nice hotel, but is overrated.I loved the restaurants they have to offer, which all offer meals at decent prices, but the rooms are not as nice as I would expect from one of the higher-end type of hotels.The carpets are full of stains, however the rooms are clean and the same goes for the bathrooms. The staff is not that joyful to be around and don't seem to keen on helping out their guests.	
Dec 12 2007 	Party Hotel	I stayed here this past July for two days for my friend's bachelor party. The right hotel for this type of group of people! Amazing pool, gambling was ok, not a huge or lavish floor but nice. Didn't really eat there since we were always going to the strip and elsewhere... Cymbals made out of records for wall sconces to light the hallways not a good idea for people trying to sleep... But I didn't really plan on sleeping in Vegas. Nice hotel, wasn't too expensive, but not on the strip... It was a party hotel definitely. If thats what you're not looking for, stay somewhere else. All in all a good experience.	
Dec 11 2007	This Hotel is tired...	The Hard Rock was recently refurbished yet it has a way to go.The casino is smalllish but fine, rock music and memorabilia liven it up a bit. The room was adequate for the price-small dated bathroom though. Plasma t.v. is a nice touch and the bed was comfy with decent sheets (we hate scratchy sheets!).The location isn't the greatest and we were a bit put off by being required to sign an agreement upon check-in that if we didn't check out on-time there would be a $100 per hour charge.We understand that there must be a need for this but it just didn't seem very customer friendly.	
Dec 3 2007 	Hard Rock--pretty sweet place	We stayed at the Hard Rock hotel this past weekend and it was a really nice hotel. Everything was exceptionally clean, and the housekeeping staff did a fabulous job. The hotel atmosphere was great---quiet around the room areas and a gigantic party at night around the casino, restaurants, and club.I definitely recommend this hotel. it's not very far from the strip at all, probably about a $7 cab ride away from the strip. the casino was cool because it wasn't super crowded until later on in the evening.the only bad thing about this hotel is that i think it's made for short people! I'm about 5'4&quot; and the showerhead was just high enough for me to use, but no one taller than me! and i found the beds were a little small (my feet could almost hang off).so if you're a big guy, i would try to request maybe a king bed type room (if available). otherwise, very fun place! I'd def stay there again.	
Nov 28 2007 	4 good reasons NOT to stay here!	We usually stay at the Palms or THE Hotel in Las Vegas, but we got such a good deal on Hotels.com we decided to give the Hard Rock Hotel a try. What a mistake! Here's why:1. They charge you a $7 per night &quot;resort fee.&quot; Ok, I know, 7 bucks isn't bad, but the hotel is not a resort! It's the principal.2. You must make a $150 deposit at check-in which gets charged immediately to your card to insure against any damages. Um, I'm sorry, but last time I checked I'm just a marketing gal livin' in LA - not a roadie touring with Aerosmith.3. They lose your stuff! Yes, that's right. I left my cell phone in the room for the day - noticed that it wasn't in my bag when I got in the elevator. Didn't bother going back to the room to get it because I figured it would be safe. Was I wrong. Came back to the room later that day...the cell phone is NO WHERE to be found. Called housekeeping, front desk, security, their LINEN company!!! Nothing. I filed a report and that's it. They said there's nothing they can do. No accountability whatsoever or offer to reimburse me.4. Honestly guys, the hotel is just not that cool anymore. It's in need of some serious renovations and the design is pretty stale. If you want cool, hip/trendy, fun - stay at the new Palms Tower or THE Hotel.	
Nov 7 2007 	oh dear	my husband and i stayed here for our 7th aniversary. If you are looking to PARTY hard stay here. You will feel like you are living a movie stars life here, party night and day. If you want to be able to relaxe stay some where else. I would say if you are turning 21 and going to vages with friends stay here you wont forget it.	
Oct 26 2007 	OK stay with a filthy room	The Hard Rock was the last of the &quot;energetic&quot; Vegas properties I had not stayed at before. I've been told by friends what a great place this is...great food...great crowd...great ambience. I guess it was like seeing a blockbuster movie that all the critics raved about...you have to come away disappointed. That was my stay.The good...the ambience was very cool...the whole rock-n-roll thing? I get it. And appropriately so, it's 90% rock...with zero rap or hip-hop that I could see. Thank god.The casino was fine other than the two morons at my blackjack table who insisted on sharing their knowledge of all things with everyone else. Seeing as how they kept losing green and black chips left and right, I guess that knowledge stayed back home in Podunk.Ate at Pink Taco, decent Mexican fare...now to the room. WOW. Ever hear of steam-cleaning and carpet shampoo...or are you just content with a carpet that looks like poo. I refused to take my shoes off unless I was getting into the lumpy uneven mattress to go to sleep. The volume on the TV had a mind of its own and would go from a comfortable level to ear-blasting all of its own volition. Like all rooms, mine opened with a double-door t the outside world. That was nice. But I was on the 3rd floor on the pool side. Just about the worst possible view of the pool area you can imagine.One major positive...this property is not a massive city unto itself like some casinos have become. It was easy to get from one end to the other, out to the pool, out to the parking lot, etc.Next review? Four Seasons Las Vegas next week...	
Oct 11 2007 	Absolutely Love the Hard Rock	My husbsand and I are in our late 50's. We absolutely loved our stay at the Hard Rock and can't wait to go back. Our suite was lovely and the view of the pool was beautiful. We enjoyed the energy of the daily music at the pool. Every one of the staff members we came into contact was very friendly and accomodating. The massages at the spa are the best we have had and worth every penny. We visited a lot of the larger casinos which we enjoyed very much, but we were always happy to get back to the Hard Rock. The Pink Taco has terrific Mexican food and the service was superb. Thank you to all of you who made our vacation so special. Dell &amp; Karen Redding, California	
Sep 18 2007 	Good Times	Stayed at the Hard Rock for the first time from a Monday through Wednesday. Great time to stay here, not as crazy but still really fun. I found it nice to not be at a huge casino/hotel, it was so easy to get to the pool and not have to walk 2 miles. Room was good enough, probably could be updated a bit. We got a pool cabana for both days, loved it! Great service, misters to keep you cool, and super music all throughout the place. Nobu is always a hit, and used the really nice gym and spa as well.	
Sep 11 2007	Exceeded expectations	I stayed at the Hard Rock for one night during a CE class taken on the UNLV campus. Choose it due to proximity to campus. Was told by some I woulfd feel out of place there being &quot;40-something&quot;. Almost changed to somewhere else, but decided to go with it. Was pleasantly surprized. Rooms are large, and well appointed with wide screen TV, comfortable beds, and balconies. Despite all the activity, rooms are VERY quiet. Check in was smooth. And while much of the crowd there is quite young, there are quite a few folks around in their 40s and over. Staff was friendly and helpful. Had an early room service bfast that arrived on time and was quite tasty. Did a bit of gambling and was made to feel right at home. Overall, exceeded expectations and was pleasantly surprized. Would definetly go back.	
Sep 2 2007 	fab pool	Stayed at this hotel a couple of weeks ago - unfortunately just for one night as we had just flown into Vegas before travelling East. The room was huge with two king size beds - V. comfy. The bathroom was well lit, and had the biggest shower head I have ever seen - the size of a dinner plate!!! We stayed with our two children and they loved the pool - mostly shallow with beach areas - great fun. Although its not on the strip - its a good 20-30 minute walk, or a $10 taxi ride I would definetly stay there again.	
Aug 21 2007 	A few problems	Our room was comfortable and quiet with good water pressure for showering (ALWAYS a requirement for us). Being such a 'compact' casino you dont get lost walking around which we found good. Easy access to the airport. It is not a bad place to stay we simply had alot of problems being able to connect and then stay online. They tried to fix it but a maintenance man really isn't a computer geek !!!! We were there for a convention and friends said their connnections worked perfectly but our room was simply in some sort of 'hole' (room 1034). We ate at Nobu .. wouldn't rave about it, food was ok but not worth all the 'hype' for us. The 24 hour restaurant Mr Luckys has great salads which we enjoyed more.	
Aug 6 2007 	Did not meet expectations	After seeing this hotel showcased on TV and in movies, I was expecting a lot more than we actually got. Being off the strip, I thought our room would have a nice view of it at night. Instead, we overlooked a construction site. The pool area, which tried to create a beach atmosphere, ending up just being grimy and dirty, with too much sand in the water (not to mention empty glasses and cigarette butts). The casino was unique and fun for a night or two, but not enough to keep us from going out to the strip multiple times looking for more fun. The cab rides really added up. The room itself was just average, as was housekeeping. We would not return to the Hard Rock.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great Hotel and Casino and What a Pool	Took a short vacation and decided to go back to Vegas. Got a really good deal for the Hard Rock ($69 a night) and I booked it on Orbitz. When I checked in I found out there is a $150 a nite security deposite, $12 a day for internet, and a $7 a day resort fee. The only other issue I had with the Hard Rock was the $18 Margaritas that were not that big or even that good. The rooms are very nice and the pool is fantastic. You could walk to the strip in about ten minutes and there is a great burger place across the street called the Rainbow Bar and Grill. Overall if the price is right I would probably stay here again.	
Aug 3 2007 	Hard Rock Hotel was Great!	After reading the reviews on tripadvisor I was a little worried about my stay at the HRH, however my trip was smooth. We were able to check in a little early (2:30), and when we requested a handicap accessiable room, we recived it. The room was fantastic and the bathroom was huge. We felt very safe, with the guards making sure only hotel guests went in the elevator. The room was very quite and we never heard the airplanes, or the elevator (which we were right next to). The hotel has put safe's in the room, which came in handy when we wanted to put our laptop's in there. Paying for internet would have been a drag, but we were able to use the phone and dial-up to check our e-mail. Everything was very fast, and when we forgot the code to our safe security came up within 15 min. to open it for us.	
Jul 30 2007	Most degrading humilating treatment at any hotel ever.	I very recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas. Upon checking in, I was told by the woman at the front desk that she noticed that there was a $25 credit associated with my room, to be used for room service, mini bar, movies, she explained. Cool, I thought. The next morning I ordered a modest breakfast from room service and logged onto the internet service, which has a hook-up charge for every 24 hours of access (I would have skipped the internet, but had business to attend to online). Upon checking out the next day, I was told there was in fact no credit associated with my room and that I would have to pay for these charges. I asked to speak to the supervisor. I repeated to him I would have gone to a cafe or a diner for a cheaper breakfast had I known there was in fact no credit. He quoted an email written by the woman who checked me in the night before that I had requested the credit. I had done no such thing, except to ask for a quiet room. Why did she write the email in the 14 hours I stayed at the hotel? To cover her back? They insisted that I pay and put the charges on the credit card account I'd left with them for incidentals. I asked the manager if he thought I was lying, because I was being made to feel that way. The 40-odd dollars felt like $4000 for how emotionally expensive the experience was. Never in all my travels all over the world, from 5-star to 1-star hotels have I ever been treated so poorly. The experience was degrading, humiliating. I never want to set foot in another Hard Rock establishment again. The irony of it all is, I'm a professional rock musician. The Hard Rock Hotel needs staff that understands hospitality!	
Jul 28 2007	excellent midweek value!	We just keep going back for more! Granted my husband and I are decades older than the average guest, but this is our hands down favorite. The staff is so friendly, we love the views, location, but mostly the music. Always happy with the room. We see there are additions in the works, it will be interesting to see how they handle the construction. It won't stop us.	
Jul 12 2007	Great Vibe!	The Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas is one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas when I want to get away and relax. The pool area is one of the best in Vegas. Not only is it a great place to relax it is about the best place to people watch! The rooms are very comfortable and functional and very quiet and dark when you pull the blinds closed.There is also a great vibe in the casino. The one big draw back here is the location and how hard it is to get a cab there on the weekends.It is a great place to stay if you are there for a function at the convention center and it is also very convenient for the great restaurants in the Paradise and Flemingo area,	
Jul 6 2007 	Just what I expected for a Vegas hotel!!	It was just two young twenties girlfriends staying at the Hard Rock for my first time in Vegas and had an awesome time!! Although the casino was a bit smaller than I expected, the bar was great!! Unfortunately, for our stay there was a private party out on the pool so we were not allowed to go out. But the rooms were incredible and the circle bar was the perfect place to meet new people!!	
Jun 27 2007 	great experience	This was a great experience all around,, except losing at the casino.First off, check the hotels web site for on line specials. I got my room for $69. When I checked in I was upgraded to a suite. THe room was excellent, pool view was fantastic, pool and casino were also great. I didn't eat at any of the resturants except Starbucks so I really can't say anything about them. THe staff was really friendly and helpful. The pool bar was a lot of fun but be prepared for sticker shock!!! I drove my car to the strip and parked free at the Flamingo.  Overall I had a great time I will definately try to stay here again, especially if I can get an online special.	
Jun 20 2007 	So disappointed	My husband and I were extremely thrilled to be taking a trip to Las Vegas and as a music lover I was ecstatic to be staying at the Hard Rock. First off our room was not ready for our 3:00 check in time but they did watch our luggage so that we could enjoy the pool. While at the pool we ordered four drinks (three light beers and one vodka lemonade) the total was $38.00. Come on, I could buy two cases of beer for that. When we were finally able to get into our room I was pleased with how big it was and the cool Jimmy Hendrix pictures on the wall. We all decided to check out the Vegas Strip later that night so we took a $20.00 cab ride (no one informed us of the free shuttle!) to The Strip and when we returned we noticed that our friend's room door was open. It turns out that someone had entered their room and robbed them of all the money that was in the room. After the security finally arrived (they were very nice) we were told that they would look into the matter (the room next door was robbed as well) and it would be top priority. We never once heard back from them, we called every day that we were there to find out the status, the women was rude and told us that she had 'bigger issues to attend to'. Not one person said that they were sorry that this had happened. I have never been treated so poorly.	
May 27 2007 	Fun Time in Vegas	We stayed Thursday through Sunday and had a pool view room on the 7th floor. The room we requested was ready when we checked in at 4:00pm.Overall we had a great time. This is my first time staying here (but have visited during previous visits to Vegas) and what I like best is the festive attitude and everyone is really friendly and up for a good time. Another big plus is the relative small size of the hotel and casino (like other reviewers have commented, it's nice to be able to navigate the hotel without a map).The room was clean and comfortable. We asked for extra towels and they gave us six. All of the staff was very accomodating.We had room service once. It was very prompt and relatively affordable but the portions were HUGE. I could have eaten three meals from one appetizer and entree - I felt guilty throwing so much away. Overall I would say the quality was good but not great.Nobu is in my top five restaurants of all time. If you like Japanese food I can't recommend it highly enough. I also like the Pink Taco but mostly for the vibe and drinks - the food is good but not great.Here is my feedback on some comments from other reviews:I had no issues with noise from the hallway or noise in general.Although technically outside beverages and food are prohibited, we, along with other people I saw, brought these into the hotel without issue.There were glasses and an ice bucket in my room. I thought the water from the faucet had a slight off taste so I went for bottled water which is expensive (until I went across the street and bought my own).The shower water pressure is pretty good but the shower head is a little low for my 6'1&quot; size. This isn't a negative as few shower heads are high enough.The plasma tv is nice and the picture quality was very good.There are a majority of young and fit people at this hotel. However, it's not like the pool is full of models. I saw young and old, skinny and fat, singles and people with children and no one seemed to care one way or another.I had no issues with security and nothing in my room seemed to be disturbed.If you turn the tv on (but don't turn the channel), it plays the same music that plays in the hotel and the pool.It has been a little over a year since I have been to Vegas and I'd have to say that the biggest dissapointment is the attitude of the dealers in the casinos. We visited a number of casinos and found this to be the case everywhere. I'd say the Hard Rock is better than most but it's still worse than the last time I was here (and I had the same thought after my previous visit).	
May 24 2007 	Great pool great atmosphere no complaints	I stayed at the HR May 15-18 with a group of five girls. We were concerned about the $50 per person charge, but we just told them we only had two people in the room. Later, we called guest services and got a rollaway bed. We were only charged for the rollaway ($25 per day) and not for the extra people. The service was great the whole time we were there. We called several times for extra towels and they were brought up immediately.The entire experience was really great. The pool is wonderful and we were able to find chairs at 10 a.m. on each day except it got very busy on Friday. I'm sure that is how it is on weekends. The casino is a smaller scale than those on the strip, which I preferred. We went to the Rock Spa on our last morning, and that was a really relaxing way to end the trip. I recommend eating at Nobu if you like Japanese food -- we had a great meal there. Body English was only open one night while we were there and they closed too early (3 a.m.) for us to make it there.I'd definitely stay there again next time. The only drawback was the distance to the strip, but cabs are always available and only cost about $8 to other casinos.	
May 16 2007	Corruption in clubbing	A group of eight of us went to Body English at the Hard Rock on Sunday night. Now I'm from England so queuing is a national pastime. We were told to get into the queue at about 9:30ish or roughly once we see people joining so that’s what we did. Now it would help if somebody had explained to us that there are three or four different groups of people allowed entry before anyone in the queue; in fact it turned out that it wasn’t really a queue but a gathering of people waiting to be allowed entry. After about one hour and thirty minutes and witnessing several bungs to the doorman I asked how long it would take us to get in. I was asked how many of us there were and told the doorman there was eight guys; he pretty much went on to say that we didn’t stand much chance because his job was to see an even distribution of women to men but if we could muster a little something together he might be able to see his way into sneaking us in.Now I have to ask the question if we had &quot;mustered&quot; a little something if they'd have stopped letting blokes in until the balance had been redressed? I seriously doubt it as it was obvious this was about bunging the doorman a bribe regardless.So be frank, if you’re going to Body English, you have four options to get you in. 1.Make sure you book a table which will cost you $350 per three people but you get a bottle of spirits for your money.2.Be prepared to bribe your way in.3.Take a girl.4.Stay at the hotel.Major gripe aside, we stayed in the bar and Casino until well after 9am the next day and we had a great time, the bar and Casino staff we’re helpful and friendly and the locals were fun too.	
May 15 2007	Great Room Great Service Great Pool But............	We are Boomer age couple who visit LV frequently. This time around, we didn't want to prowl the strip since my wife had injured her ankle. Even though we were old enough to be the parents of many of the guests, we had a GREAT time!The pool;-view room was superb, the sounds excellent, and the food good. Rehab at the pool was great! Our ONLY problem was that during Rehab Sundays there are not enough loungers to go around. Many people had to sit on the concrete or on any convenient rock. This is a real problem, and I think the HRH will benefit by providing adequate seating for guests not only on Rehab Sunday, but also on Saturday, when we had the same problem.Other than that?? Excellent, we plan on returning.	
May 8 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Pool Great Service	Stayed at the Hard Rock May 4 - May 7...the second weekend Rehab at the Pool is open. We are 34-35, and stayed with one other couple. First, I really didn't expect such good service from a big hotel in Las Vegas...I was wrong! From the reception desk to the pool staff, everyone was very friendly, welcoming and helpful. Their customer service is A +. The rooms were a good size, with comfortable beds, down pillows, and a nice shower. Everything in the room was clean...no complaints. We had mountain view rooms, which were just fine.The pool area is great. If you can, rent a cabana...they are fun! We were poolside Sunday for Rehab, which was crazy! Lots of good people watching...around 3pm, the crowd wins and it's time to head back inside to the casino! The Rock Spa is great. I had a GREAT massage with Chris (female)...go ahead of time to sit in the steam room and hot pool. The treatments are worth every penny! Pink Taco is overrated...the food was mostly bland and overcooked.This was my second stay in Vegas...I think for my next one I will stay on the strip, just to be able to walk out of the hotel from place to place. The cab fare to the strip from the Hard Rock was not bad though, so don't let that deter you!	
Apr 23 2007	Another Room Theft! Poor handling by Hard Rock Staff	My husband stayed here recently on a business trip. And he too was told he was automatically upgraded to an executive suite (for no reason what-so-ever). Maybe that's the scam that Hard Rock staff is running since it's much easier for someone to break into the living area of your room while you are sleeping in the bedroom. Overnight, they stole his laptop, wedding ring, watch, $300 cash. They left his credit cards and I.D. (probably so they couldn't be traced with an easy get-away). There are NO cameras in the hallways at the Hard Rock, only in the elevators. My husband was told that was for the privacy of the guests, obviously not for their safety. I used to stay at the Hard Rock with my girlfriends at least once a year, but we will no longer stay there because we no longer feel safe. I'm glad more people are writing in to inform others. If you travel to any hotel, make sure you lock up all of your valuables and put the safety lock on your door when you are asleep!	
Apr 23 2007 	It's the Hard Rock what did you expect?	I should first start by saying, I'm a local. I live in Vegas, I'm 21, I party. If you're hoping the Hard Rock will be quiet, don't stay here. This hotel caters to ages 21-30, end of story. I stayed here with my best friend for one night to go to Body English Sunday School. I booked on the Hard Rock site and later received a promotion. I called and the reservation staff was super nice and willing to change my reservation to the promotion (even though it meant cancelling my original and rebooking me). I work in room reservations out here and this is NOT easy, it is NOT fun, and being nice about it is truly great service. I was not able to check into the room myself so I called and they added my friend to the room so she could check in, no problems. Her check-in was quick, when I arrived, I picked up my keys; the staff was friendly and courteous. We had dinner at Nobu and it was fantastic. The service was outstanding, the food was wonderful. Be warned: If you are going to Body English, check their event calendar first. I have been here twice (buy VIP passes if you can) and if there is a big event, no matter how important you might be, there is a great chance you won't get in. I was there the night of Paris Hilton's birthday party, people were not getting in after midnight without tipping the bouncers in the hundreds. The club is awesome, it's beautiful and the waitresses are hot! The music is kinda weird if you get there too early, but it gets normal once the club fills up. It's great people watching; I even ran into Frankie Muniz after the Grand Prix during one visit!The first night that my friend and I went in 12/2006 was the night of the big Christmas party that was being hosted by Ron Jeremy. On a Sunday night, it gets CRAZY. People WILL bring the party back upstairs so if you're hoping to get a good night sleep, don't stay here. It was loud, people would knock on our doors all night, it was crazy. This would really bug me anywhere else, but considering the price of the room and the clientele at this hotel, we didn't expect it to be quiet. My best suggestion would be to keep your expectations realistic. If you're going to one of the restaurants, try to make a reservation. If you're going to the clubs, BUY VIP passes (I know the VIP hosts and I still buy the passes just in case). Know what you're in for and you'll have a great time!	
Apr 15 2007 	Disrespect	Very excited about spending my 40th birthday in Vegas with my wife...even happier to think I was going to Hard Rock. However the hotel did everything possible to dissolve that excitement. My wife booked through Vegas.com and when we arrived we discovered that room requests are not honored through &quot;affiliated on-line sites&quot; Despite not being completely full, they would continue to hold rooms for the &quot;true paying customers&quot; who booked through their own website. i.e. this is the Hard Rock's way of pushing out the online services...maybe not a big surprise, but I was amazed at how bad it got. We requested a non smoking, king size, room and got smoking, 2 beds, Handicap accessable, next to the elevator....could not be a worse room in the house...we heard elevators all night as if they were in the room with us...finally made enough of a problem out of it and got moved for a good night sleep the second day. one other thing, while the TVs are fantastic (big plasma screens), they get a low def signal thereby making he picture unviewable......its as if they had no clue about the hotel business.	
Apr 14 2007 	Glad I stayed here	Although friends of mine were staying at the Hard Rock and I was due to attend a party here, I really didn't want to stay there. The reviews both here and at Expedia almost out me off. However, the Bellagio ended up being full and I came to Hard Rock. It greatly exceeded my expectations. It was a little bit loud for me in the lobby and around the pool. Sometimes I found the music at the pool really inspiring and enjoyable, but it would be nice if they had a couple of quiet areas or hours.Overall though, the room was nice as were all hotel services. I ate breakfast at the 24/7 cafe each day. 100% satisfied. I also ate at Nobu - had a horrendous hangover, but that wasn't their fault (oh and Britney Spears was there that night!). Nobu was good. Party at the Body English nightclub was also superb.Great hotel overall and after I visited the Bellagio, I was really glad things worked out this way. I would say HR is best for 15 to 50s, but otherwise, get there - I'll be back.......	
Apr 10 2007 	Rather Sedate Actually	Ours was a Sunday-Tuesday stay. We had all been to this Casino over the years, and one in our group had stayed in the hotel on a previous trip. We were aware of the atmosphere, and relative age of guests that would be staying here. Our group pretty much isn’t their target market. ; ) Parking – plentiful. We parked (free) in the covered parking structure each night. Check-in – Sunday late afternoon, plenty of staff, no line. Check in quick &amp; easy. Clerk confirmed we were NOT the oldest people staying at the hotel. Bless his heart. : ) Note, in the evenings when you go up to the elevators you must show your room key AND if you are carrying any bags they will ask what is in them. You are not allowed to bring alcohol purchased off site up to your rooms. HOWEVER, the elevators were not staffed during the day. Rooms – OK. WOW. Note, if you have tweens or younger, you may want to edit the Mini Bar section. Not sure they would need the position a day book. ; ) Beds are on a platform so while there’s not much give to them, they are comfortable. Linens were OK. The 42” plasma flat panel is almost too big for the room. I said ALMOST, (the rooms just a touch small, right?). Ample desk area and a small seating area near the windows. The black out curtains actually worked with no little rays of sunshine poking in to wake us up. (I hate when they don’t close all the way). Bathrooms … another WOW. Huge deep tub, rain shower head that even the tallest Bubba wouldn’t hit his head on. Good quality soaps &amp; lotions, plenty of towels. Liked the lighted mirror. Only downside, no vent to help clear the room after a steamy shower. Sound proofing wasn’t too great, as we could hear everyone in the hallways as well as people in the parking lots. Admittedly I’m a light sleeper, so I was armed with my earplugs. A non issue really.Pool – incredible pool atmosphere. Needed a wristband to gain entrance to the pool area. Music loud &amp; good in the pool area. If you’re not confident about how you look in a swimsuit, you might be intimidated here. Mr. Lucky’s – ate breakfast/lunch here one morning. Service good, people friendly, food reasonably priced and fresh. No complaints here. Casino – this was an absolute snoozer. I’d guess about a quarter of the tables were staffed. Slots had a good variety but were tight. For me, half the fun of Vegas is all the people in the casinos and lively tables. None to be had here. In the evening the place was nearly empty. Overall: I was advised this might not be the best place to stay with a couple of teenagers in tow, but have to say most of the caveats did not apply. Although it’s a young college crowd hanging out at the pools, and while I might not agree with some of the respect shown to women by some of the drunk guys (or lack there of), our teen travelers reported that no one really bothered them at all. In fact one was a bit miffed because someone called her 12 (meaning 12 years old, she’s 17). The valid complaint of staying here with Teens is that there is absolutely nothing for them to do. Our stay was during spring break, but early in the week. There really wasn’t a lot of activity going on at the Hotel. Seemed a bit sedate actually. If this hotel was on the Strip, it would have been totally perfect. But, it would have also probably cost considerably more than $80 a nite.	
Apr 9 2007 	Enjoyed NOT being a part of the gargantuplexes on the strip!	I was very skeptical about our upcoming stay after reading the bad reviews on the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas ... most especially because we are a family with a 3.5 year old. Granted we were staying during the week, not a weekend (which I wouldn’t hesitate to do again), but I'm pleased to say that all went well.The pool was beautiful and awesome (mostly in size per capita) and I was surprised to see many other families with kids out there. As we were there during the week, there weren't numerous 20-30-somethings partying. Don't get me wrong, if our kid wasn't with us, I'd be out there partying with them (see Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach review) and I’m almost 40! I agree however, after viewing the Rehab-Sunday video ads around the hotel that kids are completely inappropriate at that venue and my kid is pretty cool (see attached photo with her playing guitar left-handed with Jimi Hendrix).We were staying with a relative that had VIP status with the hotel so that made things slightly smoother (check-in was private, the rooms were a little cheaper and we got a few rides in the hotel car) but it didn’t drastically change our opinion of the hotel. We were still regular people there and still had to pay $11.99 for internet access.We were put in a “mountain view” room (7th floor) and my husband promptly went down to ask if we could switch to the other side. He was told that it would be an additional $120 to switch to the “pool/strip view.” Mountain view it is! Turned out to be the best decision we made that week as it kept our daughter highly entertained watching all the airplanes land and take off from the airport both day and night. My initial concern was that we would hear a lot of noise from both the airport and the air conditioners. Other than 2 jets that sounded like they landed in the room next to us, we didn’t hear a thing. That includes people in the hallway too.As a parent, the Hard Rock Housekeeping gets 10 gold stars for getting a roll-away bed up to us in under 10 minutes at 2am! They even did it with a smile. Wow. That’s service. We stupidly thought our daughter could sleep in her blow-up, Nemo bed but when we got to the hotel, there was a hole in it (Nemo, not the hotel). Hence the roll-away. Hence housekeeping. Hence the 10 gold stars.The things I would change or complain about have nothing to do with the hotel and everything to do with Vegas ...the incessant SMOKING, the self-importance of people who think they are beautiful (especially when drunk) and the air of desperation for money where people will take advantage of you at every turn.While the hotel is definitely a cab ride from the strip, it was still a good time and I thoroughly enjoyed NOT being a part of the gargantuplexes on the strip!	
Apr 9 2007 	Theft and unresponsive management	My husband and I, along with a group of 10 friends stayed at the Hard Rock for a long weekend at the end of March, 2007. We enjoyed the fun vibe of the hotel and the pool scene, however, we had a major problem with our stay.The last day we were there, my husband discovered he had been robbed. His work bag, which was in the room the entire weekend, had been opened and meticulously searched (someone spent some time opening up all the various compartments of his bag). His iPod and about $300 in all types of foreign currency were stolen. We were on our way to the airport, so he stopped to fill out a report at the security desk before we left. They told him they would question all the people who had used their cards to access the room (housekeeping, etc.) and get back to him. After about a week (my husband had to keep calling for updates) the woman handling the case said that they questioned everyone and there was nothing they could do. She said we could write an email to her boss, which we have done, but have not heard anything yet.Obviously, we are very disappointed with how the hotel handled this case. After all the money that we spent there individually and as a group of 12 (food, pool, casino, etc.), we expected them to be much more proactive and responsive to our claim.Another example of poor management occurred when we checked in--we were told they did not have the room we reserved and that we would have to move to a more expensive room. They said they would only split the difference with us, instead of giving us the room at the original lower price. We will certainly never stay there again.	
Apr 3 2007 	Great hotel but watch out for sneaky management!	Watch out for Manuel!!My 3 girlfriends and I stayed at The HardRock on March 30- April 1st and it was an overall GREAT hotel. I was a bit skeptical because of some of the reviews I've read on here...... but I will never stay anywhere else in Vegas! Its a few minutes from the strip, but it was a cheap cab ride and not a huge inconvenience at all. Definitely a party hotel, but what else are you going to Vegas for?? I wouldnt recommend it as a family environment......but its classic Vegas and if you are going for a good time, this is definitely the place to go. Unlike some of the other uptight reviews on here, I thought the rooms were wonderful. Decent size for a Vegas room- bigger than several of the rooms I've stayed in in other Vegas hotels. GREAT TV and french door which opened to the pool. We ordered room service the first night and it was delivered pretty quickly.Unbelievable pool atmosphere. We reserved a cabana which was a little pricey, but WELL worth it. We didnt have to fight the crowd for a place to sit and the service was GREAT! Our waitress was Victoria and she was unbelievably nice and helpful. There was a TV, fridge and safe in the cabana, which was nice because you could walk away from your stuff and not have to worry about it getting stolen. It's one big party all day long. Again, I wouldnt recommend it for children. But then again, I don't think most of Vegas is really children-friendly!Now for the downside...... Watch out for some of the hotel management!! I should start out by saying they arent all bad. We were checked out by a very nice man who was courteous, helpful and very respectful. If all management were like him, I would have no complaints. But unfortunately, I can't say the same for the gentleman (and I use that term losely) that checked us in. His name was Manuel (dont know his last name). He was a shorter man with glasses and we were told he was a manager. He came off as very nice and courteous at first.....but dont be fooled!! When we checked in, we were asked how many people we would need wristbands for. Because we were having two people join us at the pool the next day, we listed 4 names. He then had me sign my name on an electronic signature pad for my credit card (the electronic pad did not give me amount though). After giving us the standard speech about the location of the elevators blah blah, he vaguely mentioned something about an extra charge for more people. When I asked him what he was talking about, he said that there was an extra charge for the extra 2 people we listed. We asked him what the charge was and he danced around the question and wouldnt give us a straight answer. Once he realized I wasnt leaving until I got a straight answer, he admitted that there was a $50 extra charge PER PERSON PER NIGHT. I asked him if this charge was in what I had just signed for and he said yes. I found it funny (and very sneaky) that he &quot;forgot&quot; to mention this BEFORE I signed. I pointed out that we only wanted the wristband and there would not be extra people in our room. Manuel then told me that it would be an extra 50 for each wristband anyways (which was a lie!!) I asked him if this was true even if we rented a cabana and he said yes (which was another lie!) Because I could tell he was not going to be up front about anything, I asked for a print out of the charges to my credit card for the room. Manuel told me &quot;we dont do that.&quot; Feeling like he misunderstood what I was asking for, I told him again that I just wanted a copy of my bill to see what the charges were. He again said they didnt do that and that they had no way of printing one. I said again &quot;So you don't give your guests any record of what you charged them?&quot; and his response was &quot;that is correct&quot;. Well anyone who has ever stayed at a hotel before knows that there are printers right at the computer and all hotels will give a guest a copy of their bill! They usually do it without even having to ask!! Needless to say, he was lying. I was able to get a copy of my bill the next day from another person at the front desk. And of course, they printed it from the very computer that Manuel was using when we checked in!! Again, I'm sure all management isnt as dishonest as Manuel, but please be aware!! Require them to give you a copy of the charges at the beginning and end of your stay. And if you get Manuel, ask to check-in with someone else!! He will try to rip you off!!	
Mar 28 2007 	Cool but not our style-and overpriced for the experience	My husband and I just got back form Vegas, and spent the last 2 days of the vacation at the Hard Rock. The hotel was advertising some great rates we thought we'd take advantage of....we should of stayed at Hooters. Sopme quick positive and negatives..POSITIVES:Super cool pool, stars everywhere!Nicely appointed roomsGreat bathroom extrasLots of memoribilia to look atNEGATIVES:Room was not ready upon check in, and still wasn't ready at 4PM-once we got it, it was a horrible view on the 4th floor-we overlooked a roof with funky lights on it. Make sure you get a room overlooking the pool/strip views.Dark bathrooms-sort of cave like, hard to see to apply make up or shave in showerBeds not comfortable, and the king size wasn't actually a king size..even though my husband disagrees!Loud-everywhere!Overpriced gift storeVery few comps-few and far between for drinks if you are on the slots-not sure about tablesSecurity-My husband and I got stopped bringing a six pack up to our room-you can not bring outside alcohol in-------so we sat in the car like teenagers and drank our beers! You can't even put anything in the mini bar-you get charged just for moving stuff around!Extra resort fee of $5 per day-Just cheesy-and unjustified-this doesn't even include being able to use the gym- you still have to pay extra for that!We were told there was a shuttle to the strip and airport, but everytime we asked about it, no one knew anything about it-my husband and I now call it the mythical shuttle!Overall a so so experience- we won't stay again, the location was difficult becasue you can't walk to anything but especially since we were made to feel like criminals for want ing have a couple of beers in our own room! They seem to want to nickel and dime you everywhere you turn...which is fine if it was a fabulous luxury experience, but this hotel was just average all across the board.	
Mar 20 2007 	Sex starved teeny bobber hotel not for business.	I recently attended a Business conference at this hotel. The Hotel room itself was nice and well kept but the environment was bad, bad, bad. loud, Loud LOUD. From The minute you wake up to leaf blowers at 7:am to the constantly blaring music from the Pool and everywhere and the crude sex games placed for purchase in the mini bar, this Hotel is crude and has no class. I was up on the 10th floor by the pool and even with the doors closed and drapes pulled you can always here the MUSIC 24 hours a day. NO sound proofing so at least you could go to your room for quiet. It is definatly not a place for a professional conference. Unless of course it is for prostitute loving types. I am perfectly aware that sex sells in Las Vegas but most of the Hotels manage to pull it off with some class, this hotel does not EVEN TRY to have any class about it. It is a straight white trash dump. If I ever have the misfortune to have to attend a conference here again I will book a room elsewhere. Please NEVER bring a child to this hotel. IT is designed around a purely Sex, Drugs and rock and roll theme. NOT FOR FAMILIES or professionals EVER. It is like a Warped flash back to a 24 hour a day college dorm party. But at least in the college dorms thay had times and places where you could go for a little peace.	
Mar 13 2007 	Love the rooms - felt out of place in the casino	Company put me up in the Hard Rock last weekend. Plusses:1. The bed - featherbed with a down comforter - I was asleep in minutes.2. Amenities - 40-something inch plasma TV in the room, Bose Wave Radio, well stocked vanity.3. Surprisingly quiet - despite the party crowd that hangs out here, once you're in the room, you don't hear them. Maybe the people who hang out in the casino can't afford to stay in the hotel... and security is good about keeping non-guests out of the rest of the hotel.4. Mr. Lucky's remains my go-to restaurant in Vegas. When you want a good meal, fast, and without any BS, go straight to Mr. Lucky's inside the Hard Rock. The $7.77 steak and shrimp is still available (off menu) - just ask. It's not the biggest cut of meat you've ever seen, but it's plenty for me.5. Nobu is still my favorite for the expense account.6. If you have the time, you need to go to the pool. 'Nuff said.7. The curtains overlap each other in the room, so you can actually block out sunlight and get some sleep without having to use some clothespins or a clip hangar to close the curtains.Minuses:1. Proof of one of my laws of travel: the more you spend on the room, the more you get nickeled and dimed after you check in. Want to use your laptop for either wired or WiFi internet access? That's $11.95/day. Want to use the WebTV in the room? $5.99/two hours. I didn't bother to open the minibar.2. The rooms could use a little more light, especially by the closet.3. With all the college age hotties hanging out in the casino, I felt old the moment I walked into the place. Don't get me wrong - I don't like walking into a casino filled with blue-haired old ladies, either... but I felt a little out of place.4. Setting the alarm clock on the aforementioned Bose radio isn't very intuitive.	
Mar 9 2007 	Very Disappointed	On a recent trip to Las Vegas we stayed at the Hard Rock. The Hard Rock would not have been my choice but I had business there so it just made sense.Upon arriving I walked to the registration desk and ran into my first problem. When I made the reservation I was told I could pay with a company check that my company was giving me to cover costs. Well, the desk agent then said we do not take checks and told me I would have to go to the onsite bank to get it cashed. So, we grab our 4 bags and walk over to the bank area. After about 10 minutes of questions they were able to cash my check. So we made the short trip back to the registration desk and attempted to check in to our room. Ouch! Unfortunately we were being helped by a new desk agent who wasn't quite ready to be left on her own. Anyway, I told her that I wanted to use the cash to pay for my first 3 nights and would like to use my debit card for the last night. Well, this didn't happen. She ended up running my debit card for the full amount of the stay plus an additonal $100 a day &quot;security&quot; deposit. I again told her how I wished to pay for the room and this time she seemed to understand. However, she again ran my debit card. More on that later. So, she gives us the keys to the room and which point I asked her if this was a king room. She then told me it wasn't. I personally called the hotel before our arrival and was told I would have a king sized bed. Well, she said she could do nothing about it but we could have a king bed that was a smoking room. This was unacceptable. Eventually they moved us to an upgraded room (however it turned out this was a smoking room as well).We got to our room and immediately accessed our bank account to see what damage the agent did to our account. It turns out the agent authorized our debit card for over $1200. And all we wanted to do was pay for the last night using this card. Anyway, we went back down to the desk and asked for a manager. Unfortunately he was in a meeting but the another agent at the desk asked if she could help us. Luckily for us she was able to call the bank and release the authorization from our debit card. She was the best part of our experience at the Hard Rock. So, we spent the first 2 hours of our time at the Hard Rock trying to check in and settle our bank account. Not a good start.On the day we were to check out we inquired about a late check out. We were told we could extend our check out to 1:00 pm for an additonal $100.00. The Hard Rock doesn't appear to regard customer service as much as their guests do.Outside of these issues our overall view of the Hard Rock is that it is a small casino, very average restaurants, very tight with the beverage service (on the third day we got our first &quot;free&quot; beverage service while gambling), pool area closed and just a lack of customer service. Next year I don't plan on staying here even it my business requires me to be there. Will stay elsewhere and take a cab!	
Feb 26 2007 	Good tub bed and TV	I stayed one night for a conference. I hate casinos and I hate the strip area of Vegas. So my perspective is purely that of a corporate traveler.I LOVE FREE PARKING and the parking was not too far from my room.Check in was easy and pretty fast. It would have been faster if the 3 Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders in line in front of me would have been able to make a decision. They were really cute girls, but just a pain to get checked in.Ok, so I head to my room and it is just sooo far from the check in. It could have been much worse, I suppose. The Hard Rock is tiny compared to some casino properties.The room was large with a nice pool view. The room colors were not too attractive, sort of a pale green with purple duvets and chair. Vegas hotels sure take a beating. Guests just tear up rooms. So, considering it was Vegas, I give the hotel a little slack.The condition of the room was just fine, for Vegas.There was a huge plasma TV (with working sleep timer) in the room. Nice. The double bed (2) was comfortable.The bathroom had horrible lighting for daytime makeup but the tub was HUGE and clean. It was maybe 24&quot; deep and 6' long.There was a rain type shower head which many people love... I do not like them that much but it worked and thank goodness there was enough water pressure to rinse my hair.We had an event at Body English. Really nice place.Ugly people... this is the place for you! The lighting is so flattering, EVERYONE looked pretty good!The meeting services were good... food was good.The location is actually good, in my opinion.Walgreens and restuarants across the street.Of course the best thing about the HR is all the memorabilia.It is a lot of fun just walking around and looking at all the displays.	
Feb 26 2007 	great for fun - but not for business travelers	I recently stayed at the hotel for a conference. At check-in you have to agree to various terms &amp; conditions of the hotel which you can do on an electronic touch pad. Especially late check-outs will be charged with 40 bucks an hour. The rooms are quite big and the bed comfortable. The rooms are equipped with a nice oversized plasma TV. After a long trip I just wanted to take a shower, watch some TV and check my emails. After using the bathroom I had to learn that the sink was not letting the dirty water go and the TV had bad reception. I also found out that I forgot the adapter for my laptop. I wanted to call front desk but the phone was not working either. I had to run down to the front desk where my question for an adapter was answered with: Sir, we do not provide these but I can point you in the direction of a Radio-Shack. ??? The sink was repaired the next day but the TV still had the bad reception. I was also charged 6 USD for receiving a fed-ex. ???The hotel for sure serves the 21-30 year old party people but should not be considered for conventions. The casino and restaurant staff were friendly and professional.	
Jan 27 2007	Fav place in Vegas (and I've stayed at all of them!)	I've stayed at this hotel &gt;10 times over the last few years and it's my favorite place to stay in Vegas. If there is one flaw, it's that the hotel is not on the strip so you have to take a taxi to get pretty much anywhere. That being said, I've gone days without ever leaving the property so that's not always an issue :-) As points of reference, I have stayed at a number of other hotels in Vegas as well, including: Wynn, Bellagio, MGM, Venetian, theHOTEL, Mandalay, Palms. The Hard Rock is my fav because it's the most fun place to gamble and the pool is unbeatable, especially on Rehab Sundays. The club is fun and the food at the restaurants is great too. Unless I have to stay somewhere else, I always choose the Hard Rock.	
Jan 24 2007	lose ur inhibitions	feel free to e-mail me with any questions allysondawn@hotmail.com...I've stayed at hard rock 2wice with my girlfriends and we are all in our late 20's-which is pretty much the age range. the pool is the best!!! great food and drinks, hot guys and girls and great music, especially during rehab, theres a DJ. I highly reccomend Simon Restaurant-yummmmy. the room prices are a bit chi-ching, it includes pool and gym usage even if you don't use it!!! careful with your belongings, use the safe in ur room and the pool especially. the circle bar and Body English are lots os fun;) the hallways of the hotel are definitely the party place in the middle of the night, coming back to the room from a night of partying is a new and better party waiting to happen. if u have kids or want some peace and quiet or are on ur honeymoon, stay somewhere else!!! free shuttle during the day to and from the strip	
Jan 17 2007	Best in Vegas	Have stayed at the Rock three times in the last year and love the place. Unfortunately for me I am no longer in the 20s - 30s crowd but have transgressed into the 50s, and disagree with the comments that you should not stay here if you are 40+. I do not party like I used to and don't want to, but, where else can you immerse yourself in good rock, party in the casino, eat in fun restaurants and not have to worry where the elevator is.On the three occasions I stayed here, I never felt slighted for being dumpy or old and everyone just seemed to be there to have a good time. Same for the staff - always friendly. I think its always dependent on your attitude. A good example - one day I finished business early and went to the pool around noon. It was packed with alot of 20-30 types with only a few like me. A group of guys made some xxx comment at me - I threw it back at them and ended up partying with them the rest of the day. Had a great time.So, my review of the Hard RockGreat fun place to escape and listen to good musicAll the restaurants are great, particularly the Pink TacoThe Casino is loud and funRooms are great - not the Wynn but who cares. Take an MP3 with RCA cord and listen through the Bose radio - french doors with a view of the parking lot and strip clubs is priceless.If you are coherent into the wee hours, you'll get a glimpse of what you used to act like at 3am but can't remember.Relax and have fun	
Jan 14 2007 	Terrible/scary experience	Hi: We stayed at the hard-rock hotel September30th through October3 for a going away ( kind of bachelorette party) and it was a weird experience... We had a group of 10 girls... We checked in the hotel and went to check out the pool area before we went to the rooms... One of the bouncers grabbed my wrist, and wouldn't let go until one of my friends confronted him, he verbally attacked her also! Very odd he was possibly high on something... We formally complained to management, who then replied that the security for the hotel was handle by an outside company so they weren't responsible... We wrote a formal complaint to the hotel management and we still waiting for a reply... Girls alone should not stay here!!!!!!!! Even their staff is high or drunk..... You can party here as a group ( they have a reat casino and great pool party!) but the management does not care about keeping their female guests safe. Good place if you are going with your boyfriend or a bunch of guys... Also scary for families. Don't take a chance, it was a terrible experience...	
Jan 8 2007	We like the Hard Rock!	We went to the Hard Rock with our teenaged girls, and it didn't disappoint. It's not a megaresort like the Bellagio or Venetian and doesn't claim to be a luxury hotel, and as a result is quite a bit cheaper than some others. One can actually see to the other side of the casino and find their way around. I find that refreshing, as I don't like having to find landmarks to find my way back to the elevators in some of the bigger places. All of us enjoyed the rock memorabilia (bow to the shrine to Kurt Cobain) and the constant rock music (in the hallways, the elevator...if you don't want to hear the Stones / Animals/ Nirvana in the background all day, don't stay here). The rooms were as they appeared on the website. I was surprised not to find a coffee maker but everything else was fine. Beds were comfortable, everything was clean. I love a deep bathtub and found it here. We didn't have any trouble with the front desk staff. We ate a couple of times at Mr. Lucky's 24/7, and had reasonably good food for reasonable prices. I had french toast made from a Cinnabon -- my god. I'll go back for that alone.It was too cold to swim, but the pool area looks amazing. We'll probably stay here again in the Spring when things warm up. All in all, we recommend the Hard Rock.	
Jan 4 2007 	No Complaints	I stayed at the Hard Rock from Dec 30 till Jan 2. We were a group of 8, 2 couples in each room. I read that many people had problems with check in and I must say we had the complete opposite. Check in was quick and we requested 2 adjoining rooms and that is exactly what we got. The rooms were nice, the beds were sooo comfortable and the bathrooms were big. Also staying right across the hall was Tommy Lee which was awesome! The casino and hotel were smaller then the others but very laid back and fun. I didn't really like the club they have there, Body English but I'm not much of a club person anyways. Overall, I have no complaints of the entire trip. We saw lots of famous people around the casino and were treated very well by everyone including at the gambling tables and housekeeping who were always giving us extra towels. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 2 2007 	Big Disappointment!	We stayed at the Hard Rock for New Year's Eve to see Supernova. We are seasoned travellers and have stayed at many hotels in Las Vegas. The rooms at the Hard Rock were just mediocre. They don't provide blankets, coffee makers, or even a vanity mirror. Our first night there, the shower drain was plugged so bad that it was flooding. When we tried to call customer service, the phone didn't work. We had to call the front desk using our cell phone. They did send someone to fix the shower that evening. The beds were lumpy and the bathrooms were so small that you have to be careful to avoid rubbing up against the toilet while closing the bathroom door! Oh and get this...There is an extra $20 charge per person to use the gym each time.The casino was a happening place during the evenings. They need to update their ventilation system to handle the cigarette smoke and upgrade their sound system which sounds sub-standard. If you plan on staying at the Hard Rock plan on paying a lot for Taxi rides to the strip as it is too far to walk (approx. 1.5 miles) to the strip. Also note that the hotel's restaurants only give 2 for 1 discounts to guests of all Las Vegas hotel guests, EXCEPT for Hard Rock guests. Which doesn't make any sense, since one would think the hotel would give special consideration to those people who are guests of the hotel and gambling in their casino. There are lots of other hotels in Las Vegas that treat their patrons better and have better amenities.	
Dec 10 2006 	hard rock is the best	as the organizer of a trip that usually consists of 15 to 20 males aging between 22 and 30, the hard rock is the place to stay. we said we would stay at a different place every year until we found a place we liked. if your looking for a party, and of course you are or you wouldnt be going to vegas, then this is the place to stay. the rooms are all you can ask for. clean, small little balcony, but big opening french doors is very nice. bose steros are a nice touch. the rooms also have safes which are free and work very well.the casino is great. there is a party going on all the time. the dealers are very friendly and helpful. myself, always stopping to play cards on my way to the room every nite, usually not to sober whatsoever, the dealers would look after you. most places will take advantage of you, but the dealers there seemed to go that extra mile to make sure know matter how drunk you were, you werent missing anything.the pool is amazing. i highly reccomend renting a cabana. there about 250 for the day, but have a flat screen tv, fridge, safe and lots of chairs and couches. you get amazing waitress service when you have one of these. (the grilled ham and cheese is so good when hungover drinking a corona sitting by the pool.} there is a water slide, a sandy beach, and more woman than you can shake a stick at.body english is located at the hard rock. this is one of the best bars in vegas. (pure is still the best.) we had a vip room there, with 19 of us i bet we had another 50 people in there that we had brought in. definetly a good time.the only downfall, was the front desk staff. not very smart. are rooms were all prepaid, but they kept trying to charge us again. they just couldnt understand what was going on or problem solve this. luckily my travel agent fixed all this when we got home.all in all, if your in your 20 s, 30 s, or still like to give er in your 40 s... then stay here. if you dont drink, party, like rock music, like it loud.. then dont stay here. i will stay here every year from here on end. lots of single guys/girls.. whatever your into. i stongly reccomend this place and i will be back next year for sure......good times	
Dec 2 2006 	Not My Kind of Place...	Stayed here one night during a business trip. I'm a mid-40's guy and discovered pretty quickly that this was not the place for me. First, I felt as if I was old enough to be everyone's father. The guests, staff and club visitors here are mostly 20-somethings. Much of the crowd were party-hardy types and seemed to compete for who could yell the loudest at the bars and around the small casino. To give them some credit, you practically HAD to yell to be heard over the loud rock music that seems to be seeping out of every corner of this place. I liked a lot of the tunes, but gee, could you turn the volume down just a little bit?!The minimalist-styled rooms were fine with huge plasma TVs and a decent work area. Believe it or not, some of us actually do come to Las Vegas for business! Internet access was expensive at $12/day.Be aware that sound really travels in this hotel -- through the walls, ceilings and under the doors. Didn't get much sleep and glad I had no meetings the next morning. People were running up and down the hallways yelling all night. I had to put towels against the substantial opening at the bottom of the door. That helped a little. Then at 2:00AM and again at 3:30AM young partiers were banging on doors. Was exhausted the next morning.Didn't experience any of the restaurants except the 24/7 coffee shop which was OK. Waitresses were attentive, food came quickly and at least the music was a little less loud in there.The hotel is in a poor location if you want to go for a walk to escape the noise. I've stayed at practically every major Strip hotel (been to Las Vegas for conventions nearly 100 times) and will go back to one of them next time.	
Nov 15 2006 	Good Place	There was a $5 fee added to the room charge, but that's not so uncommon these days. For the price, the room was nice. Did not like the mini-bar and 'you move it, you bought it' concept'. The room was clean and spacious. We did have the maid try to enter even with the do not disturb sign on, so do beware and lock the door from the inside. Casino is small and quaint, dealers friendly. The place was a very popular bar scene at night. The pool was impressive. Restaraunts were good.	
Nov 8 2006 	Lock all your belongings!!!!	The weekend of September 15-17th we stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas. I ALWAYS stay at this hotel when I go to Vegas becasue it is always a fun time. We put the &quot;DO NOT DISTURB SIGN&quot; on our door. We did not want anyone to enter our room to clean it, or any other purpose. On Sunday we returned to our room to find items missing from our room. Purses, wallets, perfume, makeup, shoes, etc. Over $3,000 worth of stuff. We went to the security desk where we were rudely told that &quot;our maids don't steal&quot; and there will be an investigation, but probably won't find anything. As you can imagine this is VERY insensitive to your guests who are upset about their belongings being stolen. They investigated it and found out that a maid came in our room. Our room was NEVER cleaned and nobody should have entered our room. I understand that investigations take time, but it has been almost 2 months now, and we know who took the items, a Hard Rock Hotel employee. We haven't gotten A THING from Hard Rock, no letter, no apology. NADA!!!!!!! If you do stay here - lock your suitcase up!! Don't leave anything in your room that you don't want stolen, bc apparently its free for the taking for Hare Rock Maids!!!!!!!	
Nov 8 2006 	Beware the hidden charge!!	Beware the hidden charges!!! Everywhere you look they hit you.First the rate on the web looks good. Then when you check in and ONLY when you check in after you have signed the Early Checkout $75 payment agreement do they tell you that there are two $5 per night charges automatically added on. 1 for the resort fee and one a shuttle charge. I didn't even know they had a shuttle. Also the rooms have NO glasses in them, so if you want / need a drink of water to take a pill or are just thirsty you have to drink from the sink or open a $6.50 bottle of water. Nice touch. In addition they make you sign a statement that if you bring any food / water into the room they will charge $25 for it.The room is on par with any Holiday Inn in the country, but no Holiday Inn I have stayed in would put up with the stains on the carpet and furniture.Go to any one of the many other wonderful hotels in Vegas.. Avoid the Hard Rock.	
Nov 5 2006 	Fun Times At Hard Rock	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in late October, 2006 from Thursday to Monday morning and had a pleasant experience. It is definitely a singles/ young adult hotel. I would say the target ages would be from 21-36. I have nothing bad to say about the hotel at all, it's not my favorite hotel in the world, but it definitely is a great party hotel. I went with a party of seven friends (including myself) and we were put in standard rooms next door to each other. Standard rooms aren't very big, but they're made for sleeping and they were clean and pleasant. The casino was a little smaller than I thought-- but had everything you needed. The pool was amazing, and if it was that good during the fall-- I can only imagine the summer. My favorite restaurant in the Hard Rock is Mr. Lucky's 24/7 which is a diner that is always open. The staff never gave me any problems and I did like it because it was in a world of it's own off the strip, but a very cheap, quick, and convenient cab ride to the strip. There are local stores and strip malls nearby when you need a dose of reality and not the Las Vegas glitz. I would probably stay in another hotel next time-- just to experience something different-- but I would NEVER turn down another stay in the Hard Rock because it was good. I would definitely stay there again though if I make repeat trips.	
Oct 22 2006	Love the Music the Food and the Casino	We didn't stay at the hotel, because we were on a budget, but we ended up at the Casino every night because of the wonderful food at the 24/7 restaurant. We loved the music, which included everything from 50's to present--and were left alone to play the penny slots or walk around as we wanted. Strangely enough, we didn't mind the music being loud because it was good. We were taken back when we noticed a group of young men walking around with what appeared to be a huge bottle of beer(?), until we realized that they were probably performers. Because of our schedule, we didn't get to go into any of the various shops--but they looked like something we'd have enjoyed. If for no other reason than the food (and the great waiters and waitresses), it's worth a visit. We noticed three older women who looked like they were out of place--sort of like they were expecting more &quot;action&quot; than anything--it was far more crowded on Friday and Saturday night, which was understandable, but it didn't appear to be a pick-up bar--although like anywhere, if you look for trouble, you can always find it. By far, our favorite Las Vegas restaurant and casino--and we saw several. If our budget allowed, we would have stayed at the hotel instead of across the street, but we were still easy walking distance.	
Oct 17 2006 	Great time	Off the strip, nice hotel. A little expensive. Casino is smaller than most, but very fun crowd-younger. Great meals at Pink Taco, Lucky's. Great pool. Very nice rooms.	
Oct 3 2006 	Awesome place to stay!	An excellent place to stay. We have stayed at around 15 other casino/hotels and we would place this in the top 3. The room was great. The view was stunning. From our balcony, we could see the Luxor all the way to the Stratosphere, and also the pool area.The Pink Taco was excellent as well as Luckys. Also the room service was quick and the food was great.All in all, we would recomment this highly. We will be back in the near future. We go to Vegas every 4-6 months.	
Oct 2 2006	Hard Rock Hard to beat	I stayed for a couple of nights in early September and this is by far thest place I have stayed in Vegas - it actually feels like a hotel with a casino inside it rather than a casino that happens to have some bedrooms.Room was well appointed and unlike previous posters expereience my room was made up in the morning and everything taken care of. Staff were all extremely warm and helpful.Breakfast in the 24 hour diner was excellent. Agree with the last poster that a taxi to the strip is essential and cost no more than $7. There was a surcharge on the room for use of a shuttle service but I saw no sign of this operating while I was there.Overall, it was worth the detour from staying on the Strip.	
Sep 12 2006 	The Hard Rock rocks	Stayed here for 3 nights in early Sep 2006.Great location - 5 mins/$7 in a cab from the airport. Short cab ride or brisk (hot) walk to the strip - walking not recommended.Check-in is probably the only downside - see if you can pre-register or arrive at a quiet time otherwise you have to register, leave your bags and return later (say 5pm) to actually get the keys to your room.Rooms are spacious and clean but room service is late (well after 1pm) and erractic (our beds weren't made and our towels weren't changed one day).The Sunday pool party (rehab) is great fun - well worth being in town for. Pool complex is really good but does get busy so arrive early for a lounger.Casino is OK - min bet $10 though - bar is good and open all hours.Food is good at both the breakfast bar and the other eateries and the starbucks is helpful.All in all great fun: would come again.	
Aug 28 2006 	HR Rocked	I stayed a the HR with my girlfriend in mid August. We are in our late 20's (26,28). We had a great time. The HR treated us well. I have stayed at many other Vegas hotels but none like this. We never felt lost or in a sea of people like other strip hotels. (This hotel Tops THEhotel for overall experience.) Friendliest dealers by far in Vegas. I loved playing cards to good old Rock-N-Roll. Never had more fun playing at the tables. I met lots of good people at the tables. I enjoyed that the casino was much lighter, smaller, and more open than other Vegas Casinos. There were plenty of non-smoking tables open. We really liked the party atmosphere. It was not too much but just right. If you like to play at the tables or the slots I recommend getting a Back Stage Pass (Players Card) before you start gambling. The HR is extremely generous with comps. Most places on the strip do not even let you get a players card unless you play at least $25 a hand. That is not the case at the HR. Once you play for a while just ask the pit boss if you have any comps for food or anything else. They are nice and will tell you yes more than no. Not only that, once you are on that list they will send you special email offers. I just got one that offered rooms as low as $25 in the week and $49 on the weekend!Food at Mr. Lucky's was great. My girlfriend loved the oversized bowl of coffee. Pink Taco was a pleasant surprise. The Guac plate was perfect. The room was good. The carpet was a little wet (from the steam clean) when we checked in, but at least I knew it was clean!! Loved the french doors opening to fresh mountain air. I am glad I brought some CD's for the Bose stereo. I did enjoy the large plasma and the live concert channel was showing Woodstock. The bath tub looked new and was a great excuse to just relax a little.The pool was very nice escape. I will say that we were lucky to get an umbrella. With out that we would have fried.I had a few celeb sightings. Tommy Lee, Dave Navarro, and Wee Man. I missed Mike Tyson on a couple of occasions. Overall I think the HR is the place to be in Vegas. I have already booked another trip in December with a group.	
Aug 23 2006 	Not all its cracked up to be	My friend and I stayed for a week at the Hard Rock. Overall, I don't think it's a four star hotel. It's probably a 2.0 star or a 3 star hotel at the most. The hotel atmosphere was average. The music was rock indoors and mostly hip hop and r &amp;b outdoors (why, I don't know). Good hotel for singles and for those who don't like kids. Very few kids at all. The cleaning service was great. Some bartenders were good but most were extremely rude especially to younger clientele. Customer service overall was terrible. My firend and I look young but we are not and we like to spend money. We were not treated well at this hotel at all and thus spent our money at other casinos. Security was rude for the most part, reception was less than impressive. The music at the clubs were mostly hip hop, r &amp;b, and Top 40, not at all what I expected from the Hard Rock franchise. There was also a sewage/ water problem that was not addressed quickly and left the entire hotel, especially the pool smelling like garbage and feces. The pool water gave me a rash.The staff was apologetic but not eager to resolve any problems especially if your package was booked through a third party and not through the hotel itself. Compensation for the problems we experienced was minimal and reflects my opinion of this hotel. Overall, this hotel is good only if you want to party all day and night and don't mind being disrespected by the staff while you're doing it.	
Aug 15 2006 	Good times @ the Hard Rock!!!!	We booked our vacation through Travelzoo and got a good deal plus alot of 2 for 1 deals on meals. I went to Vegas with 15 people, 9 of us stayed at the Hard Rock and absoultely loved it! Yes it's not on the strip but it's a short cab ride away! At night I didn't feel anyone was really being loud in the hallways upstairs...however this is the hard rock people are here to party not hang out in their rooms! The music in the casino was great, my friends and I sung along to all of it and didn't find it too loud. The room was good it looked exactly like the picture that only disappointing thing was that it appeared that every room had a balcony but on the mountain view side it was french doors that opened up to a 6 inch balcony. Mr. Lucky's was a big hit with all my friends especially the chicken fingers...if you're on a budget you can eat for under $10 a person here, we were more concerned with spending our money on alcohol. There is also a strip mall across the street with other cheap food options! Rehab the pool party was crazy but an amazing time everyone needs to experience it! The Rock Spa is good as well we spent an afternoon their and enjoyed our whole experience! I would advise signing up for the players club at the Hard Rock you get $10 free slot play and $25 match bet and a few other nice perks. Body English was fun but if you want to get in free with your room card bring a lot of girls with you and be at the door by 10:15pm. However if you have kids this is NOT the place for you the other Hard Rock hotels are a lot more kid friendly than their Vegas Outlet! I would definitly stay at the hard rock again it's small and managable unlike other casinos in Vegas.	
Aug 14 2006 	FANTASTIC!!!!	We (married couple 30 &amp; 31 yrs) stayed at the HRH for 5 days.We visit Vegas every year for the past 5 years and this was our first time staying at the HRH. This place is FANTASTIC!!! From now on this is the only place we will stay.The staff is incredible. Very friendly and courteous and will go out of their way for you. We are not big spenders, yet were treated like high rollers.The room is spacious and has a very cool plasma TV, and Bose CD player. It was nice to open the french doors at night time to let the cool desert air in.We went to the &quot;Rehab&quot; party on Sunday. WOW!!!!! What a fun time! A must for our next trip. We rented a cabana during our stay and our cabana host Erik did a great job making us feel like VIPs. It was well worth the money.We have stayed at the Bellagio, Mirage,TI, and MGM. The HRH tops all of these hotels easily.If you are trying to decide on what hotel to stay at you can't go wrong with the Hard Rock Hotel.	
Jul 27 2006	Wow	I have visited the HRH on many occasions, always enjoying the atmosphere, gaming, and friendliness of the employees. Today I choose to spend some time at the Hotel and Casino so I took a spin on my bike to the property and entered to enjoy some Starbucks coffee and a little gaming action. I was shocked to find that my bike had been removed by security during my visit. When I inquired as to the reason the hotel staff would cut my lock and take my bike, I was told that bikes are not allowed anywhere on the property. I find this very disturbing since the Hard Rock Hotel has always marketed itself as a “save the planet” sponsor of the global environment. I guess customers who ride bicycles have less monetary value to offer to the hotel and are looked upon as less then the regular SUV driving customers.	
Jul 3 2006	Lots of fun at Hard Rock	OK, so it has taken me a while to get to this review, but I'm going back to Vegas next month and just started thinking about it again. The Hard Rock was lots of fun; the music was good. The rooms have Bose Wave Radios. We had booked a mountain view room and were woken up at 7 am by construction noise outside (they were building a stage for the killers concert a couple of days later). Also, mountain view actually means airport view. Don't do it, unless you really need to save the money. A couple of other things in our room were broken. We complained and eventually got moved to a suite on the pool side. Nice!! Separate living room, huge bathroom with jetted tub, etc.We had room service. I wanted the tuna steak sandwich that I had gotten at the pool the day before, but it wasn't on the menu, but they brought it to me anyway. I think we got much better treatment in the suite. We were 2 single girls, age 28. There were hardly any other women at the hotel. Every time we sat down to gamble, some guys from another table would try to get us to go over to their table. We were there mid-week. At first, we didn't like it bc it was too far from the strip, the shuttle service is limited, and taxi rides were adding up. But by Thursday we didn't want to leave! the hotel definitely takes on a different attitude as you get closer to the weekend.The highlight of our trip was on the last night, when we came in at 5 am, two members of Green Day were playing at the $5 blackjack table. They saw us checking them out and invited us over to play with them. Very cool!!I would stay there again, but it is so expensive during the weekends, which are the really fun time. I wouldn't recommend it for your first trip to Vegas, since it is a good way from the strip, unless you don't mind paying $10 for a taxi numerous times a day.We ate at Mr. Lucky's several times. Good country-fried steak and mashed potatoes. $7.77 deal is just ok, but it is cheap.Also, pretty good comps at this hotel.	
Jun 29 2006	Good time at the Hard Rock	My husband and I stayed at the Hard Rock for two nights, and then joined our friends at the Flamingo for 3 nights.We are in our mid 30s and really enjoyed the Hard Rock. It was a fun place and I liked that it was on the smaller side...I didn't have to wander forever to find what I wanted. Everything was off of the main casino floor including the restaurants, pool access, and room access. The music was good too and played everywhere. I would have even liked it pumped into our room! I wouldn't say it was extraordinarily loud - we could still talk no problem. The room was spacious and clean. The furnishings were a bit sparse and plain - I expected more flashiness I guess. I liked the fact that you could open up the balcony doors. The bathroom was a good size with lots of counter space and decent lighting. The plasma TV was a nice touch, but not really used all that much. The pool was really nice! On Thursday I was there right as it opened (8:00 am) to get chairs. I would say the chairs didn't fill until late morning, early afternoon. I guess that's one benefit of being at a party hotel, everyone sleeps in! The waitresses were friendly and we drank &quot;Rock Star Lemonades&quot; all day, which they sell in these big plastic tiki glasses for $14.50. Not cheap, but hey...what in Vegas is cheap? Friday was a bit of a different story. On weekends you need a wristband to enter the pool area. The chairs filled up quickly and it was a lot more crowded in general. By late afternoon there was a lot of cups and junk laying around. I think I prefer the weekday pool scene since it's a little slower. I don't even want to know what the Sunday Rehab party is like. I do have to comment on the music at the pool in general. At the Hard Rock, the music was playing and just seemed to fill the whole area. I couldn't see speakers or figure out where it was coming from, but it was at the same volume everywhere, and seemed &quot;above&quot; us. At the Flamingo..the music blares from these speakers about 6 inches over your head. So depending on where you are sitting, you are either blasted out, or can barely hear it. Most of the time I felt blasted out.We at Pink Taco for dinner our first night and it was really good. We hit the happy hour specials where they have 2 for 1 beer and margaritas. Also lots of chips and salsa. The food is very reasonably priced and they give you a lot. After filling up on margaritas and chips, I ended up taking half of my burrito back to the room for a late night snack. We got quesadillas out by the pool the next day and they were also very good. Served with salsa, guac, and sour cream. For breakfast on Friday we went to Mr. Lucky's and I had a good omelette. Finally we hit Mr. Lucky's again for dinner and the famous $7.77 special where you get a nice sized salad, a small steak, 3 shrimp on a skewer, and a huge scoop of garlic mashed potatoes. Great taste and great deal.Some general observations:Contrary to popular belief, it's not just supermodels at the Hard Rock. I noticed all shapes and sizes at the pool and no one was being beaten or flogged for it! Yes, there are a few &quot;notice me&quot; girls, one princess decided to go topless in her cabana, but I would say that is the exception, not the norm. Also, be conscious of what event is going on at the Hard Rock if you decide to stay there. That Saturday was &quot;Ultimate Fight Night&quot; so by Friday, the fighters and their crews were rolling in. Lots of guys, lots of testosterone, lots of team flags and team colors. I had a feeling the fight in the ring wasn't going to be the only fight that weekend!I was spoiled by the Hard Rock and a bit disappointed when we got to the Flamingo. I would definitely stay at the Hard Rock again.	
Jun 26 2006	Dirty Pool Decent Room	We stayed at the hotel for 1 night but have visited many times for gambling. The room was very clean, modern looking with a flat screen tv, and well sized for a standard room. The rate during the week was reasonable but on the weekend way too overpriced. We don't have any complaints about the accomodations except for the disgusting pool area. To keep it short: the water was not clean at all, it had a cloudy appearance and a slick greasy layer on top. There were straws floating around from people drinking in the pool. I had to swim around a fake glitter eyelash and beer can tabs buried in the beach area. Overall, I was grossed out after 5 minutes of wading and swimming around. I wouldn't mind staying at the hotel again but I will not ever visit the pool area again. It needs to be sterilized.	
Jun 20 2006	Special meal deal	We did not stay at the Hard Rock Las Vegas but we did manage to walk to the hotel and eat their 777 special meal deal. The staff was friendly and attentive to our needs. The food was fulfilling and the ambiance throughout the casino was great and had a nice young feeling. Great memorabilia throughout the 1st floor of the establishment. It’s off the beaten path but there’s always a taxi cab to take us where we wanted to go.	
Jun 19 2006	Great Place to have fun and party	I went to the Hard Rock Hotel last year with 10 friends to celebrate my bachlorette party. I had the best time ever. The rooms are very spacious, there was a plasma and a cd player wich we used all the time. The bathroom was a little small but it was very clean. This is definetly the hotel to stay if you want to party, have fun and meet young people. If your are planning a family trip, or a quiet and peacefull hotel this is not the place. The staff where all extremely helpfull, not to mention the concierge who helped us make reservations in the BEST night clubs.The view from my room was incredible (the pool).The pool itself is amazing, the music, drinks and service is great.I would stay here again in a minute but only if I'm planning to party, like I said if you are planning to go with your family or are looking for a relaxed time this is not the place. I LOVED STAYING HERE!!!	
Jun 12 2006	People having SEX at the pool - Worst hotel!!!	My husband and I booked three nights at the end of May 2006. As soon as we walked in the lobby and overheard someone complaining at the registration desk that people were openly having sex at the pool, we asked to cancel our reservations. Sorry, need 72 hours notice. We were stuck. The rooms were sub-par to say the least, and we were disgusted to see that handcuffs and sexual aids were on the room service menu. Our room overlooked the pool and we were treated to a view of half naked women parading around the pool, and couples engaging in sex acts right out in the open. It appears this is encouraged by the staff, considering the room service menu. The walls are painfully thin, so we were able to hear the party next door on one side and the couple engaging in very vocal sex on the other side of our room. A couple that we met at the restaurant told us they were denied admittance to the pool because they weren't young swimsuit model-types. And a hotel with a restaurant named &quot;The Pink Taco&quot;? Come on.We left the next day and will never return. Families beware. Stay clear.	
Jun 11 2006	May not stay anywhere else in Vegas!	We have just returned from our 1st stay at the Hard Rock (have been there many times, but never stayed). My husband and I are in our early thirties, and contrary to popular beliefs by other reviewers, still love to party at this age! (To all you lame people in your thirties, sorry, don't come to Vegas) This hotel is the perfect place for having the best time of your lives! We came here to meet some friends at the Rehab party, which was by far the best pool party we have ever been to, and quite possibly, the best party, period! Relax, the party on Monday, was a great way to recooperate from Sunday's Rehab :)The waitress/cocktail staff at the pool were awesome! (especially for as busy as they were!) The DJ's were the best! Our room was great, and very clean. We had no problems with noise, as we were not in the room that much anyway. The front desk staff was very accomodating, as well as the bell staff and valet. Our only complaint was that on the last morning (check out), the front desk called and asked for a credit card to put our charges on. That wasn't the problem, since we were checking out anyway. The problem was, they called at almost 9 A.M. Just a little early in my opinion (it is vegas, and I thought I left one on file)  As for the casino, we didn't play as much as usual, with all the pool partying we were doing. Normally, though, everyone there is great too, and you will usually catch a glimpse of a celeb or two playing blackjack or sitting at the bar. The bartenders are all friendly and talkative, and will usually be glad to help a hangover with a concoction of their own.  Restaurants- Pink Taco is our favorite- it's like a party within a party! Food and drink is awesome there. Mr. Lucky's is good all-american food 24/7. I wasn't so impressed with Nobu, even with all of the hype. We are sushi connoisseurs, and I've had a lot better in local vegas sushi joints.  The shops at the Hard Rock are all great- even if you don't have a lot of money to spend, at least check out the Hard Rock gift shop (don't know the name) for some unique things to bring back to friends.  All in all, we love this place. We have stayed at the Wynn, Treasure Island, Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Aladdin, New York New York, Stratosphere, and even the Sahara. They are all the same if you just want to eat and gamble. If you want a truly unique, rock and roll party experience, stay at the Hard Rock Hotel. We came home and already were looking for excuses to come back to the next Rehab party and the Hard Rock!	
May 12 2006	Party on dudes! (But really it's not that bad.)	The Hard Rock is definitely a party spot. Don't expect a quiet night's sleep (that's what the music channel on your TV is for -- to block out other guests' noise). Do expect tons of attitude from the staff and other revelers (if you look like the SoCal &quot;in&quot; crowd, it'll make it easier.) And forget about using the valet parking -- the traffic flow pattern is awful, and it's quicker to just self-park in the garage then walk into the hotel through the casino.All of that sounds pretty negative, right? But there's a lot to love here. From Muay Thai kickboxing in the spa gym, to the all-night diner Mr. Lucky's that serves great good, to the swim-up blackjack in the gorgeous Polynesian pool area, to Body English nightclub (which really does have a decent DJ), to the super-mod design of the rooms, which have the most outrageous and naughty mini-bar and room service items. Free local calls, too.All in all, given the prices (especially mid-week), it's a good deal for Vegas. And fun! If you don't have a car, plan on taking taxis to/from the Strip, as their shuttle runs short hours.	
May 6 2006	Party Hotel	We stayed here with a bunch of other people for my best friends birthday on the kick off weekend of the Rehab party(Sundays). There was also a popular concert at the Joint going on. It was very busy there that weekend. It didn't start off too well when checking in as they informed me I would be charged 150 a night for incidentals because I was using a debit/credit card. I have stayed at the Four Seasons and Mandarin hotels and never been charged that much for incidentals or had any problems with my card. The rooms are average with a decent bed and flat screen and a nice view. The one horrible thing about the room was that there was very little hot water. I turned the water off and one one morning a few times before getting any water that felt even remotely warm. Room service was great and had excellent food. Casino was my favorite place for gambling. We gambled at Ceasars Palace for several hours and couldn't wait to get back to the Hard Rock casino. We never even got one drink there in 3 hours! The Celine show there was wonderful, but I would only go back to that hotel to see her again. Pink Taco and Luckys both had good food and service. Nothing spectacular, but nothing to complain about.Geared towars YOUNG people and great for people watching. Pool is very nice although I never heard the music under the water? We had a cabana one day and that was really nice with very attentive service . The waitress at Rehab was horrible. They kept our license for our tab and when it was time to go we couldn't find her for an hour. I doubt I would stay there again for the price, but all in all it wasn't too bad. A very cool hotel to stay in for like a 21st bday celebration or a bachelor party. Once you hit 30 or so you might want to stay somewhere else.	
Apr 30 2006 	Great Stay Would stay again	Stayed at the Hard Rock for business meetings. Arrived to check in at 11:30am, no rooms available (check-in is at 3p) so they took my cell. I was in the middle of shopping in the casino shops when they called to tell me my room was ready, about 10 min after I got there...excellent turnaround. The room view was non-existant (of a roof and side of building) but didn't mind since I got checked in early and was there for business. Room is a nice size...roomy with good internet access. Drawback has already been reported many times in previous reviews...the walls are paper thin so if sleeping is a goal this is not the best place. Overall it's a great casino since it's smaller and more intimate. Shopping is good and eating good too...ate both at the steakhouse and the Pink Taco. Room service breakfast was excellent morning of check-out. The constant heaviness of cigarette smoke/smell in both my room and the meeting room really affected me but everywhere you go in Vegas its like living in an ashtray so I don't fault the HardRock for that. I'd stay at the HardRock again to get off the strip and away from the hustle of the bigger casinos. The dealers were upbeat and friendly. Nothing beats playing blackjack with great music playing...the discerning detail of gambling at the HR.	
Apr 27 2006 	Terrible Front Desk: Nobu was great	The Hard Rock hotel has a great collection of rock memorabilia and great atmosphere in the casino. Nobu restaurant has wonderful sushi but is pretty pricey. The serving staff at Nobu's is great. However, the registration front office staff was incredibly rude! We asked what the rating was and they said that they had been open for &quot;11 years , 3 months and 5 days and we do not need a rating.&quot; We asked if they had brochures showing other rooms and they were brusque and not helpful. The hotel staff seemed unhappy and perhaps they are having labor problems. The rooms are ok but not worth the relatively high price for a casino off the strip. We ended up back at the Venetian and had a great time as usual. Bottom Line: Problems with rude hotel staff and there are much better values in Las Vegas but the environment in the casino is worth a second look.	
Apr 16 2006	Never again	We stayed April 13-15, we arrived on the 13th to a room that has no HOT WATER and we had to ASK for another room at first they told us we had to wait for a Plumber to arrive in 45 minutes. Not to mention the view of the a/c unit. We finally got our room switched and we had to go get the new room key.We get to the new room which had no glasses to drink out of and although it was a NONSMOKING floor it stunk of SMOKE and when we told the front desk they basically didnt care. At 230 a.m the 9th floor alarm went off and no one would tell us why. The floor looked dirty in our room as well.We were expecting a package and was asked to be told when it arrived and no one ever contacted us.The upside to this place is their bell desk and concierge. TOP NOTCH SERVICE! THOSE GUYS WERE EXCELLENT! They also offer a free limited shuttle to the strip that if you didnt read the fine print on this little bitty 2 x2 card they give you, you would never even know. If you eat at Mr. Luckys inside order the All American Breakfast and ask for crisy bacon, its pretty good. DONT order the steak and eggs we still arent sure that was even a steak it looked more like a trapper keeper.	
Apr 3 2006	Awesome Customer Service	The purpose of our stay at the Hard Rock was to have my son and his friend attend a concert at the Joint (the hotel's concert hall). It was convenient to have a room at the same facility so that I, as a parent could be close by and the kids and I could come straight up to the room safely.The most impressive part of our stay was the great customer service we received from the staff...from the registration clerk, to the maid &amp; housekeeping services, to the restaurant (Mr. Lucky's), to the hotel gift shop clerks and the bell &amp; transportation services...they were all cordial, helpful, professional and polite...it did not matter that it was obvious that we were not &quot;high-end&quot; clients...they treated us with the same level of service as if we were. We appreciated that.The kids thought the decor was awesome, with the comprehensive rock memorabilia...it was a Rock museum..I had fun looking at all the displays of past to present rock n roll memorabilia. Our room was very clean, the bedding was excellent...the kids loved the big screen tv, the bathroom was quite large and clean. The view out the french door was wonderful. We enjoyed a very peaceful sleep...no noise, which I anticipated from other reviews...The hotel had a wonderful shuttle service, every hour on the hour to two destinations on both ends of the strip...so no need for a car rental. The kids enjoyed the rock concert and the stay at this &quot;cool&quot; place...and I, the mom enjoyed it as well!	
Apr 2 2006	The Hard Rock " Rocks"!!!	Love the hard rock, stayed there more than 6 times, with and without our kids 9 &amp; 14 yrs. we are going back again April 23, 2006. We love it rooms are nice On one occasion we had a crappy room at check in the carpet was wet, we were imediately moved to another room. the pool is awesome, beach shack food is pretty good, I ordered a fruit salad one day and the fruit was rotten, my entire bill was cleared and new food was brought. the waitresses are friendly and accomodating, clean. I love &quot; The Joint&quot; we have seen alot of different concerts the last being Motley crue. the first being Bonnie Raitt with Indigo Gilrs, it was great. can't wait to go back the securty up to the rooms is excellent no one gets in and no one sneaks through. the Rock spa is comparable to reg sp prices and services.Lots to see many celebreties frequently around. Rod Stewart, nicki sixx, vince nell, Jackson Brown, lisa presley..sum 41. can't wait to go back.	
Mar 24 2006	we even decided to get married in Vegas!	Hi,I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel - it's the coolest in Vegas and definitely the best place for celeb spotting! We met Matt Sorum and his girlfriend Ace who were staying at the hotel - both of them were really friendly and stopped for a chat. The drummer from Green Day (sorry, I forgot his name!) stumbled out of one of the great hotel restaurants draped over two blonde girls.. Motley Crue were playing that week (great gig by the way) and Vince Neil and his entourage just wandered past as we were sat at the bar! Its the kind of place where you recognise familiar faces everywhere!The hotel itself if sooooo cool, the other hotels on the strip aren't a patch on it - it's definitely the only one I would stay at in Vegas. If you are worried about it not being on tne strip, the hotel offers a free shuttle, and we actually walked to the strip most days which took about 20mins - it was October and warm, nmot sure if this would be a good idea in the hotter temperatures..?! The concert venue - The Joint - was one of the very best I have ever been in - the atmosphere was fanstastic, great views and because its not so big, you get to see stadium bands up close :o) We stayed near the back (and the bar!) and still had great views of the band. We are from the UK and gigs here tend to get very crowded and everyone gets jostled around - this was not the case at the Joint and we enjoyed the gig even more because of it. The people seenmed too cool for that sort of thing and most hung round in groups just enjoying a few beers and the atmosphere.We took a walk out to the pool which was fantastic, the only thing I would criticise here is that unless you are a size 8, 6ft perfect looking model, you may feel slightly self concious! We enjoyed the margaritas at the poolside bar underneath the waterfall instead!All the staff seemed very friendly - even the security staff were far too cool for their own good!The only thing that I would say is that the corridor decor could probably do with a bit of a re-furb, but thats a small minus!Great hotel, fab city!Enjoy! :o)	
Mar 20 2006	Coolest hotel ever!!!	I stayed at the Hard rock in October. It was definitely a great place....as much as you can expext from a party spot. Check-in was painless...although they did require a 200 dollar deposit on a credit card which I had no clue about. The room....for being a standard room...was absolutely out of this world with the huge plasma TV and the 24 hour live concert channels and the CD player and some interesting merchandise in the mini fridge!! There were a couple spots on the carpet and on the bathroom floor..but honestly...if you are there to party, who cares about those minor details. I booked through Expedia...so obviously I was given a mountain view...but you still get a pretty cool view I thought. You can see the strip club right across the street. The pool was sweet....a great place to drink, party, hang out, play blackjack...whatever you wanna do. At night, the whole place turns into a big party scene...there's people hanging out at the center bar, playing roulette....its awesome. I didn't make it to the Body English, but I've heard great things about it...and its true that its hard to get in if you show up with a big group of guys, but thats true of any good club in vegas....and quite frankly I am glad its that way.I've read some reviews about the service not being good and the staff being snobby and although I don't know what these people had to go through...I didn't see that at all. I thought everyone was way nice and friendly and pretty laid back. I am definitely staying there again next time I go to Vegas...not even gonna think twice about it.	
Mar 20 2006	Hotel management? Get on the ball...	The Hard Rock Hotel used to be a sanctuary from the strip. Light and breezy rooms, a hipper and more laid back clientele and and a break from the stuffiness afforded by the more mature Strip casinos. However, that has now given way to absolute anarchy on the part of the guests and seeming indifference on behalf of the hotel management. I've stayed here at least a half a dozen times over the past 8 or so years and have seen a slow decline both in the decor (time for a major update guys) and the manner in which the hotel is operated. First, yes, this is a &quot;party&quot; hotel and draws a much younger crowd on average but get some security on the hotel room floors guys. There's no reason, and its unacceptable, that people can host loud parties in their rooms that spill in to the hallways at 4 am. Also, we asked for a non-smoking room only to have pillows that clearly came from a smoking room. We also had zero maid service (we left our room at 9am, came back at 2 pm and then left again at 4 pm ultimately returning past midnight) in our two night stay. I loved the casualness of this hotel but this experience has permanently turned me off from staying here in the future.	
Mar 11 2006	Pretty good experience at HRH	Got to hotel by courtesy shuttle around 1 in the afternoon. Took a bit to check in because we didn't have the credit card we reserved room with to put a $100 deposit for it. We had it in cash, but they had to have it on credit card. Finally got checked in after making a call to parents. The room was wonderful, very clean. Loved the plasma tv. The bathroom was nothing special. Had a view of pool and strip. It was cool at night how the outside lights change in waves. We had our doors open for a little bit, but it got cold and breezy(plus we could smell the yummy food from the first floor.)My friend and sister got a slot card and there was a coupon for a free shot glass with a $15 purchase, but they said the clerk in the HARD ROCK STORE just gave them the shot glass without making them buy anything. So, when I go in store I got a cranky who got all snotty and said I had to buy something. I tried explaining that my friend and sister didn't have to buy anything, but she insisted I had to buy something. I refused, and walked out. The cocktail waitresses were always asking if we wanted something to drink while playing slots. Ate dinner at Mr Lucky's 24/7. Very good.	
Mar 9 2006	Decent Hotel	We stayed here for Thanksgiving Weekend - The hotel was fine. The main problem was that the windows kept opening up - It was really windy. The rooms were clean but the comforters looked worn out. I think this is a perfect hotel for the younger crowd.	
Mar 3 2006	Way OVERRATED	The Hard Rock used to be such a nice spot. They were off the strip, but still a great place to go for the weekend. I used to have a hostess there who made sure I never had a problem in the world. My last trip was a nightmare. I called my hostess only to find out she had left the Hotel earlier that week. I was given another hostess and assured I would have no problems. The booked me my room but only comped me one night this time. Explained that things were getting more expensive. (I had been comped every other trip for my entire stay due to my play in the casino.) Upon arrival they said that my reservation for a Pool View room was changed to a mountain view due to excess demand. (Another slap in the face.) On top of that I needed to wait an hour or so as they were still cleaning my room. (It was 6:00pm.) When I called my hostess to complain she never go tback to me. When I checked out they said I was comped one night already and my play did not rate for any other nights. I have since been back to Las Vegas three times. While I am not a heacy hitter, I have been comped my rooms, meals, and services at the Venetian and Mandalay for the same level of play. Hard Rock is getting pretty full of itself. They used to be a great place for people to go. Now it is a snobby 20 year old's dream hotel. Why not just stay at The Palms then.	
Feb 27 2006	Another experience not so good	OK Let me start with it is so true about the people who work at the Hard Rock - they act snoobby or like they just don't want to be at work. Nobody says good luck at the cashiers. The waitstaff in Mr. Lucky's was a tall rude man. The food is always great at Lucky's and Pink taco is great too. I has a dirty martini a SIMON its yummy but pricey as well. The sushi at NOBU was fabulous and I thought somewhat reasonably priced. We were upgraded to a luxury suite when we arrived to our room. I went to take a shower, the box of soap that it comes in when I opened it had a wet used bar of soap that the maids had left in there. I felt this was disgusting. When I called the front desk to report the probelm they offered to move again. But refused to do anything for us as far as any credit for food or off our stay. I think The Hard Rock Hotel has some issues they clearly need to address with their Maid staff because whoever is managing this housekeeping department should be fired. I stay here once a year in November and sometimes December as they have pretty good rates on Sundays. I wil return again but I am hoping that we can get some people who have nice personalities. Example the young dark haired girl who works in Cuba Libra in the mornings on Sundays is kind, helpful and friendly. The rest of the staff could take a lesson from her.	
Feb 17 2006	Good Experience!!	This is a party hotel! as soon as you walk in, you can sense that atmosphere.. Is not as snotty as other places so i really felt comfortable in this hotel! It is definitely a younger crowd, so if you're over 30 something you might not like this place much; also if you dont really like the party atmosphere, well you wont like it either!.. pink taco was real good and mr luckys as well! Also i had a great time at Body English! we even got some free drink tickets by one of the promoters of the club and even got escorted to the front door of the club by one of the bouncers!! I will definitely go back again!Everyone was very nice and helpful; check in was quick too..The room was very nice and clean and modern! Love the plasma! and the cd player on the room!!	
Feb 15 2006	Hate The Hardrock	The Hardrock was horrible. My husband and I went to vegas for a wedding and thought if would be fun to stay at the Hardrock. The room was O.K. but there were stains on the bedding, blinds that would not open. The halls were loud at night, since this is obvibously a party hotel.They charged my credit card over $800.00 after we had checked out of an absolutely spotless room for damages. It took us two months to dispute and get a portion of the money back. MAKE SURE IF YOU STAY AT THE $$HARDROCK YOU TELL THEM ANYTHING WRONG WITH YOUR ROOM OR YOU WILL PAY.	
Feb 14 2006	Not all that!	I have been to Vegas several times and decided to try the Hard Rock Hotel my last visit. I was not impressed at all! Being 27 years old I heard it was the place to go. It may be the place to go if you like to see people who don't have any money. I have never seen more low class kids than this place. I mean come one, have some class. The whole atmosphere seemed like an MTV dance party gone terribly wrong. There were loud and obnoxious rock star wanabbes all over the place. It seemed to me that there were more hookers in this place than the whole city of Las Vegas combined. The rooms were clearly in need of some updating. There were stains on the carpet's, the bathroom was dirty, and the sheets looked way past their prime. I did like the decor of the hotel though, especially the casino floor. Many of the dealers had crazy attitude's though. Like they were something special. How can you act like you are all that if you are a dealer at a casino??? Get a life! I will never stay at the Hard Rock again.	
Feb 12 2006	Experience Was Bad...Except For The Pool	I had heard so much about The Hard Rock Hotel that I was really excited to stay there! My excitement quickly dwindled as soon as I entered the hotel lobby.It was a bright, sunny afternoon -- about 3:00 p.m. -- and the interior of the lobby was dark. I guess that The Hard Rock likes the &quot;dark&quot; look. At night, I think 'dark' can be cool...but it feels sort of vampire-like when it's sunny and gorgeous outside during the middle of the day. The Hard Rock, as you might expect, plays loud rock music. That's OK, except when you need to communicate with someone...like the front desk personnel.Speaking of, there was a long line at check-in...and it moved slowly. When I finally got the counter, I was surprised that I was not greeting warmly or with a half-smile. The front desk representative seemed like she would rather have been anywhere else rather than doing what she was doing. That's a turn-off. I asked a question, and she seemed annoyed to have to answer it. I knew at that moment that the stay might be problematic.The room was fine. It looked somewhat &quot;worn,&quot; as the hotel is obviously constantly busy with lots of young partiers. I ate in the more casual, cofee shop-style restaurant for a late dinner one night. The food was TERRIBLE. I was shocked at how bad the food (and service) was. Wow.The one good thing that The Hard Rock has going for it: The pool. Well, not specifically the pool...but rather the people at the pool. In short, I saw the **best-looking** men and women I have ever seen in my entire life at The Hard Rock's pool wearing, of course, close to nothing. It's a surreal experience. You feel like you've walked into a photo shoot for some glamorous magazine. On future visits to Vegas, I will *not* stay at The Hard Rock again. The overall experience was very poor. (But I will try to visit their pool again!)	
Feb 8 2006	Never again!	After we booked our rooms for the Hard Rock my wife noticed a lot of negative reviews. I tried to change our reservation but it was too late so we decided to make the most of it. We arrived and things went good we checked in to our room and it was a standard room with a mountain view. Room was nice with a 42&quot; plasma. After about an hour someone opened our door and walked in while we were getting ready. Didnt think too much of it (its Vegas) within the next 20 minutes another couple walked in saying they just arrived and they gave them the same room. I called the desk and they moved us to a luxury suite, we arrived there and they were still cleaning the room. We decided to wait and I went in to the restroon and one of the maids were doing a #2 in the bathroom. So the Bellman called the front desk and they moved us to the 3rd room within the first two hours there. We got to the 3rd room and it was ok for a &quot;luxury suite&quot; no plasma tv! We opened the french balcony doors and someone had puked all over the railing and floor. We called the desk but nothing was ever done about it. They did end up giving us a 100.00 credit to use for food. While checking out we noticed they had tried to charge us for Movies, Phones etc. We did not use anything. The highlight of the Hotel is the Pink Taco and Luckys 24/7 Resturant. Pink Taco has 2-1 drinks and 1/2 price appetizers. Which were excellent.	
Feb 7 2006 	MUCH IMPROVED	The HRH has done nothing but improved. My first stay was terrible from check-in to service at Mr. Lucky's. Since I travel for my job, I felt a letter of complaint was in order. I received a letter from the owner apologizing and offering me free room and dinner.(Could not accept, due to my position). The following year went for business, again being held at the hotel, and the improvements were wonderful. We have stayed every year since on business and pleasure. We love the music, people, atmosphere. And security is great, I was approached by an individual, and I called security, the came and the person left immediately. Funny thing, I'm in my 50s and my son is in his late 20s - he didn't care for it - liked the displays, but not the loud music!!!! Try the Chicken Noodle Soup at Mr. Lucky's it is the BEST. Just and FYI - I'm not a high roller, nor do I have a large bank account - but they treat me as though I am. Great JOB to the Owner and Staff Members.	
Jan 25 2006 	Gotta love the Hard Rock.	Granted, I usually stay at the Hard Rock mid-week for business so I rarely spend more than $120 for my room. I always find it to be a good value. The rooms are stylish and spacious. The staff is good. There is an abundance of nice restaurants and the hotel is so easy to get in and out of. Request a strip view room.	
Jan 21 2006	Less-than-perfect...	We stayed at this hotel during the Christmas season and found nothing to brag about. We asked for early check-in when we made the reservations and they told us that they could not &quot;promise&quot; anything but would note our request. We arrived at the hotel at 8:30am and didn't expect to get a room at that hour but wanted to check-in and get the paperwork done. They said that we were the first to arrive that day so they thought that it would be just a few hours. They took my cell # and would contact us as soon as something was available. At 3:00pm they contacted us to say that nothing yet was available and did we still want to wait. I told them that it was hard to believe that, but yes we still wanted to wait. (I was somewhat stern). About 5 min. later they called to say that a room had just become available (what do you know?) Room was nothing special, view of the airport, etc. Restaurant service was terrible. Food was just ok. With as many hotels in this city, I will look elsewhere next time.	
Jan 20 2006	Not Worth the Money Anymore	My most recent stay at the Hard Rock Hotel was in January of 2006, though I had stayed there nearly 6 years earlier. My first impression of the rooms during my most recent stay was that they are really REALLY starting to look run down. The linens and beds are still great, but the bathrooms are nothing better than you get at a 2-star hotel and they are starting to show wear as well.One of the best things about the Hard Rock used to be the pricing, but for the cost I paid on my most recent trip (out of fond memories and loyalty) I could have gotten a small suite on the Strip. One gets the feeling they have given up on trying to attract any real spenders in the hotel and have settled on attracting MTV Real World fans in their early twenties.The restaurants (most notably Mr. Lucky's and the Pink Taco) are still great and the gambling can be pretty good during the day, but for my money I'll be staying on the Strip from now on.	
Jan 17 2006	Great Stay At The Hard Rock!	We have been to Vegas several times and have stayed at a different hotel each time. This visit was a short one night stay as we were only driving through Vegas. The check-in was quick and easy. We got to our room quickly (after parking in their parkade). The pool closed quite early that night (6pm) but I think it might have been slightly earlier than normal because they were doing some sort of re-tiling work on it later in the evening. The restaurants are great! (Mr. Lucky's 24/7 and Pink Taco in the hotel, and the Hard Rock Cafe on site, but not actually in the hotel) and we loved the loud music playing all over the hotel! This hotel is off the strip, so if you have seen and done everything on the strip and want a break from it, this is a great place to stay. It takes about 25 minutes to walk to the strip, or the hotel has a shuttle, or there are always lots of taxis available.The room was awesome! It is a slightly above average sized room for Vegas. We had a room with a pool view. The beds were very comfortable and the Bose stereo, big screen plasma TV, and stocked mini-bar were great extras! It was nice that the shower and toilet were separate from the sink and mirror. The only complaint I would have was that the bathroom floor didn't seem completely clean. There were spots on the tile (what looked like water spots from people getting out of the shower), but it wasn't a big deal as we were only there for a night and I always lay down towels anyway.The pool was the part of the hotel that I was most excited about so we tried it the next morning. It was wonderful! There was plenty of loungers on either sand beach areas or tiled areas. The &quot;sand&quot; however is more like rocks (I guess to keep it at the edges of the pool and not in the filters) and really hurt my feet so I had to keep sandals on when I walked on it. There are waitresses who will bring you drinks and food. The cabanas looked great with chairs, a fan and fridge and music, but we didn't rent one because we were only there for a quick visit. There is one area in the pool that is very shallow, like a lap pool so you can sit in the water to keep cool, but still be in the sun! There is even swim-up blackjack but it wasn't open as early as we were at the pool.This hotel is a great place to stay if you want to be away from the strip in Vegas. If you want a fun hotel with great staff, awesome music, and a lively atmosphere the Hard Rock is for you!	
Jan 4 2006	Fantastic stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas!!	After reading horrible reviews from a few sites, I was rather disillusioned about booking my stay at the HRH in Las Vegas and was really expecting the worst. Was I mistaken! The HRH from the moment I walked in was a fabulous experience. I had also heard that if you are over 25 you are ignored. Not so! Starting with the doorman that greated me warmly as I walked in and the gentleman at check-in could not have been more polite and accomodating. We got to our room on the 10th floor and were amazed by how spacious and modern our room was (a bargain at $79/night!) There were French doors that opened to let in fresh air and a large plasma tv on the wall that my husband was quite impressed with. The bathroom is small, but aren't most? It was quiet, but I would have to expect that come Spring Break and Summer vacation, it may become a little rowdy. We could not hear the neighbors on either side of us and never heard a door slam or talking in the hallways like you do at some of the larger hotels. The restaurants are fun (Mr. Lucky's, Pink Taco) although service can be a bit slow. Starbucks was a welcome sight in the morning and no lines! The strip is just a short ride away and we parked at Excalibur one day and TI the next, knowing that they are both easy parking lots to access. We went everywhere we wanted to and it was nice to return to the coziness, not to mention fun of the Hard Rock Hotel. While I was playing the slots my last night there, a casino worker offered to get me a frequent player card. She took my ID and was back in less than 10 minutes with my club card. Great service! I prefer the small hotel experience to what the behemoths on the strip have to offer. We have stayed at many in the past that are impersonal and overpriced, not to mention having to walk a mile to get to the outside (MGM, TI). We would gladly stay at HRH again and will recommend to any and all that are planning a visit to Las Vegas.	
Dec 16 2005 	Armpit of Las Vegas	Without a doubt, this is the worst hotel experience of my life. From a hooker ringing my phone at 3:30 a.m. before a 9 a.m. business meeting (thanks to a dyslexic hotel operator), to the all-night frat party next door, to a TV and Internet connection that didn't work properly, I can't understand why anyone stays here at all!	
Nov 28 2005	Why All the Fuss?	Having just returned from the Hard Rock Hotel for Thanksgiving weekend, I'm a little surprised at all the negative feedback I've been reading here. I've always enjoyed my visits to the Hard Rock but this was the first time I actually stayed at the hotel. Let me attempt to clear up some of the complaints. The unfortunate thing about these reviews is that a hotel can be unfairly criticized for issues that are out of its control. Vegas is a tremendously popular destination, especially on weekends. As a result, there will be lines at check in, waits at restaurants, etc. Also, stop complaining about the casino taking your money, because you lost your shirt has nothing to do with the quality of the hotel. My check-in just happened to be quick and pain free, but yes, the $5 resort fee is ridiculous and unnecessary. I've read many complaints about the rooms, most of which I found to be blown out of proportion. Our room was equipped with a flat screen tv, Bose Wave radio w/ cd player, digital safe, iron &amp; ironing board, &amp; web capabilities. There were various cd's in the room to listen to and rock n' roll photos throughout. The best feature in the room was the window/door that actually opened up to the outside. I know of no other major Vegas property that has fresh air access. One reviewer complained that the alarm clock was bolted down and that it somehow cheapened the feeling of the hotel. The 'alarm clock' in question was actually a $300 Bose Wave Radio so you can understand why they might bolt it down. The water pressure in the shower was poor but otherwise it was a clean, comfortable room. I think a lot of people who don't regularly travel to Vegas need to understand that it's only been in the last decade that the hotels have been creating standard rooms with luxury in mind. In the past, the idea in Vegas was the more time people are in the rooms the less time they'd be spending in the casinos, shops, restaurants, etc so they never put much emphasis on amenities. As the high end casinos become more and more competitive, they've had to seriously upgrade the quality of the rooms to keep their clients coming back. Unfortunately, the Hard Rock was completed just prior to the onset of this change in philosophy. Nonetheless, this is still one of my favorite Vegas properties. It is small and manageable and I fit right in with the target demographic (under 35, single, rock n' roll fan). I had another enjoyable weekend there and I will continue to make the Hard Rock a fixture on my future Vegas visits.	
Nov 13 2005	Warning: The Pool is CLOSED Nov.-March	We just returned from a stay at the Hard Rock Hotel and were very disappointed. We chose to stay there because of the fantastic pool, only to learn AFTER check-in that the pool is CLOSED mid-November through March. No one told us this when making the reservation, on the website or at check in. I don't believe the rate was reduced to reflect this major drawback. We were able to sit out by the pool, but there was no drink service, music, restrooms. Swimming was &quot;prohibited.&quot; This was especially disappointing since the weather was beautiful -- sunny and in the 70's. Several other guests we spoke to expressed the same disappointment, having also chosen the Hard Rock Hotel specifically for the pool.In spite of the the pool closure, they still wanted to charge us a $5 per day &quot;resort fee.&quot; C'mon, Hard Rock. You can't be serious!We checked into the Wynn for the remaining 2 nights and enjoyed the gorgeous pools all day long.	
Oct 31 2005	My loyalty is dwindling...	I've been staying at the Hard Rock since it opened 10 years ago. In the last few years, I've stayed there 2-3 times per year. I was at the 10 year anniversary weekend. Whenever someone asks me where I stay in Vegas, I enthusiastically say &quot;The Rock!&quot; But my enthusiasm is starting to wane.With the exception of a few select hotels in this world, most hotels have problems in one form or another. So my expectations are not unrealistic. And as a result, I've overlooked a few incidents I've had at the Rock over the years (such as the time we checked into our room and found food beneath the sheets). Because in general, the staff is friendly and responsive. And it's just a cool place to be.But problems are definitely starting to surface. The rooms are starting to look a bit worn down (and some of them have a very strange scent). I don't appreciate being told that there are no tables available at Body English one month in advance, while also being told that they don't reserve tables more than a week in advance. It also bothers me that I get no preferential treatment whatsoever when I know that I stay there more often than 95% of their guests and regularly spend $1000+ in the casino in a night. Each visit feels like the first time.And their website -----.But I do love the restaurants - Nobu is one of my favorites. I love AJ's - I've eaten there multiple times and have never had anything close to the bad experience described in another review on this site. I also like the Rock Spa and Brannon Salon. And the casino is one of my favorites in Vegas because it doesn't feel like you're gambling with 10,000 of your closest friends (or their kids). I've also always liked the Rock's location off the Strip, which creates an atmosphere that attracts more locals and young people from the Southwest, and less tourists or kids.So while I haven't officially written this off as my Vegas hotel of choice yet, I am shopping around for other options (and the Palms is not a viable option...don't get me started on that...). To start, I'm checking out THEHotel in a couple weeks. And I'm looking forward to the W Hotel that is supposed to open across the street from the Rock in a couple years. Bottomline - the Rock is no longer the only game in town when it comes to the young, hip crowd that is increasingly using Vegas as a weekend playground. The sooner they wake up to it, the better - afterall, this is the city that is constantly reinventing itself.	
Oct 31 2005	Great staff awesome music	My husband and I decided to stay at this hotel when we lucked onto a very good online deal through the hotel's web site. For $89 per night, it was worth every penny. The room was a good size, with the comfy bed, flatscreen TV, and French doors that opened being nice touches. The bathroom was a little small, but the shampoo and conditioner were good. We only had very minor problems -- no &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign, very slow shower drain, shampoo and conditioner not replaced -- that we didn't find worthy of complaining about to management.Every staff member we encountered -- waitresses, front desk personnel, dealers -- were all very friendly and helpful. The common areas of the hotel look cool, the guests are all pretty young, and they play great music throughout the hotel. It's nice the hotel isn't huge because it wasn't too crowded. One caveat is that you have to have a car if you stay here -- it's way too far to walk to the strip and the shuttle only runs once an hour and stops at 7 p.m. We didn't play in the casino much because the blackjack rules favored the house a little too much for our tastes. The six deck games are no surrender, dealer hits soft 17, and most of the tables had continuous shufflings machines, which seemed to malfunction a lot. I was disappointed by the rules because the dealers, pit bosses and the great music made playing there fun.	
Oct 24 2005	The Hard Rock has gone downhill fast - STAY AWAY	The following is a copy of a letter I sent to the HRH after I received an email requesting a review of my stay. After the letter I have some additional info that you should read.Dear Mr Morton,Thank you for asking for my comments about my stay. I would like you to know that I travel frequently, I have visited over 20 countries, and I spend 20-30 days a year in hotels with three trips a year to Las Vegas and that this was my second stay at your establishment.I will tell you about my stay as events occurred chronologically. For starters, your online hotel reservations system is buggy. I made a reservation and for some reason it was automatically cancelled and re-reserved. I had to call to confirm my reservation. Also, I do not know why you do not include the $5 “resort fee” into the cost of the room. Am I going to be nickel and dimed at every turn? Is there an option of not paying the “resort fee”? If so, why was I not notified? What’s next, a bathroom fee? You could raise more revenue by requiring guests to place a quarter in the bathroom door. Is this a classy resort or a cheap motel?Upon arriving, the check-in line was short and I was able to get to a representative within 10 minutes of standing in line. The representative was professional, kind and courteous. Upon arriving in my room, I noticed that the carpet was still wet. While I appreciate that you shampoo your carpets, I feel you should wait until they dry before renting them out. It was somewhat uncomfortable to walk on it with bare feet. The carpet was a very cheap looking green/yellow and not the deep purple I remember from my last visit, but I suppose this is just a matter of taste - some people like the color of vomit.The bathroom was tiny, there was mold in the shower, the bar holding the curtain was rusted, the bowl was stained and the sink drained very, very slowly. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room and restocking towels and other supplies. I appreciate that there is a free room safe. I was impressed by the large flat screen TV in the room. One peculiarity of the TV is that once it was turned on, it became progressively louder and louder and the remote did not control the volume until it became uncomfortably loud. Also, reception on many channels was poor. Maybe you should include some aluminum foil and rabbit ear antenna so we can get better reception. My impression kept diminishing as I noticed that the alarm clock was bolted down. Do you really think we’re going to steal the alarm clock? I cannot remember the last time I stayed at a hotel that bolted things down to prevent them from being stolen. I’m starting to get the feel that this place is more of a cheap motel. I thought it was great that you have a refrigerator in the room, but I didn’t realize that it was sensors and that if you touch anything in there, you will get charged for it even if you put it right back. I know you don’t have a poker room even though on my last stay more than a year ago I was informed that a poker room was planned. This is understandable because poker is not very popular and no one likes to play (sarcasm intended). When I called the front desk to ask about the nearest casino with a poker room, I was misinformed that Terrible’s has one. I eagerly went there and found out that I was lied to and that they do not have a poker room. The next day at the pool was another disaster. At every hotel I have stayed at in every country in the world I was able to order drinks and food by the pool by just mentioning my room number and my last name. Not at your classy joint. There I was told that I would need either my ID or cash to purchase drinks. So, back to the room it was. Later, at about 4:15 I decided to order some food but the pool waitress informed me that the kitchen is closed. I’m sure you’ve done your accounting, but I was surprised that the kitchen would close so early considering the sun is still out until after 7pm this time of year. Oh well, your loss – I spent my money elsewhere.To top everything off, I clicked on the survey in this email and after I submitted it, I got a bunch of gibberish. Considering all else, this came as no surprise.As I mentioned earlier, I have visited Las Vegas many times and I have stayed at the Flamingo, Bally’s, Excalibur, Aladdin, Mirage, MGM, Stardust, Sahara, the Las Vegas Hilton and of course, the Hard Rock. I would recommend many of the hotels on this list, but certainly not yours. I’ll stay at the Palms next time.You can contact me if you need any clarifiacation.Sincerely,DELETED*****In my letter I forgot to mention that the ice machine on my floor did not work. After sending this letter, they were kind enough to mail me a form letter addressing a few of my concerns. It was clearly a cut-and-paste job they send to everyone who complains. One month after my stay I noticed that my credit card was charged again for one night. I called and the accounting department had no record of my card being charged again. I had to fax them a copy of my statement before the charges were reversed.	
Oct 19 2005	My Favorite Hotel in Vegas	My husband and I go to Vegas every year for a 3-4 day getaway. Each year we try to stay at the Hard Rock. We don't always make our reservations soon enough. This year we waited too long and could not get a reservation. We stayed at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and loved it but we did miss the Hard Rock. The Hard Rock has great rooms, especially if you upgrade your room. The restaurants onsite are all good and some of them are great. The casino is not so huge that you need a cell phone to find your friends. The music is always great and the other guests are usually pretty cool. Each year we discuss if we want to try another hotel. We always decide to go back to the Hard Rock. This year we had to stay somewhere else and it was very nice but I look forward to next year and will try to make my reservation sooner. If you like huge, sprawling casinos, like the MGM, then this is not for you. We enjoy going out and seeing the sights but then coming back to the relatively small Hard Rock.	
Oct 12 2005	Not worth it	We stayed at the Hard Rock the weekend of October 7th, for a Friday and Saturday night. We chose the hotel because we love the music, and were there to see concerts on both Friday and Saturday night.At check-in we knew we were in trouble. The 20-year old clerk was very unprofessional and treated us like this was our first visit to ANY hotel.We had made reservations with another couple (to have adjoining rooms), but they had checked in earlier that day. When we checked in, not only were we not adjoining, but we were on another floor, and got 2 queen beds instead of the King we had requested.The room was very mediocre, slightly dingy, and the only partially redeeming factor was the 42&quot;&quot; plasma--which is the only reason our room could've been $399/night.The pool was great, but hardly worth putting up with the attitude of the waitstaff who could care less whether you stayed there or not.The Pink Taco restaurant was good when we finally ate there. On Friday night there was a 50 minute wait, and you had to leave your credit card at the front to reserve your table. (all for Mexican food????)Do not stay here if you want any kind of customer service or respect, because it does not exist at the Hard Rock Hotel.	
Oct 6 2005	OK but not as good as I hoped.	I am a huge Hard Rock fan and wanted to stay at the hotel. First the good :Pool is fantastic - underwater music, slides, beach etc. Hotel is much smaller than 'strip'hotels which means walk is much less to car park.Music obviously - it is everywhere. Now the bad : Location - too far from the strip to walk - courtesy bus finishes at 7pm. Taxi is $8 each way. Ad hoc charges - $5 resort fee (for nothing - Hard Rock I expect the room to be good in Vegas so dont come that)Charged $10 for a crib!!!Charged to make 1800 calls from roomHard Rock Cafe was built around 'Love All Serve All' and 'Take Time to Be Kind' mottos. Sorry Mr Morton but you are trying to rip people off. When the Hard Rock Cafe moves to the strip next year, I think this hotel will struggle. My advice - you are better in a strip hotel - even on arrival date I could get better deals in Aladdin and TI than rate I paid for Hard Rock.	
Oct 4 2005	worst restaurant service	We just got back from a weekend in Las Vegas. It was a friends 40thbirthday and she wanted to stay at the Hardrock. We surprised herwith a birthday weekend there and what a dissappointment. We have all been there before and loved it but this trip was a HUGE dissappointment.Both mornings the breakfast at lucky's was bad. Food was cold, bacon waslimp, butter wouldn't even melt on the pancakes. Both days we had to return our meals to be redone. Maybe they think that since Vegas involveslittle sleep and lots of cocktails that come breakfast you won't know the difference...but, trust me on this one we did. The computers in the entire hotel crashed so after waiting 15 minutes to geta cocktail at the Circle bar we were told it was cash only...maybe this wasout of their control but, none the less annoying as we didn't want toaccumulate a lot of room charges nor were we carrying excess cash.We made dinner reservations at Aj's at 9:45pm Sat night for the birthdaygirl. We were told that if we came a few minutes early we possibly couldbe seated early. We arrived at 9:30 and were not seated until 10:15 pm.We ordered lobster immediately because we were starving. I asked the waiter if my lemon drop would be arriving soon and he said it will now...I forgot.. but it will be free. OK free cocktail. I would prefer it the old fashion way, place an order and get great service..well not here. By 11:pm and not even a dinner salad in sight 45 minutes after placing our order and 1 hr 15 min after our reservation time. I went up to the hostess to inquire where our dinner was and why we couldn't even score a salad and that we were upset. She came back to our table to inform us that unfortunately our order never made it via the computer system to the Kitchen or via what I believe the waiter (just as with my lemon drop) forgot.So at 11pm we were told that the kitchen would jump on it and food wouldbe out soon..blah blah blah sorry but it would be free. Ok at this pointyes it is expected to be free. If they didn't offer to comp our meal we would have left. We said ok what else can you do? Go to Lucky's forcold pancakes and limp bacon and Nobu didn't have a reservation fromearlier investigation until 11:30pm..but in retrospect we should have rechecked on Nobu.Our dinner finally arrived with a different restaurant personnel bringing each dish as if the fanfare would make up for the wait. I did like the lobster found it to be quite tasty but, the other girls did not care for the food at all. Then for dessert came the bill! We argued with them that they said dinner would be complimentary and now they said they couldn't do that. It was a pathetic experience. If it wasn't for the fact that the birthday girl was at the table I would have walked and let them chase me down for the money. We got into a long debate with the waiter who exchanged profanities at the table in regards to bad business at the hotel and was worried what would happen to him if we pressed it with the management. I finally got tired of listening to his sob story and in complete frustration I requested the check so we could end this crappy night at Aj's. He took the creamed spinach off..whoa thats gratuitous...and $100 later at the stroke of midnight we were out. In retrospect, birthday girl or not and waiter woes or not we should havepressed the issue further with management that they didn't comp the meal as they had offered. I intend to forward a formal complaint to the restaurant and hotel front desk as well as to Emeril Lagasse as it is his establishment.We will be hardpressed to stay at the Hard Rock again.PS.......did I forgot to mention they forgot her birthday cake too!!I read someone else's review and had to laugh..motel 6 with a guitar!!	
Sep 27 2005	Pool Closes At 4PM	I generally liked the room, the pool and the Hotel public areas which are of a good quality, although being located away from the strip is a negative factor. The clientel is also a nicer younger crowd than in other hotels in Las VegasHowever, ALL the staff are rude and unhelpful. When you ask for the manager they hang up the phone or keep you waiting half an hour. They do not even attempt to solve your problem. Check in is at 5pm whereas check out is at 11am! (why does it take them so much longer to clean the rooms than in Europe?)The pool is rented for Private Parties EVERY evening/night, which means that it effectively closes at 4pm, when staff start to move you all to one end of the pool and then remove all sun beds and generally hassle you so that you leave. This can lead to confrontations between staff and guests that refuse to leave so early!There are hidden charges for everything! A resort charge of $5 /day is automatically added to your bill and it costs more than $20 to use the gym.Guests are secondary citizens in this Hotel as they obviously make more money from the private parties,events and casino and dont really care whether you enjoy your stay or not.One other negative point is the noise from the corridor leading to the bedrooms which can be heard clearly inside your room	
Sep 17 2005	Very disappointed in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino	I visit Las Vegas many times a year and I usually like to stay on the Strip. But this visit my friend and I decided to change it up and stay and the Hard Rock. We felt it would be a fun place to stay and be with others in our own age group. After check-in we ask the front desk about putting our name, as guest of the hotel, on the list for Body English. She told us to speak with the concierge. We did. He said a host would be calling us in our room. We did receive a call and he informed us our names were on “the list” for Saturday and Sunday nights. Saturday night we were too exhausted to go out, but Sunday night we made it down there. We approached security and told him we were on the list and where did we need to go. He said, “We should go to the bar, get a drink and stand in this huge line of others who were on “the list”. We got drinks and stood in line. As we stood there for 1 ½ hours, we watched and listened to security tell people that the club was locked down, it was full to capacity and they weren’t letting anybody in. During that 1 ½ we must have seen him and some of the hosts let in approximately 200 people. These people would come up and say they knew this person or that person. Next thing you know, they are going in with many others in their group. As you can imagine, this was very disconcerting to us. We then decided not to wait any longer and we went back to our room. I am sure had we given any one of the security officers some money would have been allowed in, as we saw this going on also. In addition to the fiasco at Body English, Saturday afternoon I was retuning to the pool from my room and one of the security officers, was very rude to me, as I was entering the pool area. As I was walking back to my chair at the pool, I stopped another security officer to talk to him about this officers horrible behavior. He claimed he was the “security manager”. I tried to tell him what happened, he was very disinterested and not any more pleasant than the first one. Not only is the security staff dreadful, but many of the bartenders and the waitress are also, especially at the pool. Friday afternoon we were in the pool, I asked four different members of the staff if they would get a waitress for us. We probably waited 2 –3 hours when one finally came by. And then she was extremely rude to us once we did order. And it wasn’t just my friend and I that had trouble with the staff, we heard many other guests complain about some of these same issues. In the guest rooms the beds are very comfortable and very nice. But our sink and tub had an awful drainage problem. The tub took probably 30 – 40 minutes to drain. Luckily there were only two of us. It would have been a horrible scene had we had more people staying in the room with us. I would think the Hard Rock would want their staff to provide good service to the guests. I would imagine they would want return guests and them to tell others how wonderful their stay was. I was absolutely amazed at the dreadful treatment my friend and I received during our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel. I sent a letter to Peter Morton at the Hard Rock and I did receive a phone call from one of his Vice President's. We discussed the situation for a few minutes and he offered a complimentary stay. I told him why would I want to do that!!!!! I told him I would discuss his offer with my friend and see what she thought, since it wasn't just my weekend that was ruined. He said, okay, and to call him back. I called back and left him a message. I never heard back from him. I then sent him a letter and still haven't heard back. Horrible service all the way!!!!	
Aug 26 2005	Nice but over rated	March 2005My wife and kids stayed here for 2 nights. It is a very nice hotel but not worth the exorbitant price. For one thing, it is to far from the strip. You can find better hotels at a better price on the strip.The casino is nothing special but the swimming pool is excellent. The room had a 42&quot; plasma TV which was nice but we did not spend much time in the room.We booked this hotel at the last minute and it was the nicest we could find at the time. Next time, we will book further ahead and stay on the strip.	
Aug 26 2005	The Hard Rock Rocks!	Having visited Vegas numerous times in the past &amp; had my hotel rooms paid for by my employer, I didn't quite care where I stayed, but each visit I made it a point to cross Koval Lane &amp; check out the Hard Rock. I did all my gambling there &amp; ate at Mr. Lucky's &amp; Pink Taco. I even made it out to the pool to take a look-which I'm not sure how I managed to gain access to at the time, not having a room key, which they checked each time on my recent visit-The pool is amazing, &amp; it was the reason I choose to book a room here on my vacation to Vegas.From 9am until 6pm I would just lay out in the sun by the pool &amp; order a Corona or dive in once I got too hot. The eye candy at the pool is truely amazing! Hot girls everywhere! It was like Spring Break in Cancun! And don't think that the pool is just someplace for celebrities &amp; models under 30, there was a wide array of different people hanging out at the pool when I was there. Families even, with kids. As long as you don't mind loud Rock music-which you can even hear underwater in a certain area of the pool-and feel comfortable in a Rock N' Roll, laid back atmosphere, then you'll fit in just fine at the Hard Rock. I for one, loved all the music they played at the pool, 95% of which seemed to fit into the &quot;Rock&quot; category, either Alternative, Hard Rock, 90's Grunge, 80's, or Classic Rock from the 60's &amp; 70's. I did hear a Dean Martin song one day, which was played right after the Scorpion's &quot;Rock You Like a Hurricane&quot;, an interesting segue.The rooms at the Hard Rock are equally awesome as the pool. Flat screen Phillips TV's in a large room with pictures of Jimi Hendrix &amp; Keith Richards on the wall, all decorated in a Nordic Minimalist style. One of the cool things about the TVs, is the muisc they pump in on several channels, as well as the Music DVD's they sceen on other channels. It was cool to watch old concert footage of Led Zeppelin on a huge flat screen TV when I came back to my room after gambling late one night! If youv'e read any of the other reviews, youv'e no doubt heard about the mini barrs in the rooms. The Front Desk staff are quick to point out that they are on motion sensors, &amp; you will be charged if you move anything, so be warned. But $5 for a Corona is not bad, only $.50 more than at the bars downstairs. Keep in mind that Vegas is just like New York or LA, everything is more expensive, just accept that, &amp; you will be prepared for your trip!A few other observations about the hotel; they will probably never have your room ready if you arrive before 2pm, I was on an early flight &amp; got there at 11am. They did give me a key so I could go hang out at the pool, though. Just somthing to keep in mind should you arrive as early as I did. The Sportsbook bar was very cool also. If you gamble at least a dollar per hand on the video machines in there, they'll comp your drinks, so at worst you'll have gambled for free for a half hour or 45 minutes &amp; paid for your drinks with the money you lost! Loved being able to watch like 8 baseball games at once, too! I'd love to be there during NFL season! Other cool things of note nearby are the Hofbrau House (German Beer Hall &amp; Restaurant) across the street, as well as a small market (white building, red lettered sign) that will sell you sun tan lotion, aloe vera gel, soda, &amp; almost anything else you could buy at the Hard Rock for half the price (suntan lotion @ Hard Rock=$10.95, at the market $5.95). You can probably buy beer there much cheaper, but you'd have to be discreet about bringing it back to the hotel, as that is strictly forbidden, &amp; they have security watching the elevators in the evening, so I guess if you must drink as cheap as possible, bring it in in the daytime! I prefer to get my drinks at the circle bar or the sportsbook bar though, especailly if you gamble, &amp; do well, they are pretty much free down there anyways! I did have 2 beers from the minibar, though. One right when I checked in &amp; another the last night after I finished gambling. Oh yeah, if stripclubs are your thing (bachelor parties, guys night out, etc), Club Paradise is also across the street, you can walk there versus paying $35 roundtrip cabfare to somewhere else. Decent club, although you will probably go through your winnings quickly!One thing is for certain after my last visit to the Hard Rock, I will never stay anywhere else in Vegas again! Awesome hotel for the under 40 crowd!	
Aug 23 2005	The Only Place I'll Ever Stay In Vegas In The Future	After checking out of the Mandalay Bay after one day because of an absolutely awful experience, the Hard Rock was AWESOME. The entire staff is friendly and eager to please, and overall the Resort and Casino was fantastic! Yes the overall crowd is young and out to have fun, but then again, this is VEGAS! As a middle-aged couple, we never felt too old - in fact it made us feel young again. And the music as expected, ROCKS.While not a mega-resort, all of the restaurants we dined in were superb, from cheap Mexican at the Pink Taco (fish tacos!), to sushi at Nobu, and the biggest find was Simon's, which was our favorite place to eat at the Hard Rock. Didn't have time to hit AJ's, but will be sure to do it next time.Pool does get crowded early, and better &quot;chair control&quot; would be helpful, by bouncing folks/towels off off chairs which have been vacant for an extended period of time. The murkiness other reviewers refer to is a sandy beach in certain parts of the pool, the water is crystal clear and if these folks had actually made it to the pool rather than looking out a window they would have noticed that. It would be great if the pool were larger, however. We were not there on a week-end, however I do suspect the Sunday Rehab party would be a bit much unless you were into the total party scene, then it is quite obvioulsy the place to be.The off-Strip location is a plus, it keeps the endless stream of passerby's away, so in general the crowd at the Resort and Casino is limited to people actually staying there, and there is a noticeable absence of strollers - I still don't understand all the strollers being pushed through Strip casinos. You won't find that at the Hard Rock. That alone is reason enough to stay here.I'm looking forward to our return...	
Aug 17 2005	Most fun in Vegas!	I stayed on a Sunday night just to experience &quot;Rehab&quot; at the pool - it was my first time at the Hard Rock (I usually stay at theHotel or the Mandalay). In a word: incredible! The Rehab beach party on Sunday is even better than advertised. The entire Hard Rock scene is not for everyone - only 25-35 year-olds who like to see and be seen will feel at home. The casino is very small and gambling seems to just be a by-product of people hanging out!Other than the eye-candy and great beach party, I was very impressed with my room. I only paid $100, but they gave me a huge two-room suite facing the pool area and strip (excellent views from only the 5th floor). The suite appeared to be about 800sf with 2 large TV's, double french doors and two mini-balconies, a wet bar and the best audio sound system in Vegas - complete with a receiver and high-end Klipsch subwoofer that, along with the separate main speakers, produced top-notch sounds. Perfect for a suite party. In fact, the Hard Rock is all about having a party...day and night!	
Aug 17 2005	Hard Rock the most sinful Casino!!	I have stayed at the Hard Rock many many times. I've stayed at quite a few Vegas hotels like Excaliber, NYNY, Tropicana, San Remo (soon to be Hooters Casino), the Orleans and the Palms. I don't know why I keep coming back to The Rock but I do. I love the pool and on Sundays they have a pool party called Rehab. I would not stay at the Hard Rock when the pool is not open, that's what they are known for...the pool. I would say the service at the Hard Rock is not all that great but they are known for that. And it's all good. It's a party house. From Body English the club(formally Baby's), the Joint (Beacher's Madhouse Comedy Show is great), to the circle bar. AJ's steakhouse is great....best shrimp cocktail and crabcakes in town. Like I said Rehab pool parties on Sundays is the bomb!!! Lots of eye candy for both men and women. It's worth taking a later flight back home or leave on a Monday. Rehab is open to the public but you would have to wait in long long lines (sometimes 3-4 hours on 3 day holidays). The Hard Rock is not a place where you want to get some sleep....um you're in Vegas....sleep when you get back home. You'll hear people crashing the symbols down the hall (there are drum symbols on the walls), to room parties to little naughty room action if you know what I mean. Don't be offended if you smell some strange cigarette smell down the halls. Like I said it's party house and don't bet on getting 1st class service. It does seem like half the OC are there on the weekends. You'll see a lot of fake boobs and lots of wanna-be Nick and Jessica's out there. You'll see a lot of whale tails (thongs that show when ladies sit) just walking around. There is a strip club across the street (Club Paradise) and some of the girls come to the circle bar after their shift to make some extra $$$. This is the most sinful casino in Vegas. It is off the strip and advise you not to walk especially in the Vegas heat. There is a shuttle that drops you off at MGM, Ceasars Forum shops, Fashion Mall. If you want to take a Taxi sometimes it would cost you a lot depends on where you want to go and how bad the traffic is. Best advice, if you can probably share a cab with someone going to another hotspot. Just yell out &quot;who's going to Drai's, anyone wanna share a cab to the Palms&quot; etc. Good way to meet up with some hotties that night. The taxi lines can get really long but they do move fairly quickly. I would try to find a taxi on the side of the casino then walk your way to the taxi line. Many taxi's drop off people on the side then you can grab that taxi. If you need some business work done or to print a a boarding pass for your flight, there is a kinko's nearby. I print out my boarding pass the morning I leave therefore I do not need to get to the airport 2 hours early. That's more time for me at the pool. Well hope this helps. I'll be back at the Rock labor day weekend!!!	
Aug 16 2005	A Motel 6 with a guitar on the wall	We decided to rent two rooms and request that they adjoin so my 13-year old stepson, my hubby, and I had extra space plus the joy of two bathrooms. When we checked in, the rooms weren't ready, so we left our luggage in one and told everyone we would happily visit the Cafe. One of the rooms had to have the carpets cleaned (eew...don't wanna know why), so when we returned we had the lovely smell of wet carpet. The mountain view rooms (which really is a view of the airport more than the mountains) looked a bit worn. Like too many parties had occurred. The rugs seemed washed out and faded. The purple satin comforters on the bed probably looked regal during the first few months, but are now pretty beat. Four pillows in white pillowcases finished the &quot;bedding,&quot; so it looked like dorm room decor. The mini-bar is completely sensored so I couldn't use if for my son's medicine (which had to be refrigerated). They told us we could rent a fridge for $25 a night. WHAT?!?!? That's just lame. We viewed the pool from one of the top floors, which had a tropical theme and COULD be great, but the water was murky. We went down to check it out, but it just looked dirty and uninviting. The whole place just seems to be neglected. We checked out after two hours. While the staff was amicable about not charging me $75 per room for canceling, they couldn't help but snidely add that they would be able to rent the rooms again to someone else that evening. I just smiled and said, &quot;I'm sure you will.&quot; Then, we skipped off to THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay and we were in heaven. (Read that review...awesome place that made our trip enjoyable!)Sorry, Hard Rock. Ya already need a facelift.	
Aug 5 2005	I checked out a day early.	Went to Vegas for my birthday and thought the Hard Rock would be fun. I ended up checking out a day early. The pool area was so crowded that my friends and I couldn't find a place to sit. The pools are poorly laid out and too shallow. The people were loud and aggravating. The rooms were noisy and we had to listen to jets arriving all night.	
Jul 29 2005	Loved the Rock	I absolutely loved the Hard Rock...pit bosses and dealers could not be nicer.. I was a &quot;vegas virgin&quot; and the dealers taught me how to play roulette and blackjack...It has a great beautiful club...I would reccommend a VIP table for a great view of the club and all of the beautiful people. Great spa and pool...be sure to visit the pool on sundays...this hotel is great for the younger crowd and perfect for celebrity sightings Since this first trip, I have been back 3 times, and stayed at &quot;the rock&quot; all those times. Enjoy your trip!	
Jul 25 2005	Love the Hard Rock!	The Hard Rock Hotel was a great place to stay! Everyone from the staff couldn't have been friendlier to us. Smiles were everywhere. The room was very nice and the bed was very comfortable. The food was terrific. The cabanas are a nice place to relax in when you are at the pool. Check in and check out was a breeze. We are an early forties couple and we brought our twenty-three year old son for his first visit. We couldn't have chosen a better hotel to stay at for his first time in Las Vegas. We felt very welcome here. We hope to return again next year.	
Jul 14 2005	Awesome upgrade!	We stayed there July 10-13. We were upgraded to a suite facing the pool, for no charge! It was awesome! The pool was great! the music was fantastic! My husband and I are 32 &amp; 34 and really felt comfortable there. We didn't really do a lot of gambling. Mostly &quot;hung by the pool&quot; and the typical sight- seeing. It's definately the place to go if your not planning on &quot;a lot&quot; of gambling. It's more of the party atmosphere like everyone else has already said!! I would definately stay again and recommend it to anyone.!	
Jul 7 2005	Great but its for a specific audience	I had a good time at the hard rock. The place is more geared for partying instead of gambling. The table limits are the same as any south strip casino. The food at the 24 hr diner is relatively cheap for its location. I also had steak at their steakhouse restaurant and it was as good as you would get anywhere else. I don't like the menu in the steakhouse b/c you order everything as one item. You order a steak at a certain price, then vegetables at a certain price and then a starch at a certain price. Doesn't make sense to me, they should just have one price for a meal.One thing to be aware of is that the hotel is about .7mi away from MGM Grand (the nearest casino) so if you don't have a car, you will need a cab for every trip. The rooms are very nice with their Bose radio and flat screen TVs. But, you will pay top dollar for a Saturday stay. HR customers are mostly 25-35. If you exceed this age range you will probably look out of place. I'm sure the Hard Rock will take your money, but when I get too old I will probably stay at Manadalay Bay.	
Jun 28 2005	One word to describe-AWESOME!!!	Hands down the best hotel i've stayed in. Most comfortable beds around. If your a music lover, this is a must stop! I can't wait to go back. Bonus-there are 3 music chanels that just feature live music. I woke up and watched a U2 concert and Coldplay show (on plasma tv's no less) Absoulty wonderul!	
Jun 25 2005	perfection	i have stayed here several times. had a blast each and every time. check in was flawless. we lost or wristbands and were given new ones without a problem. rehab is amazing but very crowded. the staff were all very friendly from the dealers all the way down to house keeping bringing us extra towels every day when we asked. to the people that say the cabanas are 400 dollars, your just wrong. i honestly think some people just come on here to trash a great hotel. maybe some people are just too uptight. i ate at the the restaurants on the property while i was there, spent too much money but that is my fault. we had great service each time and the food was very tasty. i'm 29 but i will keep coming back til i'm in my 40's i suppose.	
Jun 23 2005 	Rock Music At It's Best	What a great place. Good, current rock music playing throughout the casino, no boring stuff that you hear just about everywhere else. It keeps you up and in the party mood. The decor makes you feel like you are in a rock 'n roll museum, there is plenty to look at. The pool is fantastic too, great service and surroundings with an excellent pool bar with food. The rooms are really nice and confortable too. You must have dinner at Nobu, which is in the hotel at the pool entrance, if you like sushi...very, very good, a little pricey but worth it if you like that kind of thing. Everyone is very helpful and friendly there, the circle bar in the casino is a great place to meet people. Finally, try and take in a show at The Joint, a great venue to see a concert. I always stay here when I go to Vegas.	
Jun 23 2005	TRL!	Not much more to add really, except that while we stayed at the hotel TRL was filmed in the pool and we got to see Mario, Shakira and Hilary Duff! The internet access in the rooms was shocking, really slow and awkward to use, though we were impressed with the huge screen and wireless keyboard. Would defo recommend this hotel to anyone, it is really nicely decorated and well kept, the pool are is clean and well managed.	
Jun 21 2005	Take it from a Local!	Take it from me (A Local). After living in Las Vegas for 61/2 years, I have visited my share of Hotel Casino's. Hard Rock Hotel Casino is by far one of the KeWLeST casino's here. This has become a second home to me. I am known by alot of the staff. I have come across some bad apples with attitudes, but never let that effect my opinion of the place in general. The staff in Mr Lucky's are always awesome to me. Scott in particular gave the best service I have ever received. He has no problem making even your typical local feel like a VIP! Kudo's to him. Most of the dealers are friendly, some have had attitudes but dealing with thousands of drunk tourests daily, people spilling drinks on the table, people bending cards, smoking at the table (not all dealers are smokers) well, you get the idea. Anyone can have a bad day. I have seen more guest's that pissed me off then I have dealers. If you really want to have fun, track down a dealer named Bam Bam, this guy is a ------ to sit at a table and play with. Trust me he will make it for a fun experience. He's usually on Crap's or in the peacock lounge (high stakes room). Ok, no I have never spent the night in the any rooms, I will one of these day's. But I have had some dealings with alot of the staff and have always been treated friendly. You will not find a hotel in town that play's better good old Rock and Roll.  I have been to Body English too, and this club is off the hook if you can get in. 7 to 1 girl to boy ratio. A true high class club. OMG! Rehab? Let me tell you this. I just celebrated my 35th Bday there. This was the most OFF THE HOOK pool party I have ever been to. More hot chicks in bikini's then you know what to do with. The service from Chris at the pool was great. Drink's, food, shot's, water, hot chick's, loud music, sun, what else can you ask for? Only one thing though. If you attend Rehab, you will truly need rehab for a few days after. They should change the name because this is not where you go after partying all week to be rehabilitated! This is a continuation of the party. Screw the night club's, get some rest and go to Rehab.	
Jun 18 2005	Pretty Cool	I just returned from Las Vegas on a a business trip. The Hard Rock is a really cool hotel. Like anything else, it was its pro's and cons's. Pro's: VERY Clean - the elevators are polished down at least once a day. Leather walls and leopard print carpet, funky. The rooms are in great shape, kept clean and fresh looking. The entire hotel is spotless.Security - At night, there is a security guard posted at the elevators checking roomkeys. no room key - no elevator.The music rocks. It is just awesome to hear classic rock everywehere you go in the hotel. The pool........the whole beach club area is amazing. From the sandy beach that extends right into the pool, to the swimup bar and blackjack tables........it is a great place to hang out.The BOSE alarm clock in the room was spectacular. 102.7 is an all 80's radio station and to have that music on that clock radio every morning was a great way to wake up.The entire staff was tremendously upbeat and accomondating.The Pink Taco has some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. The bed was big and the pillows very SOOOO comfortable.CONS:Booked my room via the web and got a great rate, however my room faced the airport. I was told it was a mountain view room, which it was; the mountains were behind the airport. Extra charges for EVERYTHING. Room Servie adds a $3.00 delivery charge per order. HELLO ??? IT'S ROOM SERVICE. In addition, there is an automatic 18% gratuity added to the bill. Your $9.95 breakfast quickly turns into $14.The mini bar is on a sensor. If you move anything around, you will be charged. Also, upon arrival, I had an iced tea from the mini bar and someone was at my door within 15 minutes to re-stock. Kind of freaky knowing your room is being somewhat monitored.I purchased a sixpack of beer to have in my room. I expected the ice bucket to be filled when i came home back from work that day, but it was not. I assume they are not going to assist you in drinking for cheap at this property.The hotel is not on the strip and the complimentary shuttle stops running at 7pm. you will have to pay for taxi's to get back and forth, it is a pretty good walk from the Hard Rock to Las Vegas blvd.The pool is only open from 9am thru 7pm. So, if you are there for business, you are not going to be able to take a swm at night and enjoy this awesome spot in the hotel. There is a $5.00 per night resort fee added to the room that is supposed to cover the shuttle and pool area. But, again, both shutdown really early.The casino is small in comparison to other hotels in Vegas. Overall, I am glad I got to experience this resort. If you are with a group and don't mind splitting taxi's every night, I would recommend this hotel as a great party place to hang with your friends. Just be prepared to spend your precious gambling $$$$ on TONS of miscellaneous fees.	
Jun 17 2005	This is a great place for fun if you choose wisely	While I have read all the bad news about the 10th anniversary I feel bad for these people. I was invited by mail twice for this weekend event. Clearly they went over board on inviting everyone and there brother without considering they only have 600 rooms and a lot of celebrity clientel. i was smart enough to toss my invites in the trash. Try the hard rock Sunday through thursday The best months to go are during November. We have done this several times at the hard rock staying about three times in the last 9 months. U check there website for deals I actualy get emails regularly. the most we have paid is $69 per night. The first stay we paid $59 and they bumped us up to a suite on the top floor right next door to the bowling suite where Jessica Simpson and Nick Lachey were staying It was the largest one bedroom suite it was beautiful and they did this for free it just happened to be a slow day despite the Simpson and Lachey clan there. We had an incredible time. I have not made it to the night clubs yet the circle bar is my favorite place for fun. I did well on the super fun 21 I love that game. I have had the pleaseure to dine at all the restraunts except the steakhouse. Pink Taco is really good just don't eat at the bar it's usually dirty. Mr. Luckys is the best ask fo the $7.77 deal steak and shrimp yum and cheap for a ny steak and 3 shrimp done right. also Hamburgers are great and the choc cake too all very cheap. We did not eat at Simon but had a cocktail at the bar and it was the best $14 dirty martini I've had. Okay my favorite was Nobu and yes you can get out of there for cheaper than you think my husband and I shared 3 different rolls and each had a beer and it was around $43 for the bill which is extremely reasonable for this place. It was not too noisy in the halls what can yo expect at a hotel like this. The beds are the most comfortable and the views of the strip are amazing. We have never stayed here on a Friday or Saturday night the rate are near$299 for a room and thats just crazy. Get a players card for savings on lost of stuff na dcoupon books when u check in will save u on some dining at Mr. Luckys and a free Hard rock shot glass. You can just walk through this place and be entertained and the music is ALWAYS right on. Most of the times we stayed it was cooler weather or raining so we never got a chance to use the pook area which looked unbeivablby great but I hear gets crowded and crazy. Souds fun.	
Jun 16 2005	Great place and great time!	Loved it, Loved it, Loved it!!! Visited in June 05 and it was my first trip to Vegas. I'm in my 40's and people kept telling me that the HR caters to a younger crowd. I was worried at first that I might feel out of place. I was wrong to worry. There were a lot of young kids in their 20's and early 30's, but there were also people there my age and even older. The HR was the only place I wanted to stay and I was definitely not disappointed. Booked our room thru Expedia and got a great price. No problems at check in and within 20 minutes of arriving, our room was ready. Room was very comfortable. Great bed and great pillows! The lighting in the bathroom was great, three full length mirrors and a wonderful shower head - one of those &quot;rain&quot; showerheads. Within two hours of arriving, we ran into two celebrities - that was way cool. The pool is amazing! Crowded, but not uncomfortably so and very clean. Beautiful people and everyone was so friendly. Service at the restaurants and bars was great. The Center Bar was lots a fun and a great place to hang out on Friday night. The security guys at the elevators at night were not bothersome at all. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 6 2005	Hard Rock is THE place to be - At least for bachelor/ette parties	Just got back from my bachelor party at the Hard Rock, from June 2 through 5, 2005. Let me just say that taking the following day off from work was the best idea of my life - I needed to catch up on my sleep from staying up basically for 3 straight days!!!! &lt;p&gt;Now, if you're reading this review to decide whether or not to stay at the Hard Rock, it's important to understand who the hotel is meant for. If you are part of a bachelor or bachelorette party or just with a group of buddies and are looking for a great time, this is, hands down, the place for you. The place is rocking 24 hours - every day I was there, I was up until 7 a.m. gambling, drinking at the casino bar and hanging out, and up by 10:00 a.m. to hang out at the pool with absolutely gorgeous women (about 50% of whom have fake breasts, by the way). Let me just emphasize, again, how GORGEOUS the women at the Hard Rock are (and the guys seemed to be good-looking as well, for you ladies). 24 hours a day, they have a really kick-a*s mix of rock music playing in the casino and at the pool. The nightclub in the Hard Rock, Body English, is awesome - it's kinda hard to get in, though, if you're with a group of guys - I only got in because one of the guys I was with is a major player at the casino. (And he couldn't even get all of my group in of about 15 guys, only 5 of us - the rest had to slip the bouncer a good wad of $$ to get in). MTV was there for two of the days we were there - one day we saw Black Eyed Peas, the other Fat Joe - we missed Snoop by a day. Another day I saw the actress Shannon Elizabeth on my floor. Down the hall from us, Run DMC had rented a ridiculously lavish suite for the weekend, and a few of my friends actually managed to get in for a party there one night. All in all, it was absolutely what we were looking for, and I could not have had a better time. Truly, a bachelor party to remember. If you're also looking to book a bachelor party in Vegas, don't look anywhere else!! &lt;p&gt;However, if you're looking to go somewhere in Vegas with your family and kids, or if you're part of an older crowd (my group was late 20's and early 30's), I'd advise you to stay somewhere else. After I get married and I take my family to Vegas, we're sure as heck NOT gonna stay at the Hard Rock. But if you're in my situation, this place cannot be beaten.	
May 22 2005	Not Very Impressed	Decided to contact our agents re booking at Hard Rock and was informed we would have to check in July when we were there to see if we still had rooms!! We booked into this hotel back in March this year and upon phoneing a few folk who live in the states were informed rebook another hotel because they also have heard bad reports and traveling all the way from the UK we really dont need the hassel of no place to stay after 14hrs of Travelling. We have cancelled our booking at the Hard rock and found some place else now to stay. All i can say is i hope the Hard Rock get they act together very soon with such attitude from staff and reports from people who have been treated rudely just remember we pay your wages.	
May 18 2005	Better than anticipated	My hubby, myself and another couple stayed at HRH from 5/15/05 to 5/18/05. We had standard rooms that we had gotten through Expedia for $95/nt. The room was better than I expected. The decor was contemporary in furniture style and the colors neutral. The bed was very comfortable and the feather pillows were heavenly. The plasma screen TV gave and excellent picture. Housekeeping did a great job of cleaning our room early in the day and responded quickly when asked for more towels. The bathroom was average w/ the shower head being very low so that my 6'2&quot; hubby had to duck to get under it. It was also a very deep tub and you have to be careful getting in and out if it. The worst thing about the room was the bathroom lighting. It is horrible. It was nearly impossible to put on makeup. I had to put my face right up to the mirror under the small light and even then I couldn't see. I called to see if they had light up makeup mirrors and was told that they did not. My friend also noted that she had a horrible time seeing in the bathroom too. Definitely could use some updated bathroom lighting.The casino was very nice. We were pleasantly surprised. It is small and round. But even better, they had a lot of $5 min. tables which we were thrilled about as they are hard to find at most places. The piped in music was a much better alternative to annoying slot bells and whistles. The music had a lot of variety in the casino and at the pool. The dealers are very nice and made the gambling experience much more fun.The pool is really nothing great. I did not care for the sand beach part. The water temp was great and bar service at the pool was fast and efficient. The loungers were adequate and the pool towels were nice and big.We are in our early 40's and were led to beleive that we would feel out of place here. We did not. In fact we were about the average age of people staying and gambling there. We enjoyed our stay immensely and would definitely stay again. Next time however we will use the hotel shuttle to get to the strip. Registration neglected to tell us about this perk and we paid a lot of money for taxis.	
May 18 2005	Hard Rock is the place to be!	We have been staying at the Hard Rock for the past ten years and have never been disappointed! If you want a fun, good looking non-touristy hotel this is it. The restaurants are fabulous, the gambling is fun and not overcrowded, the rooms are simple and if you reserve pool view, the view of the pool and strip is amazing. The pool is great and cabanas are only $50. We have always had excellent service at the Rock. We visited Mandalay and Wynn this past weekend and couldn't stand all the kids and tourists packing the place. We were so elated to arrive back at the Hard Rock. If you want a place that is hip, full of hot people and fun with no kids and no annoying tourists there is no better than the Hard Rock.	
May 16 2005	Wouldn't stay here again but Rehab on Sundays is great.	After spending 2 nights/3 days at the Hard Rock, I would not recommend staying here, just pay the $20 or $30 bucks to party at Rehab on Sundays. Pro's: Nice pool on Sunday, that’s it. Con's: Nickel and dime you to death. Be careful not to move anything in the refrigerator, it has an electronic scale that is hooked up to their wireless network. Your room will be automatically charged if anything is moved for more than 15 seconds. If you missed the 4 point sentence at the bottom of the price sheet, good luck explaining to the apathetic guest services Gestapo you failed to read the rooms' fine print. Want to go to the pool, but have family or friends in town or more than 2 people staying in a room. Pay-up. $40 per additional person per day over 2 per room. And make sure you don't lose the wristbands issued when you check in, they assume all guest are liars and will not issue you a new band without you issuing the hard rock $40.  If you book through say Expedia and anything does wrong, for example you get a cot instead of a standard bed, it’s not the Hard Rocks problem. It seems the only thing they are obligated to do is take the $399 per night from Expedia and if they feel generous, offer to book you another room for an addional $399.  Want to go to the pool and actually get a lounge chair, be prepared to wake up at the crack of dawn to reserve a chair with your towel. If you go to the pool past 9:30 there will be no chairs left, but there are $400 cabañas available. Overall, I was disappointed. Sunday at the pool was defiantly hot, but it seems their hotel guest clientele is mainly 20 and 30 something men. Since their pool policy is so restrictive, poolside Friday and Sat there were a lot men meandering around just looking at each other in disappointment. I’ve stayed at the Palms in the past and plan on returning.	
May 13 2005	Suite Deal!	This was hands-down the best time we've ever had in Vegas. At check in we asked for an upgrade to our standard room and were given a spectacular, rockin' $600 suite COMPLIMENTARY! Wow, and this on Cinco De Mayo. Our room was dead center of pool view on the 8th floor and we had to force ourselves to leave the room to go swimming. Once at the pool, the sun shined, the water was perfect, the drinks were strong and everyone was in a state of euphoria! The casino has a great circular layout with a bar in the center (drinks were terrific, &amp; not too expensive). Loved It! Only gripe is that we did not win a dime in the casino!	
May 10 2005	Lovin' the Hard Rock	Six buddies and I planned a bachelor party at the Hard Rock from May 5th through 9th. We discussed a few options as far as hotel selection went, but we all decided to give the Hard Rock a try. Man, am I glad we did!!!!!If you are looking for a romantic getaway with your significant other, or a quiet, peaceful resort......move along, cuz' this place ain't for you. However, if you want to feel like you are living in a beer comercial for a few days, or even a &quot;girls gone wild&quot; video&quot; (especially on Sunday at the pool) then this is your place.The rooms were great, beds were comfy, plasma TV's, big tubs....blah blah blah...you shouldn't be spending much time in your room at this place anyway.The dealers were crazy friendly and fun, even though they took all our money. As mentioned before, all the people there are beautiful. The have black jack and craps in the cabana by the pool and swim up black jack. The food from Mr Lucky's was good, so was the Pink Taco.Obviously, there is Rock and Roll music playing all the time. It is right beside the airport, so of course you are going to hear planes. The light shades in the hallway are cybels, so gee......I wonder if anyone is going to hit them. If you want quiet........dont go here.........if you want to party and have a great time........there is no where else to go!! The age range of guests is between 22 and 40, mostly 27-35 though.For those who gave negative reviews because your rooms were given away......after staying here, I'd be Pi$$ed too, but only because this place is awesome.Hey Hard Rock.......KEEP ON GIVIN'ER	
Apr 30 2005	fantasy come true in las vegas	The staff was excellent and almost everybody was beautiful. It is a younger, hip crowd who are just trying to have a good time. The pool is fabulous and the decor (throughout the entire casino) is very hip and up to date. You get to see famous people, it is almost like being in a movie. Who wants reality when your on vacation? I would highly recomend this casino to people who aren't afraid to party and have fun all night long. The staff was helpful and playful. We had some of the best dealers that I have ever seen. The night club was exquisite, very upscale. A great experience all around!	
Apr 27 2005	Never stay here!	I called to 2 weeks before my scheduled arrival to see about bon jovi tickets and was told by my host that the room i booked in January for the 10th anniversary wknd April 29th had been retracted by the hotel. If I hadn't called them, they never would have told me and i would have showed up i n vegas without a place to stay!!!!! I was told that the rooms they pulled went to Brad Pitt, Owen and Luke Wilson and other stars that were coming out for the big wknd. Great for those guys, but not so great for the rest of us. They offered me a free weekend some other time and access to the pool...whatever. With only two weeks to go before my trip, i couldn't get into most places (Bellagio, TheHotel, Venetian, Palms) though the Palms was really nice and offered to comp me on future trips (way to capitalize on the competition's poor customer service, I like it!!). I left a message for the HR's manager and the president of the hotel, which weren't returned, so all i can tell the rest of you is save yourself the grief and stay somewhere else. BTW...I still have dinner and spa reservations at the HR, I hope they don't charge my room if i'm a no-show....	
Apr 22 2005	This place -----!!! Don't stay here!	I have to say, I will NEVER EVER stay at this hotel again. What crap service. Of course, we got booted for next weekend too, because the Hard Rock cannot get it together for what is supposed to be their biggest weekend. I booked my room over a month ago, and when I called today after reading on TripAdvisor that this had happened to another person, I called to confirm, only to find they had “no record of my reservation. And they were really quite rude about. I even had a confirmation number and everything, which their explanation was “Someone forgot to enter this into the computer, and now we are oversold.” That. in my opinion, is unacceptable. I was planning a big weekend, had paid $300 to see Coldplay, and am now unable to do either. Oh, and one last kick in the ---, Nobu called to cancel our reservations due to a private function. Way to kiss celebrity --- Hard Rock, and forget about the real people. I will never stay at this crap hotel again, and neither should you.	
Apr 19 2005	Beware!! Please read Before booking this hotel!	AWFUL! Hard Rock Hotel has RUINED my Birthday weekend!!! I assure you this will not be the first email of this kind that you will read on tripadvisor... My friends and I booked three rooms at Hard Rock 5 months ago for my 25th birthday. We are supposed to be staying there next weekend. Even called to confirm two days ago. Today we get a call from Hard ROck reservations that do to overbooking (they claimed they over-booked by hundreds!) they are moving us down the block to a motel... and there is NOTHING we can do about it! I couldn't beleive it, so I called and spoke to mangement, then the supervisor, etc, etc, and NOTHING that was it- end of story, we were out. It is too late now to replan the trip so now my friends and I are spending hundreds of dollars on what was supposed to be the best party weekend at some random motel. The Hard Rock graciously offered free passes to their pool- HA- thanks, can't wait. I honestly can NOT believe this just happened to me today. Can they do that?? yup. Its one of those things you read on a posting like this but dont think can happen. well it can at the Hard Rock! We were choosing between Palms and Hard Rock and the biggest regret is choosing this rotten place. Still can't believe it. HORRIBLE!!!	
Apr 18 2005	Terrible experience at the hard rock.	Don't stay here on a Sunday during peak season. I hosted a bachelor party here in July, 2004. Our group purchased tickets to the Hard Rock &quot;Rehab Pool Party.&quot; It was quite a scary event, to say the least. Fights broke out, paramedics were called several times, and it was way too overcrowded; I just felt unsafe. And to end a hectic day at the pool, the Hard Rock EMT staff ran over my friend's foot (breaking it) with their stretcher loaded with a patient. The management would not provide medical attention to my friend unless he signed a Hard Rock release of all liability. So he had to hobble out to the street to await a public ambulance. So much for Hard Rock's &quot;out of sight,&quot; minimize risk injury policy!All in all, I loved my stay at the Hard Rock every day except for the Sunday Pool visit. So, If you want to have your bachelor party at hardrock, skip the pool party, especially on a Sunday!	
Apr 2 2005	Loved this place	We didn't do so well in the casino but the food was great at the Pink Taco and at Luckys. D. DeLoach Jacksonville Florida	
Mar 31 2005	June 2004 Birthday Celebration!	I had visited the Hard Rock in June of 2004 to host a 30th birthday celebration for at that time was a 'friend' who wanted to stay there so desperately. Mainly due to all the celebrity exposure this place gets. (i.e-Howard Stern.)The hotel is 'nice', yet my experience could have been much better. Upon checking in, the front desk staff was extremely cold, &amp; rude in behavior and offered no sense of well-being. The Pink Taco restaurant is so overrated, and the quality of food served is NOT so hot. Every morning at breakfast or &quot;breffiss&quot; (s.e.r), Mr. Lucky's restaurant seemed to deliver. There you can find staff who seems to genuinely care about your presence and the money you spend. On another note, not five minutes after returning to the room, a housemaid quietly knocked at our door, offered NO verbal warning that they would be entering, the door slowly opened and the attendant unexpectedly caught us spending 'quality time' with one another! Attention lovers and friends, beware of the Hard Rock's quiet room maids! Late night party goers love to bang on the Zildjian cymbal light sconces in the hallways at 4am! Why not set up temporary drum kits in the guest hallways as well? The pool was a mess! Synthetic sand bars in the pool make it dirty feeling! Nothing like doing the backstroke in a cesspool of mud and grit! In my opinion, this hotel could be much better than what it actually is. In 2005, I will not be spending my next vacation in Vegas at the Hard Rock.	
Mar 25 2005	Very nice	The hotel is convienently located to the airport, and not far from the strip. Hotel provides a free shuttle to the strip at the top of every hour, but not at night. Room is nicely furnished, but most impressive was the widescreen flat tv on the wall. Casino is not too big, so you don't get lost as in some of the ones on the strip, and table minimums are reasonable.	
Mar 22 2005	great hotel	My husband and I stayed the the Hard Rock February 22-24, 2005. I must say I fell in love with the hotel as soon as I walked in. The Rock &amp; Roll atmosphere is fabulous and I loved the music. The front desk staff was very pleasant and accommodating. The room was very spacious and beds were very comfortable. There was alot of noise from the airport traffic, however, it didn't bother us in the least. If you are a light sleeper, you will want to request ear plugs. I do wish there was coffee in the room, but it wasn't a big deal. We rented a car this time, so we didn't try the shuttle to the Strip. When we wanted to go to the Strip, we drove &amp; parked at Ballys.The only complaint I have about the Hard Rock is the concierge desk. Being a travel agent, I make sure when I am traveling, I take notice of how I and others are treated by everyone at the hotel. When we went to the concierge desk to ask a question, the gentleman was on the phone. He made no attempt to acknowledge us the entire time we stood in front of his desk. We stood in front of him about 5 minutes until finally giving up. This will be something I will mention to my clients when recommending this hotel.	
Mar 6 2005	Loved it!	We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night only over President's Day weekend, and loved it! Upon check-in, we were upgraded to a Suite that had a separate living room with huge TV, stereo system, wet bar, etc, etc. The bedroom and bathroom were very spacious, and everything was very clean. Despite the cool temps, we opened both sets of French doors to get some fresh air into the room.No complaints and kudos to the folks at the Front Desk for knowing how to please their guests!!	
Mar 6 2005	not for the noise sensitive	The thing no one tells you is that this hotel is a few miles from the airport and that every five minutes during the night I was treated to a 747 headed out to some other destination. For those who are light sleepers this is not your hotel.Also, I travel extensively and haven't been to a hotel that did not have coffee in the room. Come on...if the Hampton Inn can do it so can you. I think this is a way for them to make money as a pot of coffee runs $17 by the time you get room service, tax and tip. For coffee lovers who can't live without this ends up adding $85 to a five day stay.	
Mar 4 2005	Nice Place	Nice, clean room. Location a problem. Many might prefer to stay on the strip. You are a good distance away and van to strip is infrequent and ends at about 7 pm (terribly inconvenient).Dealers were very gracious and helpful, although you might find some trying too hard to be hip. However, I appreciated the kindness.Pool is nice, but best if they get rid of the goofy sand in the shallow ends. It's a pool, not a beach. The sand is messy and gets in the way.Some staff members are unfriendly. Cashiers seem angry when you cash your chips. They should lose the 'tude.Got a good deal and had a good time. However, will stay on the stip where the action is next time. Hard Rock is just too far away from all the relevancy of Vegas.	
Feb 22 2005	Definitely Recommend Overall With Minor Caveats.....	I stayed at the Hard Rock this past Sunday night, which was over President's Day weekend. I am a late-30's financial exec from New York City.Pros: Extremely efficient check-in and check-out....smart, fast, courteous staff at the registration desk. Very good staff all around also, including casino dealers. Everyone seems on the ball and hard-working. I ate breakfast at Lucky's, and it was excellent. Hotel looks great inside and rooms were fantastic, except for the very iffy water pressure in the shower. Lots of great-looking women walking around. Room rate for a long-weekend night was extremely reasonable and the best I could find among the top on or off-strip hotels.Cons: The day I checked in, there was some sort of massive motorcycle rally/concert in the parking lot below my room. It was incredibly noisy, and I was on the top floor of the hotel. Add this to the brutally loud jetliner noise what seemed like right outside my window (the hotel is right next to the landing path of McCarran) and you've got a prescription for a major headache. I was on the &quot;mountain view&quot; side of the hotel, so I do not know if it would be different on the other side. Take earplugs if this bothers you, or I guess you might buy them there.Overall: I would stay again, but on the Strip side of the hotel since noise does bother me. I do think the hotel should note this issue on the website to inform guests before they make a reservation that it may be an issue for some. It is a tribute to the rest of the hotel that despite this, I enjoyed my stay and would go back.	
Feb 19 2005	Easy to navigate fun to explore	I stayed at the Hard Rock for four days in late May 2004. I very much enjoyed my stay and am planning to return in mid-April of this year. I'm 40-something, but I didn't feel out of place at the Hard Rock in the least. On the contrary, I felt welcome right from the time of check-in. I requested a room in the new tower because I had heard rumors that the bathrooms were better laid out and appointed there. There were two (2) queen-sized beds and they were probably the most comfortable beds that I have had in a hotel anywhere. I was on the mountain-view side of the hotel and could enjoy that view from an extremely comfortable chair. As others have noted, the pool area is beautiful (I found it even more attractive than the pool at Mandalay Bay) and the cocktail servers were always very pleasant. That made it very relaxing to hang out poolside and enjoy a drink while people watching.Hard Rock's casino is probably too small for serious gamblers. I didn't play tables there, but I did kill some time at the slots during the afternoons and had about as much luck on Hard Rock's slots as anywhere else, I suppose. I seem to recall that cocktail service was good, at least when at the times that I was around in the casino.For the record, I would mention that I've been to Las Vegas several times and have stayed in various hotels, including New York-New York, Treasure Island, Circus-Circus, Paris, and theHotel at Mandalay Bay. I wouldn't stay at Circus-Circus or New York-New York again, but Treasure Island would be a remote possibility. I liked theHotel at Mandalay Bay (and MB's pool is nice), but I wasn't awed by the place like so many seem to have been (I got an offer there at the time for $159/night but I question whether I would pay that for it again). The Paris is excellent and its casino is one of the most attractive in Las Vegas, but if you want an attractive pool scene, you won't find it at the Paris. Therefore, stick to the Paris during the cooler months.One final note: I wouldn't recommend Hard Rock for the first visit to Las Vegas. It would be wiser to stay on the strip for better access to explore the other casinos. I've been there and done that, though. I'll stay at the Hard Rock and enjoy a drink at the pool then gamble at the Paris and the other Caesars Palace-affiliated hotels and downtown. The rest of you hard-to-please 40-somethings can stay at theHotel at Mandalay Bay. Just don't come complaining to me about how hard it is to use MB's comps. Live and learn.See you in April Hard Rock!	
Feb 11 2005	Not Rock and Roll Heaven	We stayed here in March, 2004 to celebrate my daughters' 21st birthday. We attempted to check in around 1:00 p.m., but were told the room would not be ready for several hours. We walked across the street to the Hoffbrau House, and had a great meal served with authentic German beer on tap! Upon our return, we were told the room was still not ready, even though we arrived later than the estimate they had given us earlier. The front desk staff was rude, and the &quot;tude&quot; did not improve during the course of our stay. I definitely got the feeling we did not fit the target demographics for the hotel, and because we were a tad &quot;older&quot; (over 40)we were not welcome at the HRH.   When I questioned what the &quot;resort fee&quot; was for, I was told that it was for things like the pool (that was closed the whole time), the phone in the room, (gee, paying extra to have a phone?), and towels. HUH? Most hotels include these items in the daily rate. Not here.   The rock and roll decor, music, and even the elevators are great fun. We also enjoyed the size of the room, and the french doors that opened for fresh air. The noise from the low flying planes was a bit of an annoyance, at times, however. The beds were quite comfy, and the bathroom and toiletries were very nice.   The casino was energetic and fun, but we found the slots to be a bit tight. Yes, this place is definitely for the 20-somethings, and the center bar is one big meat market at night. We even experienced the &quot;joy&quot; of having college age kids falling down drunk around us, but have to say security was pretty good about keeping the drunks in line.   Overall, the Hard Rock Hotel was not a heavenly experience, but we do understand its' appeal to the masses. Even my daughter, who generally loves everything Hard Rock, found it to be elitist and unfriendly.   We are planning another trip to Vegas in May, and my 25 year old son wants to stay at the HRH for the pool, but &quot;the fogeys&quot; will be staying elsewhere. 	
Feb 7 2005	Hard Rock has it all	My husband and I (36/41) stayed at the Hard Rock recently and loved it. The staff was outstanding. We asked maintenance to fix a slow draining tub and it was fixed immediately.Even with several events happening the week we were there, the hotel was not overly rowdy. The walls between rooms are thin though (we heard our neighbor yawning). Music played in the hotel is typical rock stuff. It is not loud.The restaurants in the hotel are great also. We felt that staying off strip was a great choice.Only thing that bugged us was driving in and out of the hotel property. It can be tricky at times because the traffic can get nuts especially when there is an event at the hotel.	
Feb 4 2005	Easily the best hotel to stay at in Vegas	Visited and stayed twice at the rock, having visited many other hotels I have to say if you are 23-40 (and are not bringing or do not have kids) you would be a fool to stay anywhere else, no contest.The atmosphere is fantasic pretty much all the time,staff are friendly, food is great (luckys is the best breakfast out there), pool is awesome, rooms great. everything you imagined Vegas is...the Hard rock isThe ONLY let down we had was being unable to get into the club there (Body English). Dispite the Concierge 'putting our names down the list' the day before it meant nothing in the end (perhaps this is because it was labour day w/e and the like of Paris Hilton got priority..).That said I would never stay anywhere else........in fact I am going back April 8 can't wait. Fingers crossed for the club....	
Jan 14 2005	My Happy Place!	I have stayed at the Hard Rock three times and it gets better with every visit! If you’re looking for a relaxing vacation, look elsewhere, because this place is a 24-7 party. The experiences I’ve had hanging out at the pool have been a blast. Where else can you stand around in a gorgeous pool with a drink in your hand (try the Sweet Tart, my favorite!) and meet great people from all over the world? I still keep in touch with some guys me and my girlfriends met more than 2 years ago. It’s just a great setting and everyone is so nice. I like to call it a Spring Break for 25-40 year olds! Every time I’m there, we don’t leave the pool until 7/8 PM when it closes…I’ve been chased out of that hot tub at closing time more times than I’d like to admit. It’s just that difficult to leave!Another aspect of the Hard Rock that just sucks you in…the Circle Bar. Again, you’ll meet great people, make friends and the bartenders are great. Get down there early and get a seat. This entire place is so much fun, the last time we were in Vegas, we left the property TWICE…one time to go across the street to the liquor store. The other time was on our last night in town, we forced ourselves to leave and go to Olives at the Bellagio for dinner. While dinner was great, we went right back to the Circle Bar afterwards! My friends and I can’t get enough! On top of all of this, the rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. The beds are unbelievable…soft sheets, great pillows, etc. Get a pool view room if you can…it makes a huge difference. We love the French doors, being able to get fresh air in your room is a rarity in Vegas. I personally like the rooms that have vanities outside the bathroom (not sure if this is the older or newer section), makes it easier for two or three girls getting ready. I’ve found the staff to be friendly and fun every stay, even on Memorial Day weekend last year when the place was mobbed. I love the Hard Rock, my “Happy Place”, and I can’t wait to return in March!	
Jan 11 2005	Hard Rock Hotel	As a member of the (let's say) older crowd, I'd thought we might be in trouble staying at the &quot;Rock&quot;. I could never have been more wrong in my life.Everything was great. All the staff members treated us as if we had been long time guest at the hotel even though it was our First Trip to Vegas.Some even went out of their way to help us get around the strip. The room was large and had an excellent view of the strip. It really was a lot more then I was expecting.The choice of music they played was great and in fact reminded us of our high school days.Our only wish was that it was a tad bit warmer so we could have use the pool, but hey they can't control the weather (although I think if they could they would have)	
Jan 4 2005	One of the Best	Nothing could have been better. the restaurants &amp; pool are some of the finest in the country. Even though I was in Las Vegas on business, I had a day to enjoy the surroundings &amp; relax by the pool. Simon service is second to none. The steak was awesome......Try it, you'll like it too.	
Dec 27 2004	The Hard Rock Rocks	I have been to the Hard Rock several times. I would never stay anywhere else. Definitely for the better-off 25-40 single or single-seeming crowd (what happens in Vegas...). Don't bring kids...seriously. The mood is sexy and friendly and the music makes it a party atmosphere at all times. The bouncers at the pool keep things in line, so it never gets too out of hand. But it is a crowd that doesn't go too nuts anyway. Just laid back party mode. It is small enough to get to know a lot of people around the pool. We spent many a night at clubs with people we met around the pool that day. A definite plus. And best off, you don't have to walk 15 miles to run to your room from the pool, at least on the main hotel. And the rooms are pretty cool too. Unless you are next to a suite that hired a d-jay. But if you just join in their party, it doesn't bother you much. Most of the staff is the bomb. The waitresses are all fine and friendly (this from a woman), and the male staff are usually good to look at and basically okay, though they chat little. The bell-hops are great! The drink slingers are okay if you tip appropriately...and you should at a place like this. So go there.	
Dec 24 2004	Best in the Vegas Area	I have been to Las vegas numerous times and have stayed at all most every hotel on and off the strip. The hard rock has to be the best there is. Some will disagree but they have not really open there mine and accept the full expirence. Let me tell you some of the best reasons to stay there................1. The circle bar ( best in vegas ) never a dull minute2. Luckys 24/7 ( best after hours place till eat ) 3. the pool ( it speaks for it self)...........in fact to much write down .Just say its the best	
Dec 21 2004	Why Resort To A Resort Fee!	Stayed at three hotels during an eight day vacation in Vagas. This was the best..but..If I mentioned the other two you wouldn't be suprised!!All smiles at check in .....from both sides of the desk..we just love your English accent et al... and then the words I was waiting for&quot; and there will be a $5 RESORT FEE PER NIGHT for, and get this..OUR UPGRADED AMINETIES&quot; when I enquired where the Resort, ie pool area was to be found, the receptionist, still smiling told me it was closed..???!!..??..!! say what?Come on pleaaaaseee if you really feel you must con another $5 from your guests why not include it in your room rate or not as the case may be when the thing is closed!!Nice room for Vegas.. no gold or marble in sight thank god.Simon's restaurant also very goodWhen I wanted some &quot;FREE&quot; and thats not a word that seems to be understood here, help from housekeeping ( I'd locked myself out of my holdall) all I got was a no can do and an uninterested attitude from the front desk. The same front desk not 5 minutes earlier said who wondereful my accent was while slipping the aforementioned RESORT FEE into the conversastion..short memory or 2 Faced. After a three minute plea ( I had no clean clothes after enduring a 14 hour trip from the UK) the receptioist told me that someone would be up in 15 minutes to help. Some how.. after remembering reviws on this site. I thought no o ne will turn up. And guess what...no one did. So no night out.. no clean clothes and a trip to the local hardware store in the morning to purchase a junior hacksaw ($4) and after 10 seconds in got into my holdall( the tip to the housekeeping would have cost more so I made a buck or two there..sorry Hard Rock).All in all a good hotel for this town but do not desert your guest as soon as you have relived them of their dollars and do somthing about your RESORT FEE situation.. you dont need to charge it so DONT	
Dec 15 2004	Like an MTV Party!!!	Having heard mixed reviews about the Hard Rock, we were a bit nervous about our stay there. On arrival we were told that the booked room was not available and that they could arrange a room for us at some other crummy hotel. After explaining that we had come from England and that we were on our honeymoon, the lady checking us in changed her mind an upgraded us to a suite - which was amazing - as was the rest of our stay! The food was fantastic - especially Nobu. The casino is not too big but full of young people having fun. And the pool! It reminded us of an MTV Beach Party with good music (also under water), palm trees, beautiful young people and a great vibe. Loved it! Oh, and we also got flashed by a random girl in the lobby - so that was nice.	
Dec 9 2004	Not bad but not great!	I stayed at the HR over thanksgiving and was impress by somethings and other well lets just say not as good as I had hoped. Checked in mid afternoon with no problem, no line, fast service was great. I hadn't eaten all day so decided to go Pink Taco for a late lunch. I was impressed with the food and setting. After that I went walking around hotel and casino, I had pictured the casino being a bit bigger, but no worries it still had all the gaming tables I would like. I would have liked a bigger sports betting room, it was quite small compared to many casinos. As for my room, I loved the french doors that open to let the fresh air in room. The only problem is the hotel is located close to the airport so you will get a lot of noisy from planes coming in. I spent quite a hours at the Center bar and found the bartenders to quite friendly, they offered me ticket to see Tears for Fears one evening. The only real draw back is that is not on strip, if you plan on walking to the strip use the shuttle service provided by the hotel. The walk is over a mile and not throught the best of part of town.	
Nov 29 2004	Hard to beat the Hard Rock	After staying at the Veneitian for two years running we decided to try out a smaller hotel, and the Hard Rock was our baby. In our previous trips we always enjoyed the dealers and the casino at the HR so we thought we'd also try the hotel for once. What a great idea it was. We had a large group with 10 people and 5 rooms. They put the 5 rooms right in a row, all interconnecting. The front desk staff was kind and professional. I read several horrible reviews so I was worried about this part- well, don't believe them. Without fail EVERY staff member I encountered in our 4 day stay was great. Again, we are used to the venitian, which had 700 sq foot rooms at about 400/night. So you're getting a good reviewer here. I have high expectations and was NOT let down. The HR rooms will surprise you right away. They are plainly appointed, but the money is put where it counts- the beds. The bed was among the most comfortable I've encountered in any hotel stay. Down comforters, super high quality sheets and fanastic pillows guaranteed a sound sleeping experience. Each room also has a 50 or so inch plasma tv on the wall, which is awesome. If I could complain about anything it would be the complete lack of soundproofing. You can hear every conversation in the hallways and every peep from the rooms next door. Rooms 220-238 or so have administrative offices accross the hall from them, which helped here. It was relatively quiet for us. If you had some partying room next door though, you would not get any sleep unless you were deaf. The casino is unbeatable. I have gambled at almost every major casino downtown and on the strip and have never encountered nicer dealers. There is also rock and roll playing in the background, which really makes losing your money more fun. The casino is small and cozy- fantastic. Don't doubt the Hard Rock- it is awesome!	
Nov 29 2004	Amazing	Our stay was amazing. The staff here were really friendly and helpful. In the hotel itself there is so much to see. The casino itself is only small compared to other casinos but is a relaxed atmosphere which is fun and eventfull. Well worth the money.	
Nov 5 2004	The last hard rock visit	Well. let me tell ya. I stayed at the Hard Rock opening weekend back in 1995, and have never stayed anywhere else. I would estimate probably 25-30 stays, some as long as six days. I always got stellar service. I got engaged at the Rock, honeymooned there, and spent my first aniversary there also. Now, we come to October 2004, my second anniversary. Heres where it all goes bad. I booked the room through another travel site, in full, on my credit card. I suppose its my fault, but I did not bring this credit card with me to the hotel. Upon trying to check in, I was informed by the clerk that I would not be allowed to because of the absence of the card. Their attitude (expressed to me by more than one employee) was &quot;there is nothing we can do&quot; and basically, my only option would be get back on the plane to Los Angeles and get my card. I had never been asked before to present my credit card for inspection before, the hotel always kept it on file. I also had never incurred any incidental room charges or done any damage to any room I stayed in. After much negotiation, I convinced the 'head honcho&quot; desk clerk (who looked to be about 19) to accept a faxed photocopy of my credit card, front and back. Not an easy thing to get someone to do 400 miles away at 6 pm on a Monday evening. Even though this eventually (3 hours later) got me into the room, the &quot;Honcho&quot; made me feel as though his behind was on the line, and he truly was doing me a huge favor and I should kiss his ring. The attitude of the people I dealt with was never &quot;Lets see how we accomodate you and solve this problem&quot;, it was more like &quot;Sorry. Next.&quot; Its amazing how one experience can sour 9 years of fantastic memories. It was surreal. I couldnt beleive that was how the Hard Rock was going to do business. I felt like I was truly snubbed and blown off by the staff, who obviously couldnt give two yanks about my situation or how to take care of me. Thanks, but no thanks, Hard Rock. Never again.	
Oct 28 2004	Like a Hard Rock restaurant only it's a hotel	My company reserved this place for a trade show. Hard Rock Hotel was not as bad as I'd feared based on other reviews. It was not a convenient location for a show at the Convention Center. Relatively small, HRH is more convenient than the very large hotels (shorter lines, less waiting for cabs, etc.)Visualize a Hard Rock restaurant, only it's a hotel. The historic costumes and guitars displayed were kind of interesting. The musical theme was well done throughout. (E.g.: Zildjian cymbals for corridor light sconces).The lobby is very loud, and the main restaurant was closed for a group, so only breakfast restaurant available was Mr. Lucky's (loud, crowded, smoky and overpriced). One morning they were working on the lobby floor with a jackhammer. Instead, I got room service, which was prompt and very good (expensive, $18.00 for a waffle and coffee, about the same as Mr. Lucky's). I did not eat in the restaurants but friends said the Japanese restaurant was good.At night, security made a decent effort to check for room keys at the elevator. The taxi starters/doormen were helpful. The desk staff was prompt. No check in / check out issues. The casino waitresses are all dressed like hookers in fishnet stockings &amp; leather minipants.Service at the elevated bar, located in the center of the casino, was good and the ever-changing colored lights were cool. Drinks were pretty expensive at the bar and at the gift shop (Coors Light, $3.50. Each.) No minibars in rooms.The room itself was pretty good, with French doors opening onto the pool. However, the jet exhaust from arriving planes and loud music outside prompted me to keep them closed. Live or canned rock music plays continuously in the pool area from 9AM to 10PM.It was too cold to use the large pool area, which consists of palm trees, a fake &quot;lazy river&quot;, a shallow pool and swim up bar. Nevertheless, I got dinged for a bogus $5.00 per night &quot;Resort Fee&quot; whatever that is. All in all, the HRH is the Hard Rock Cafe of hotels. Not great, but not that awful. Personally, if I went to Vegas on my dime (which I don't), I would stay elsewhere.	
Oct 28 2004	I just love it	This is my favorite Las Vegas hotel. It's small, behind the strip which makes it cozy and without so much traffic nor noise. Rooms and spacious and very modern. But the best is their pool and beach. Lesss expensive that other hotels, it's the best value while in Las Vegas. I would love to live there!	
Oct 27 2004	Phew! Good times at Hard Rock	I was a bit leery of the 'party' atmosphere and customer service after reading a lot of the reviews of Hard Rock, but was pleasantly surprised! I did not get attitude from the staff, they in fact were very helpful and made me feel safe to walk around with all of the MANY guys that hung out at the circle bar (and everywhere else). Circle bar rocked b.t.w.! Good prices and service. Food was pretty good at Lucky's - Pink Taco was awesome! Pool looked good, but closed at 6pm (including the hot tub) so didn't have a chance to see it. Did I mention that there are tons of guys? Not all of them wanted to hook up (thank goodness!), but lots were up for it if that's what you are looking for! Ended with a massage at the Rock Spa and it was well worth it.Watch out for the $6 bottles of water in the rooms...you drink it, you get charged for it!	
Oct 27 2004	Hard Rock is not cool!	We just spent five so, so days at the Hard Rock in Las Vegas. Here are the problems with this hotel:1. Cheap rooms with tiny bathrooms2. Room walls are paper thin and you can hear everything!3. The place is not clean. We had a horrible expererience with our room.Here are a few positives:1. The only thing good about the Casino are the $5 craps tables.2. Simon, a restaurant in the hotel, has wonderful food.3. The staff does try to help one out when there is a problem.4. The music is nice out by the pool during the day.	
Oct 19 2004	Brilliant atmosphere	Compared to the other large hotels on the strip (such as MGM which are just to big!!) the Hard Rock is an ideal size, you don’t need to have a map just to find your way back to your room!! It was very busy on the weekends, the swimming pool area was jam packed, especial on Sunday when they have their “rehab beach party”, but the rest of the week it was quiet. It was a bit of a drawback that we were set so far back off of the strip (about a 20 min walk), but taxis were only a couple of dollars and there is a free bus which runs till 7pm; and we did have an amazing view from our room (on the 10th floor), which was of the entire length of The Strip; especially amazing at night.	
Oct 18 2004	customer care-I do not think so	My wife and stayed at this place a couple of years ago, during it I slipped on their slippy tiles in the bath-room, broke my ribbs and taken to hospital by ambulance, treated brilliantly at the Suncoast Hospital, but was in terrible pain when Iarrived back at hotel, as the pain was so severe, I believed it would be impossible to move out the next day as we had planned to do [we would pay of course], I called and spoke to the manager, regarding this, imagine our horror, when he told me that this was out of the question, that his hotel was booked out, that the best he could do, was to allow us a late check-out, 12-noon, I did contact contact a local solictor regarding this matter, but they said that I would be wasting my time , going further with this matter. customer care I, do not think so	
Oct 14 2004	Hard Rock....whatever	Not a big place, nor very cosy...it is surely for the youth, with ALOT of money....Other than being made feel like you are intruding on someones &quot;break time&quot; every time you try to order/buy/eat something in this place, and the trash all over the pool area, and the distace from ANYTHNG, without being told there even was a shuttle....other than that, it was ok	
Oct 12 2004	Slots go nowhere	James Billie is right these guys will never do what he did. Slot machines with Bingo cards and balls? Big rip off. First time visit and yet while I was there Wheel of Fortune never turned for anyone. Weekend should be busy but hardly anyone on machines. Lots of complaints. The new leaders that ousted Billie better go back to the drawing board.The only thing there worth any kind of play is evening Bingo. Morning and matinee Bingo run like jet propelled too fast and too sloppy. When you can walk into a Casino and find hundreds of machines available on a weekend that casino is in trouble. Don't waste your time or money on the slots. And be prepared to stand in line for hours to play poker. Poker room is so small with only 15 tables. Much better action in CT Foxwood or Mohegan Sun or Atlantic city Hurrah's or Taji Mahal. Don't like Hard Rock heading for Vegas but will not play at Hard Rock .Hotel too expensive for my taste. No freebees any where. They want my money but they give nothing back in return. Winners usually spread good words. And I was a winner! How about some freebee stuff incentives they are called you have to lure me there.	
Oct 4 2004	Hard Rock Service 'Attitude' Senseless!	If you want to see a truly misplaced sense of self and displaced sense of reality, experience the &quot;Hard Rock&quot; attitude as displayed by the staff in the Casino. Somehow they have managed to convince themselves that since it is indeed the &quot;HARD ROCK&quot; in which they ply their trade, their extremely low-wage positions (embarrasing by most standards) indeed merit an elitist approach to guests, patrons and players alike. I sat down at one table at which the dealer was clearly &quot;working&quot; the only other player at the table (an attractive girl) and he was so absolutely irritated that I was rude enough to sit down to play (potentially &quot;horning-in&quot; on his action) that he was as obviously rude as he possibly could be to me. When he won three straight hands, he snickered loudly and insultingly until I was forced to get up and leave (making him visibly pleased.) And I have never been hit-on by so many hookers in one place in my life (and I go to Vegas fairly often.) And I'm not talking about slow, casual come-ons...I'm talking about &quot;wanna date?&quot; one after the other. This place truly is the most overrated experience of any kind in Vegas, but if you want to check out some absolutely inexplicable social behavior, just &quot;hang&quot; in the casino and observe the staff. I don't get it.	
Sep 1 2004	Did we stumble into a Bachelor Party???	We did not stay at the hotel, nor will we ever after visiting the Hard Rock Casino...It was packed with greasy, grimy looking 20-somethings that looked like a bachelor party gone bad. Women dressed in a halter top and lacy boy short panties with bunchy looking behinds (no, these were not the Pretty People at all!) Bathrobes everywhere, and the guys all wore LONG SLEEVE button down shirts and tighty witeys-Tom Cruise style. I am no prude but I wasn't expecting stripper costumes and bathrobes! We just wanted to party and have a good time.Don't they have ANY dress code? Go if you want to see Freaks and the less fortunate looking trying to outdo the other women in sleazy attire.....	
Aug 22 2004	Wouldn't Stay Here Again If You Paid Me!	As alot of other reviews here have previously stated this and it is true, this place needs a serious attitude adjustment. If you are not the right 'type' of person at this hotel ie young, beautiful or famous then expect to be treated as if you don't exist. My husband and I checked into the hotel on a Sunday morning for a 2 night stay. Beware of the $5.45 per night 'resort fee' they tack onto your room rate. When we questioned what this was for, we were told it was for the 'free shuttle' (which only runs to the strip between 10am - 7pm on the hour) and 'free local phone calls'. So we are paying $5.45 per day for something we are getting for free we asked? I could tell even the desk clerk was embrassed by the charge and I expect he gets a lot of complaints about it. We had to wait 45 minutes for our room which really wasn't a big deal. While we were waiting we were given pool passes which are basically wristbands which allow you to enter the pool area. Sunday in the pool area is called rehab day and if you want to see posers as far as the eye can see then this is the place for it. If you can get into the pool that is. On our first attempt to get into the pool area we were told it was 'full' even though a lot of people were walking past the security guard (they have a security guard on the pool entrance) without wristbands. When we questioned why this was when we had wristbands and were registered guests we got a nice big shrug of the shoulders and were told to move out of the way as we were blocking the entrance! We did eventually go to the pool area which is NOTHING SPECIAL. Honestly it is small and cramped and not at all attractive. I don't see the big deal in it. How it got top 3 pool in Vegas is beyond me. On Monday we also went to the pool and were only able to get a towel after the staff decided to stop having a towel fight and serve us. We found half of the pool was closed because the pool area 'wasn't busy' but once again this hotel has one rule for guests it likes and one rule for guests it does not because we did see guests swimming in the 'closed' section but when we asked why, we again got the infamous shrug of the shoulder! The in-pool blackjack tables are closed during the week though I suspect if the right type of person came only they would be opened up. The only place we ate was Mr. Luckys which was okay but very expensive and it took them 3 gos to get me a cup of hot tea, I got brought a latte first of all and then a coffee! The rooms are nothing special, in fact they are quite dull and I had to wait 30 mins to get paid out on a slot machine. I think this hotel lives on its reputation cause it hasn't got much else going for it.	
Aug 18 2004	cool pool cute girls but dull nights.	Generally I loved it. I did not detect any attitude from the staff or the employees of the shops or retaurants. The female staff were all cute and sweet. The pool was really great.I was a bit dissapointed in the lack of nightlife aside from gambling. I was hoping the nightclub would be open or that there would be pool parties at night. I was there during the week however, so weekends might be different.I do think security should be a little more vigilant. I saw people smoking in the elevators, and flicking their ashes onto the carpets. In general, I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 11 2004	Great People Watching	I stayed at the Hard Rock last summer with my husband and two teenage kids. It was a last minute vacation and the Hard Rock was the only one that had reasonable prices. I was a little hesitant about being off the strip, but it ended up being fine as they have a shuttle that goes back and forth every half hour.Check-in was a breeze unlike many Vegas hotels. We checked in early because our flight was early and they gave us a room with no hassle. The whole family loved the pool- it was spacious, yet private. Rock music was in the background but not too loud and we could still lay back and take a nap. The whole family loved the waterslide but we all agreed that the best part of the pool is the comfy floats you can rent and float around the pool in.We loved the size of the hotel. It wasn't huge like all the other Vegas hotels, so we could easily access the rooms and it didn't take forever to walk from one side to the other. The staff treated us like individuals and by the second day, the cocktail waitress at the pool knew exactly how we like our drinks and she would just bring them out for us- it was great! The casino was small, but we didn't use it much anyway. They could improve the dining options, though. The bedrooms were wonderful- the beds were extremely comfortable (pillow top matresses and egyptian cotton sheets), we had different pillow choices, there was a small balcony, and there was a nice sitting area. In the bathrooms they left tiny tubes of toothpaste along with the usual shampoo and lotion.When I told a lot of people that I was bringing my kids to the Hard Rock they thought I was crazy since it has such a bad reputation. It was definately a wild, young adult crowd, but my kids have seen worse on an episode of the &quot;Real World.&quot; Plus, it made for great people watching and you might even catch a glimpse of a celebrity (my daughter got some rock guy's autograph at the pool). The main floor was a little too smoky for my taste, but everywhere else it was fine.I will definately stay at the Hard Rock again and I would recommend it to anyone!	
Aug 10 2004	Difficult at Hard Rock Hotel	Our trip started out great. Arrived late and our reserved room had been filled, but they upgraded us for that night to a fabulous suite. We were told we would have to move to our reserved accomodations the next day and to call down when we were up and ready to move. We called down at 9:30am the next morning and told them we'd be ready to move around 10:00. Damned if we didn't have to hound them all day just to be downgraded to a dump of a room that smelled bad and had a broken light in the bathroom. Our entire day that we had carefully planned out, both time- and expense-wise, was shot. And I still wonder, if we hadn't bothered to keep calling, would we have been able to stay in the suite...? As to being upgraded on my dime, we were told that an extra $200+ per night would allow us to stay. (On top of the $129 'special' rate I was already shelling out.) And now to the reason i wanted to stay there in the first place: the pool. The Hard Rock was rated in the top 3 hotel pool areas on the Travel Channel's Top Ten Hippest Hotel Pools. The suite overlooked the pool area. Unfortunately, all there was to see was emptiness, construction crew butt-crack, and blazing sun for days. Too bad nobody mentioned that the pool was under construction (pretty much) for the week we were there. At least the crappy room overlooked the strip club across the street. And when my boyfriend tried to get a second key (for the crap room), he was told that the room was not registered to him and the girl was signalling for security! He left, came up, and i was fully expecting a call from the desk checking to see if i was ok, being harrassed, stalked, bothered, butchered, something. If she was worried enough to get security, wouldn't you think if you saw the subject of your worry heading toward the elevators and the room in question (that she wouldn't give any info about to him...), wouldn't you be worried enough for the guest in question...?{I know this is wordy. Edit at will, but these issues need to be made known. Especially the security issue, for women travelling alone, as i usually do. And for the price being paid to these jackals.}	
Aug 3 2004	I had a blast	I went to the Rock, tipped the registration clerk, got upgraded to a deluxe suite. Room was excellent, nice picture of Janis Joppelin in our room. We had a nice hot tub/jacuzzi in our room, where i was able to order cadillac margaritas deliverred to me in the hot tub. Also had a pool view overlooking the strip and the famous pool. During our stay we got to witness stripper dodgeball championships, unbelievable. The hotel offers free transportation to the strip. All in all it is good stay off the strip, away from all the families, and traps of the huge casino's. Go during the week for best rates.	
Aug 2 2004	Nice but nothing special	We stayed at this hotel recently on July 31. Our stay was okay but nothing to brag about. We checked in rather late but encountered absolutely no problems and courteous service. The bellman, doorman and security were very friendly. The room was clean but no water glasses. Called housekeeping with no answer. Called front desk and it took more than 30 minutes. The walls are paper thin and you can hear your loud neighbors easily. The housekeeping staff was really rude and woke us up at 8 AM with tremendous laughing, talking, walkie talkies blaring and vacuuming without turning it off right outside my door! I heard &quot;towels for room 355 and the like for what seemed like an eternity. It seemed like they were conducting their union meeting right outside my door. With the three hour time difference and a long flight I just wanted to sleep to 10 AM. When I opened the door to ask for some quiet they continued their loud banter. I spoke to the manager and he was wonderful and sympathetic and at least made me feel better. This is definitely a hotel for the young. The pool area looked awesome.	
Jul 30 2004	It depends on what you want	I am early 30s, a little old to consider myself hip or cool, but I have stayed here twice, both times during the week, and it has always been fine. It is not a place for serious gamblers or people who generally like the traditional vegas scene, but I prefer it because it is less crowded and overwhelming than some of the larger strip hotels. The pool is great, sandy lagoon, water slide, cocktail service, etc. I ate at Nobu and it was ok - Pink Taco good for drinks and a quick bite. All that being said, I would never try to stay here on a weekend. The rates are outrageous and I am sure it is extremely crowded at that time. Also check their concert calendar - you might want to coordinate according to who is (or isn't) playing during your visit!	
Jul 14 2004	It's a great place	I'm shocked by all the negative reports on the Hard Rock Hotel. I've stayed there three times and would definitely go back again.Yes the clientele is twenty-something but what's wrong with that. I'm in my late 50's and enjoy being aroung the young folks. I must admit that all my stays have been &quot;off season&quot; with no major events going on and therefore extremely reasonable rates ($49-69). Their website is terrific for indicating the days with the best prices. Twice I was able to get a pool view room for just $10 extra.I love the decor and the wooden floors. I haven't tried the &quot;upscale&quot; restaurants but have enjoyed the Pink Taco and the 24 hour cafe.During the day when everyone is out at the pool the casino area is quiet, attentive and winning. I've always been impressed with security measures around the elevators at night and never experienced the loud noise and disruptive behavior described by others.One other nice feature is the feee shuttle to the strip. Every driver I've had was courteous and on time.	
Jun 30 2004	HARD ROCK IS A BALL!	Just back from 2/great days at the Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino (June 2004)! WOW! This hotel is to be experienced NOW during the hot weather in Vegas which mostly is the summer months. The POOL is the best in Vegas and we have been to almost every hotel on and off the strip. Make sure to try the hotel for the pool - it is just gorgeous, big, landscape is a beauty - you feel like you are on a tropical island and not in Vegas. Real sand beaches, lazy river, palm trees, swim up black jack table - just amazing amazing pooL! We are a married couple in our 40's and yes this hotel tends to get a wild young crowd but it is loads of fun, great people watching too. Sundays is a bit wild at the pool but on Monday it is a bit calmer with young families and children. Either way you will not feel out of place and will have a ball! The rooms are very nice too. All are huge and done in cool grey stylish colors. The rooms all have beautiful french doors either looking out on the garden/mountain or the pool. Nice huge bathrooms, cd players all over the place. You can't go wrong with this hotel. Staff is young, hip, good looking and very helpful to all guests. The food is well another thing. You have one restaurant called Luckys which is open 24 hours a day and is wonderful. You can get almost anything here and the prices were very reasonable. They have PINKS which is a fun mexician restaruant - again very reasonable and great food. RIBS were out of this world. The place is decorated really cool too. They have NOBU and that is a great RICH, EXPENISVE SUSHI restaurant. It is a bit on the pretentious side and very expensive - so if you are not into dropping a lot of money or into raw fish - be warned on this place! Again a good place to people watch - a lot of celebrities frequent this spot - if you are into that. The other restaurant is Simons and that is a total joke! Gorgeous restaurant but food is so so and the prices are through the roof! $35.00 for chicken and $50.00 for steak. They had some obnoxious young teeny-bopper waiters who sereved us and it was really bad! Everything a la carte. $10.00 for a side dish of cold mashed potatoes. So be warned on this place!Good restaurants by the pool with fun hip beautiful waitresses. Good sandwiches, salads etc. Yes the drinks are a bit pricy but you are in Vegas and on vacation and it is very fun and colorful spot to be at.This place like I said earlier is a must now during the hot months in Vegas. The pool is the place to be. You won't be disappointed. It is that good.Hope this helps! Happy travels to all!	
Jun 25 2004	Great Pool !!!!	We stayed at the Hard Rock for the pool. We had read and seen reports about the pool being among the top 10 pools in Vegas. We would agree -- we had a great time. We arrived on Sunday afternoon in time to take in Rehab at the pool. They allow local people to come in for a price so I would say 80% of the people there were not staying at the hotel. A wide range of age groups it was fun to just sit and watch the people!!! We rented a cabana for Monday for $100 well worth the money. We had a TV, refrig, safe, and excellent service. It was nice to have a place to get out of the hot sun. We highly recommend the pool!!!!Enough about the pool -- the rooms are nothing special !!!! Since we were there Sunday to Wednesday we got a good rate on the room $79/night. Which I don't think I would pay much more than that for the room. It was clean but we have stayed at Super 8 that was just as nice. We think they need to have a set of rooms for the more mature responsible adults to stay in!!!! I'm sure they don't do much to the rooms because most of the people staying there are young and there to party and they don't care what they do to a room. The Casino area is kind of small -- there wasn't a lot of people there during our stay -- I'm sure the weekends are very busy!!! We ate at Mr. Lucky's twice for breakfast is was good. We also ate at Simon it was good but nothing special.If you are looking for a quite hotel go somewhere else the Hard Rock is not for you. But if want a fun place to hang out at the pool listen to good music then you might consider the Hard Rock. We would go back but not on a weekend when they charge over $200 for a room.	
Jun 21 2004	A Birthday to Remember	This was a great way to spend my birthday! The Hard Rock is cool, fun, and has very good food. The rooms are clean and comfortable with nice linens and bathroom amenities. The BOSE wave radios and bathrobes are nice touches. Mr. Lucky's and the Pink Taco are great places to eat and drink. The staff at both are very friendly and courteous. The only reason I did not give this hotel 5 stars is because the front desk staff at check-in and during the stay had an attitude. Otherwise, a very good first-time experience. I would stay here again.	
Jun 14 2004	24 hour Happy Hour	In true Vegas style, action 24/7. Although a convention kept us from enjoying the pool in the evening, the manager allowed us to check out late in order to enjoy the pool before departing on our last day. Security was fantastic as we had 2 separate confused partyers attempt to enter our room. Diner has great burgers &amp; good breakfast.The pool is everything you have read about. Not for the faint of heart or self conscientious. spend the money &amp; rent a cabana. Room costs were $209 Saturday &amp; $159 during the week.	
Jun 1 2004	Lots to see......but	It can get expensive. I'm talking mainly about the restaurants... We ate at Mr. Lucky's twice and even for a cheeseburger with fries it can be pricey. The pool on the other hand, is really nice. Once again, the food and drinks out there are outrageous! $4 for bottled water!?!? And that was just the small! It was 8 dollars for the large bottle. I had one beer out there and it was 5 bucks. Ok, no problem, but it wasn't even a full bottle of beer. Eye candy was nice. Be sure to get there as early as you can. Pool opens at 9 a.m. and by 10:30 it was crowded! Tried getting into the new nightclub, Body English. No luck there. Grand opening night. Line was long adn they only pick out hot chics to go in there. We waited 2 hours on a Friday night and the line barely moved. Read somewhere it only holds 600 people. On the plus side, rooms where nice and beds were very comfortable. The hotel is also off the strip. Don't even think about walking to the strip. You're gonna have to take a taxi to get anywhere but there are shuttles that leave the hotel every hour up until 7 p.m. Come here if you're young, don't mind crowds, loud music., and have $$$ to blow.	
May 14 2004	We had a GREAT experience	I would have to say the negative reviews here are not at all what I encounter. Three friends and I stayed here for two nights the third week of March 2004 and we had an absolute blast. I felt the service in the whole building was tremendous and we were always treated with much respect and we were a bunch of 23-24 year olds who were just out to have a good time. Definitely a young crowd and our 2nd day spent pool side at their infamous pool was one of the most fun times I had in a very long time. The pool is everything it is cracked up to be and then some...yeah, the drinks are spendy but if you are going to have a good time in Vegas your going to pay a lot for your drinks anywhere you go. Guys...the women at this pool were absolutely beautiful and if you ever go you'll know why me and my friends didn't want to leave that day. As far as the rest of the hotel...our room was great and very well taken care of. The casino/bar scene is fun at night when everyone starts showing up. There was always alot of people at this place and we were there on a Wed. and Thurs. night. The only complaint I would have is that we were not informed the dance floor at Club Babies was closed due to remodeling/construction but the club itself was still a lot of fun but I think we missed out a little with half of the place being closed. All in all...we had a great experience at the Hard Rock and would recommend it to anyone and it would definitely be a consideration to go back to whenever returning to Vegas. 	
May 12 2004	Great to visit...not to stay	We stayed here Feb 6-10th. We were in Vegas last year and ate at the Pink Taco and thought it would be a cool place to stay. It really wasn't worth the money and you have to walk forever to get to the strip. The lobby/casino is always crowded and trying to get your luggage through is a nightmare. We love cool hotel rooms (Loews hotels, etc.) and these were just plain and institutionlike. I love modern, but I don't think this was modern...I thought it just looked cheap. The 24 hour restaurant was awesome as was the Pink Taco and Starbucks. The walk to and from the Strip was not fun. I guess I just expected something else. We have stayed at the Hard Rock in Orlando (I know not owned by the same company) and that is the coolest place. This just couldn't compare. I have heard the pool is really cool, but it wasn't open when we were there. Great place to eat and explore, but wouldn't stay here again. Rather pay less money to be on the Strip in an &quot;uncool&quot; hotel.	
May 8 2004	Not much luck at the Hard Rock Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel last summer and won't be coming back to lodge here again. The decor is fun and the casino was busy. Our room was one of bigger hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. We never got a chance to go to the awesome pool, so make some time for it! There's a coupon book that you receive when you check into the hotel. Mr. Lucky's Cafe was a good place to eat, especially late at night. If you want a good, sweaty workout, try walking to the Strip from the Hard Rock. Make sure to check the concert lineup if you are planning to stay here. We were very sad to find out that the Norah Jones show was sold out the day we arrived. However, one night the room stank like marijuana from the air vents and the hotel sent a maid up to spray our room with some worse smelling chemical disinfectant. We used the in-room internet service for one hour at $6 and was charged for two hours. The staff corrected the mistake right away. When I got home and reviewed my credit card bill, I was charged an extra $6-7 after I checked out for drinking the expensive bottled water provided in our room. We never touched the bottled water! Who would be crazy enough to drink this water that costs $1 in the supermarket? The hotel took two weeks to return my phone calls. 	
Apr 26 2004	High Roller Event - You Can Be Bumped	I jsut came back from an &quot;offer&quot; by the casino...the &quot;well suited weekend&quot; was its name. In return for my usual play, they were to have a tailor on site to custom make a suit for me, and other gambling guests.Pretty cool, huh?...Well...long story short, I booked far in advance and everything was set. I arrived after the 5 hour drive from LA, only to be informed that I was &quot;bumped&quot; from the event! Of course they apologized, and told me my room was of course still available...I was furious! Free rooms for gamblers are everywhere...I put the time aside for this RSVP'd event, and to make matters worse, my &quot;host&quot; informed me of all this in front of a group of other gamblers in the VIP check in of the hotel. Needless to say, I left humiliated, (although with my gambling stake intact), and immediately checked out for another casino who would never reneg on one of its loyal gamers. Beware. The casino is small and looking for players due to the demographic draw of the Hard Rock image. They will say and do anything to get players in the door, and then, as evidenced here, they can unilaterly shut you out at will.	
Apr 5 2004 	If you love cigarette smoke Las Vegas is for you	The hotel is fine for Las Vegas standards, which assumes that cigarette smoking everywhere doesn't bother you. Las Vegas is one big discarded cigarette butt. Smoking is allowed and encouraged everywhere. Casinos, restaurants, taxis, shuttles, malls, bathrooms. It even smells like stale smoke in the nonsmoking rooms, which we had. The room was a standard view (not of pool or strip) for $315 a night. The bathroom was small with one sink, and the grab bars on the tub are placed such that you whack your shin easily getting in and out of the shower. The lighting in the bathroom is terrible. Also, the water pressure in the shower is nonexistent. The towels are tiny and they only give you two per room. The room is decorated with puke green carpet and purple curtains. The bed was comfortable. The hotel is about a mile from the &quot;strip&quot;. I can't believe that Las Vegas promotes itself as a family destination. It is better known as Sin City. No liquor restrictions and legalized prostitution make the omnipresent gambling seem tame. I've never been in dirtier american city: trash everywhere, including everpresent cigarette butts, discarded beer cans, and millions of naked women phone sex pictures. As you walk along Las Vegas Blvd, there are people pushing the phone sex pictures in your face every five feet, even if you are a child. The taxicabs were the filthiest I've ever seen. We had to go there on business, and will never return for pleasure. What is the attraction with this place?????	
Mar 29 2004	Not bad Not great...	Stayed at the Hard Rock for five days during the first round of the NCAA Basketball tournament. Rooms are nice, nothing too fancy but certainly decent. Even numbered rooms have a much better view - including the pool and strip.I didn't experience any of the &quot;attitude&quot; everyone complains about, and I was looking for it.The casino is small though, and I was irritated that during one of the biggest weekends in vegas they didn't open an entire section of blackjack tables - this left everyone fighting for a seat on Saturday night. Speaking of small, the sportsbook has four windows, so you can plan on waiting in line for quite awhile when there's a big event going on. There are maybe 20 seats in the sportsbook.Bet minimums are $10 at blackjack, moving up to $25 at peak times.The pool is incredible. The food is good. Service was mixed as far as drinks went.	
Mar 21 2004	DON'T EVEN BOTHER	Don't even bother with the Hard Rock. The casino is small and the staff, especially the waitresses are the most stuck up and rude people I've ever encountered. I was playing a slot machine and a waitress came to take my order. There was hardly anyone in the whole casino and it took 20 minutes for a shot of tequila to arrive. I gave her a dollar tip and before I could even place the dollar bill on her tray, she snatched it out of my hand and didn't even say thank you.I would have complained but nobody was around to offer any assistance. I didn;t even see any security around.The Hard Rock is a waste of time and a waste of good land. You would think a big popular name like the Hard Rock would be something special....it isn't!	
Mar 9 2004	The Pink Taco	The Pink Taco in the the Hard Rock Hotel is perhaps my favorite restaurant in Vegas. If you love Mexican food....you will love this place. During the week they have a great happy hour from 5-7. Tables in the casino (which are right nearby) have 1 and 3 dollar play limits. Prices are wonderful. Ambience is laid back. This place has served many stars. Ask your server, they are sure to fill your head with a tale or 2 of their star contacts. Hard Rock has a great shop in the same area. Great if you need to pick up a thing or 2 for the kids that are waiting at home for you. If you happen to be with the kids (which we have been) they love to waste and hour or more looking around. THey also love the food at Pink Taco.	
Feb 5 2004	Fantastic way to let your hair down	If your looking for some excitement there is no better way to spend a few days in Vegas than at the HardRock. If your a geezer than stay with Ceaser. Service was great, rooms were nice and clean everything was easily accessible ( not too big). I recommend pool season strongly. I think most poor reviews come from people looking for a quiet getaway.....you picked the wrong spot dad. Dealers and boss's were very nice, not too up tight. Prices are very reasonable and again I can't say enough about the pool. The crowd was young and in great spirits. I'm Booked for May &quot;04&quot; and we'll see if I didn't just catch a good week last year.Keep up the good work	
Jan 14 2004	Did you lose control !	I was there on saterday 1-10-2004. I would like to now what happen that evening that the crowd was diffrent then any other time, gangs, tention, and worst of all people sitting on very nice cars in your casino front door area drinking bottels of nice booze, loud music. it reminded me of a free consert at a park in the getto, people din't get a long that nite. you at the hardrock casino don't like that kind of stuff! you like everyone to have a good good time. I did not, Plaese take care of the poblem.	
Jan 6 2004	New Year's	Hard Rock has large spacious rooms that are decorated in a hip and fun style. The hotel is clean and small enough that it is easy to navigate. Had some noise issues from street but it was New Years so what can you do. Casino is small and cozy with a good vibe. Employee's very friendly. Getting drinks was average. Usually got asked, but slow as any casino. Had Amstel and Heineken bottles on the free list. One time I was out of small bills and I found out no tip and you'll never see a waitress again. Low limit was $10 during day and $15 to 25 at night. Blackjack hits soft 17. Single deck 21 offered with modified rules (surrender, 2:1 blackjack etc). Craps low limit was always at least $10, keeping me off the table. No poker rooms.Pool was closed but looked magnificent. In general crowd was young and beautiful. If you are not, you will probably not get much attention.....Still, the eye candy is worth it! Man or woman, It would take you 3 hours to find half a dozen people you didn't think were gorgeous to look at.Mr Lucky's diner pretty good food at okay price (for a casino) but service was average at best. AJ's was excellent but very expensive. The scallops appetizer was not good. The steak was amazing. Pink Taco - pretty good and moderate price. Hot salsa delicious. Try the salmon.One annoying thing, Casino and Pink Taco share one bathroom location! Crazy.Walk to strip is about a mile of uninteresting but seemingly safe sidewalk. Harmon is busy so cross at lights. Hotel has room service but no room service menu in sight. Also, we tipped maid second to last day and the next day we had horrible maid service (it was a good tip I swear!). No iron. They do have hairdryer. Mirror on head board is curious. I'm sure it is for something kinky but there's only one position you could use it from......I guess that's why they call it the hard rock.	
Jan 1 2004	Good time but resort fee is ridiculous	We stayed over X-Mas (2004) for 3 days at the Hard Rock Hotel. Had a great time. Comfy rooms and rates - at that time - were reasonable ($68). The guy at the check in gave us a room with a nice view towards The Strip. The pool area is closed during the winter time (which was a disappointment; only one small hot tub open). They still wanted to charge us the ridiculous $5 per day resort fee which we refused to pay. This is really one of the most annoying things. You can't use the gym (extra. $18), you can't use the pool and they still want to charge you a resort fee. I told them that this is just a rip off on every customer. Either include it in your hotel room rate or leave it.	
Dec 29 2003	Hit or Miss at the Hard Rock	The experience one has at the Hard Rock has a great deal to do with how busy they are. The one time I stayed at the hotel was during the week leading up to Christmas. This is the slowest season in Las Vegas, and I had mostly very good service at Hard Rock. Check in, restaurant service, room service, and maid service were all totally satisfactory. My time in the casino was also quite good with friendly dealers, pit bosses, and cocktail waitresses. I have had TERRIBLE experiences in the casino at other times I've played there, though. If you like to actually gamble, I suggest you avoid this place like the PLAGUE on Friday and Saturday nights! It is unbelievably noisy, dark, smoky, and FILLED with drunks who are way too busy ogling the girls than to play cards. Sometimes, the dealers get into the ogling as well. I don't care how much cleavage is bouncing by, it STILL shouldn't take 10 minutes to play one hand of blackjack! I also want to point out that I HATE the fact that the $25 chips at the Hard Rock are purple rather than green (which is standard). In the dim lighting, it is far too easy to mistake the $25 chips with the red $5 chips. I learned this the hard way when I accidentally bet two $25 chips when I meant to bet two $5 chips! Incidentally, I drew a 20 on that hand and STILL lost! Very disappointing... Still, the Hard Rock is a very nice place to stay AND gamble if you make sure to do it mid-week or during the daytime. From now on, if I'm staying there, I'll just head over to the strip to gamble at night. Aladdin is just down the street...	
Dec 20 2003	Fun even with kids....	Stayed here in August 2002 for my 30th birthday..Grandparents were all out of town so we had to take the kids, then 6 and 20 mos.Check in was slow, but the staff was nice. When they saw that it was my birthday, the gave me one of thier elusive &quot;funbooks&quot; and upgraded me to a pool/strip view.The rooms are very nice and mod. The hallways are lined with these annoying cymbals that everyone likes to hit! Surprisingly, we slept well both nights. It wasn't rowdy, even though there was some after party several doors down that security broke up..anyways..The pool was fantastic. We hit the pool early and we were one of the few people there. No one gets up before noon at this hotel! We got our beers in cool &quot;tiki&quot; cups that we got to keep.The food places were just average. We had breakfast at the cafe..just blah..didn't go to the other places, too over priced!I would comeback and stay, but with no kids, that's what the Flamingo is for!	
Dec 3 2003	anothe r user commented this hotel is so 80's maybe he should put his flock of seagulls c.d. back in	Whats this person talking about ( Hard Rock Hotel so 80's )Room was decorated very hip, clean and comfy-pay a little extra and request pool side room- balconies although you cant actually walk outto them french doors opened up to get a nuiice brezze in and for you to enjoy sounds and sights- speaking of sights thier is plenty at the pool and the pool is top notch sand bottom- music underwater etc.Staff needed some help with manners but besides that hotel is the only place ( minus Bellagio) to be at.So dust of the Depeche Mode and Duran Duran and hit the Rock	
Nov 21 2003	My Favorite Hotel In Vegas!	Next month will be the third time I have stayed in the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas, and it is absolutely my favorite hotel in Vegas. It is a small hotel by Vegas standards, with no shopping mall or elaborate casino, and has a very cozy feel. The pool is one of the best in Vegas, and the restaurants are unbelievable. The rooms are comfy and posh, as are the black leather and leopard fur elevators and casino. It's an especially great hotel if you have tickets to see a concert at The Joint, the best rock venue in America.	
Nov 14 2003	Fabulous	I was scared after reading bad reviews of the Hard Rock before going there last July. The pool was incredible. Service was great. Food at 24/7 was good and reasonable. I had a positive experience and would return. It is off the stripe so I would only stay there when weather is warm for pool use. Love Las Vegas.	
Oct 16 2003	Hard rock - Rocks!	Great Casino- great rooms- very clean and roomy. I was there with a couple of Navy buds I haven't partied with in years- the Hard Rock did us up right. + if your into it there is a strip joint right across the street- (Club Paradise) talk about ideal location.Only downside no Buffet.- If your 20-30ish and like to party this is the place for you to go!	
Sep 28 2003	Buyer Beware...	Beware of this place and its hidden charges. The place attempts to nickel and dime you at every turn. You won't find this out until checkout though when you view your bill. The room is nice eventhough parts of it are falling apart. Lots of young people but mostly guys...hint....The scene has shifted to the Palms. The Hard Rock is so 90's. LOL Needless to say I won't be staying there again.	
Aug 25 2003	Cool hotel lukewarm staff	Just returned from 3 nights there. We arrived on Monday at 12:30 am and were told that the hotel had oversold the rooms. Even though we had prepaid, there were no rooms available. A very nasty man at check in told us that we could go across the street &quot;on them&quot; to Alexis Park and come back tomorrow. After complaining, a room mysteriously opened up but we had to wait 1 hour for it to be ready. We were very tired still being on east coast time. But the bed was super comfortable, great mattress, and worth the wait. Man at check in was very unconcerned and did not offer us any compensation while we waited. The pool is fantastic, much better than other hotels in Vegas but staff came around and made everyone keep their chairs in single file &quot;fire code&quot; so you could not follow the sun if you were tanning. At check out we were told that there was a 5$ per day &quot;resort fee&quot; which was not included in the price of the room. I don't know what this was actually for. We refused to pay for the first night since we did not even get there until 12:30. Aside from these complaints which were totally related to the staff, the hotel itself is great. We had a pool view and the french doors actually open so you can lean out over pool. The crowd was cool and another plus, hardly any children. I would stay there again but I am now a little wiser about the staff.	
Aug 9 2003	Hopefully It Gets Better	Okay, so I've read all the negative reviews about Hard Rock and ignored them all. I hope I don't regret it. We have booked the rooms for mid next week and I'm already having an issue with the employees. I wanted to book a cabana at the pool on saturday and heard you must call right when they open (9AM) which is 10AM Colorado time. So I did and was told by Jennifer that there was already 5 people on hold. I asked if I could just go ahead and hold. So I did. Had the friends I'm going to Vegas with call also. I was on hold for 5 minutes, she called, got through and was told they were already booked! I, of course was still on hold. The moral of the story, believe what you read.	
Jul 21 2003	Great Pool	Overall we enjoyed our one night stay at the Hard Rock Hotel. The only problem we had is that they would not let us check into our room until 3:00. We arrived at noon and fortunately they gave us wrist bands so we could go out to the pool, which is one of the highlights of the hotel. We attended a concert at The Joint that night which was great as well. The Joint is a great place to see a show. Overall it was a great place to stay except for not being able to check in before 3:00.	
Jul 15 2003	Wonderful Rooms!	The best rooms ever in terms of comfort. The beds are plush; better than those at the W hotels. Din't want to get out of the bed all day and night! Probably not a good thing for the casino, but an excellent place to relax. Quite a suprise.	
Jul 14 2003	Fantastic	I almost cancelled my reservations for the Hard Rock this past June after reading negative reviews such as those posted on this board. I'm sure glad I didn't cause my experience was exactly opposite to that of the naysayers. We're 43, 45 and 54 yrs. old and I dare say we had as good a time, if not better, than any 20-30 yr. olds there. We stayed there Thursday - Sunday and didn't have 1 bad experience. We got there at 8am so our room wasn't ready - no problem - checked our bags with the valet, changed into our suits and had a great time at the pool for the day. By 3pm our room was ready. We simply asked nicely and they upgraded our room to a pool view no problem. All the staff was very friendly, including bar staff. After 3 days quite a few knew our names by heart. If you're friendly to them you'll get it right back, if you act like you expect to get your *** kissed, don't expect much in return. Tables are good, several $5 tables for the minimum betters. Good odds on the craps tables, not just double like some have said. Only ate at the Sushi rest., which was great. Don't bring the kids and expect a party, you'll have a blast. Not that it matters but hanging by the pool and gambling with the likes of Pauly Shore, 50 cent, and the remaining members of The Grateful Dead was pretty cool too.	
Jul 14 2003	Best summer vacation!	I was really surprised how wonderful my stay at Hard Rock was! The Pool of course was awesome, and the young crowd was both tempting and tame! I can't say enough about the quality of the rooms as well...both simple and clean as well as elegant! It's not a problem getting to the strip either with the shuttle running on the hour. All in all, the Hard Rock will be seeing me again as a future visitor!	
Jun 6 2003	If you love pretty women....	Like the title says, if you love pretty women, this is the place to go. I read the reviews about the lousy service, I had no problem. The pure density of sexy, fine women at this place, was tremendous. Going to the strip during the day was pointless, its all about the pool at the hotel. I was there on Monday and Tuesday, and still was impressed with the chicks. Just wish I could have stayed longer.	
Jun 2 2003	Nightlife beyond belief		
May 12 2003	Awesome!		
May 7 2003	An interesting place		
Apr 15 2003	Loved it!		
Apr 8 2003	Not very relaxing!		
Mar 19 2003	Hard Rock Rocks		
Feb 3 2003	The Best!		
Feb 1 2003	A Balanced review.		
Nov 8 2002	Also a Terrible Experience		
Oct 20 2002	Hard Rock Hotel is the worst!		
Nov 21 2009 	Sehr schönes Hotel nur seit weit weg vom Strip		
Nov 10 2009 	Geweldig		
Oct 21 2009 	Fantastico!		
Oct 19 2009 	Haben mehr erwartet		
Oct 19 2009 	Concerts !!!		
Oct 15 2009 	Bello... dentro!		
Oct 12 2009 	Schöne Zimmer im neuen Paradise Tower aber mieser Service und what you get is NOT what you see		
Oct 2 2009 	Décevant		
Sep 6 2009 	TRoppo lontano dalla strip		
Sep 3 2009 	SUPER!!!!!! Meer woorden zijn overbodig		
Aug 24 2009 	muy bueno solo que........		
Nov 12 2008 	Fantastico!!		
Oct 29 2008 	ROCK???????????????		
Sep 16 2008 	???????????		
May 22 2008 	Bestes Hotel überhaupt!		
