Jun 27 2008	OK - typical Courtyard by Marriott	Decent hotel, away from the strip. Plenty of good restaurants (chain and non-chain) near-by. The hotel needed some updating but is a typical Courtyard by Marriott. The staff was excellent and tried hard to please. My assigned room was for a handicap person. I requested a regular room, but the only one they had was without a refrigerator and microwave. By that evening, they installed the frig and micro. I would stay here again on business.	
Nov 13 2007	Decent Hotel away from the strip	I recently stayed here for an event that I was attending in the Las Vegas area. Hotel was very clean and friendly helpful staff. The room we had was on the 3rd floor at the very end and in the morning it was a little noisy, but othewise good. Comfortable bed. My only complaint about the room would be the TV. Cable connection wasn't great and it kept going in and out, but no big deal. Wasn't there to watch TV. Buffet breakfast in the morning had a good selection, and not bad price for $9.95.	
Jul 13 2007 	Not terrible but not what I expect from Marriott.	This hotel is in an easy to access location in north Las Vegas if you're doing business in Summerlin. My main complaint about the hotel was the air conditioning units. Rather than having a thermostat in the room, there are window units that are LOUD. I can normally sleep through anything but woke up every hour with the cycling of this AC unit.Upon arrival, my coworker was allowed to check in early, but I was not. This is odd considering that I am a Marriott Rewards member and he is not. The first room I finally got into smelled very heavily of ammonia (the urine kind, not the cleaning kind.) No amount of airing out the room helped, so I requested to be placed in another room and was accommodated promptly.The bathroom and sheets were clean enough, and the mattress was reasonably comfortable. There were an abundance of pillows so I could choose one that fit me fairly well.	
Feb 16 2007 	Great for what it is	We arrived on Super Bowl Sunday and wanted a place to crash that night after a long day of travel. This night served as a rest/recovery/get used to pst night before heading to the MGM Signature for 5 nights. This is a cat 2 Marriot property and we snagged it free for 10,000 Marriot points. The hotel is easy to locate--on Rainbow and near many good restaurants. We ate at the closest one--Dave's Famous BBQ--this was a walk across a bank parking lot that took two or three minutes. I recommend Dave's by the way--excellent value and large portion sizes!The hotel is clean and well-maintained. It seems as though many business travelers stay there--lots of 40-60 year old males in polo shirts lurking about. Also, this property attracts military guests as we noticed many in combat fatigues.We ate at the breakfast buffet on property--it opens at 6am which was a godsend, given we were traveling from the est. The buffet is nothing spectacular, but serves its purpose, but is a slight rip-off at $12.99. After breakfast, we headed over to Red Rock Canyon before going to the signature. It was an easy drive to Red Rock from the Marriot.recommended..	
Sep 30 2006 	LOVED it..great for business travellers	Currently undergoing construction it's a bit dusty and disheveled, but I absolutely LOVE this courtyard for Vegas business trips. It's close to everything, highways, restaurants, stores. It also has very thick walls, I can normally at least hear a TV through the wall, this hotel, nothing! What a treat, a good night's sleep! When the renovation is done it will be amazing.	
Mar 14 2006	Good Value	Rooms are fine. Non-smoking a pleasure. Hi speed internet in all rooms and WiFi in lobby. All employees are courteous and friendly. I would return.	
Jul 15 2005 	Had A Great Experience	My husband and I were recently in Las Vegas for a convention. We first made reservations for the hotel and then read the reviews on this website, after reading what was posted I was a little nervous as to what to expect. What we found was an awesome staff that gave me directions via cell phone at midnight on how to find the hotel. We were always greeted very warmly when we left and returned, the room was great and we were very impressed with housekeeping. The area is packed with restaurants and shopping and the short commute to downtown Vegas wasn't bad. I would definately stay here next time we visit Las Vegas.	
Jun 22 2005	Decent and Clean but starting to get shabby	We stayed for 4 nights in this hotel. The location was quiet--or seemed that way--the a/c unit in our room was so loud--so who could really tell? Housekeeping did a great job keeping the room clean and did so in a timely fashion. However, it was quite apparent that the place is beginning to get shabby. The carpet, while vacuumed daily, could use a good shampooing. The furniture was starting to get worn--the bed was on the saggy side. Some months ago, I read that Marriott was getting rid of bedspreads in all its properties. So imagine my surprise to find a well-worn bedspread on the bed! We only tried the breakfast buffet on the morning we checked out. Like all Courtyard buffets, it was decent. We were surprised to find out that if you got your eggs to order, there would be an extra charge! The other days, we ate breakfast at the Suncoast buffet which was much cheaper with better variety. The hotel is in a safe location--we never once felt threatened. However, we felt that saying this hotel was in Summerlin seemed to be pushing it. Summerlin actually seems to start on the other side of the freeway. I'm not sure if we would stay here again when we need to be in the Summerlin area. On one hand, the rates were reasonable, but on the other hand, it may be well worth it to spring for a nicer and a bit pricier place.	
May 4 2005	Courtyard hotel	Hotel is located about 12 miles outside of Las Vegas. Rooms are ok. first non- smoking room we were put in smelled of smoke, so they moved us.Breakfast not included. but continental buffet was reasonable. Use of their computer to check e-mail was 49 cents a minute. versus being free at the holiday inn we stayed at on our arrival in LV. Lots of stores and restaurants around.	
Jun 3 2004	Standard Buisness Hotel	I have stayed here twice this year for 10 nights each stay. The hotel staff were very polite and courteous. The rooms were clean. The views are plain, but the hotel overall is a great place for business travelers with free high speed internet, a small workout room, and laundry facilities. Depending on your reasons for coming to Vegas, stay here for an above average experience, but don't expect the Vegas glitz.	
Sep 15 2003	Good stay	I stayed at the Courtyard Las Vegas/Summerlin over the Labor Day weekend (Friday/Saturday August 29-30, 2003).My stay was free because I had a free weekend certificate (Marriott Rewards Category 1-4 from the summer promotion), but even if I had to pay, it was very reasonably priced for a holiday weekend ($71/night with the &quot;Come Out and Play&quot; weekend promotion).I loved the courteous, professional staff at check-in and tasteful decor of the guest room and public areas. There was a guest business center as well, and a full American breakfast buffet (including coffee and juice) was only $7.95/person, which is about the same price you would pay at a hotel-casino buffet--except you are seated immediately and don't have to wait in line for an hour like you would on a holiday weekend at a casino buffet.The rooms were spotlessly clean and well-stocked. You will have a good night's sleep because the hotel is very quiet (most of the guests are business travelers) and don't have to worry about drunken rowdies. There is shopping and dining nearby and the hotel has convenient freeway access to both US-95 and the Summerlin Parkway.I will definitely consider this hotel again on a future trip.	
