Nov 24 2009 	nice hotel just one block to fremont street experience	Room was very clean. King size bed had a light down comforter with a bright white sheet(bedspread) covering it. As new occupents of the room move in the cover sheet (bedspread) is also changed. I have been in a few luxury hotel rooms with beautiful thick, fluffy bedclothes making me wonder &quot;when was the last time this stuff was laundered and changed&quot; Here at Main Street Casino you can rest assured that you are not sleeping under someone elses dust and dirt. Bathrooms were also spotless, however they are on the small side with tub/shower close to the toilet. Adequate sink ares is outside the bathroom. If your room faces the interstate you will hear some traffic noise. Casino clean, food (great buffet) and microbrew great. Employees friendly and helpful. One block walk to the Plaza which is at the beginning of the Fremont Street Experence.	
Nov 21 2009 	Really satisfied	This is another option way past the strip off the Fremont Pavillion. It is priced right ($45 a night for me) and offers great quality bedding and linen. It was clean and cozy. The drawbacks are the same as any as far as the Fremont location as you have a twenty minute ride on the Deuce (double-decker bus) to the Strip. If public transport isn't your style, this may not work for you. Taxis, by the way, are really expensive in Vegas.One note is that the food we had there was really sub-par. We should have learned after the first time, but we went back again. Eat outside the casino if you are picky about that.	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice rooms and a very good buy!	I visited here in June 2009. Main Street Station sleeping rooms are so nice. Clean and fresh rooms. The bedding was soft, fresh and appeared new. The bathroom was even fresh looking! My room view looking towards downtown was nice. The night lights were so colorful right from my hotel room. I felt safe and I felt clean my whole visit here at this hotel. The buffet meal in the large resturant was good. What a selection of foods. The wait staff was also so sweet! This hotel is such a good buy! The hotel is close to the city bus line and I rode the city bus to and from &quot;The Strip&quot;. The hotel is also 2 blocks or less to &quot;The Fremont Experience.&quot; There's even an enclosed people walkover to the neighboring hotel and more shops! Cool! What a great stay!	
Nov 2 2009 	Very good stay at MSS	We chose to stay in old Vegas on this trip and I booked MSS due to the good ratings from tripadvisor. I was happy with my stay, the price was good, the rooms were clean and bed was comfortable. We were on the interstate side but that didn't really bother me. It is a short walk to the Fremont St. experience. Pros: nice rustic hotel with alot of charm, good buffet and restaurant on premises, good location just off Fremont street (quiet at night since you're not right near the action)Cons: may be far for people to walk to Deuce stop, but we are young so it wasn't a big deal, about 5 minutes. We walked the whole strip actually - from Mandalay Bay to RivieraThe daily slot tournament was fun too, I won $95!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel in old Las Vegas	If you are looking to stay near Old Las Vegas, this is the place to stay. It is a block off Old Las Vegas, making it quiet at night (ask for a room not facing the Interstate). The rooms are very nice and the brew pub is good (unfortunately, no IPA on the casino floor). Food prices are very reasonable and the quality is very good. I liked this better than the Bellagio. The only downside is there is not a pool in the hotel, but it is a short walk across the connecting bridge to the sister hotel - a shorter walk than some hotels.	
Oct 8 2009 	Get the most for your buck by staying at Main Street Hotel	We had excellent service while staying at the Main Street. The rooms are not luxurious but were very clean and met our needs. Being downtown, close to the outlets was convenient for us. The best part was the meal package that the hotel offers. We were able to eat for free and the delicious buffets and at their &quot;sister&quot; hotels (i.e. Sam's Town). I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends!!	
Oct 1 2009 	Can't Decide Which Is Better	My last trip to Vegas, I stayed at the Californian (the adjoining hotel) and loved it there; however, I found MSS to be everybit as nice as the CAL. It will just be a cointoss to see which I stay at over Christmas. The only difference was that the MSS sent me a card for reduced rate and a free night which The CAL never did. The only problem was the food in both casinos was soooo good! I think I gained 5 pounds (or maybe it wa that delicious ice cream in walk over). Don't even think about leaving without trying that ice cream! I never made it down to the Strip; didn't need to go.	
Aug 24 2009 	I love this hotel	We go to Vegas at least three times each year and this is the only hotel that I have stayed at more than once. I really like this little hotel. It is very neat and clean throughout especially in public restrooms, restaurant and rooms. The beds are super comfortable with pillow top mattresses and down comforters. The casino was not very smoky this trip - maybe they've corrected the ventilation problem or maybe people don't smoke as much as they used to. Parking is easy, valet and bell are super kind, check in easy, room was always cleaned in a.m. Quiet in rooms. What more can you ask for?	
Aug 24 2009 	My best stay ever	The hotel room is really great. Elegance design and clean. I miss the bed very much, it’s really comfortable. Their service is very good also. My hubby and I have been driving from LA and arrived hotel earlier. We were so tired after sleepless night, and the staff are so thoughtful. They let us check in early and we were so surprise with the room condition with the price we paid. The buffet at hotel is cheap and nice as well.	
Aug 16 2009 	Very clean and an excellent value	The rooms are clean &amp; recently renovated. Everyone that I dealt with at the hotel was pleasant. If you are looking for a super fancy hotel with spas &amp; other mega hotel amenities go elsewhere. If you are looking for a safe &amp; clean room Downtown where the gaming &amp; dining are much cheaper, this is an excellent choice. It's the most laid back place I've stayed at in LV. The breakfast buffet was excellent and had lots of healthy selections.	
Aug 2 2009 	Stayed many times at Main Street Station but first review!	We have stayed at this nice hotel many times, but we have never completed a formal review till now. It is about time we report the positives staying at Main Street Station as experienced by us. My husband and I stayed at the Main Street Station for first three nights of our July trip, arriving July 19th, a Sunday, at about 10:30 a.m. We usually have to wait for our room to be ready at MSS and they did not have a king room available at this time as well. However, there was a high floor,two queen, non-smoking room facing away from the highway available at that time so we gladly accepted this option. The spotless room had two beds with a bedside table between them with a clock, two comfy chairs at a table by the window, a decent sized desk and huge mirror, television and roomy dresser drawers. Enough room and hangers in the closet area also and the room itself was not small or crowded. For description purposes, the inroom safe in the closet has a key instead of the electronic keyless entry. The room is bright as the windows are from one end of the room to the other. There are shutters which do a good job of blocking out the daylight if you prefer it dark, but we keep them open all the time. The beds were soooooo comfortable and far better than the bed at the Golden Nugget that we stayed at for the next three nights. The bedspreads are the ones that can be washed regularly instead of the ones you see at other hotels questioning if you are the first to see it after cleaning. This room had a small dorm size refrigerator, but this was the first time we have had a frig in our room. Came in handy for the water, soft drinks, and the leftover cheesy garlic bread with marinara sauce from Triple 7 for a midnight snack for my husband. The room is also equipped with a hair dryer in the sink area which is outside the bathroom. This separate room of bath/shower/toilet from the vanity/sink area enables both of us to get ready at the same time. The vanity has enough space to put all our &quot;stuff' on it. The bathroom is big enough for the tub and toilet and not much more. The shower head is installed lower than the norm, however, so my husband had to adjust it, but it was fine for my five foot two self. Air conditioning worked perfectly and we had no issues with maid or checkout service either. A railroad track next to MSS did have a train traveling on it once during the night, but it did not bother us. We saw the time and temperature from our room atop the Fitz or Binions which was quite handy. Not fancy, but super clean, roomy, and bright. There is no pool on the premises, but they offer the California pool across the skyway. We do not use this pool here so could not comment on it.We are frequent visitors to the Triple 7, which has a good weekday happy hour, TVs all over to watch a game and a very pleasant atmosphere overall. There is a sushi bar onto one side, but we have not used it. Good food in Triple 7 at decent prices with or without specials and the microbrews are very good, the best we have tasted in Las Vegas. We like the Triple 7 and the atmosphere throughout this casino. Not recently, but we have eaten at their beautiful buffet and we will return. The chef making the omelets is quite entertaining. We frequent this casino and recognize the same staff there year after year so it must be a pleasant working environment there.In my opinion, this is the most interesting casino downtown as there are many wonderful and beautiful antiques, stained and uniquely etched glass purchased from throughout the world, even a portion of the Berlin Wall in the casino's mens room. The lobby is a beautiful reminder from yesteryear. Except for the mens room, I do a little tour every time I am in this casino admiring these &quot;finds&quot;. Not often can you be playing blackjack under huge and beautiful stained glass ceiling and antique chandeliers. Even if you need to have to stay in a fancy room on the Strip, you should come here just once to see how interesting this casino is. You will regret not bringing your camera!	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Value with atmosphere!	We stayed two weekends with a trip through Utah &amp; Arizona in between. First weekend received a free upgrade to a suite. Very nice except it was on the &quot;freeway&quot; side. Loud traffic even on the 16th floor. Second weekend our room was on the &quot;plaza&quot; side. We were on the 17th floor with a king bed. Not a suite but a very large room. I had read reviews about the train noise. We only noticed the train noise one night about 11PM to 12AM (1 hour). It wasn't really an issue for us. The rooms are clean and spacious. Extremely pleasant staff. The hotel is nostalgic in design and atmosphere. I would definately recommend this hotel. Very reasonably priced. The restaurants were great too, especially the buffet (huge).	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent Value!	My DH and I stayed here in July for 1 night. We have never stayed downtown and since we were arriving on a Saturday, this seemed like a good (and economical) choice to give DT a try. We arrived at 9:30 am and were promptly given a room. Asked for a quiet room and that is exactly what we got! We could see the FSE lights from our room, but could not hear any noise (including from the trains). ROOM was very clean and everything worked well. Only negative is the size and age of the bathroom. Shower head was so short DH had to tip it all the way up to be able to even get under it. Tile and grout were old and stained up, but kept clean in spite of the age.FOOD - only had the Champagne Brunch. It was good, as MSS buffet usually is. Had 2/1 coupon so it was also very inexpensive. Brought the champagne in little plastic cups. Kind of seemed odd as everything else seemed pretty upscale. Definitely not a big deal though.Love the CASINO - always have! Overall very good stay. Good rooms, good customer service, good food and great casino! We definitely plan to stay here again, but for more then 1 day next time!	
Jul 14 2009 	Couldn't beat the price but still like the strip better	My husband and I have spent lots of time on the strip in past vacations and decided to check out old town because it was cheaper. I could not believe that when I booked our room at the Main Street Station that it was only $41!!! What a steal! For the price, everything was great. I would definitely recommend staying here if you like old town. My only complaint is that the A/C could hardly keep up in our first room. It was 100+ outside. The front desk was very accommodating and moved us to a different room after a few hours. Ask for a view room on a high floor, if you don't want to overlook the freeway. In general though, we far prefer the atmosphere and variety of things to do on the strip.	
Jul 6 2009 	Another great stay at the MSS	Just arrived back from Vegas, stayed at the MSS for four nites, rooms are always comped, this time we received an Aloha coupon booklet for food (nver had to pay for a meal in 4 days) Rooms are clean, there is a fridge and safe. Staff are friendly, the slot tournament is a blast. MSS is not far from Freemont Street, you can walk to the Plaza in less than 5 minutes. There is nothing to be afraid of walking down the street, if you are worried, just walk over the bridge to the CAL and cut into the back door of Binions. I tried the GN for 3 nites, and it was okay but I felt more at home at the MSS. Hubby won lots of money on the slots at the MSS and the CAL. There is a new lounge open at the Vegas Club featuring the Next Movement - who are great. Check it out.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nice option downtown!	My friends and I stayed at the MSS June 27, 2009 in Room 529.The Good: Room was clean and seemed to be updated. Has a safe. Price was right for sure. Friendly helpful staff. Casino has great odds and friendly dealers. The Buffet is decent and convenient. If you want the true buffet experience, this isn't the one to go to but it is good if you just need a break for the tables.The Bad: This hotel is not ON Freemont street, it is 2 blocks off. Walking to Freemont isn't bad, but don't go solo at night. It is a little shady on the street from MSS to Freemont.	
Jun 22 2009 	We loved staying downtown at the Main Street Station	We just got back from another trip to Las Vegas. We've gone once a year for the past several years and always have a great time. We've stayed on the strip a few times, but over the last few years have preferred to stay just off the strip at places like the Orleans, Gold Coast and the South Point. This time we got a great deal on the Main Street Station and decided to give staying downtown a try. We had been to MSS once before to eat at their good buffet and remembered it as vaguely nice, but I was still a little hesitant to be downtown and away from the Fremont Street Experience at that,. They rate we got for 4 nights was great so we gave it a try. Location: MSS is just a very short and safe walk from Fremont St and is only a few blocks off the interstate highway that more of less parallels the strip. Getting to strip hotels was quick enough (although traffic in Las Vegas just keeps getting worse every year).Food: We only ate at the buffet for a couple of meals and it was good, but not as great as I remembered. The buffet room may be the most beautiful in town. Staff: Everyone we encountered at the hotel was great and very friendly.Rooms: The rooms are fairly comparable to the other places we've stayed. Very nice, but not overly plush. My one disappointment was not having a coffee pot in the room. Since there is no coffee shop in the hotel (there is one at the California which is connected to the MSS by an elevated walkway) you are forced to leave the hotel or get it from a casino bar.Casino: We did not play much there but it is very nice and not smoky.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good placeGood price	I enjoyed my stay at the Mainstreet Station.Rooms are clean,A/C worked fine.They have there own brewary,Had hot wings at 4:30 AM.What is better than that.We almost always stay downtown and have stayed in almost all casino/hotels there.This one ranks very high(maybe the GN a bit nicer),for the price this is the place you want to stay.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Place to stay	Booked MSS through Hotels.com as we needed to arrive Saturday and leave Monday ,5 of us stayed and check in was efficient and we got adjoining rooms with a rollaway bed. The rooms were big enough and clean .The casino was great, really friendly clientele, the buffet great and really cheap with vouchers and the 77 brewery restaurant superb.Its in a good location not too far from Fremont.Our only criticism would be that the rooms were very noisy at night but that would not stop me staying there again.	
May 23 2009 	Great place to stay! Good casino too	I stayed here with my husband for 3 days. We had a very big room. Both the bedroom and bathroom were clean. The hotel apparently has been voted as having the best buffet in Vegas. We didn't try the buffets at other places so can't really compare, but we were very impressed with the Main Street buffet. We really loved the casino too. There was a very friendly vibe about the place and it wasn't pretentious at all (which we found to be the case with other, top-end, casinos). Plus the minimum bet on games such as roulette was lower at Main Street, which suited our budget.I guess the main drawback to Main Street is that it is not on the Strip, but we didn't find it to be a problem - we either got the Deuce bus (which stops about 1 minute walk away) or drove. (All the attractions on the Strip we went to have parking). It is within easy walking distance of the Fremont St experience and the many casinos in that area.I would definitely stay here again.	
May 15 2009 	LOVE this place - Best in Vegas!	If you are looking for a cool, friendly, non-mega-resort hotel, book now! The casino is fabulous with a wide array of games and boy were we lucky! All the cool antiques give this place a feel of real old-time Las Vegas. It's very affordable and off the beaton path which allows for you to relax. Sister properties California &amp; Fremont are also great gaming options, and you can use the pool on the roof of the California.I will ONLY stay here from now on!	
Apr 22 2009 	Kiddie Free Hotel in Downtown	Stayed for a weekend with an old high school friend who chose the hotel. Having stayed on the strip many times, I would not have thought of staying in this hotel but was pleasantly surprised. I could leave 6th floor and be out on the gaming floor in less than 5 minutes! The downtown scene is a fresh change from the strip, and worth spending a night or two checking out.	
Apr 5 2009 	Good value...like a casino in Hawaii	We've stayed at Main Street Station several times over the years when meeting up with family from Hawaii. It really does feel like I'd imagine a casino in Hawaii (at least the people there :). It isn't a fancy place, but it's well kept and has a bit of a homey feel to it.I'm not a huge fan of the Fremont street area, but gambling in the California and Main Street are pretty relaxing to me.	
Mar 26 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	The strip gets pricey on the weekends and my wife had never seen the Fremont street experience so I booked a Fri/Sat here. I had been to the brew pub on a previous trip and liked the selection of ales. We had fun and I would definitely stay here again. We are budget travelers and have no qualms about catching the bus (duece) to go to strip attractions.	
Feb 12 2009 	A great Location	What a great place to stay! Very comfortable and everyone friendly! Ours needs were met even with a coffee pot in the room. It's very close to the Fremont Experience. We'll stay again when we go to Las Vegas.	
Feb 10 2009 	Not Bad for Downtown	I have been to Vegas many times but have never stayed downtown so I thought I'd try the Main Street Station for 1 night. The hotel itself is fine - lobby is designed in a faux old west motif. Check in and out was quick and the brew pub had prompt service and ok food. The room (17th floor) was nice and a bit larger than expected, but I still heard train noise at night. The neighborhood is sketchy and even though I am a NYer by birth, was a little uncomfortable walking the 2 blocks back from the delightfully tacky Fremont Street Experience at night.Room was very cheap - $36 plus tax. It's a deal, but a long way from the Strip.	
Feb 3 2009	Main Street Station-a great place in Vegas	Close to Fremont St, but a world away. Few children, beautiful rooms and friendly, helpful staff. If you prefer a little calmer atmosphere, this is the place for you. Perfect retreat after a day on the strip, or Fremont Street, good food and nice casino - what more could you want!	
Jan 1 2009 	What a bargain	We had visited the Main St. Casino last year on a trip Downtown and thought we would like to stay there for Christmas 08. We booked back in February and got a $40 a night rate! Our room was as good as we expected. Following on from Tripadvisor advice we asked for an odd numbered room and got one on the 11th floor with good view. We ate &amp; drank mainly in the 777 Brewery pub or in the Cal across the bridge. And both were very good.Gambling was fun and quiet apart from the Saturday night which was as busy as you'd expect for a Vegas weekend. One small gripe was that their one roulette table didn't open until 12 noon so we couldn't play our favourite table game in the morning.The whole Freemont Street experience was fantastic and so much more fun than being squashed and trampled on the Strip. What has happenend to the skyline up there? Even the once proud Strat is being dwarfed. Less is more people!!	
Dec 7 2008 	Very nice casino and rooms	We stayed 1 night to check out the freemont experience. I decided to book my stay at The Main Street station casino hotel. Very nice casino with Beutiful hotel. Check in was quick and easy.We stayed on the top floor and had a very nice room and view of freemont street. Casino was good not to busy when we stayed.Freemont expereince is a must see for anyone going to Vegas.The microbrewery at Main Street Station was fair average price and average food. I would stay their again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Excellent for the price	This hotel is really beautiful with nice and clean rooms. Nothing fancy compared to The Golden Nugget but for the price ($40), it was an excellent deal. It seems that the odd-numbered rooms are more quiet.Parking fee is $3 but you get your money back at the cashier.	
Sep 27 2008 	Excellent Buffet	I ate at the Buffet twice at the Main Street Station hotel and casino it was better than marvelous. The buffet is all day long serving breakfast, lunch and dinner. The cost for breakfast was under $10.00 and you can use you points obtained on a players club card if you game at all during your stay or visit at the hotel. It has hotel rooms, a casino a full bar (alcohol beer mixed drinks) and of course the buffet was excellent. I would eat here all the time how good it was. They have one of my favorites kelbasi and smoked at the buffet and is rather large like the one at the Orleans hotel and casino we got this free for joining their players club at this casino and hotel on Tropicana. Las vegas is a great but you have to travel with others is safer never by yourself. Great backpacking experience for first timers to visit las vegas nevada.	
Aug 25 2008 	A Real Old Fashoined Vegas Downtown Gem!	This was my first time staying here and I was very pleased. I received a mail offer for 2 free nights. The offer included weekends. This offer was based on play I did last Sept. 2007, only 2 hours play or so, less than 1000 points. I stopped in just to try their home brewed beer, which is very good. I booked a room for myself for Aug. 22nd-24th and they gave me a second room for my sister at the casino rate, $53 a night. There were 5 of us total in 2 rooms.Check-in was fast and easy. We were given adjoining rooms on the 17th floor facing Fremont Street, 1709 &amp; 1711. Even though these were smoking rooms, you couldn't smell a whiff of tobacco odor. Not any at all! The rooms are large and come with a fridge and in-room movies. No room service though. The beds are comfy with a pillow top. The pillows are soft so you may want to bring your own. See pics. Elevator service was fast and efficient the entire trip as well.Food: We ate at The 777 BrewPub for dinner. A 16oz prime rib or Ribeye dinner is $13.95. Nothing was more than $13.95. There is also a sampler of all their beers for $5.50. The food was excellent but the service is a bit slow and overworked. They take your drink and food order at the same time. The menu has everything you would find at a sportsbar or Applebee's type place. LCD TVs incircle the dining area so you can watch the game, boxing, or car race while you eat.We had breakfast in the buffet, which was more like brunch. It was $6.95 per person and very good! There were tons of choices including Chinese and pizza. Drinks are brought to your table and served in large tumblers, 32oz size! We had no complaints about the food in Main St. There is also a high end steak house &quot;The Pullman Grill, about $30 per person. The casino was just OK for me. My sis and younger brother made out better than I but don't expect to win a huge amont, just enough to keep playing for awhile. There was no problem with cigarette smoke in the casino. It was well ventilated. Join the slot club and they will probably invite you back based on how much you play. We are just low rollers but this place caters to us. There are lots of Hawaiians staying here I noticed. They are good casinos mates; they play big, are quiet and don't bother anybody. In fact, all the clientele were very polite and unselfish, unlike other places I've stayed at recently. People would hold doors open for you or hold the elevators for each other. It was very nice.	
Aug 1 2008 	Lots of Aloha here!	Booked through Vacations Hawaii. MSS was fantastic. Quiet, clean, comfortable. Great staff. Buffet excellent. 777 Brew Pub excellent. Walking distance to Fremont Street. The best part is the Aloha Specialties restaurant on the walkway connecting to the Cal. The saimin with tofu was so ono!!If you are local- the MSS is the best downtown of the Boyd properties. We had a great time and can't wait to go back next year!	
Jul 31 2008 	Nothing flashy....but very nice!!	We were in Vegas for a wedding and chose Main Street as our home away from home. The cost was terrific, the place was very clean and, overall, we had a very nice stay!!The food at the lunch buffet wasn't anything to write home about but it was hot and there was plenty!!Friend had recommended it to us and we won't hesitate to stay there again. Getting in and out of the place was a piece of cake unlike some spots would be on the strip.The casino employees very very courteous and pleasant.Again, nothing flashy but a very nice place to stay!!	
Jul 17 2008 	Great Every Time	This was our fourth trip to the Main Street Station Hotel/Casino. I really like this property - very relaxed and low key. The rooms are always comfortable and quiet. Good TV stations to watch, iron, hair dryer, lotion, etc. The bathroom could use some upgrading. The Main Street Sation and the ajoining California Hotel really cater to the island people. Our family stayed here in 2006 for our family reunion (almost 100 of us from Hawaii and the mainland). Our rooms included coupons for three free meals a day at the restaurants on the property but we didn't use them all. Many of our meals were eaten at the Aloha Specialties Restaurant just across the catwalk to the Califonia Hotel. By the way, if you have left over food coupons, you can trade them for to-go items at the small cafeteria-style cafe on the bottom floor of the California Hotel. We traded our coupons for to-go pastries, drinks, candy, etc before we left for our trip home. There are many antiques to see and the place is just beautiful to look at. There is part of the Berlin Wall in the Men's restroom next to the Buffet. Fittingly, there are urinals attached to it. Hahah!On this last trip my nephew won $3368 on a progressive quarter machine. Sweet! We get free room offers all the time from the Main Street Hotel. We took advantage of the deal this last time, three days, two nights, all for free. Service was excellent and so was the room. The 777 Brewery is a great place to eat and visit. They are not open for breakfast but you could eat at the buffet or do as we did and cross over the catwalk to the Califonia Hotel and eat at the coffee shop downstairs. They also take your food coupons there. Spam, rice and eggs! Broke-da-mout! Ono!!! :-)	
Jul 1 2008 	I've Had Better Rooms Downtown	I've stayed at the 4 Queens, The Fremont and El Cortez and my room at MSS, #1427 was the most disappointing. I like to add a new hotel on eachof my visits and thought MSS would be a real treat, wrong! If they've done any remodeling to the rooms this one was skipped. I've never seen so many color schemes in one room. I'm not big on decor but this was butt ugly! Obviously the people at registration are not trying to impress new guests as I was placed in a room with the railroad tracks right outside my window. Needless to say the train whistle woke me up a couple of times during the night out of a dead sleep.I also found the hotel to be too far away from the other properties so in that respect, I wouldn't stay there again. The hotel does get a lot of great reviews so I'm chocking up my experience to being placed in one of their less desirable rooms. Just be sure to ask for a room away from the train tracks.The hotel itself is lovely especially the registration area. The champagne brunch was delicious and I highly recommend their buffet. I didn't get a chance to eat anywhere else but will visit Triple 7 on a future trip.	
Jun 24 2008 	A whole different atmosphere	After we ate at the buffet last year we had to see if the rest of the hotel was as magnificent as the restaurant and the casino. After reading so many great reviews of MSS that we had to try it. It has an open, no rush, old fashion feel. I wanted to stand at the top of the stairs and just take it all in. The antiques were great. There was a little map with all the explainations of what each item was. I needed more time to see everything there and get pictures.The beds were very comfy, pillow top I think. Clean, quiet, not crowded. We had the elevator to ourself with very little wait. I usually have complaints about maintance in other hotels, but not this time. Everything was working. We ate at the buffet often. Tuesday was T-Bone night. It was great. The staff was always friendly and helpful. To get to and from Freemont Street go through California (Hotel)and Las Vegas Club if you don't want to be on the street, or walk down Main Street and see the other railcars. Parking was easy and free. No tickets to validate. Would reccommend it. It will be our first choise when we go back.	
Jun 20 2008 	what a cool hotel	We came down to Vegas from Sparks NV. We were going to Vegas to see Kenny Chesney. I dont particularly care for Vegas I like Reno/Sparks better. I dont like the Strip, too much xrated stuff on the street. Too Noisy. So we decided to stay in downtown Vegas.I chose Main Street Station because I loved the decor.The buffet was excellent. I read reviews about it being near the freeway and the train. I was concerned about the noise from that. We heard nothing. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean, the staff was great. It is really a beautiful hotel. If I ever go to Vegas again, I would stay at this hotel and highly recommend it. On a scale of 1-10 I give it a 15. Excellent value,excellent location.Nancy Sparks NV	
Jun 20 2008 	Brilliant just off freemont so not noisy	Wonderful, lovely property and casino, brilliant friendly staff, John the bellhop, especially nice, great rooms, we loved our stay, brilliant choice	
Jun 14 2008	Safe Secure 	Main Street Station: Las VegasDate: June 4,to 9th,2008Reviewer: Recent TripAdvisor Member , Kaneohe, Hi.Dad and I just returned from this short trip to Las Vegas.This review is for first time M.S.S. visitor's or someone who has not been there in six year's or more, like me.I remember Main Street Station well, after all this time. It was October 12, 2001 a month after 911. Security was very tight then. It is not as tight now, but there seems to be allot of Police, plain clothed undercover and Security at M.S.S. I have a disability to my hand and ware a sleeve and a glove. I know everywhere I go I am watched, I feel safe and secure. It does not bother me at all, being watched. Actually I feel privileged that I am constantly being watched over. So this is a plus at M.S.S. In fact at all the Casinos we went to Security followed us all around , I know it’s the same for Hawaii too. That’s my life. The room we were in only down side was the third floor roof top view of A/C, equipment. But I managed to take a few nice pictures I think, to make the best of my stay. I felt kind of dumb founded, Why you ask? Well I brought along my iron and hairdryer, like I did in 2001.This is all provided now. Wow! So check first before you pack.This trip was really for Dad to play all the Casino games to his heart content. This was not a Megabucks win but a Father &amp; Son’s fellowship jackpot. We had a wonderful time, enjoyed each other 247, you know what I mean. As they say you loose track of time, so true we forgot to eat and sleep the first 25 hours.I am a Lacto-Vegan so the food at the Garden Court Buffet was perfect for me. This is why the Boyd Hotel package was my choice. I Did not rent a car this time, so food needed to be at a walking distant for Dad, who is 84. God bless him, walking can be a slight problem in the heat of the day for him.The weather was perfect for him 70's 90's. spent most of the time in the Casinos.The room was the same as I remembered it in 2001,very comfortable.Had to turn the A/C down because of less humidity and dry air. The Good:I have very long hair,and washing my long hair and drying it makes it soft and limp. I loved it. Not like here in Hawaii which becomes very dry and brittle.  Not so Good:Is the usual , the dry skin problems,I washed my face with my hair conditioner which did a great job.You gain one and you have to compensate with the other conditions. You learn fast to lip balm first before you smile. Ha ha ha. Ouch! that hurts.All in all we had a very good stay at the Main Street Station nice and homely feel. The food was good, the people were kind and courteous, as I remembered our last stay in 2001. it is still great.If 18 months or more have passed or you have never stayed at a Boyd’s Hotel Casino Do sign up online for your Player's Gold card,before you get there. If you do, it will be real fast so you can start loosing your money even faster, or maybe “Hit the big one“, and with 4 of a kind, max bet you will receive a scratch card worth $$$$.I signed us up online for the Player’s Gold card because of our out dated Player’s card had expired.So after we received our luggage, we headed down stairs. It was fast and easy, I just handed the nice lady our copy of our registration, and we received our cards with spring card keeper within minutes, and was playing lose your money fast. Ha,ha,ha that’s Vegas yeah! (pupule) Crazy, insane. I do recommend, a higher floor if you want a better view of the far off strip. But if not, you will be down to the Casino in no time. We had an Ice and beverage Machine on our floor, Not sure if every floor has one.So there you have it ,our trip and stay at the Main Street Station and my few recommendations.  Dad had a blast playing The Twilight Zone 1 cent slots, near the entrance, He made $106 dollars in less than 20 minutes the morning of our departure. So you can say you win some and lose more most of the time. Good luck with your stay at the Main Street Station.We did.AlohaGT	
Jun 12 2008 	Great value	We were pleasantly surprised as we knew this was an &quot;older&quot; hotel. The rooms were nice and clean and they were very nice and helpful. The breakfast buffet was really good. We were on the south side and while we heard the train once in the night, that is about all that we heard. I would stay there again.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great value for money	Our group of 4 Brits stayed here for 3 nights at the end of May and couldn't have been happier with the well appointed rooms and great value breakfast buffet. The Triple 7 brewery within the Main Street Station produces some great beer and our meal at the Pullman Grill was one of the best we had during our stay in the US.If you're looking for great value in a nicely appointed hotel without all the over-the-top bling of some of the Strip resort hotels, give the Main Street Station a go. You may be surprised!	
Apr 5 2008 	North side room noise was unbearable for me.	The difference between a north side (even numbered) and south side (odd numbered) room at the Main Street Station is like night and day. Unfortunately the north side rooms are facing and just too close to a busy freeway. On the first night of my stay I got stuck in a north facing room 1416, and even on the 14th floor the sound and vibration of 18 wheeler after 18 wheeler mixed with the occasional (but very noisy) train was just too much for me to deal with. From around 1am-5am I got about 20 minutes of sleep (estimate), at which point I called the front desk and asked if any south side rooms had become available, there were none, although I was able to move to one the next day 1405.At various points during my tossing and turning I thought about going down to the casino to get drunk so I could pass out (I was only a little buzzed when I first tried to sleep), but the idea seemed a bit absurd and I figured I'd just fall asleep any second now...any second now...you get the point. Eventually I got about 4 hours sleep and moved to the south side room for the second night and that was just fine, but this was my third stay at Main Street and my first time getting stuck in a north room, and I strongly encourage anyone who is a light sleeper or who does not plan to pass out drunk to not accept a north facing room here.Either insist on a south facing room or ask them to transfer you to one of Boyd Gaming's many sister properties, there is the adjoining California, the nearby Fremont, as well as Gold Coast, The Orleans, Suncoast, and Sam's Town.Check-in time is 3pm, if you can't be there at or around that time you might get stuck with a north room. I showed up at 6pm on a non-holiday Monday and they didn't have a single south room. So if you are going to be late arriving, I suggest booking your room elsewhere unless you have experience sleeping in noisy environments or war zones or plan to bring earplugs.As far as the rooms, property and service goes I have absolutely no complaints. Check-in/check-out was a breeze, no wait at all. Cocktail service and restaurant wait staff were all quick and friendly. The property is well maintained and clean. The rooms themselves are very nice and underwent a recent renovation a few years ago. The beds are comfy, the rooms look great, bathrooms are decent if not overly large.One other problem is the property is just a bit isolated in the downtown area. While it isn't a long walk from Main Street Station to Fremont Street, it is a bit of a jaunt from Main Street Station to the middle or east end of Fremont Street. Walking from Main Street to El Cortez (for cheap roulette and BJ) and back was a real hike.As much as I have enjoyed my stays at Main Street Station for the most part, I doubt I'll be staying there again. They have tightened up their room offers since the renovation in 2005 (I don't get any offers anymore, used to get 3-4 nights free every 3 months with quarter level VP play).If staying downtown in the future I'll probably try Fremont or Four Queens, as much as I like Main Street I could just do without the noise and the additional hike.	
Apr 3 2008 	Good stay March29-31	We booked a Hawaiian Package through this hotel. Three weekend nights at $300 and that included 3 meal vouchers a day for two. We stayed in room1622 - had a view of the railroad. The room was good size with two comfy queen beds, two side chairs and a table. There was also a mini fridge and safe. Basic ammenities in the bathroom. The room was very clean and had no smoke smell in it. (The noise from the railroad was very faint so it didn't bother us.)The hotel had a free self-parking structure next to it that was patroled by security. Main Street also offered wireless internet if you bring your own laptop downstairs and sit in a little area by the Players Club slot machines. I observed several people using their laptops.Both valet and bell staff were quick and efficient.The casino had a good buffet and the prices beat any of the strip hotels and the food was as good as they get. They also have a micro-brewery/restaurant that made great sandwiches.This was one of the casinos with the least amount of smoke that I have come across in all my years of visiting Vegas. All in all - I will stay there again.	
Mar 25 2008	Classy for a low priced hotel	I stayed at this hotel in 2000 on my first trip to Vegas. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel. It was very reasonably priced was extremely classy for the forty bucks a night I paid. The Sunday brunch was great...great breakfast buffet and very friendly waitstaff. The pub in the hotel was a fun atmosphere with a fun karaoke night. Right near Fremont Street, where more of the locals play. And about five minutes from the Strip. Also...I recommend checking out The Attic Vintage Store...which is right down the street. Funky stuff!	
Mar 19 2008 	Motel Station - Overall a Good Stay	We recently had a 3 night stay at the Main Street Station and had an excellent - but not perfect - experience. First the decor of the public areas, the casino, front desk area and buffet, is very nice. They have gone to great effort to have nice antiques and train station furniture in the public area. The casino has a San Francisco 1890s atmosphere about it. It also seemed very quiet for a casino, none the loud sounds one often gets from a casino. The buffet was very inexpensive by Las Vegas standards and very good. The rooms are of average size. The beds were a little soft for me, although others may find them fine. Noise however, was a problem. We asked for a room opposite the freeway and they gave us one on the 14th floor; but, we could still hear the trains and I don't think there is anyway to escape them. They did wake me up a couple of times in the middle of the night.Our only problem was with the maid service. The maid removed our used towels but failed to leave us new ones. Unfortunately I didn't discover it until 1 in the morning when I came out of the shower. Ever try to dry yourself off with a hand towel? I suspect this is a one time problem that I won't hold against the hotel. We may very well return in the future.	
Mar 17 2008 	great atmosphere	This was our first time staying in Vegas. We stayed here from March 12-15 2008. I booked this hotel after reading the reviews from tripadvisor. The antique setting was a nice change of pace from the mirrors etc. found throughout Las Vegas. The rooms were comfortable and clean. The meals we ate in the Garden Room buffet were good and we especially enjoyed the shrimp and sushi in the Microbrewery restaurant. The few things I have to complain about are that our non-smoking room was on the side of the freeway and when I called the desk to ask if we could be moved the desk clerk stated that they only had a smoking room available away from the freeway. They also do not offer wireless internet in the room. I just assumed since most hotels offer this that they would too but I was wrong. You had to take your computer, if you had on down to the players club area and sit at tables that were by the slot machines. To print out boarding passes you had to pay $3.00 to get on their computer with a printer for 3 minutes. It would be nice if they would offer to do it for you for a nominal fee. I talked to one guest and it might be the norm in Las Vegas not to offer wireless internet in the room, as they don't want you in your room they want you out gambling. If you don't mind these inconveniences it was a nice place to stay and really close to the Fremont Experience which we enjoyed participating in. There were several performers from acrobats to a geometric shape juggler to the thunderdome were up to 3 motorcycles are racing around inside of it at the same time. On the hour starting a 9:00pm there were 3 different shows and the overhead screen that were cool.	
Mar 7 2008 	All Pros with one Con	We are regular Vegas visitors but tend to try staying in different places. Certainly, places that may offer a two for one stay in a coupon book will get our attention. We did have a coupon and stayed 2 nights. The room was immaculate. As many older Vegas hotels go, they can be dirty or smoky. Neither was the case with the MSS.There is an easy walkway to other casinos and staff was very nice to us always.The casino itself is one of the cleanest. On separate occassions (multiple years) witnessed people cleaning handrails with disinfectant, cleaning slots with disinfectant and most recently, late one night, saw them applying a hot cleaner via steam to all machines and a crew of 15 wiping them down. I am not a germophobe but I would assume slots are generally pretty dirty! They said they clean every machine with that large system every week to two weeks. I cannot say how impressed I was.The food was good in the main eatery. Their Garden Court Buffet quite often has 2-4-1 coupons and is a good deal with good food. The game selection is also good and free drinks available frequently.Now the one con I mentioned:We had a room on the backside. The back of the hotel is very near I-15 and the road noise was quite loud. If you are a light sleeper, this will bother you. Now, I sleep hard and generally stay up way too late in Vegas so sleeping was not an issue for me but I could see it being a drawback for some. I think asking for a room on the frontside would remedy this small problem.Overall, Main Street Station is a great place to stay near downtown Vegas!	
Mar 7 2008 	Nice and cozy hotel in Downtown	Realy nice hotel with a clean room, staff is nice and helpful, great location on downtown, very secure and quiet street. An excellent choice if you don't want to stay on the strip. The free self parking is very safe also.	
Feb 22 2008 	Clean Comfortable 	We stayed at the Main Street Station in February of 2008. We were in room 903 which featured a side view of Fremont Street which was an easy two-block walk from the hotel.The hotel offered complimentary parking in their covered garage and we felt safe while there.Check-in was easy. We arrived a bit early so we had our choice of rooms and floors. We chose a higher floor and received room 903.The hotel is richly decorated and caters to a large Hawaiian clientele. The hallways are well-lit and we felt totally safe whenever we were in the hotel. Our room was nice. It featured updated light fixtures and a modern color palette.The beds were super comfortable. There were two pillows on each bed and they were very thin; I could have easily used double the amount of pillows. The duvets were also thin, yet they were enough for us.The television and remote worked well. We were disappointed to discover there was a charge of $5.95 for Internet service so we declined. The room had two queen beds, a desk with a chair, an armoire that held the television and several drawers, and two comfortable sitting chairs with a round table.The heating/cooling system is near the window and it worked well. Some might describe it as noisy but it didn't bother us.There were no drapes in our room but rather white shutters which we enjoyed.There was a complimentary, keyed small wall-safe [too small for our laptop] so that was handy. Other items found included your normal ice bucket, individually wrapped plastic cups, two bars of soap, a bottle of shampoo, a bottle of lotion, and a shower cap.We had enough linens. Our room had a bathtub/shower combination and the water-pressure was fine although the water did run hot and cold.I've attached photos of the hotel and our room.We made our reservation online and paid less than $80.00 total for our Thursday night stay.	
Feb 14 2008	Great to stay and for Video Poker	Main Street Station has become like a comfortable shoe, a nice retreat, a taste of old Vegas with a nod to its past. It's the little engine that could... a unique establishment in a town full of uniqueness. Love the turn of the century decor, the mostly friendly employees (especially slot attendants!) I even had a couple of Royal Flushes on the VP machines there and in the sister casino (California) next door. Good restaurants, easy to park. Hopefully Main Street Station and the other downtown casinos will always thrive. And yes we like the comfortable and clean rooms!	
Feb 6 2008	Good value hotel	Recently, my wife and I stayed at this hotel during the month of January 2008 since it offered a very affordable rate and we enjoy the casual gaming atmosphere of Downtown, Las Vegas. Would definitely stay here again.Pros:· Great location to get on &amp; off of the freeway (I-15 &amp; 93/95)· The room was clean, very affordable and the offering of oatmeal face soap in the room’s bathroom was a nice touch.· Garden Court buffet is an excellent value.· Triple 777 Brewery has excellent food, I recommend the onion rings, deep fried mushrooms and the ribs. If ordering oysters then make sure that it’s fresh…· Cocktail server in the casino will take about eight (8) minutes to return with your drink order. In my opinion, 8 minutes is not a long…· Free viewing of the Berlin Wall although it is located in the men’s bathroom holding up the urinals or beside the urinals.Cons:· The noise coming from the freeway and trains can be a bit load at times, especially if you are a light-sleeper. Being that I was so tired, it did not bother me one bit.· The omelet station at the buffet will often have a long wait time of approximately 7 - 10 minutes.· For those slot &amp; vp players, the wait for a scratch card will take in excess of 5 minutes to obtain and the wait times are even longer in the early morning hours. Yes, it is worth the wait since the casino claims that a $5,000 scratch card does exist.· Did not see an elevator in the self parking lot though there may have been one so I had to use the stairs.	
Jan 16 2008 	Rude difficult check-in---but a 5 star CLEAN room.	We stayed at the hotel Jan. 3-6 th. The whole trip was a surprise for my husband's 40th birthday.Our first contact with the MainStreet Station was at the check-in desk. We were 3 couples staying in three separate rooms. All of us reserved our rooms 2 months in advance on the internet, and paid for the first night stay to hold the room.First couple checked in at 4 p.m.- No problems. However-We went to check in on Thursday at 7 p.m., the clerk said we do not have any non-smoking rooms available. So we already paid for a room that had been given away?We had to argue with the clerk, and plead for our non-smoking rooms. We called over the manager, Marty Moss, who did not have a clue to good customer relations. He snickered and smirked through-out the situation, like &quot;oh well,suckers-we got your money!!! What a poor representative for the hotel. They kept saying---oh, you reserved it on the internet, that's the problem....HUH???Why is that a problem?????FINALLY, a random employee walked up behind the counter and said let me see if I can find something. He found us a room ...non-smoking, not a king bed, but 2 queen beds.The first clerk and the manager were like ...um, oops...sorry.THEN...they found another one? wow...that clerk was so rude for NOTHING!!!!AFTER that lame introduction to the hotel, EVERYTHING went UPHILL. Well, except I had to ask for a missing shower curtain.The room was very, very clean. The beds VERYcomfortable.We liked the shutters in the room. My total compliments to the housekeeping staff.Too bad about the check-in problems, and the rude check-in clerk and the poor treatment from the manager, Marty Moss....otherwise the hotel would have been a 5.0.I refused to gamble in the establishment and went to Jack Binion's---love the Fremont Street area!NEXT time we will stay at the The Golden Nugget---it looks fantastic!	
Jan 13 2008 	Highly recommend for downtown Vegas	Stayed at MSS from Dec.26 to Dec.29. Arrived at about 2pm and while I got the room that I requested, there was about an hour wait for the room to be ready. Room was nice and clean. Casino is nice, but tight slots, nor did I get good hands delt in blackjack. Oh well, I don't come to Vegas to game, I do buffets and shows. The MSS buffet was very good. Lots of variety and good quality also. The only other buffet I went to downtown was Golden Nugget and I was extremely disappointed with GN.I would recommend MSS if you are staying downtown to gamble, since it is a very nice property and a little way away from the noise at Fremont St. (easily accessed by crossing through Cal) and the restaurants at MSS are very good.	
Dec 29 2007 	Great Environmentally Friendly Place to Stay	By using Boyd Gaming website and having slot card, was able to get incredible rate online when I booked (less than 1/2 price during the week before Christmas). The casino and hotel are full of historic antiques, which add to its unique flavor (I'm told there's a section of the Berlin Wall in the men's room - serving an appropriate function :0) ).This was the cleanest hotel room I've ever booked in Vegas, whether on Strip or off. I was on the 8th floor facing the highway, but there was never any noise problem. The room was tastefully decorated, with bedspreads that are light-weight cotton - which would suggest they are laundered more often than the heavy stuff in other hotels. It was ideal for an asthma sufferer since there were no drapes to collect dust; the windows are covered by light, louvered shutters.The room had energy-efficient lighting (compact flourescent bulbs in all fixtures), and the showerhead was a water-saver but had great water pressure, such that it was almost like having a shower massage installed.There was an in-room safe, which was a great plus, and this i the only Vegas hotel I've stayed at that had adequate clothes hngers in the room.Sadly, the buffet has gone downhill a bit since last year, but then so have most of the other buffets in Vegas. Still, the food was a bargain and quite good.I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Dec 19 2007 	Always a great stay!!!	Stayed there for 5 nites. Excellent food, excellent service,everyone there is pleasant to deal with. The people who visit the casino are also very friendly.Great comps and always little extras for players such as scratch cards for 4oak on video poker.Can't wait till my next visit this spring.Prefer downtown to stay and play vs the stuffy strip.	
Dec 16 2007 	Excellent value. pity I picked the wrong side of the hotel	Stopped for 2 nights at the MSS on Friday 14 / Sat 15 Dec.Got very cheap rates of £46 total for the 2 nights.Checked in early, at midday as I'd had to check out of the Monte Carlo.The room I was allocated wasn't ready. I asked what was ready and there was a room with 2 x queen rather 1 x king. I wasn't bothered about beds as I was on my own so accepted the room.The room was on the highway side. Therefore the noise is constant throughout the day (although I wasn't in my room too much!).The room was average size and average furnishings. Shower was made for a midget.Front desk people seem, miserable. I'd managed to mislay my phone charger so went to ask if they had 1 I could borrow. I was met with a &quot;No&quot; from the lady on the desk. I said OK and started to walk away when a man said he would take a look for me. At this point the &quot;No&quot; woman said &quot;there are about 5 boxes of chargers in housekeeping that people had left&quot;.My thought was then, so why say no? I'd have happily searched through the boxes.Left at 5am on the Sunday for an early flight. Called front desk 5 mins before I went down to ask them to book a cab (as they'd advised me to) and just as I finished checking out it arrived - some brownie points there!Overall I wouldn't stop here again. The road noise, and railway noise was just too much. Even with ear plugs and several beers.	
Sep 26 2007 	Best place to stay Downtown	The Mainstreet Station is a GREAT place to stay in Vegas!My Husband took me to Vegas for my 50th birthday, and for various reasons, chose to stay at the Mainstreet....We were there Friday the 21st till Tuesday the 25th.The casino is timeless...full of antique light fixtures and tin ceilings...very ornate, and very comfortable. This casino, in comparison to the other downtown casinos, will never appear to be old and outdated.The casino staff was very friendly and accomodating.The machines did seem a little tight, but I figure it's my luck.My husband did ok....The dealers were fun...The hotel was very nice. We stayed in a King room on the 15th floor...the veiw was wonderful...we could see the strip in the distance. Nice shutters on the windows. The bed was great.Room safe was handy. Only drawback...no coffee maker in the room.The bathroom was the only thing that showed age. I guess they didn't put new fixtures in when they remodeled a few years back.It was clean, though...and lots of hot water and great water pressure.We ate at all three restaurants....all were good. The buffet was great...and the 777 Brewery stayed open all night and served Breakfast, for those of us that stay up all night and gamble!We felt very safe here...no hoodlums hanging in the casino, like in so many others. We did venture down to Fremont street to watch the show and visit the other casinos. Played for awhile in the California...won a little bit.We ended up spending most of our time right at the Mainstreet.We will stay there next time...no reason to go to the strip...The Mainstreet Station is a great value, and worth a stay!!	
Sep 20 2007 	Modern 	Arrived after a long flight for UK. Check in was quick, parking easy and rooms very good value. Modern bathrooms &amp; clean.Wouldn't have wanted to use it for a Las Vegas holiday-too far out but as a stopover before Canyon country was excellent.	
Sep 8 2007 	A great alternative to the Strip	I spent an August Friday and Saturday night at Main Street station for $55 per night--I consider this a low rate for a weekend, but it was the low season and I 'd booked early. Previously I've enjoyed the buffet, and wanted to see if the rest of the hotel was as good. It is.The parking ramp is very close to the hotel. Checkin was fairly efficient. Although they advertise a 4PM checkin, the sign at the desk said checkin began at 2PM. When I told the clerk I wanted a quiet room facing south, away from the interstate and the railway, she gave me a room on the 14th floor. It was a bit crowded with two beds, but I had told the clerk I would happily take two beds if I could get everything else I wanted; i.e., quiet and no smoking.Housekeeping in the room was quite satisfactory, toiletries and towels were good quality. No coffee machine or refrigerator--Las Vegas hotels don't want people hanging around their rooms when they are supposed to be gambling. I liked the indvidual room safe, particularly because it had a key rather than an electronic keypad.I'd asked for a room on the south side because I'd been concerned about noise from the railway and the interstate to the north, but what little noise I heard was the periodic sirens of emergency vehicles throughout the night on Main street below my window. But I'm not complaining, because I enjoyed my view of the town. I've since learned even numbered rooms face north (Interstate and RR) odd numbered rooms face south (sirens and view toward strip) and the lower the room number, the farther it is from the railroad tracks. I was in 1403, which may explain why I heard only one train. I had no problems with noise--and I'm picky about noise.The casino and lobby feature lots of elegant wood paneling and brass hardware, as well as an assortment of bits and pieces scavenged from old buildings around the world. With its high open ceiling and Victorian flavor it's arguably the nicest casino downtown, and possibly in all of Las Vegas. This decor doesn't extend to the rooms--at least not to my room--and I was glad. Dark paneling in a big area is one thing, but the same treatment would have made my room seem like the inside of a cigar box. I was pleased my room was done in light colors, and loved the louvered shutters which kept out the afternoon sun.Main Street Station's Garden Buffet is possibly the nicest buffet in town--the price is competitive, and the room is a beautiful high ceilinged cathedral of white filigree ironwork with tall windows, making for a pleasant well lit open space. The variety of food is mind boggling--in addition to a huge assortment of American cuisine, there are an extensive number of Pacific Rim dishes. I'm not discussing how much I ate, but now I can go to my grave knowing that at least once in my life I finished breakfast with a slice of chocolate pie.Main Street Station markets aggressively in Hawaii, and a significant number of the guests are Hawaiians, something i liked. These folks seemed to be better dressed and better behaved than most mainlainders.Main Street Station is a quick two block walk from Fremont Street, which is a good thing--I had no desire to be any closer to the nightly light show. If one doesn't want to gamble in the hotel casino, there are all the grind joints along Fremont Street, along with girlie shows, souvenier shops, miscelleneous stores, and an unlimited opportunity for people watching. For someone who wants to see Las Vegas close up and on foot, downtown is superior to the strip because things are much close together. If one wants to visit the strip and avoid the nightmare traffic and expensive cab rides, a city bus terminal is a few blocks walk north. The strip bus is crowded, but I found it fun--and less than 10% of a cab trip.The only place downtown which compares with Main Street Station is the Golden Nugget, which has bigger rooms and an impressive fish tank in the pool area. It also costs more, and the more remote rooms are a fifteen minute hike from Fremont Street. My choice for best downtown hotelis Main Street Station.	
Sep 2 2007 	Beautiful spacious and classy!	We wanted to stay at Main Street because it had been newly renovated. We did not have much interaction with the staff, but the room was indeed stately!Our entrance was marble, everything in the room was brand new and very richly decorated. The room was large and the bed was very comfortable. Not much of a view, train tracks and parking lot, you could see the mountains in the distance...but noone comes to Vegas for the views right? The best thing was this hotel was very QUIET, even in the casino itself, very low key and relaxed. If you want more noise and smoke, walk through the tunnel to the next hotel, I think it was the Fremont, but I can't remember.The buffet (with our Hawaii coupon book) turned out to be only $7 per person. There was every nationality of food represented. The buffet line of food choices went on and on and ...That was just too much food, even for an army!! If you are going to the buffet, come starving, there are so many choices, you could go there every night and never get through the entire buffet!I would highly recommend this hotel for a relaxed sleep, the gambling in their wasn't that great, but we usually head up to the strip for action anyway.	
Aug 12 2007	Best buffet great hotel	We stayed four nights at Main Street Station In July, 2007, and were extremely pleased. Located just a block from Downtown, it was a quiet and relaxed location with easy access. The hotel room was very nice for the price, and everything worked as advertised. The bathroom had been recently renovated, but I suggest that next time they hire a plumbing contractor that's a professional. Although it worked, the tub had been poorly installed. There was no waiting at the elevators, the atmosphere is friendly, and the casino was almost smoke-free. The buffet was the best I've ever eaten at, and the price is very reasonable. The omelette chef at breakfast is highly entertaining. The only complaints were that the parking garage is not connected to the hotel, and there is no coffee in the rooms. We plan to stay there again.	
Jul 25 2007 	Great place great value!	My husband and I have been to Vegas 6 times over the last few years and have stayed at several hotels on the strip and downtown. After staying at Main Street Station twice, it has definitely become my favourite hotel in Vegas to stay in, and I highly recommend it to anyone!Although some people prefer being in the mega-resorts on the strip, we have definitely come to prefer staying downtown. With so many casinos within a few blocks from each other, it is great to spend theevening walking between places, finding different games and limits, along with various food and drink specials. We have enjoyed staying out late, following the &quot;action&quot; when things get slow at a particularcasino, and then just walking back to our room. No waits for taxis, no worries about driving after drinking, etc. The casinos downtown have lower limits also, which is great for the recreational gambler who doesn't want to shell out $25 minimum bets on table games.As far as Main Street Station goes..the prices are at least half of the hotels on the strip. The rooms are nice, probably comparable to TI, and there is plenty of convenient parking both in a garage and an outside parking lot. The casino isn't overly smoky due to the high ceilings (with beautiful stained glass) and you don't have to walk through it to get to your room. Betting limits start as low as $5 and they have all the standard table games and slot machines. The hotel has a unique atmosphere including numerous pieces of art/antiques throughout the lobby, casino, and guest rooms. You can get a brochure and map of these items at the front desk. Service was always great for us and the staff are very friendly. On our first night, we noticed that our sink was draining very slowly, so we called the front desk. They sent a repair person 5 minutes later, who took care of the problem very quickly. Maid service was great and they always respected the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on our door. They always managed to clean our room during the day, even though we often didn't leave until noon!The 777 Brew Pub had really great beer; try the sampler if you can't decide. They are open 24 hours and have pretty standard &quot;American&quot; fare. The most recent time we visited, we didn't find the buffet veryexciting, although we had liked it a lot in the past. The prices are very good ($5 for breakfast buffet, I think), and you can get a &quot;buy 1 get 1 free&quot; coupon at the O2 bar in the middle of Fremont Street. We didn't eat at the nicer restaurant there, the Pullman Grille, but it looked very inviting with an interesting menu.I know some people have strange reservations about staying downtown, but I highly recommend this hotel. I wouldn't consider staying anywhere other than Main Street Station or Golden Nugget downtown, and we didn't really like the &quot;old person&quot; feel of the GN when we stayed there. We have also stayed at Aladdin (now Planet Hollywood), Mirage, and Treasure Island, and we both agree that the $50/night rates at Main Street Station are a great value without compromising cleanliness, location, and service, unlike the cheaper places on the strip (Stratosphere, Sahara, Excalibur, etc). Why pay triple the price to stay on the strip and be stuck where the casinos are a long walk from each other and the food and gambling is expensive? Well, I guess gambling can always be expensive, but I hope you get my point. ;)	
Jul 25 2007 	Interesting rustic feel	We stayed at Main Street Station over a holiday weekend. Our room was very clean and comfortable. Very easy to access from the lobby. We rented a car to visit other areas from a place right in the hotel. It made the process very easy. The Tripple 7 brew pub has very good food and great selection of beers. The only negative thing I discovered was the availability of a cab. To get one you have to ask for one to be called and wait. Big difference from hotels on the strip. But, you don't stand in a taxi line for a long time either. We like staying in downtown Vegas and this is off the main drag of Fremont Street. Which we liked as well.If you are planning a visit to Vegas, try this place if you don't mind walking to get to Fremont. It's maybe one block. Price is not bad either. Like I said, we were there on a holiday weekend and the price was in the range of what I would have expected for any good place, any time of the year.	
Jul 11 2007 	absolutely fantastic	I did not stay here, but booked the hotel room for my parents. I stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacations Resort. I visited them every day for a week and much preferred the downtown atmosphere. My parent's room was on the 16th floor. The view was fantastic. The room was very nice and clean. I asked them if they had any problems and they were very happy. I was so jealous that they could walk to so many casinos in such a short period of time. We stayed on the strip and had to take busses or walk, which took forever. I was totally upset about the buffet policy. We arrived about 15 minutes before the breakfast buffet ended and were told we needed to take all of our food before that time ended. We had eaten at the Golden Nugget breakfast buffet the day before and arrived at the end of breakfast time and moved on to lunch. I like lunch and the rest of my family likes breakfast. I complained at the MSS about the fact we had to stop taking food when breakfast was over and made a comment about Golden Nugget allowing people to take lunch after paying for breakfast and the woman was rude saying &quot;you're not at the Golden Nugget.&quot; No big deal really. Breakfast was $5.99. The lobby was very pretty to me. I got such a great rate. $350 for one week June 3-10th. I would have given my parent's my Hilton room in a second in exchange for their room. Worked great for them. We have always stayed on the strip, but from now on will stay downtown. I think perhaps my parents may have gotten a better room with a view than many other people, but I'm not sure. It certainly wasn't because I paid a lot more. I stayed at the Excalibur and Luxor and didn't think the rooms were any better, although I thought the Hilton was a better room, although not conveniently located. My 8 year old son said to tell you he really liked the room at the Hilton. He slept on a sofa bed.	
Jun 24 2007 	Very affordable and great location!	Stayed the weekend of June 22-24 and had a great time. Rooms are big, and very affordable. There Garden Buffett is the best in Vegas! Two blocks away from the Freemont Street experience...would stay here again!	
May 29 2007 	different thought I was in the 70"s	Had some free stay's while on our trip to vegas. Main street was one. Very quick check in. Once to our room i thought I went back to the seventy's. Don't get me wrong the room and furniture were fine but I think they were going for the retro look?? This was a nice room with a very comfortable bed and the air worked great!!The view was ok?? 4th floor view of the parking garage yes!!!!. I would stay again but ask for a higher floor with a view. Didn't here much highway noise.	
Apr 23 2007 	Fantastic!	A return visitor to Main Street Station Hotel we always try to stay there when we are in town. The staff are very helpful, the rooms are clean, bright and spacious. The rooms on the lower floors dont have a great view, this time our third floor room loked onto the roof area which was not very pleasent, a phone call to reception and we were moved the following day.The garden room buffet is a lovely place to eat, high ceilings covered in lights gives a great environment for enjoying the food. The quality of food and service cannot be faulted. There are another couple of places to eat in the hotel but we havent tried them.... yet!!They also have an RV park across the road which we have used, it is managed with the same attention to detail as the hotel. Great location just a block from Freemont St and ideal if you dont want to be in the centre of all the buzz. Will be booking in again soon!	
Apr 22 2007 	First time stay would stay again	We went to Vegas for 7 nights and stayed for 4 nights, April 16-20, 2007 at Main St. Station. It was our first time staying there and we had room 1107, facing south which we reuested as we didn't want to be overlooking the freeway from the north side. The room was very clean, the bed was very comfortable, and the air conditioner worked perfectly and was not too noisy. About the only thing we could find wrong was they might do a better job of vacuuming the common areas. Other than that, no complaints. For $70/night, it was substanitally better than what we paid $150/night at the Golden Nugget for the first three nights of our trip.	
Apr 15 2007 	Going downhill fast at MSS	Just returned from a very dissapointing comped 3 night stay at Main Street Station. This was my favorite place to stay and play downtown.The entire place place has gone downhill and fast. My room was not very clean so i asked for another and that too was nasty. Mold growing in bathroom, paint splatter on tub, burn hole in shower curtain, and thats just the bathroom....where am i???? The Western The rest of the room was mostly clean. The airconditioner is a different story. They are alll past their prime and are louder than any plane you will hear at the airport. CHeck-in and out were uneventful with no wait, but the staff as whole seems indifferent now. 1 cocktail waittress per shift has been eliminated and you can tell a difference. Dissapointing is one way to describe what the buffet has become. Breakfast was still decent but lunch and dinner has gone to the dogs. Elevators not cleaned once in 4days and 3 nights. I don't know whats going on here, it used to be one of the nicest downtown and now i can find better rooms at the ElCortez for less money.	
Mar 28 2007 	Room was disgusting!	Stayed at MSS March 20-24, 2007. The room was absolutely disgusting. By far the worst I have ever stayed in. For the price, I wasn't expecting the Bellegio or anything....but did think it would be atleast clean! Maroon/chunky stuff on the comforter which I tried twice to get changed out...but kept getting the same one back, throw up residue in the toilet, hair all over the floor and bathtub, one day had blood on my towel! Yuck! Trains are really noisy and fans on top of casinos are even noisier if you stay above them. Not a hotel for light sleepers.On a positive note: Check in was easy, friendly staff, food at both 777 and buffet really good. Don't think I would stay here again though!	
Mar 19 2007 	#1 on my list of downtown hotels in vegas!	I just got back from a 4 day stay at Main Street with 7 other family members who booked their rooms seperately. We had a total of 4 rooms and I got to inspect each one. The rooms at Main Street are probably some of the best in the Fremont Street area.There were no issues in any of the rooms themselves. Yes- I did hear a train go by one night from my 11th floor room but I was quickly back to sleep in what was a very comfortable bed. Another family member had a room on the 17th floor (the floors are segregated to all smoking or non-smkoing rooms) which was close to the interstate, but I could not hear a thing through the windows as we took in an added bonus from the top floor- we were able to watch the USAF Thunderbirds practicing their routine as they flew over nearby Nellis AFB - The home of the Thunderbirds. I would agree with others here that the rooms were pretty good in size but the bathrooms were a tad small. They were fine by me though.The casino had great slots and video poker machines, low limits on the table games and everyone was very friendly to us during our stay. The only less-than-wonderful aspect of the hotel was the bell desk. The Bellmen on the morning shift could of cared less about anything than reading the newspaper and eating ice cream cones. The bellmen at night were a little better but you still got the felling you were being bothersome if you asked them for any assistance on any level.I will go back to main street - It was a wonderful experience and I think you would have a very similar experience, too.	
Mar 8 2007 	Not luxurious but a good downtown hotel choice	My husband and I stayed at the Main Street Station Hotel &amp; Casino for 2 nights in early March 2007. This is not a &quot;glitzy&quot; huge hotel like many of those found up on the Strip, but it is a nice, older hotel in the downtown area, &amp; it is a good option for travelers on a budget. The main areas of the hotel &amp; casino have a lot of antique charm, &amp; we were pleasantly surprised to find that the rooms had obviously undergone a recent renovation because they were very modern &amp; comfortable.Check-in was quick &amp; the staff was friendly. Our room was larger than we expected, with the exception of the bathroom, which was small (adequate, but very small). The bed &amp; chairs were very comfortable. Our room looked out toward Fremont Street &amp; the railroad tracks. The only complaint we had about our room was the noise of both passing trains &amp; the fans on the roof of the Main Street casino, which was just below our room (we were on the 6th floor). The train noise wasn't terrible &amp; I don't recall hearing trains go by late at night, but during the day it was noticable. The fan noise was annoying at night, though - we turned on our air conditioner to drown out the fan noise, but that just made it even louder in our room. These noise issues were not a huge problem, but if we were to stay there again we'd probably request a room on the other side of the building or up on a higher floor (a friend travelling with us stayed across the hall &amp; said her room was pretty quiet).There was no Internet access from our hotel room, however there is a wi-fi area near the player's club off of the casino, plus there is a computer terminal in the lobby available for guest use for a fee.We ate dinner at the steak restaurant at the Main Street one night. The food was decent, but not excellent. Two of us ordered medium-well steaks &amp; found them to be overcooked &amp; dry, which surprised us since it was a steakhouse restaurant. We also had the breakfast buffet one morning, which we thought was great.If you are a gambler then downtown is a great place to stay; that is the primary &quot;attraction&quot; in this part of Vegas. We found the Main Street casino to be relatively uncrowded most of the time, which was nice. The casino staff was friendly as well. There isn't much shopping to do in downtown (although there is an outlet mall not far away) &amp; the Main Street does not have a swimming pool, however it's neighbor, the California Hotel, has a rooftop pool that Main Street Station guests may use. We stayed at the Cal last year &amp; I used the pool - it's fine if you just want to swim some laps or lay in the sun, but it certainly does not rival the elaborate pool deck areas of some of the larger/newer hotels in Vegas (up on the Strip, that is).Fremont Street is a short walk from Main Street Station (walk through the Main Street, through the Cal, then walk one block down the street &amp; you're there). Fremont Street is the place to be at night if you are downtown - check out the free laser light show that plays periodically throughout the evening, gamble your way from one casino to the next, buy a cheap margarita-by-the-yard, etc. There are also numerous other restaurant choices in the hotels on Fremont Street; we had dinner at Grotto at the Golden Nugget one evening where we had a tasty Italian/seafood meal.Overall we were happy with our downtown hotel choice and will probably stay there again the next time we want to stay in downtown Vegas.	
Feb 6 2007	Needs some TLC	This place needs to be cleaned up and dusted up a little. If you get food vouchers, don't waste them at the overly priced breakfast buffet. Save them for the Triple 777 Restaurant where they have more value. The breakfast buffet was $ 21 for two people...and that's pretty expensive eggs and bacon if you ask me! Overall, not a bad place to stay when you are in downtown Vegas.	
Feb 4 2007 	Just ok....	After reading all the great reviews we decided to book Main Street Station for our week long stay. The room was nice and large , but it was very noisy being right next to the freeway. We had to leave the heater on all night long to block out the noise. The bathroom was very small and the water went from cold to very hot. My husband had to bend down to get his head under the shower head. I have always loved the casino and the Triple Brew Pub. I will go back to gamble and eat but would notstay there again. I have stayed at other hotels downtown and this was not my favorite.	
Jan 15 2007 	Can't go wrong when everyone is rating it 5 'circles'	Unbelivable value! Unexpected comfortable updated rooms! Cheap food, cheap tables, and won at the slots! What more do you want from Vegas. Sure, it's not the Wynn but who wants to spend 300.00 a night on a room your never in anyway. I've stayed everywhere in Vegas from the Quality Inn to the Wynn and this place left the biggest impression. Value and expectations were exceeded! Stop looking and book this one!	
Jan 14 2007 	Very Nice Downtown Hotel	We stayed at the Main Street from December 25 - 29th. It is a block off Fremont Street, but basically right next door to the Plaza and across the street from the California. So it is right in the mix of things. It is very close to the interstate, we were on the 17th (top) floor in a King room, that overlooked the interstate, and it is loud. This was really the only negative. Otherwise, it was easy to get to (right off the interstate). Parking was easy in the ramp, although the elevator wasn't working while we were there, so there were times we were on the 4th level and had to take the stairs. Room was nice and clean and looked like it had been updated recently. Shutters on the windows were a nice touch and worked well at keeping light out, something I was a bit worried about. The room was a lot bigger than I thought it would be. I've heard downtown rooms were small, but this was a nice big room. We ate at the buffet there, actually had Christmas dinner there, and it was really good. Lots of choices, and everything was hot and fresh. Also, the room it is in, is really open and spacious, and has a great antique look to it. We ate at the buffet again later in the week, and it was still good, but nothing like what the Christmas buffet was.The common areas are really nice, again, keeping with the antique theme. They even have a brochure at the front desk that will show you some of the real antiques they have there. Overall, this was a nice clean hotel, and for the $40/night we spent was a very good bargain.	
Jan 3 2007 	Lovin Vegas at Main Street	Stayed Christmas Weekend Dec 22 - 24. We had a great time. The room was clean, tempature was great. The restuarants were reasonable and good food. Staff always friendly.As always for my trips to vegas I recommend Main Street.	
Nov 14 2006 	a well-kept las vegas secret	The Main Street Hotel and Casino is a great little secret of a hotel. Certainly, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles of its bigger more expensive competitors but you won't regret staying here. The rooms are spacious, two very comofortable queen beds with nice linens and a comforter, are free of tobacco smell, and though near the local freeway, not in the least was this a bother. The bathroom was small but more than adequate with reliable hot water and plenty of it.There is no pool if that is a concern but its sister hotel, The California, does have a pool.The staff is excellent, friendly and helpful.The breakfast buffet for $6.99 is a steal and the brew pub has a nice choice of on-site brewed beer and good pub style food.You can't go wrong visiting this terrific hotel.	
Sep 20 2006 	Pleasanty surprised	We stayed at MSS from September3 through the 7th. We have visited the casino in the past, but this was the first time staying there. We have been comming to Vegas for 20 years and have stayed both on and off the strip. After reading other reviews, my wife and I decided to give MSS a try, and I'm very glad we did. Check in was a breeze with pleasant people at the desk. The room we had was on the 17th floor. It was clean and somewhat larger than I thought it would be. The beds were the most comfortable we've ever slept in (including ours at home). The bathroom was small but manageable. We were a little concerned about the railroad behind the hotel, but never heard it at night. We ate most of our meals at the 777 and were very pleased with every meal. The entire casino staff was very friendly and helpfull. At the end of our stay we spoke to a casino host who was most gracious in reducing our hotel costs. If you're looking for &quot;glitz&quot;, and high prices stay on the strip. If you're looking for a relaxing, normal priced vacation, check out Main Street Station. For a first time visitor to Vegas, this is a downtown location, so if you plan on spending time on the strip, you better budget for taxi fare or a rental car.	
Sep 10 2006 	My new favorite downtown hotel!	I loved Main Street Station! I only stayed here for one night and then went on to stay at the Mirage. In hindsight I wished I had stayed here the entire trip. I was extremely sceptical of this hotel but for $50 for a Saturday night I figured it was worth a try. I'm glad I did.I had reserved a non smoking king room, I ended up checking in early and got a non smoking room with 2 queens but since we were only staying for one night and it was our first night in Vegas I knew we wouldn't be in the room much and that it wouldn't matter so I didn't bother to complain or say anything.The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. It was so comfy it made getting up the next morning quite difficult. Our room was on the side with the train tracks but I only heard the train once and that was in the afternoon when we happened to be in the room napping.We ate dinner at the Triple 7 Brewery. The food was delicious. (everything that came out of the kitchen looked good too), I don't drink beer but my husband tried the sampler and liked a couple of the beers while I enjoyed their margaritas. Our server was extremely pleasent too. We're not big gamblers so I can't comment on that except to say we did enjoy some margaritas at the main bar while we played video poker. All in all, I would definately stay here again. Unfortunately they don't have a pool and I'd be hard pressed to convince my husband to stay somewhere that didn't have a pool. I took pictures, but for some reason they won't load.	
Aug 24 2006 	Nice Hotel!	I just returned from Las Vegas where we stayed at the Main Street Station. Our room (1407) was clean and attractive, and the bed was really comfortable. The layout of the room is that of an old-fashioned motel room -- small bathroom and an open cubby instead of a real closet, but the room is nice. The hotel restaurants serve good food and the casino is quite pretty, with lovely antique light fixtures. There is no pool at this hotel, but I understand a nearby sister property has one. I gave the property an excellent rating, but understand that I am not comparing it to a fancy resort room. The Main Street Station has nice, clean really comfortable motel rooms at a great price.	
Jul 23 2006	Very clean and comfortable	Main Street Hotel is great since the renovations. We had room #622 and the room was very spacious and clean. We had two queen beds, a little seating area, safe and desk in the room. Only wish there was a fridge. Beds were very comfortable and the pillows were some of the best I've slept on. Maids always cleaned our room very well and there was no smell of smoke on the non-smoking floors. Bathroom was very nice with the new tubs. View nothing to write home about on this side of the hotel, just the freeway but couldn't hear any of the traffic noise. Could hear the train every once in a while but really not a problem. Casino seemed loose on the machines. Actually came out ahead on the video poker. Breakfast buffet was also excellent as well as the 777 Brewery. Very happy with our choice.	
Jun 21 2006	Very clean room	Spent four nights (June 16-19) at the Main Street Station based on TripAdvisor reviews and price. The casino had lovely Victorian decor with plenty of slots, but not too many table games. The ceiling is low so it seemed pretty smoky at times compared to the new, larger casinos on the Strip. We stayed in room 1105 which appeared to be recently updated. Noise from the visible train track was no problem. The room was very clean. The bathroom is small, but also clean. The towels smelled a little stale. We enjoyed the buffet and were happy with the choices. The walk to Downtown was quick and you can even cut through the California casino via a bridge to stay in the air conditioning a little longer. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to avoid the mass of humanity staying on the Strip.	
Jun 20 2006	liked it	Nice hotel, great service, very reasonbale price. little far from the strip.	
Jun 13 2006	Downtown's Finest	My room # was 1216, it was a newly remodled room with a partial view of the strip. The condition and furnishings of this room make it a great value for the 60 dollars i paid on a weekend night. BTW, the shuttters do keep most of sun out so inless your a vampire this shouldnt be a problem for you. My only complaints are the lack of ammenties and things to do, but this is a cmmon complaint for downtown hotels. There just are not many shows, clubs, or restaurants in comparison with the strip. But downtown is a super value when you can find a nice hotel like this one. if you stay here or downtown go to Tripple Seven Brewpub located in the casino, you will not be disappointed by the cheap and wonderful food.	
Jun 13 2006	Old World Charm!	We have come to LOVE staying at the Main Street Station in Downtown (yes OFF the STRIP) Las Vegas, The people are very friendly they say hello when you walk through the door and the rooms are clean and comfortable. The hotel is completly decorated with antiques from around the world including in the mens room on the casino level they have a big chunk of the BERLIN WALL with the urinals mounted to it with a sign saying they couldn't think of a better use of the wall! then they have old rail cars and a beautiful bar from a castle in Germany you will love it! This is NOT staying at the Bellagio or Venitian if you want to spend that much money on a room then by all means go to those hotels but this is a good room at a great price.  The gambling in the downtown area in my opinion is better then on the strip, the hotels are mostly paid for so your payout is higher. The food is really good at both the buffet and the 777 brewery and the beer is pretty good too. All in all we had a great time and can't wait to go back in a couple of months. The Downtown area is a lot cleaner than it was in the past but there are still quite a few bums looking for handouts so we just picture that as &quot;part&quot; of the Vegas experience.	
Jun 8 2006	Good Fun Place	Stayed one night early this month.Room: The room is mid size and is on par with a decent budget hotel like a comfort inn/best western. The decor is nicer than a typical budget hotel room. The bathroom is small and the beds and shower are average. Our room was on the 16th floor and had a good view looking towards the strip. We had no trouble with outside noise from the highway, hallway, or even the elevator bank next to our room. At $70 for a Friday night the value was excellent.Casino: The casino is a fun little place with a friendly staff. The vibe is very low key compared to a strip casino. The decor is very nice with brilliant chandeliers, wood work, and ceiling work. I didn't see another downtown casino that looked as nice. Food: We ate at the weekend brunch buffet. Though the selection was excellent the food was mediocre. I think it is an overrated buffet even at its low price. That said, after looking in at some of the other downtown buffets, the Main Street is probably the best value in its area.Overall Impression: We really liked the Main Street Casino/Hotel. It reminded us of a friendly, small Midwestern city hotel. Service at check-in, at the buffet, and in the casino was great. I recommend the Main Street to anyone who wants to stay downtown, or wants an inexpensive place to stay in Vegas and is renting a car.	
May 22 2006	Loved the Main Street	My husband and I stayed at the Main Street Hotel and Casino on May 19 and 20. We love downtown and all of the other hotels were booked up for those days. We decided to give the Main Street a try. We were very happyand surprised with the room, it was nicely decorated, very clean and large. Tthe hallways were bright and clean. The casino is kind of run down and old so we expected the hotel rooms to be in that condition also. The food in the Triple Brewery was very good and inexpensive. The slots were loose. Cocktail waitresses came around a lot. We would definitely stay at the Main Street Station again, cant wait to go back	
May 17 2006	great stay!!	stayed at mss may 5-8. this was our 3rd stay, rooms have been redone very nicely and now have iron/board in room. had brunch sat and sun. very good as usual. had one dinner buffet as was comped, was just ok. drink service was excellent and beers only $2 at bar. played alot in casino this trip, had some luck on blazing 7 quarters and wife had nice win on nickel money storm. lots of good vp but no big wins this time. this is our favorite casino in vegas period, also think it is the most beautiful. they serve the brewpub beers at tables and slots. love the royal red lager. valet is fast and never crowded. bell hop service not great but no big deal as you can drop luggage at north entrance near checkin, there is temp parking there. valet is on south entrance, we just pulled our luggage from valet side thru casino with no problem, not very far....checkin always quick, usually can get in room by 1-2 pm. have stayed at golden nugget,plaza, and fitz downtown. mss our favorite by far. easy to earn room offers-come once a month in postcard or letter form 3-4 nights free sun-thurs + $20-30 food comp. paid $50 casino rate for fri &amp; sat nights...	
May 5 2006	Good choice for Vegas	If you want to stay downtown this is definitely the place to go in my opinion. Rooms are large, clean, comfortable, quiet; the decor in the lobby is distinctive and appealing. Check-in was fast. We arrived too late to get the non-smoking room I had requested at reservation (if they tend to run out why not designate more of them?...) but we were told that if there was a problem they would send up a smoke extractor machine, and as it turned out the room wasn't smoky at all. We had the seafood buffet on Friday night which was not as good as we expected--I had read in our guidebook that the buffet is supposed to be really excellent but it must have fallen off somewhat. Not bad, but just not that great, and the seafood was the least good part. We preferred the one at Luxor, particularly their salad bar. Despite that I would certainly stay at Main Street again.The hotel is very close to the Fremont St. Experience but you can avoid the chaos of that entirely if you want to, and you don't have to go through the casino to get to the hotel. My partner and I are not really the nightlife/gambling type--we were in Vegas at the end of a hiking trip to Utah--so it was nice to be in a place where you can choose how much you want to immerse yourself in it, not have it forced upon you.	
Mar 8 2006	Loved the Main Street!!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Main Street for our 15th wedding anniversary. We loved it!! The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. The room was clean and spacious, the beds were so comfy you felt like you were sleeping on a cloud. The buffet is scrumptous and extremely reasonably priced! The antique decor was gorgeous! We were so impressed that someone cared enough to restore and give these beauties a home. We would highly recommend this beautiful establishment to anyone. We loved the Main Street and we will be back!	
Feb 24 2006	As always a pleasure	We just got back from another Vegas trip. We stayed for 5 nights at Main Street. We almost always stay there when we go to Vegas, and we go about 2x/year, for the past 6 years. Main St. is convenient to the freeways &amp; shopping. It has a pretty decent buffet, and Triple 7 brewery/restaurant. It's connect to the California hotel. I feel safe when I stay there. This trip it looked like we had a recently renovated room on the 7th floor, non smoking. The bathrooms there are always dimly lighted in the shower, and I am always critical of the cleanliness wherever I stay. This time, it was passable. we also had our own hair dryer &amp; ironing board, which is new there. These amenities never used to be standard. The only bad thing this time was that when we were leaving, it was impossible to get a bellman to help w/our luggage. We waited 25 minutes, and finally, the front desk guy came to help us. I will stay there again. Great value for the $, and I prefer it much better than other Boyds. We've stayed at the Cal &amp; Fremont, Main St is the best. You may hear trains below, but it's really not that bad, and we're not in the room all that much anyways. Can't wait to back to Vegas again later in the year.	
Jan 27 2006	The Best Place to Stay in Vegas That You Never Heard Of	Downtown Vegas has lots of advantages over the Strip -- casinos within walking distance of each other, lower table minimums, friendlier atmosphere -- and Main Street Station is the best of downtown. Comfortable-if-not-luxurious rooms (ask for one on the side away from the adjacent freeway), a really nice airy casino with high ceilings and attractive decor, pleasant dealers and cocktail waitresses, and lower-than-Strip betting minimums. The low-cost breakfast buffet is excellent and the Pullman Grill steak house here is also excellent. A block off the Fremont Street Experience. And if you want to go to the Strip cheap, the city bus station is just a couple blocks away.	
Jan 18 2006	Two good nights at Main Street	Stayed at Main Street Station in December, just after the Rodeo Finals. Wonderfull check in was in the room in less than 5 minutes after getting to the desk. One thing I recommend is to use the bell and valet service. We did not this trip and the elevators in the parking garage is very small for luggage and very slow. Room had all the basic ammenities, beds comfortable and the room very cleene. Ask for a view toward the strip the other way is noisy with interstate traffic.The only disappointment on this trip was there buffet for dinner. Me and my wife had eaten there before and it was wonderfull. This time the food was not up to the usually quallity.Even with the food not as good i would still recomend the hotel.	
Jan 10 2006	Probably the best place to stay downtown	I stayed here in early December and was very happy with the hotel and my room. Usually I stay in the south Strip area, but to be close to an event I had to stay downtown. After seeing all of the nasty reviews here about most of the downtown properties, I was really surprised at the condition of this hotel and my room. The room had a very comfortable bed, was very clean, and had lots of TV stations. Quiet too, even with the freeway not that far out the window. My only complaint would be that the towels were a little scratchy, but hey, at least they were clean! $78/night was a great deal for a Fri/Sat night stay. I'll be back!	
Dec 13 2005	777 Has Great Food!	We have stayed at Main Street Station many times and each time we love it.The 777 Restaurant is great!We arrived a week ago about 4 o'clock, just in time for a tasty supper - meat loaf. The staff is wonderful and friendly.We look forward to our return.	
Dec 6 2005	Nightmare in Vegas	The Hotel and Casino were ok for the Money. The buffet (including the Friday night seafood) was just average, not even close to what I expected from reading reviews. I would compare it to a Ryan's Steakhouse. Not sure if it was the food or not but I spent 24 hours in bed sick with nausea and the chills. The Hotel website says that they have a complimentary shuttle to the strip (sure they did). We had to walk two blocks to the city bus terminal to get to the strip (take a can of mace with you). For the grand finale of our trip, we had over $500 worth of personal items stole from our room. The Hotel flyer recomended using the safe for valuables. Would of used it if there was one. A definite thumbs down for the Main Street.	
Sep 9 2005	Great hotel! Downtown Rocks!	Stayed Aug 27th 2005 1 nightArrived around 2 PM and checked in with no problemPaid 70 Dollars and was upgraded to a suite at no extra chargeRoom was clean and looked brand newCab ride from main entrance to mid strip, south stip (MGM) 14-19 dollarsWalk to Freemont 5 minutes, never felt unsafeDecided to stay one night downtown during a week long trip. This was my first time staying off strip and I loved it. The hotel was very nice and the staff friendly. I loved all of the woodwork and stained glass. Another thing I really liked was the &quot;smallness&quot; and not taking an hour to walk from one end to the other like a strip hotel. We arrived early and was able to check in no problem. I had put in the reservations that it was our anniversary and was given an upgrade to a suite at no charge. Every employee was helpfull and polite. Did not get to eat in any of the restaurants, but the menus and prices all looked really good. The walk to Freemont street was short and even at night I never felt like there was any danger at all. Some people have mentioned the trains, but I hardly noticed them. I loved this hotel and I loved staying downtown. I will definately be back!	
Aug 30 2005	Great Stay!	We stayed two nights at the Main Street. We were in a remodeled room which looked like it was just completed. New furniture, new carpet, wallpaper, etc. The bed had good quality sheets and a very nice comforter. Our only complaint of the room was that the shower nozzle was too short for anyone over 5 feet tall. I wonder why that wasn't fixed during the remodel. The casino itself is friendly and comfortable. The table game dealers are efficient and friendly (not a training ground like some of the downtown properties). We thought the breakfast buffet was a B+ (good omelettes made to order) but the dinner buffet was very average- the food seemed a little stale. Having stayed at most of the properties downtown, the MSS is not quite as nice as the Golden Nugget (primarily because it doesn't have all the amenities, pool/restaurants, entertainment, etc.) but it's clearly way by itself in second place. It sounds from other posters as if some of the rooms haven't been remodeled? If that's the case, be sure to specify a remodeled room.	
Aug 28 2005	Gold and silver cards	People who can put $5,000-10,000 a day through here can qualify for silver card which is good for unlimited drinks and food in all buffets and coffee shops including the 777 Microbrewery, at all downtown Boyd casinos. If you do more than that you can get Gold card that lets you use gourmet restaurants in all three casinos.Rooms at Main Street are being redone. The only thing that is a disadvantage is the noise from the highway and the railroad which runs next to the building. I get used to it.	
Jul 23 2005	Funky little hotel - some problems	We stayed in Las Vegas one night to see Cirque de Soleil at the Bellagio. We decided to stay at Main Street Station for something different, inexpensive, and off the strip. The hotel was interesting and funky - classic Vintage Vegas close to the Fremont Street Experience. Parking and checkin were pretty easy, however, upon entering our room we discovered that it had not been touched by housekeeping. Beds slept in, garbage everywhere - obviously a mistake had been made. We had a little trouble getting the front desk to believe us (the computer said the room was clean), but they did eventually put us in another room. Unfortunately, they had no other nonsmoking rooms available. We were able to leave the windows open while we were out, which helped some. The bed linens were typical of what you find in smoking rooms - full of burn holes. The bathroom was just short of disgusting - the tub would not drain and black mold was growing on the ceiling and walls. Our room had obvious water damage - perhaps this is limited to only a few rooms in the hotel. The price was great - $80 for our room was the cheapest we paid anywhere on our 10 night trip across the Southwest. With the taxi fare to the Bellagio, however, we didn't wind up saving any money. If this were any other city than Las Vegas, with its dirth of hotel choices, I would give Main Street Station another chance.  On a side note - if you have the chance, go see &quot;O&quot; by Cirque de Soleil at the Bellagio. The $100 ticket price might make you think twice, but I assure you it's worth every penny!	
Jun 27 2005	Fun Time-Great Food	We had a blast staying off the Main Strip and headed to Downtown where some of OLD LAS VEGAS still exists! Great architecture and food! Especially liked Main Street Casino for gambling and their restaurants. Take a day and visit the older casinos for a different style.	
May 16 2005	Main Street Station - Day 3 and 4 of Trip	Day 3 and 4 of our 8 day/7 night trip, found us going back to our usual place of stay - Main Street Station. Except for the past 2 visits to Vegas, our trips have always consisted of staying downtown as one of our group would use the Hawaii meal package which used to be a better deal for all of us. However over the past 2 years, the changes in the meal plan along with the realization that we wanted to branch out and not always rush back for a meal, has led us to try other places in Vegas.Again, checking in was quick and easy....5 minutes after we arrived we were throwing the suitcases in our 5th floor room. Main Street offers typical room with 2 queen beds, two chairs, a table. We overlooked the railroad tracks (read: we'll hear the trains at night) and could see the signs from the downtown Freemont area.I am always so impressed by the beautiful woodwork in Main Street - particularly the check-in area with the original key display from trains and the private cars.For those that want to swim, there is an extremely small rooftop pool over at The California that offers privileges for Main Street Guests. We usually move between our hotel and Freemont Street by using the enclosed walkway between Main Street and California, scooting into Las Vegas Club and then coming out onto the Freemont Street. This allows us to stop in at the little store upstairs to stock up on bags of nuts and apricots (apricots are hard to locate for our Hawaii companion).Again, we found the video keno machines extremely tight and were momentarily worried when our keno machines had disappeared from the front of the Main STreet buffet area. Fortunately we located their new location, but the tightness sent us out to other casinos.I must admit that for the first time, I was totally disappointed with the buffet at Main Street. We went on steak night and the steaks were those frozen patty versions that are sort of thin and lack any flavor. Vegetables sat around all soggy and it really started reminding me of the Golden Coral buffets which have been going downhill lately. I'm not a complainer and I prefer cheap over substance usually, so if I am complaining then you know it wasn't good!However, for the first time, we ventured into the Microbrewery and enjoyed a wonderful late night meal. The cheesy garlic bread was delicious and if we had known how much they serve, we would have stopped with just that!Side trips on this leg of our stay were to a couple of great antique stores, visits to Terrible's casino (see other review) and a drive to Red Rock Canyon for a 2 mile hike.	
May 10 2005	Great little hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Main Street Station Mother's Day weekend and we were pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. Our room was not fancy , but it was nice, comfortable and clean. The casino, while not on par with the mega casinos on the strip, had eveything we needed. My wife loves to gamble and she enjoyed the gaming at this casino. The hotel does not have a pool so if that's a concern you might want another spot, although guests can use the pool at the California Hotel across the street. This hotel also features the Triple 7 Restaurant and Brewery which produces it's own microbrews on the premises. We ate there both nights we were there. The food and beer were really good and very reasonably priced-It even had a sushi bar! If you're going to Las Vegas and you don't absolutely need to stay on the Strip, this hotel is a great choice I'm sure you'll enjoy it!	
Apr 29 2005	Unexpected Surprise!	What a find. I didn't stay here, but I wound up visiting three times over my five-day trip because I loved this place so much.First of all, the best parking situation I've found downtown. Pay $2 to get in the lot, bring the ticket to the main cage and get your $2 back, and you're good for up to 24 hours. Much better than the other downtown casinos. Plus, walking distance to the Freemont Street Experience and all the other downtown casinos, and in a not-too-creepy part of downtown, too.We walked in, and we were really impressed. Almost &quot;elegant&quot;, the casino floor was cozy, but not cluttered. Lots of interesting historical stuff -- there's a pamphlet at the slot club desk that lists some of the more significant items in the hotel and casino. ...and the video poker! Don't forget the video poker! A great variety of games, including some liberal progressive machines and more. They have a bonus for four-of-a-kinds, too. Every time you get a four-of-a-kind with the maximum coins bet you get a scratch-off card worth anywhere from $2 to $5000 (most being the $2, $3, or $5 variety). A neat little bonus on top of a good hand!We decided to drive back here to try the buffet for dinner. Used the Las Vegas Advisor POV 2-for-1 coupon, and two of us ate for under $12. A great variety of high-quality food was found inside, and a really nice looking seating area. Very happy with the Main Street Station -- it helped me love downtown (which, up until now, was not the case). It's a block and change off of Freemont, but well worth the walk.	
Apr 17 2005	Continued Value at Main Street Station	Main Street Station is one of our core casino/hotels for the following reasons;1. Regular mailings for free rooms after our first visit2. Great assortment of restaurants including their own brewery (777 Brewpub). The upscale Pullman Grille has a railroad car inside the restaurant itself. The breakfast buffet is worth it simply to get an omelet made by the very entertaining cook3. Terrific downtown location with a bridge to sister property, The California and close to The Fremont Street Experience4. Good video poker assortment5. A smaller but very comfortable casino with numerous antiques here and there6. Clean and decent rooms with a friendly staffNote that the rooms do face either the Interstate or train tracks so if you are a light sleeper, you may be bothered by the noise. They do not have a pool. Also- if you are looking for a super-luxurious megaresort, this won't be your cup of tea but for a very good value in a smaller property, the Main Street Station is a terrific choice.	
Apr 10 2005	The Riviera lost our reservation...	...during Easter Week, Spring Break &amp; Convention. We wound up at The Main Street Station and were disappointed about that, until we got there. We had a beautiful room in an elegant hotel. The staff was wonderful. The view fantastic. We loved Downtown more than The Strip. Because they didn't have avail for the whole time, we had to move--but we wanted to stay. You are five minutes from The Strip. If we went back to Vegas we would stay at Main Street Station.	
Mar 19 2005	Great place	Stayed here for 2 nights last spring and going back for same this spring. Room was basic hotel but still very nice. Not as glitzy as the Golden Nugget, but for the money it's right on par. Only have eaten in the brew pub and only had the nachos...but they are the best I ever had and the micro brews are terrific. Only draw back was no pool. I even love the freight trains running by.	
Mar 13 2005	Very nice stay what we expected	We spent 2 nights here last week and had a very nice stay. It was nothing more than we expected, nothing less. 'Average' is a good way to describe this hotel. The staff was very nice, the food was fantastic.The room was large, clean and decorated in tasteful neutral colors. The bed, linens and carpeting were all in good shape. The shutters on the windows were a nice touch, although they didn't allow for a dark room after the sun rose if that is important to you. The bath was clean, and in fair condition. Sure it could use a facelift, but the water was hot and the pressure was great. No hairdryer in the room, but I called housekeeping, and they brought one up we kept the length of our stay.Our room faced south, we had a pretty view of the downtown and strip lights. We had to sleep with the AC on because of the train noise, and although the fan was not quiet, we had no problem sleeping.The lobby and casino are are attractive with an Old West Victorian theme. Pretty wood and antiques around. Not huge, but nice.We ate at the 777Brewpub and the buffet. Both were an excellent value, good quality and on our 'repeat next trip' list.I only have the Golden Nugget to compare this to downtown. If the rooms were the same price, or a small $$ difference, I'd pick the Nuggett (nicer rooms, quieter location and MSS has no pool on property--you use the pool at the Cal). I'd stay again at MSS, but I wouldn't pay too much ($60 max at a very busy weekend) for the room we had.	
Feb 28 2005	LOVE this Hotel!!!!	What a pretty hotel! Brass and dark woods everywhere... Room was decent sized, bathtub was a little small though. Beds were very comfy. The buffet was excellent as always. Ammenities in the bathroom section smelled very good. For a saturday night, i can't complain for $90. Steps away from Fremont Street as well!!!! Highly Recommend this hotel.	
Feb 2 2005	Main Streets Da Bomb!	Went to vegas with wife and son in August, didnt stay downtown but came for the buffet. It did not disappoint! Excellent food and selection at reasonable price. Service was good. When wife and son went back to the strip I got a card and played VP all night. Attentive floor staff made up for very tight VP machines. Couldnt believe it when in January the MSS mailed me a comp room for two nights on what liitle I had gambled. My wife promptly threw the offer away, but I will be back! The casino is clean and staff friendly. Count me a MSS fan!!!	
Jan 3 2005	Great dinner buffet	Had dinner there. At first I was worried when I saw the line-up, but then realized that it was moving quickly. Our server was great, very friendly, and genuinely wanted to make sure everything was good, and I was finding everything I needed. Selection was amazing. Almost everything was delicous - candied yams, collard greens, mashed potatoes, chinese rice, delicious tofu (who knew I'd be eating good tofu in Vegas?) ribs and great fried chicken - mmmmmm if I could only go back right now and have dinner there! Dessert wasn't as good, so fill up on the main course items. Still, I was impressed at the selection of sugar-free items for diabetic people. Very cool.The room itself is beautiful, and makes meals seem very grand and special.	
Oct 11 2004	Light sleepers beware...choo choo!	From the outside, my opinion of the Main Street Station hotel was that it was a typical dingy downtown Vegas hotel. However, the long Lobby was very beautiful victorian style with dark woods, wood floors and stained glass. The rooms are the typical hotel beige, but spacious and the bed is comfy. They have 4&quot; plantation shutter blinds in lieu of curtains which was kind of cool. The bathrooms are cramped and dated with the shower mounted for someone about 4 ft tall. There are no hair dryers or irons/ironing boards in the rooms. The worse was the railroad. We were in room 1123, so the view was pretty good of downtown, but the trains ran pretty much non-stop all night and would lay on the whistle to boot...so not cool for hotel guest! The a/c unit rattled a bit when it kicked on too. Between the two &quot;noise makers&quot; my husband barely got any sleep. We have since read up on cheapovegas for their review and they pretty much mirror our sentiments. Despite the trains, the hotel really is not all that bad. Parking is free and fairly easy to navigate. If you are planning to stay downtown, my vote goes to the Golden Nugget. It is top choice!	
Sep 27 2004	BUFFET IS BEST DOWNTOWN	I have never stayed at the Main street station..ive eaten there MANY times..the Buffet is the best downtown...I read a earlier review that said it was the worst in vegas..that had to be written by either a disgruntled employee or a competing hotel...because buffet is great! ok i admit the breakfast is just okay..nothing special...but good for the price..the dinner buffets are great!! you wont be disappointed.	
Aug 23 2004	Good value..first time in veags	On our first trip to Vegas, we stayed at the Main street station. Being off the strip was nice because you didn't have to deal with all the traffic of the strip. The hotel itself was a overall good experience; nice room for the price, nice decor, quick check-in/out, parking was close by and easy (i.e. not like the parking we encountered on the strip) We ate breakfast and lunch at the buffet. Breakfast was pricey (was a saturday brunch), the food was so-so but the selection was pretty good. Lunch was a better value, food was better but still average. We didn't play in the casino so i can't comment about that...another nice thing was that we were really close to the Fremont experience which was cool...As far as I could tell, the average age group staying there was 50-60's. Even though this was an overall good experience, we'll probably stay on the strip next time to get a different 'taste' of vegas	
Aug 22 2004	good buy	Payed 80$ on a week-end which was a very good buy. Hotel rooms are clean, comfortable and spacious. Hotel is short walking distance from the Fremont experience. It is only 10 minutes drive (or less) to the strip. Free parking structure adjacent to it. Buffet there has a lot of choices. Not ideal or a best buy (9.95$) for an early breakfast on saturday unless you enjoy eating chinese, pizza or mexican food at 7:00 AM. However has good omelets made with your choices of ingredients but request less cooking oil or the omelet drips oil... Lunch is a good deal with prices at 7.75$. You have a choice of mexican, chinese, italian or american food.	
Jul 7 2004	You May Already Be A Thief	Nice facility for the price: Attractive room, great location, all-night brew pub serves up big portions at small prices. But poor judgment by management seriously undermines what would otherwise be a solid choice. No hair dryers, ironing boards or irons (apparently guests might filch them). If you want to use your calling card, you'll have to go downstairs and put a $25 security deposit down or give your credit card number to the telephone operator (nothing is said about this when you check in). Every bathroom vanity is graced with plastic stand-up signage that tells you that the hotel is providing &quot;special amenities&quot; that you will be charged for &quot;if you decide to take them with you.&quot; These &quot;special amenities&quot; are TOWELS ($40 each) and PILLOWS. An employee at check-out said the signs were placed there &quot;by the laundry people.&quot; You shouldn't have to put up with abusive insults like this when you're on vacation, and you shouldn't have to pack a hair dryer and an iron because the hotel doesn't trust you. But if you're not personally bothered by any of this, it's a good value in a good location, a block from Fremont. Parking is in an &quot;at your own risk&quot; outdoor lot on the dark side of the property.	
Feb 17 2004	Main Street is Top Notch!	I have been to Vegas about 15 times and each time I go to Main Street Station. I have stayed in the hotel once. The rooms are spacious and clean. The bathrooms are a little outdated, but wonderfully nice. Get a room high up if you can.The casino is gorgeous! I love the sideways fans at the bar, the brewery is cool to look at, the flaming 7 machines rule! All in all Main Street is worth the $40 weekday price.The Buffet, I don't even have to tell you how great it is. See for yourself. I think you might be surprised that the buffet is larger, more extravagant and more variety than most hotels on the strip. Love Main Street, you will too!	
Feb 6 2004	You've got to try the breakfast buffet		
Nov 29 2003	buffet on 11/29/03		
Aug 16 2003	Main Street has some Problems		
Jul 31 2003	Excellent Stay		
Jul 29 2003	Great Place		
Jul 20 2003	Prime Rib Dinner		
Jun 12 2003	Disappointing Hotel		
Jun 8 2003	Service with a Smile		
Jun 3 2003	One of the Best Buffets in town.		
May 1 2003	Stay away from the Buffet		
Oct 24 2009 	Gut aber- sehr laut		
Oct 20 2009 	Bruyant		
Oct 2 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 27 2009 	Hotel perfecto en Las Vegas		
Apr 13 2009	Preis/Leistung ok		
Jan 4 2009 	Originale e di buona qualità		
Oct 3 2008 	Ottima scelta		
