Sep 5 2009	We had a great stay!	We were in the area for a National girls fastpitch tournament. The hotel was close to the fields and the price was right! There are movie theaters, a bowling alley and a food court located at the hotel. The pool isn't very big.	
Apr 20 2009	Boy....What can I say that was good....	I guess it would be that the security people were so nice. We checked into the hotel early in the morning and used the valet parking. We unloaded our own luggage which is fine but when we got inside to check in we had 6 adults and three sleeping babies with no offer at all for help. We was tired and signed our papers and was asked for our credit card even though our rooms were prepaid. When i asked why I was told in case there was any more charges like long distance or other things. When we arrived in our rooms they was very clean and neat but very warm. The next night we arrived back to the hotel and it was still very warm also in the other rooms we booked. It was about 11:30 and we called the front desk to ask where we could get a tooth brush and was told one would be sent up and we also told them our AC was not working , 15 minutes later we received a call to tell us no one could deliver the tooth brush but we could go to the front desk and get it. We waited an hour and called the front desk again about the AC and was told they would send someone up. About 1 o'clock two guys finally arrived and said that they have to manually turn the heat off and the AC on in the rooms. When we checked out we was then charged an extra $14.17 a day to use the internet or any of the other hotel services. So we ended up paying an extra $57 on top of the $286. we already paid. They said when we signed in we agreed to the extra charge but was never informed at 1 in the morning that we would be charged extra. Being on a tight budget that was my gas money to go home on. The hotel management was uncaring about the extra charges and the AC and wait time on getting it fixed. Then they charged my card $100. per room, ($200 for both my rooms) and said they would put back on the card what I don't use. What the heck....	
Apr 2 2009 	Not as bad as all that!	We have stayed at Santa Fe Station a number of times. The rooms are basic but they are big enough, the bathrooms are small as reported however, with little counter space. Beds are comfortable. I never noticed a smoky smell in the rooms or anything less than cleanliness. The elevators are a bit slow, but since the hotel is not overly crowded this isn't really a problem. The buffet is very good. Have never had a problem getting free drinks while I was playing in the casino. All staff is friendly, never had a problem with that either. We don't feel the casino is &quot;tight&quot; -- it's still a better shake than some place on the Strip. You get a free paper every morning on your door and there is a small but new fitness room available for your use. It's very easy to get from parking garage to your room and to the casino. No bells &amp; whistles here, but it's comfortable, with a convenient location near the freeway.	
Mar 19 2009 	Beware!!! Flight Cancelled? Family Emergency? This Property Will Still Charge You A One Night Late Change/Cancelation Fee!	When I found out my flight was cancelled due to a mechanical malfunction, I immediately called Santa Fe Station. I wasn't even going to cancel my reservation, just push my arrival date for the next day. After being put on hold for over 10 minutes, I hung up, went to their website, and e-mailed reservations about my situation, and left it at that.The next afternoon, I arrived at the property and was told by Selena, the Front Desk Agent, that Santa Fe Station has a 48 hour cancellation policy and since I didn't change my reservation within that period prior to my arrival, I was charged for the night before. Selena, obviously aware of my immediate dismay, showed not one ounce of sympathy or understanding of my position. Just kept repeating the 'policy' while cutting me off mid-sentence as I'm trying to explain to her what happened with my flight. When it was clear that she was in control and there was nothing I could do at that moment, I let her check me in. While she was on the computer, and not lecturing me, I shot off a question &quot;So, if your flight is cancelled, or there's a family emergency and you check-out a day early, everyone is charged for late changes or cancellation?&quot; Her answer was simply, and with more vigor than before, &quot;Yes. Like I keep telling you, we have a 48 hour cancellation policy...&quot;Looks like I picked the one hotel in America that charges a one night late change/cancellation fee regardless if a situation arrises that's within your control or not. And, if you don't get why they're policy is the way it is, then they've got Selena over there to make sure that you understand it.	
Jan 19 2009 	Did not stay here but good conference facilities	While I did not stay at this hotel (it was a long distance from the strip), I was at this hotel/casino for a training. The conference rooms are upstairs and very nice. Our event was catered by the hotel, and the food was very good. The negative is walking through the smoke filled casino to get to the conference rooms upstairs- which thank goodness do not have the smoke feel. As you leave the second floor from the conference rooms you can tell halfway down the escaltor the 'smoke layer' begins.If you want to enjoy the Vegas attractions, this might be a bit far out for you (with good traffic it's a 15 min drive by freeway). If you are looking for a nice place to have a conference/meeting away from the strip with good food, this is the place!!	
Dec 27 2008 	Fair for what it is	My wife and I stayed here while we were intown visitng family. There are two parking garages . Valet park and park at the one next to the lobby check in. The other one is way on the other side from where you check in, if you park there you will have a looong walk with your luggage. I think it would be shorter to walk to the strip then the check in area (being sarcastic here).The room- The room was average, bathroom small and very little counter space. To me it smelled like smoke, my wife said she didnt really notice it. The towels provided were small. No fridge in the rooom but a lot of hotels dont include those anymore. The one thing about the room that drove me crazy was that in december it is cold in vegas which means you have to turn on the heater. It seemed like it would never shut off! so we had to turn it off when we went to sleep and turn it on in the middle of the night when the room became Ice cold. Which meant we were getting in and out of bed to turn on and off the thermostat.Food- We only ate at the grand cafe once. service was horrible, and the food mediocure. It took over an hour to get our order and there were not many people in the resturaunt. We ate most of our meals somewhere else. In the past we have eaten at the Charcol room and that was very good but also very pricey. Would never eat at the cafe again!Ammenities- It was nice that they had a movie theater attached so we were able to see a couple of movies after spending time with family. We didnt use the bowling alley and it was too cold for the pool. This is a locals hotel so dont compare it to the ones on the strip. Its not glamourous.They do have penny slots-havent seen those in a while.. They also have a starbucks in the casino which was very nice for my morning coffee!Overall- this hotel was fair, not the worst I have stayed in but not the best either. They have room for improvement. They should move the parking garage back to the other side so you dont have the long treck to the room. I might stay here again because it is close to family I was visiting. If your visiting vegas for the action on the strip this hotel is a long way away and I cannot recomend it for that. Overall its not a bad hotel.	
Aug 18 2008 	Try to avoid this hotel!	This is the kind of hotel that would be good to stay at if you just want to eat and gamble. the rooms are not nice - the bathroom is so small and even the non-smoking rooms smell like smoke - all the linens, towels, etc. smell like smoke. They do have some nice places to eat - the food court is great for a quick bite. The smoke everywhere is typical Vegas, but this is really much worse than other hotels I have stayed at. Also, if you are planning on going to the Strip, do not stay here. It is a $55 - $60 cab ride to the airport, and about the same to the strip. You will want to rent a car if you will be going back and fourth to the strip. I would just spend the extra $20 or so a night and stay on the strip. No room service - although they advertise they do have room service - they do not. This was just a bad stay all around - bad neighborhood, too. The pool is so small and hard to get to it's not even worth using. Ugh. I will not stay here again and will not recommend this place to anyone.	
Jul 22 2008	avoid if at all possible	If at all possible avoid this low-low rent version of a casino. The pool area is lower grade than a motel 6 and everything stinks (smells bads) and looks very used. It is too far from the stripo to even visit because a cab fee would be outrageous.	
Jul 17 2008 	Never Again!!!!	I stayed at the Sante Fe Station on business on July 5th-9th after spending the night of July 4th at the Golden Nugget. As we arrived I wanted to go back to Freidmont Street, but this is where our company put us so here we stayed. We had a room in the upper 20's so the trek to and from the elevator was fun (not). The room was decent sized but the bathroom was SMALL, and had very little counter space. The room was clean, the towels and linens worn. The pool was small, full of unsupervised children, a VERY LONG walk around the building (no direct access from the hotel), The food court wasn't bad (the Wing Stop was pretty good, and FatBurgers shakes were delicious), The Cafe was decent, (only had 1 meal there) and we ate at the buffet on our last morning. The food on the buffet was questionable. there were bagels and bread with no way to toast it, no cream cheese, but they had lochs and no cream cheese??? We ate off property ALOT! We ordered room service the first morning and found the menu limited, got a croissant that was cold and hard. It took 3 calls to get anything done and finally a semi warm softer croissant. The casino surprised me the most, apparently it caters to locals which is fine, but I am accustomed to complimentary beverages when gambling (slots, blackjack) but had to pay for a DRINK!!!!!!!! The only time I received a complimentary beverage was in the poker room, and I spent ALOT more elsewhere in the casino!!The one ammenity I did enjoy was the bowling alley which was fun. But I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 12 2008 	Santa Fe Station...not so good	We spent 4 nights at the Santa Fe Station hotel after working a tradeshow in Las Vegas.The hotel looks very nice...decor, size, amenities, but we were not impressed.We had requested a Non Smoking King room. When we checked in, they put us in a Smoking room with a view of the parking garage. We asked if we could change rooms the next day, and we were told yes, just call us after 10 AM and we will switch you. I then called the Front Desk and attempted to do that 3 times the next morning. Each time, I was told &quot;call back later&quot;. The 3rd time, I was told &quot;you can ask when you come to the Front Desk, but Good Luck, because we are booked and they won't want to switch you&quot;. Also, there is only one elevator to each wing, so if you happen to get rooms 40-50 on any floor, it is a VERY LONG walk to/from the elevator and Ice Machine.The pool area is stuck back by the loading docks (no view), and is about 1/3 the size it should be for a property this large. Obviously they don't want you spending time at the pool when you could be spending money in the Casino. The only quick option for morning coffee is Starbucks, so be prepared to pay $3.50-$6.00 for a cup of coffee. I will definitely try a different property next time I go to Vegas.	
Jan 7 2008	Smoke Free - No Way	My husband and I are of two minds about this hotel. We are not sure if we would stay there again. We have family living near by and that is the reason we chose to stay there instead of The Orleans (which we really love). The down side and I really mean the down side is the smoke in the Casino. The owners really ought to do something about that. The room did not smell, but your eyes were burning from downstairs that it did not make any difference.Food-wise, we ate two breakfasts at the Cafe. One was perfect and the second day, I could not even eat any of my food. Don't order the cheese and ham omelet. The tiny chopped up pieces of ham are impossible to bite into and the cheese is draped across the top of the eggs. The waitress asked me when she saw I hadn't eat anything if I was a petite eater. Hey, I felt like saying take a look at me, I am anything but petite. The breakfast Buffet looked like the food was sitting there from the day before. However, the fruit was fresh and tasy. To finish off my review of the food, the barbeque restaurant had delicious ribs and plenty of them. Don't order the cole slaw, however.On the plus side, the room was large and clean. The counter in the bathroom was not large enough for all our toiletries, but we managed.Staff was very efficient and, best of all, security was good. Our daughter picked us up outside and while we were sitting in the car trying to decide which entertainment spot to go to, we were approached by security as to why we were there so long and quite frankly we were appreciative of them noticing.Slots by the front door of the reception area were hot and we won a few bucks.Would we return there again? Not sure, maybe I would call and see how their ventilation system is working.	
Oct 19 2007	Couldn't wait to check out you CAN do much better.	With tens of thousands of rooms in a city, there is no reason anyone should chose this hotel. The place is smokey and nasty smelling.The long line to check in is staffed by one person who is working really hard to get everyone through, but also appears to operate the switchboard and answer incoming calls. Seeing the long line, a manager walked right by and didn't even help the poor lady at the desk or the customers in line.The rooms are dark with the usual mystery stains on the carpet. The casino is ok and there is one nice restaurant (the Charcoal room)This place caters to people who haven't been to the city much or often and those who aren't too concerned with their surroundings. The casino seems to have a lot of locals which might be a good thing.Anything more than $49 a night is a rip off for this place.	
Oct 9 2007 	would recommend	We had 2 rooms for 3 days in this hotel. The first night we arrived very late and the toilet did not flush in one of our adjoining rooms. We were too tired to pursue and had a 2nd room bathroom to use. The next day we informed check-in and were moved to another floor with a beautiful view of the mountains (and the roof a/c units if you looked down, but we didn't). I believe we were on the 23rd floor and the view was amazing from anywhere in our room. They compensated us for the inconvenience of having to move and had our bags moved for us. We LOVED the casino. We have stayed many times at casino's where you get really bored of the casino by the 2nd or 3rd day, but this is not the case here.We were members of the slot club and got our amazing buffet breakfast comped daily by earning only 100 points (very easy to do). All in all, we will definitely consider staying here again. The rooms were also very clean. Our only real complaint is that the bathrooms are really small! You would not want to put more than 2 people in a room for this reason. We had no place to keep toiletries because the sink had no extra counter space.	
Sep 10 2007 	A Positive Review!!	After reading horrible reviews about the Santa Fe Station, I feel compelled to write about my recent stay and come to it's rescue. My daughter, myself and my boyfriend got a comped room through my son's friend at the Santa Fe Station after last minute plans to stay elsewhere fell through. The Santa Fe is located about 20 minutes north of the strip in a suburban area of Las Vegas where I have never stayed before. After reading the Tripadvisor reviews I expected a complete dirty dive, and nightmare experience, however, the total opposite was what we got. The hotel is very nice and done up in a Southwestern style decor and theme. We stayed on the 3rd floor non smoking. The room was very clean, basic and made up nicely. They have several very nice restaurants and a small food court complete with Starbuck's. There is also an enormous 24 hour bowling alley which we had a blast at. A huge movie theater is also located inside the property as well as other kid friendly areas. The pool is small, but this is not meant to be the draw for this hotel. It has a small pool and jacuzzi. In general, everyone was friendly, parking was a breeze, access to the 95 Freeway was easy on and off and we loved it!!! It only took us 20 minutes to drive to the strip to meet the rest of our party. If you are looking for crowds and traffic which is typical on the strip, and or, elegance such as you'd find at Bellagio, Venetion, Wynn, the Santa Fe is not for you. But for a basic off strip Casino/ Hotel, the Santa Fe was GREAT!!! There are also several &quot;Station&quot; hotel and casinos in and around the area, &quot;Santa Fe&quot; being just one of them.	
Oct 8 2006 	What a let down	Check-in was fine, but that was about it. Rooms were unclean, my 4 year old found 2 moldy grapes under the desk. Light on desk was missing it's light bulb. Beds were really worn and uncomfortable.Carpets were stained pretty badly and Cigarette burns on counter and furniture -Non-smoking??. Also their &quot;Best of Las Vegas&quot; coffeshop award is a joke!! Both times we went to the Grand Cafe, our order was wrong, service was slow, and the price a bit high. If I didn't have a 2-for-1 hotel coupon, I would have left after the first night!!! It's a pity, when we stayed here 5 years ago, pre - STAITIONS, it was very nice.	
Sep 7 2006 	Wouldn't stay here again	Rooms were dark, dirty and small. Staff was very disinterested. Pool was TINY. Would not recommend this hotel.	
May 23 2006	Incredible bellowing toilet	Shades of Harry Potter! Perhaps the toilets at Santa Fe Station are haunted. When we flushed ours it moaned, mooed, or bellowed depending on the time of day. In the early morning we could hear these noises all around our room. Evidently there are plumbing issues throughout the hotel. That being said, the room was clean and reasonably comfortable. Santa Fe Station has a large bowling alley, cinema complex and casino. The residential sized pool is tacked onto a far corner, surrounded by construction trailers and equipment. There is a major addition being built, so perhaps the quality of the pool will be improved. We were glad we had rented a car, because this facility is set away from most of the major attractions in Las Vegas.	
Nov 16 2005	IStupidity	I made a reservation at 5:00 PM. when I arrived at the hotel trailing a boat, I was told there was no oversized parking and that I would have to park my $200,000 boat on the street. so I called to cancel my reservation. I was told I still had to pay for the room even though I could not park there. Finally, someone cleared up the problem but i will never stay at a Statiion Hotel again.	
May 9 2005	Comfortable and a good value	We stayed at the Santa Fe Station because it was located near someone we were visiting. It was our first time off of the Strip and we weren't sure what to expect.The people at the front desk were friendly and helpful. The room was large and clean. Our particular room didn't have a view, but we didn't plan on spending that much time in the room, so we didn't ask for another (save it for the people who cared). Service in the Grand Cafe (their 24-hour restaurant) was friendly and efficient. The prices were quite reasonable for generous portions of very good food.Maid service was fast and efficient. We made sure to leave the &quot;Please make up this room&quot; sign when leaving so that they would know we were out. Even when we came back after a fairly short time, the room was already finished.There is no buffet at Santa Fe, but since we rented a car, we were able to go a short distance down the road to the Texas Station (a sister property) for a fantastic buffet at an excellent price (I believe it was 5.99 for lunch and 8.99 for dinner) -- lots of selections of food from around the world, BBQ, salads, etc. But I digress...Our first night there, we played some fun slot machines and between my husband and myself, we won about $500. That NEVER happened to us when we stayed at various places on The Strip (e.g., Caesars, Luxor, Monte Carlo). Not to say that we never won in those places, but never so much.All in all, we didn't miss the big hotel/casinos on The Strip (we did take a ride over to see the new Wynn Las Vegas -- it's beautiful, but I know it's out of my price range). If there had been a storm that prevented us from leaving the Santa Fe, we would not have minded. It was, for us, a great place to stay.	
Mar 31 2005	Better Than Expected	My husband spent 3 weeks in Las Vegas on a business trip and was put up at the Santa Fe Station. I spent 3 days with him in a one-king bed room on the 5th floor. I saw nothing wrong with the room. I'd rank it better than a Days Inn room but not as nice as The Orleans. The quilt and other parts of the room seemed new or almost new. Housekeeping fixed the room up well each day. The pool was small and only goes 5 feet deep, but it was fine for me for hanging out in or lounging by. There was also a separate whirlpool. I ate at the coffee shop twice and Cabo's Mexican once -- both were good. The on-site Starbucks gives you a discount if you tell them your room number. The casino has many machines -- a lot of Video Poker. They almost always had a $3 Craps table with 10 times odds running, which my hubby played a lot and he did well. I didn't have as much luck on the machines. I played Keno for the first time and lost. The cocktail waitresses wore skimpy outfits that looked like a one-piece swimsuit -- like the Orleans' cocktail waitresses but with more coverage on the rear. Most of the employees were nice, minus one Bingo employee. I played two sessions in their Bingo parlor; you get 2 free drinks per person per hour-long session, and 2 free donuts per person at the 9 am session. We had a great time at Cosmic Bowling at their bowling alley. Their movie theater is still under construction, supposedly to open sometime summer 2005. That is the only thing that was under contruction while I was there -- everything else was open and running regularly. We rented an in-room movie one night; they've got &quot;still in theaters&quot; mainstream movies and also X-ratred stuff. The biggest problem with SFS would be its location. It is far removed from the Strip/other casinos. Also, at 28, I'm a little young for SFS. Its crowd was mostly of the grey-haired variety. It isn't a high-energy place; very laid back, which can be a plus or minus depending on what you are looking for. Since my husband was working while I was there, I spent a lot of time on my own, and at some other casinos in the past, I've felt uncomfortable, but at SFS I always felt safe. Note: A bunch of people seemed to be looking for the SFS ice skating rink. SFS no longer has ice skating; the rink has moved to Fiesta Rancho. I would give SFS 3.5 stars out of 5.	
Mar 9 2004	Think twice about staying here	This hotel is remodeling but doesn't tell you about it. There was no restaurant serving breakfast except a Starbuck's for coffee. The pool area was closed. In addition, the pool is dinky &amp; a long walk around the entire hotel to reach it; a long walk for anyone who may be handicapped or doesn't walk well. Check-in desk in out of the way corner &amp; a long walk from the elevators, which are quite slow. Would not willingly return.	
Aug 19 2003	Caution - Before you stay take out life insurance!	The hotel caught on fire! There was an electrical fire (third in one week) at 4:45am in the morning. What amazed me is that before the fire department could inspect the building the hotel staff told us it was safe to re-enter, and they allowed people to use the elevators! Then when the alarm would not reset - they decided to look more carefully and found the fire. They then evacuated only the second floor! They used chairs to keep fire doors open. After over an hour of standing outside they finally brought people coffee and then we begged for water for the kids - no blankets or chairs or anything else.The food court is nice, but stay out of the restaurants or you will get sick - uncooked chicken and dried out old steaks.Mostly poker machines and a terrible smoke problem. Was never really busy, even with locals.Room rate quoted was $55 but then when you arrive they add $4.50 for air conditioning and $1. for phones (even if you have them turned off).This place is horrible - there is much better elsewhere in Vegas.	
