Nov 16 2009 	Our experience at the GD was not grand.	The reason we stayed at this place was my husband was taking business training in Las Vegas and the course was held at the Grand Desert. We decided to fly out the weekend before the training to spend some time together in Las Vegas. We contemplated staying at another hotel on the Strip for Friday and Saturday night but ultimately decided to stay in the GD for the duration. This was our first time to Vegas and our first time experiencing a time share property. The following are the list of reasons our stay was less than grand;1. They had lost our reservation. This is usually something that can easily be fixed but not at this place. Furthermore, their attitude toward us was bad. After giving them our confirmation number, they were able to find the original reservation but said that it had been canceled. We would not have flow all the way from the east coast if we had canceled the reservation. They asked us who we booked the room with and we gave the name of the lady who books rooms for events such as training (she works in another state on the east coast). Since this is a time share property, they do not have a reservation desk like most hotels and told us quite bluntly that we have to resolve this problem ourselves - we were stunned. We didn’t make the mistake but we had to somehow fix it. Fortunately, we were able to reach the lady on the east coast that originally booked our room (who apparently was the only person who could restore the original reservation) but it took awhile as she couldn’t be reached promptly. We were a little concern that she may not be in the office since it was Friday and getting late in the day on the east coast. When we reached her, she said that it was a glitch in the system and rebooked the room. This was a convenient problem for them as my husband’s credit card had already been billed for the entire stay the day that he made the reservation. So basically we had already paid for a room in its entirety for which we did not even have a reservation. Had we not been able to reach this one person, I don’t think that we would have been able to get another room because they couldn’t make a reservation for us there at the actual property. I call it a property because it really isn’t a hotel – a fact that was made more apparent every day we stayed. By the way, there is a blackout on checking in on Friday which I guess only applies to non-timeshare owners. I think this is why they wouldn’t help us, which leads me to my next complaint.2. If you are not a time share owner, you are not fit to breath. We were surprised by this treatment. Since we were not time share owners, I would have thought they’d be nice to us in the hopes of becoming time share owners. Every time we approached a staff person that worked at this place to ask them a simple question (like does the shuttle stop at this tower?), it was as if we were bothering them. I went to what is considered the concierge desk to pick up the ‘welcome’ package a couple of days after we checked-in, which was some info on Vegas and the shuttle pass. This is when they try to talk you into a time share presentation. When I indicated we were not interested, the little bit of hospitality that I got ended. The one nice person was Ms. Lynn - one of the shuttle bus drivers. Also, my husband witnessed a little 90 year old lady get kicked off the shuttle bus by another driver at the Harrah’s pickup location since she could not produce a shuttle pass or a room key. Someone from her party was already back at the timeshare and she didn’t have a room key or a shuttle pass on her. Watching their treatment of her was the last straw for him.3. We keep smelling cigarette smoke. It may have been coming from the next room. I felt like I was back at the casinos when we got back to our room.4. The location of the property wasn’t that convenient to the strip, the shuttle bus didn’t start until 8:30 am and could be a little slow. I am an early morning person and since I was still on east coast time, 8:30 was too late to wait for a bus to get my day started. Beside I didn’t want to eat breakfast every morning at the GD. We took a taxi every morning and on Monday, I decided to walk – it is a good hike to the strip. Since Vegas requires a lot of walking (if you don’t rent a car), I would recommend staying at a hotel on the strip (or rent a car).Bottom line . . . if you are not a time share owner for wyndham properties and you are just looking to book a hotel in Vegas, I would recommend an actual hotel on the strip. When I go on vacation one of the things that I like is a little bit of room service (i.e., lite clean up, bed service, etc.), which is not going to happen at a time share and particularly not at this place. On the positive side, we stayed in one of the small one bedroom suites, it was nice, but we didn’t use or need the living room/kitchen. Each room does have a W/D which is nice for longer stays. I am glad most enjoyed this hotel but I wonder if they are timeshare owners.	
Nov 11 2009 	FABULOUS RESORT....	stayed at the W.G.D. Oct 31st to Nov 6th. Had a fantastic time. We stayed in a 4 bedroom presidential suite, had enough space for 2 families with five children. Would return in the near future.	
Nov 6 2009 	Steps from the Strip	Great location.................even better rooms. Very Spacious	
Nov 1 2009 	This resort was Wonderful!!!!!!	We spent a week at the resort &amp; enjoyed every minute. The service was excellent &amp; I can'tthink of one negative thing to say about our stay. Anytime we come to Las Vegas fromnow on we will stay at the Wyndham Grand Desert!! Great job to all your staff.Mrs. Harry RichardsonEagle, Id.	
Oct 20 2009 	A Wonderful Place To Stay - With One Exception	Our timeshare exchange unit was clean, large, and had everything we needed - including an in-room spa. The full kitchen was well stocked for preparing meals. Staff was friendly and helpful. The 15 minute walk down Harmon Street to the Strip is a gauntlet of construction equipment and blowing dust, so take the free shuttle to Harrah's. The WGDR offers $20, half day tours of Red Rock Canyon and $50 all day tours of Hoover Dam. Both are worth it - especially if you're not winning at the casinos. Shuttles to the grocery store are $2. Check out the Half Price Ticket Offices on the Strip for real bargains on many same day or next day shows. Best thing about the WGDR is the &quot;no smoking&quot; policy -- which brings me to the one exception. Smoking is allowed near the family pool and the main spa, where cigarette and especially CIGAR smoke stink up the entire area. If you don't like this be sure to tell the Manager, as the WGDR Board can move the smoking area or just ban all smoking in public areas. You can avoid second hand smoke at the adult pool or one of the smaller spas -- if you don't have young children.	
Oct 13 2009 	great place off strip	Grand Desert is a great place to stay off the main strip. Rooms were large and very clean and the staff treated us very well and were friendly. Only two down sides. One being that their shuttle is somewhat sporadic and you never know quite when it will arrive. Also, the return late night shuttle ends at 10:30 pm. Although they do have a &quot;sister&quot; shuttle from Harrahs that leaves at 11:30pm. If you miss that one then you have to take a taxi back to the hotel. The cost can be anywhere from $10-25 depending on where you get the cab. Although the brochures state that The Hard Rock Hotel is within walking distance....be prepared to walk about 30 minutes. Their &quot;blocks&quot; are about a mile long!The second downer was with room itself. We had a one-bedroom deluxe, sleep four room. With one bathroom that had two doors. That's NOT the problem. The problem was that over the whirlpool tub, there was an opening, the size of a large window, into the master bedroom. So...if you like privacy in your bath, this is not the place for it. Even though my husband and I have been married 30 years, we still enjoy our &quot;private&quot; time. If we had friends along with us, it would've been very awkward to say the least.The resort is non-smoking, and they truly enforce it. There is one small area designated outside by the pool if you do smoke. The pools and hot tubs are excellent! Very clean and plenty of chairs, tables and loungers. Towels are also provided.The concerige was great. We were able to get the tickets we wanted at reasonable price. Also they have a great activities center that has its' own tours. We took advantage of the Red Rock Canyon tour. The price for this was only $20/PP compared to $70-89 on-line. Fantastic time!! I would recomend this hotel to anyone who does not want to be in the heart of the &quot;strip&quot; scene.	
Oct 12 2009 	One block from the Strip makes all the difference	Stayed for two nights and decided to stay here as opposed to a hotel on the Strip, and we were so pleased that we did. Only a fifteen minute walk to the Paris Hotel corner although there is a complementary shuttle to Harrops hotel every twent minutes. This is a condominium of time share and privately owned apartments that are rented out and it offers five star accommodation. We had a two bedroomed suite with one King and two queen sized beds with two bathrooms (one with enoumous jacuzzi) together with a kitchen and separate living area. All this for the same price as a basic double room at a hotel on the strip,	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice accomodations off the strip!	We stayed at the Grand Desert for a week in September with another couple. The hotel was clean and spacious, and the front desk was amazing. They helped us plan our trip and outings with a complimentary concierge desk!	
Oct 10 2009 	Beautiful Resort Steps from the Vegas Strip	My girlfriend and I had the pleasure of enjoying a great trip to Las Vegas this past summer. We stayed at the Wyndham Grand Desert. The resort is located very close to MGM and is a short walk. There is also a free shuttle bus to take you to and from the strip. The staff was extremely polite and courteous. Upon checking in, we realized the front desk made a mistake and gave us the wrong type of room. After a few minutes and a knock at the door we were greeted with a nice card from the front desk saying sorry about the mix up and they gave us a complimentary bottle of wine and box of chocolate. We stayed in a one bedroom deluxe which was very clean and a nice sized unit. The view was amazing and overlooked the city. The resort has a nice fitness center, computer room, free dvd rentals, swimming pools, full kitchen and appliances and it's like staying in a nice condo. On our final night stay we upgraded to a 3 bedroom Presidential Suite which was an amazing room. Words cannot do this room justice. From the jacuzzi to the massive space to the flat screen television and surround sound system, the room couldn't be better. All in all, everything was great and you can't go wrong staying at this fine resort.	
Oct 9 2009 	Awesome experience	We recently stayed at the Wyndham Grand Desert in Las Vegas for a week. We had two of the two bedroom condos. There were seven of us (all related) that went on the trip. From the time we arrived, the staff was very friendly and accomodating. They went out of their way to make us feel welcome. Everyone we encountered during our stay there was friendly, down to earth and willing to do whatever it took to make it a great experience for us. The rooms were beautiful and very spacious. The master suite had a large jacuzzi tub and seperate shower. The second bedroom also had a full bath. I liked the fact that the two bedrooms were seperated by the kitchen/living room areas. We rode the shuttle that the hotel provided to Harrah's Casino and back every day. This was very convienient since it is a half mile off the strip and there is still a lot of construction in the area. We never had to wait too long for the shuttle on either end and the bus drivers were very friendly. All in all, we loved it and can't wait to stay there again when we go to Las Vegas next year.	
Sep 14 2009 	The best resort ever. Great customer service.	We were at the grand desert from Sept 6 thru Sept 13 2009. We arrived early on the 6th and they let us check in early 10:30am instead of waiting until 4:00pm. Our 1 bedroom deluxe was great. Only a couple of small problems and those were taken care of right away. Used the shuttle and it was great and never had to wait long. Customer serivce was above and beyond what we could have expected. This was a trade through RCI and was our best trade yet. I would stay here again. I have been to Vegas many times and this is the best ever.	
Sep 8 2009 	Nice clean quiet good location	Easy to get to, got a great online deal for the rate. 2-bedrooms like an apartment, plus a pull-out couch. We requested extra linens, soaps, they brought up everything up within 15 minutes. We were on the 13th floor in Tower 1 with a BEAUTIFUL view of the strip. Pool was very nice, most comfortable pool chairs I've ever been in :) Very close to the strip. They have a shuttle but it's kind of a hassle, only leaves every 30 min. Cabs to the strip are cheap. Driving is OK, too. Overall very nice hotel and would stay here again.	
Aug 19 2009 	just ok	we stayed in room 781 in tower 2. carpets were not clean and the couch seemed like something from a dorm room, worn out and faded. Nice view of the pool. I felt like the things they had to offer were over-rated. pool party everyday meant live music at the pool, they were good musicians, but that was one of the few things that was free. I especially did NOT like the arcade for kids. The had xbox, wii, playstation and arcade games but there were games that were not appropriate for small children, that showed heads being blown off, men being stabbed to death. Just something I try to keep away from my 4yr old.Amazingly they kept a lifeguard on duty even late into the evening.	
Aug 14 2009 	A mixed bag...	Getting to the hotel is a challenge with major road repairs on all adjacent streets. Check in easy - one desk for room keys etc, then sent to another 'hospitality desk' for the parking pass etc. That turned out to be more like a timeshare sales desk. I declined the offer of a sales presentation and with that, it was off to the room.The one bedroom suite is smallish but adequate with small kitchenette and washer/dryer etc. If you book through expedia or orbitz etc there is NO HOUSEKEEPING for the duration of your stay. You do have basic cleaning supplies in the suite and can call for extra towels etc.The pool was most disappointing. Pleasant enough to look at but spoiled by the blaring announcements and karaoke style singing from the kids entertainment staff. That ruined all chances of a relaxing afternoon in the sun.THe building is well kept and in good repair.Next time its back to the Hilton Grand Vacations Club which is altogether better in every regard.	
Aug 11 2009 	Wonderful Stay	Spent a week at this resort as a result of a timeshare swap and it was a most enjoyable experience. Las Vegas in July enjoyable? Except for the heat (which the resort couldn't control) the entire stay was one pleasant day after another. There was an adult pool/spa area far enough away from the family area that virtually no kid screaming was noticeable. There were more than enough lounge chairs by each pool and each staff member we talked to was helpful and considerate. The resort was about a mile from &quot;the strip&quot; but my wife and I walked just about every morning and/or evening; the resort had a shuttle to the strip for those so inclined and it ran from early till late. They offered a number of activities each day for adults and kids alike.	
Aug 4 2009 	Not as good as last time	When we went to go to sleep, it was obvious that the bed linens had not been changed from the previous occupant. We phoned the desk and they said someone would be right up to change them. 30 minutes later, no one had showed up and I phoned to cancel and said that we would just sleep on the pull-out sofa for the night. The clerk said we should not do that. We pulled th e sofa open and saw why she had said that( it was pretty disgusting). We reported it again in the morning and housekeeping did come and change the bed. As owners, we requested to speak to someone and the person we spoke to talked in circles and only suggested that we upgrade to permanent VIP status.( does this status mean you do not have to bring your own sheets?). On the whole, this 3 day stay was not up to the standard we had on our previous stay in April.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Resort in a Great Location	We loved this resort. We stayed at another resort off the strip, but wished we would have stayed at this one the entire time. We had a wonderfully updated room. They had a great kids or activity center in the main building (ask to be put on that floor if you can). The activity center had video games systems of all types, a pool table, table top games, movies you could borrow for free. If you want your kid to play the video games they had to have their own room key to trade for games. The computer room was accross from the game room and had lots of computers there and free printer. Also, the family pool was nice and they had other adult only pools. They had tons of activities, tours and services available at the resort. We enjoyed a pool party and tons of other activities. This is definately a great place to stay. They also had room service and small restaurant onsite.We went for July 4th and it was the best fireworks show I've ever seen. Definately worth it. We also took in some of the free shows and activities on the strip. The pirate show, the erupting volcano, the fountain show, the mardi gras parade and many other little sights to see. We were disappointed in Circus Circus ... too crowded and the place was dirty and over priced. However our day trip to the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam and Lake Meade was awesome.	
Jul 21 2009 	FREAKIN ROCKED!!!!!	though no porch like the one in boring fort lauderdale/pompono beach this was VERY vegas but not in a tacky way. meaning real classy. really nice!! COZY roomy loved it. VERY neat and clean. like living in a 5th ave townhouse in nyc. y stay at a hotel on a drunkin strip when you can here 3 small blocks away from it all.	
Jul 14 2009 	Loved it!	My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham in June for 2 weeks and loved it. We had already read about the timeshare sellers so just politely said NO to anything that came with an offer of freebies so stayed well clear of any bother. Our room was a one bed deluxe which was equiped with everything needed, full kitchen, washer/ dryer, jaccuzi bath. It was all spotlessly clean, yes the rooms were a little dark and the furniture was dark and somewhat old fashioned but it was the best equipped timeshare we have ever stayed in. The staff were fab, very polite and always wanting to help, we used the free shuttle, and the grocery shuttle ( $3 per couple) on numerous occasions and thought it was very well organised. It was a 10 minute walk home from Planet Hollywood casino so in a very good position away from the noise and madness of the strip. We will be going back again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Vacation Exchange - Wonderful	I use RCI when I can and look for good exchange opportunities. When this came along I jumped at it because of its proximity to the strip and between Hard Rock and Planet Hollywood. But beware 110 degrees in the sun is not a short walk. You are not in the thick of things along the strip but if you want that … then this is not for you. If you have kids with you and want to have them enjoy the pool without being too crowded then you will like this place. The sun shines on the pool from 9 am to 6 pm. There is a family pool and an adult pool. There are activities for the kids to do. You have to pay for internet at your room :-(The lobby and the rooms are great. Better than most condos Just remember that there is a sales call …. RCI remember. Unplug your hotel phone use your cell.	
Jul 11 2009 	Awesome Resort - very impressed.	We exchanged a week for this resort on RCI. We had a very nice 2 bedroom unit. I was extremely impressed with the cleanliness of the resort and the unit itself. We had no pressure to attend any timeshare presentations.Everyone at the resort was helpful and kind. We spent some time doing different activities - like the Pirate Scavenger Hunt and some of the pool parties. The activities were well planned and a lot of fun.The pool and grounds were meticulously maintained. We even used the shuttle to the strip once and had no issues. Loved the resort! Would recommend for families. We had 5 adults, 9 year old and a toddler with us.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great place close to the Strip	This is the third year I've traveled with my wife and family to a Wyndham. This was the best of the three we've stayed. The only complaint I have is the beds weren't comfortable.The hotel is about 3-4 blocks from the Strip. Being from Florida, the heat didn't bother us. We walked there a couple of times, but since you do A LOT (at least four miles per day) of walking, we took the shuttle.We ate breakfast and lunch or dinner at the room every day, so we went on the shopping trip. It's worth the $3 per couple to go.The only activity we participated in was the Black Jack tourney. It's friendly and the gifts are cheap, but what do you want for $3? My dad used it as an opportunity to learn the game.Take the Red Rock Canyon trip. It's $20 per person and lasts four hours. I have never been to the Grand Canyon, but the other three people have. They enjoyed it just as much as I did. People from the hotel drive you and guide you when you're there.For daily 100 degree heat, the swimming pool was quite cold.	
Jun 29 2009 	like a vacation home!	We stayed for 7 nights at the Grand Desert and were very happy with our stay!  Our room was spacious and nicely arranged. We had a one bedroom with a king bed and the kids slept on a pull out couch in the living room. There is a full kitchen with dishes and cooking utensils-everything you may need. There are several Wal-marts close by, plus the hotel has a shuttle for grocery shopping each morning ($3 per person). We had breakfasts and a few lunches in the room to save some time and money. The room was clean and comfortable. We loved having a washer and dryer in the room so we could wash some clothes! The only negatives were: 1) since it is a time share resort, there is no daily housekeeping unless you request (and pay) for it. But, we called for extra bed linens, towels, soap, etc. and received it no problem. 2) the shower head wasn't great--good water pressure but no real showerhead.  The location is nice-off the strip but only a few blocks. The hotel has a shuttle that runs to Harrah's, but ends at 9:45pm. We did use the shuttle twice and it was good. We had a rental car that we mainly used--all of the Vegas strip hotels have free parking garages.  The pool was great. There is a kids/family pool that ranges from 1-4 feet deep. It was big and great for the kids! There are lots of comfortable lounge chairs at poolside. There is also a lifeguard. There are 2 hot tubs and a separate big pool just for adults. The pool area is beautiful with palm trees, etc. We loved it. Overall, this was a great stay in a nice resort in a great location!!! Highly recommended.	
Jun 22 2009 	It was OK...............but lacked 'soul'.	I was really looking forward to staying at the Wyndham Grand Desert but I was a bit disappointed. It is quite a good base for access to the Strip and the free shuttle is very helpful. It's just those little things that begin to irk. The checking in process is fine and we did get given a couple of bags of freebies which included cookies, water and hair bands! The main problem for us was the sheer size of the place - it's huge and has no 'soul'. The pools are way to small for the amount of people staying there. They probably think that people just want to go to the Strip all the time but that's obviously not the case. We had trouble just finding somewhere to sit near the pool.The supermarket was very expensive and for families with no transport that must be very annoying. The fast food place did serve nice and quite reasonably priced snacks but they always seemed to shut early. Not that helpful when you're relying on them for something to eat after a very long day!The unit itself was very clean, comfortable and roomy - especially the bath which a whole football team could have used at the same time!We asked reception for ideas of where to eat within walking distance and they mentioned Ellis Island on Koval Lane. The food here is great and very cheap. This was the best meal we had in Vegas apart from the Bellagio Buffet.If we went to Vegas again, we'd probably stay somewhere closer to the Strip, with less rooms and bigger pools!	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Resort	We book the resort for 1 week through RCI exchange program. The first impression when we walk into the reception area was WOW~ It is not as luxury as Bellagio or Venetian, but it is certain a comfortable space for people who come it to relax from 35C of outside sun.We were assigned to 14th floor in building 2 which is the main building. It was another wow when we walk into our condo-like room and look out of the window and see the beautiful swimming pool. Everything in the condo was clean and ready to go. All the utensils and glassware were available. We had enough towels and request more soaps and shampoo with ease. Although they only provide 2 bags of laundry detergent, we had no problem getting through the week.We enjoy the pool every afternoon since day 1. My wife and I enjoy afternoon nap beside pool. We also enjoy pizza and burger which were baked and cook fresh from our condo and brought down to the poolside. The time we spent at the pool was never enough.We rented a car to make it easier back and forth the strip. Parking was never a problem in any hotel in Las Vegas. We also took the free shuttle service by Wyndham to Harrah's which never kept us waiting for more than 10 min. During our stay, we visited Walmart-Supercenter a couple times which was only 3 mils away. We stock up drinks, snack and food in our fridge, and the pizza and burger I mentioned ealier all came from Walmart.We arranged a morning to take the '1.5 hour' sales presentation which later took '3 hours'..... We were ok about the time because we were not hurry to rush to next destination. We made it clear that we are not going to purchase the timeshare right in the beginning, so they didn't pressure us. We walked away with $125 of dining voucher and a 3-day-2-night mini vacation certificate. That voucher was later used in Paris for Village buffet (GREAT) and RIO for Seafood Buffet (soso). The mini vacation certificate was 'add-on' to our Mexico trip in September. Everything went perfect in our way.Although it is a bit of distance from strip, most people could take the shuttle and get onto attractions right away. We enjoy cooking our own food because LV is never cheap in food and drink. We enjoy the facility because it is clean and everything you need is available. We would recommand Wyndham to everyone~	
Jun 15 2009 	Loved it	We booked a 3 bedroom for spring break with the kids, It was Great we hung out at the pool all day with the children and then would get some rest and go out at night with Adults, The room was so spacious.. We had a total of 14 people with us. We made dinner every night, The only complaint I have is how pushy they are for the timeshare presentation. I already own, I'm on vacation I don't want to bother with that..	
Jun 14 2009 	May 2009 Vacation Wyndham	We had the 2 bedroom deluxe in tower 2Large jacuzzi bath and large BathroomThis had all your need to live in ....We rented a car... however there was a shuttle to and from the strip.. They had 2 pools childrens and adults.. Computers to use free accessVery nice game room for the kids and free video game playActivities - small store 2 gyms : )And More...Need more information...You can call me Lori GaudetteBuy Your Tickets Here[--]	
May 21 2009 	Fun in Sin City	My husband and I stayed at the wyndham grand desert for 4 nights and 5 days, The resort is beautiful. It is approximately 1/2-1 mile away from the strip but a shuttle bus is provided with frequent trips made from morning until 9:30 at night. There is also a shuttle service provided by the Rio hotel untl 12:30am back to the hotel. Check in and check out were done expeditiously by friendly courteous staff. We had a wonderful time and look forward to returning. The only complaint we had is the beds are very hard and uncomfortable.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Facilities But Avoid the Salespeople	We usually stay directly on the strip, but for the value, this was great. Our 1 bedroom room was beautiful, newly decorated and huge with a full kitchen. We didn't use it, nor the pool, but we certainly appreciated having them both for the next time, especially the &quot;adult only&quot; pool. The one-bedroom/full kitchen could easily handle 4 adults with one couple in the hideabed in the living room. The bathroom had a LARGE shower with a toilet, but then there was a separate bath area with another vanity/mirror and a jacuzzi tub. As with many timeshares, there are lots of annoying salespeople. I know they need to make money, too, but the way they do it is VERY tricky. First they convince you that you have to have a &quot;pass&quot; to use the van to go to the strip--so that's why they tell you you have to go over to the &quot;host&quot; desk which of course is really a salesperson. You don't need a pass at all, and if anyone asks, you can just tell them you lost it and show your room key instead. Luckily, we read a Trip Advisor review and avoided the whole thing. But we still got a call giving us a guilt trip that this poor woman had to &quot;meet&quot; with us for her &quot;job&quot; and she'd get in trouble. We still said no, lied and said we already met with someone, and she was obviously annoyed with us. But after that one call, we were never called again. Here's a tip: the pick ups are EITHER at the front, or the back, and as far as we could tell came about every 1/2 hour or 20 minutes. I'd advise taking a cab BACK from the strip when you come back in the evening---it's still really hot in the summer and it gets so busy you have to wait OR one night, it had to end its stop somewhere else, so we all had to take a cab back. All in all, a great timeshare resort with relatively easy access to the strip--but definitely not walking access.	
Apr 20 2009 	Anniversary Trip	We bought a week of their timeshare off of my parents so we got a real good deal $223/week. Suggest you find someone you could buy from too. We arrived early and asked if we could get into the room early which they happily accommodated. We had a one bedroom with kitchen and w/d. Very hard to beat. The hotel and room are very clean and the resort itself is stunning from the outside. Beat my expectations. While here we are planning on spending our money on tours and shows. Not necessarily expensive dinners and gambling. The activities they have scheduled through the week are good. We took advantage of the grocery shopping trip at the beginning of our stay and the Fremont Experience Trip. We had pre-booked the Red Rock Canyon trip with Pink Jeep Tours for four times the price of the Resorts but...was told that the trip at the Resort is a hard sell for timeshares and they have a captive audience. I can't confirm that so it could be heresay.	
Apr 20 2009	great stay book this place	great place, rooms &amp; resort amenities were great. a lot of stuff to do in hotel if you choose. only set back its off strip but they have shuttle, if need be you can walk or cab	
Apr 16 2009 	Take Your Kids to Vegas?	We decided to spend Christmas in Las Vegas with our three daughters, ages 17, 15 and 10. As owners at the Grand Desert, we have stayed a few times with friends in the past. The pool area is great, and heated in the winter! I also appreciated all the holiday decor, and activities for children related to the season. This resort is perfect when traveling with children to Las Vegas. It is only a couple of blocks from the strip- which is perfect if you are a parent concerned about staying in the heart of Sin City with the kids. The buildings are non-smoking and there is not a casino on site. Basically, we could escape the hype in only a few minutes. If you do not rent a car, you can take the free shuttle which stops in front of all three towers. The unit provided plenty of space for our family, with full kitchen, living area and privacy as needed. We had reserved the two bedroom penthouse- I highly recommend requesting a room in tower 3. The newest tower offers many suites with strip views. The layouts are more spacious as well. I will report, however, that the ongoing maintenance of this resort is slightly slipping. I noticed, for example, that replacement fixtures, etc are not up to par with the original design. I expect a bit more wear and tear in town that never sleeps, yet I hope Wyndham takes care to keep their properties consistent with the original upscale attempt.Many other travelers have complained of the high pressure Wyndham sales pitch. Over the years, I have learned to simply say &quot;No Thank You&quot;. If you find this difficult, then I do not recommend staying at any timeshare location.	
Apr 13 2009 	The best vacation ever	My family booked this trip 1 year in advance and enjoyed every minute of our spring break vacation. The hotel was awesome and had many activities to choose from. Grocery trip outings and other shuttle trips. The service was sufficient. The children were satisfied as well as the adults. The beautiful pools were great during the day and a lil warm at night since the temperature in Vegas is cooler at night. The kids enjoyed the activity center on the 3rd floor w/video game competitions; chess games; pool tables and air hockey.etc. Was nearby the strip. The strip had many events to satisfy the adult gambler and the young child from Dolphin shows; Volcanos; Water/sound Shows etc. You will not walk away from this one dissatisfied. ENJOY!	
Apr 13 2009 	Very Clean and Quiet	This was a very nice timeshare resort. I liked that it was closer to everything than the Grandview, the resort we own a timeshare at. The room was spacious and quiet. The four of us were very comfortable. I really have no complaints in regards to the room, except the king bed in the bedroom was hard as a rock the first night we slept there. the second night i didn't really notice, because i was so tired. As far as the location, it's a decent walk to the strip, but if you don't feel like walking they have vouchers for free shuttle rides. the surrounding neighborhood is a little ghetto, a bit run down, with a few homeless people around, but i wouldn't be scared to walk around, because there are lots of other tourists and police in the area. The only thing that was a bit outrageous is their check out policy. You MUST be out by 10 am. If you are not, there is a $100 fee charged for every HOUR you are late. so you know we were out of there by 9:50am. Luckily it was easter and we went out to find a good brunch.	
Apr 13 2009 	Nice Hotel Off The Strip	Stayed at this hotel for a week on a girls get-away. We had a three bedroom two bathroom in tower III. The room was nice and clean, the beds were ok. It was great having a full kitchen so we didn't have to eat out two-three meals a day. Also, the washer and dryer was a bonus. There is no housekeeping unless you want to pay a fee of $90-$120 a day. They will bring you clean towels and take away the dirty ones every day if you ask them. They were always prompt and friendly when we had a request. We used the shuttle to the strip once, it was a short wait no big deal. There were three pools a small one at Tower III, a large kids pool and a smaller adults only pool. There is definately not enough pool chairs between the three pools for all the guests, that was a bit of a hassel. There are two gyms one is larger with Life Fitness and the other is small in Tower III with junky equipment. We used the gyms every day of our stay. The computer room in Tower III has three computers which was very handy. The computer room hours 8-5 was a little restricting but once we learned the hours it was ok. We didn't utilize any of the on property food or drink locations. It was nice to be away from the caos of the strip but close enough to walk if you want to. I would definately stay here again!	
Apr 9 2009 	Great stay!	We stayed here for a wedding in La Vegas. We had a 2 bedroom and it was awesome. The beds are comfortable and the amenities and furnishings were wonderful. We rented a car so transportation was not a problem. The only complaint I have is with the snack bar. The food was pretty bad. Grilled cheese sandwich was burned and the staff here were not the most pleasant. I will return in a minute.	
Apr 4 2009 	MUCH NICER THAN ANTICIPATED	I have never written a review on Tripadvisor, but I find the site useful and thought it would help to do the same as others.The Wyndham Grand Desert in Vegas was AWESOME!!! I will list the pro's and con's below. We had a great time at this place and loved it there. We arrived 5 hrs early and wanted to check our bags until the 4pm room check in time. The check in staff gave us our room immediately. No waiting at all. We went up to our room in the Bella Torre tower and thought the halls need new carpet and some cleaning as well. Once we arrived at the room and opened the door we were amazed. The rooms were very large and nicely appointed. Flat screen TV's. Huge kitchen and living room area. King bed ( a little too hard for my taste, but I was there for one week so no big deal). Kitchen has eveything you need. Pots-n-pans all the way down to the tupperware. Bathrooms were huge as well. Whirlpool tub, stand up shower, 2 sinks, and plenty of space.WHAT WE LOVED:Arrived early and allowed to get our room early.Delicious warm cookies they gave us on arrival.Very large rooms that were VERY clean and nicely appointed.Great kitchen-saved us a ton of money to spend at the casinos.2- closets.Washer and dryer in unit.Office center was free with computers to use to check e-mails or print boarding passes. 10 free pages for printing.2 swimming pools. One for adults only.In room safe.Free shuttle to the strip and back.WHAT WE DID NOT LOVE:Hallways need some new carpet and some cleaning.Long walk to strip, about 1/2 mile. Not bad in daytime..a little scary at night.Not enough dresser space.As you can see the list of the bad points is very small. We loved the place and will definitely stay there again when we return to make our $$$$ deposit to the Casino bank accounts.	
Mar 28 2009 	The Best Vacation - EVER	We are Wyndham owners, and the 5 of us spent 3 nights in a 2 bedroom deluxe, and 3 nights in a 3 bedroom Presidential Suite. The first unit was good, but the second was GRAND.This is how the movie stars live. Larger than our house, and very luxurious.We enjoyed the property, and had a rental car and used the shuttle to the strip.The pools were marvelous, the weather perfect, and the Grand Canyon was awesome.	
Mar 22 2009 	Very Disappointed	Reserved a 3br Presidential Suite for 7 nights during Spring Break of 2009. Upon entering the unit I felt like I should duck because the ceiling was so low. We also noticed a small dining table for 4 when the unit sleeps 8-12, the bed rooms were much smaller than we expected for a &quot;Presidential Suite&quot; ! I did not get one good night sleep because I felt like I was sleeping on the side of a hill, floors were dirty , a short time after we arrived my daughter had to wash her feet because they had turned black from walking around in the suite with no shoes on. Made me wonder just how clean was this place? Small Kitchen only one person at a time could cook. We had a larger kitchen in the 2-bd deluxe, our DVD player did not work and had to call 2 times to get it fixed, 1st no picture, than no sound. Most of the on-site sales people wouldn't talk to you unless you were their client, did not have wifi in suite unless you paid for it, did have a nice HUGE balcony but for being a &quot;Presidential Suite&quot; it sucked. Would have gotten better value and more room from a regular deluxe room. Was a real let down for us.	
Mar 20 2009 	Nice rooms terrible customer service!	I could go on and on with my litany of complaints, but I think it boils down to the fact that if you are not a Timeshare Owner at this resort, don't expect ANY customer service. We were the guests of an owner who was not there and were given the royal shaft. We both have mobility issues and the owner requested the main building. Didn't really make a difference to them and the request was not honored. They almost wouldn't let us stay over Saturday night, expected us to check out Saturday morning and return Sunday morning. They wouldn't even accomodate our request for a late check out on Saturday (thankfully, that was taken care of by the owner). However, they did deactivate my key on Saturday, exactly when I was supposed to check out. Coincidence? The shuttle to the strip leaves &quot;whenever&quot;, leaving guests to sit around waiting for the next one. It only goes to Harrahs, which means you then have to walk to the monorail or the bus to get anywhere else. A waste of time. There are no real restaurants on site.But, the rooms were nice. And that's the only positive thing I have to say about this place. But you can get nice rooms at another hotel with better customer service.	
Mar 8 2009 	Does ANYONE work here??	Could not get the concierge on the phone during our stay. Could not get anyone on the phone prior to our stay. Was given a fake cell number to a limo driver at our &quot;presentation&quot;. Was sold a Discovery package, which, has turned out to be junk. Trust me, you will pay more out of pocket later on....much more. Don't buy it, it's a scam. Our &quot;Short Presentation&quot; ended up being 3 hours of hell. However, at the end of it, our salesperson promised us a great trip at the Disneyworld resort. We have a group of 13 meeting there Spring 2009. What they didn't tell us, was that I'd have to pay 500% more than I was told, to add rooms in a different name. Poor customer care. Bad Business Practices! Buyer Beware! It's as close to a Nigerian email scam that I've ever seen! I can't believe I took the bait!	
Mar 5 2009 	Customer Service Needs Improvement	The room was ok, but there are several items that turned us off and that will make us cross them off our hotel list for future trips. My girlfriend and I arrived early (2:30 pm) and, after a 10-minute check-in process, were told that there were no rooms ready for us and that they would call us when our room was ready. We were told we need not wait in line to get our room keys but to just go to the first window. We returned when they called us and went to the first window as directed, much to the disapproval of the people waiting in line who were giving us dirty looks. There was one couple ahead of us so we waited for them to go through what appears to be a required 10-minute check-in process before we could get the keys to our room. Then, we were told to go across the lobby to pick up our parking pass. Although there was no line, we found that this was a ploy to get us scheduled to come to their 45-minute presentation in an effort to get us to become owners of their vacation club.We were eager to get to our room and fix our martinis to drink while we unpacked but, alas, there was no ice in the freezer and the ice maker was turned off. I called the front desk to ask about an ice machine and was told there are none. I commented that it would be nice if the maids turned on the ice maker when they were preparing the room. I was told that there was some rule that prevented them from doing this. We have never experienced this in all our trips to Vegas and have never had to drink warm martinis upon our arrival. This is not a big deal, but certainly an irritation, especially after the check-in incident.The room was nicely appointed and adequate but did not look like the room we saw on our web site. Where's the balcony? There are none. We found the 10 am check-out time hard to meet. I called the front desk to ask if it could be extended for one hour. I got a very abrupt and discourteous reply that we could extend it by 1 hour but if we weren't out exactly by 11 am, we would be charged $100. Are they trying to make sure we won't come back?Then, there were the little things like not having a graduated curb so that we could roll our heavy suitcases into the hotel (isn't this a handicap accessible requirement?); paying for wireless computer access in our room, and the absence of ashtrays in the designated smoking area. We visit Las Vegas 3 times a year. There are many places to stay so we won't be returning to this hotel.	
Mar 2 2009 	Awesome Surprise Birthday	What a spectacular Wyndham Resort. I surprised my husband on the way home from Grand Cayman we flew to Vegas. I had all of his friends waiting here at the resort. I never have stayed here, so I hoped it would be spectacular, and it was. I had a 3 bedroom presidential, and a couple of the two bedrooms booked. The 3 bedroom was up on the 14th floor, and was like a movies stars penthouse, was what our friends referred to it as. The two bedrooms were nicely appointed too. They have all the amenities with washers and dryers, kitchen, nice bedrooms, etc. The 3 bedroom had lavish decor, fireplace, and 3 bathrooms, and the whole package going on. The lobby personnel were very nice. The lobby was beautiful with piano, marble, and very professional staff. There is a bar, but I think it was a bit pricey. I didn't see anyone use it. There is a nice pool, but we were there when they had a huge snowstorm and were not really going to go out and use the pool, etc. They also offer a complimentary shuttle to Harrah's which ran quite frequently. I can't say enough about the pleasant surprise of how nice the place was. It is only like a block or two up from the main strip where the Bellagio, etc. is.We would really have liked to stay in our room and enjoy it, but felt inclined to go, go, go. Although one of our couples did stay in the room more often, because they said they never get to vacation like this. The only downside was the timeshare presentor. We are Wyndham owners in Hawaii, and it is very laid back. My husband just wanted to check things out here. And, here my husband walked right out on them. They are very nasty people. We have been to many presentations, and this pushed his buttons. It just is so deceiving when they work for the same company that we own with, and they are trying to talk you out of owning in Hawaii stating theirs is the best. However, truth be told, Hawaii is the best place to own with Wyndham. Hawaii owners get extra perks over any other owners, and they have the lowest maintenance fees of anywhere. Security was good on the property. I liked the fact that you need a room key in the elevator to go anywhere. This keeps people from coming in that don't belong. Upon checking out of the resort, we were offered the Wyndham limo to the airport. So we were like how much is this. They told us just to pay a taxi cab fare along with a tip. How cool is that. A nice little surprise. We are planning to go back in December and make it an annual trip with our friends. They still are talking about how great it was.	
Feb 24 2009 	Our favorite place to stay in Vegas	We just returned from our 3rd stay at the Wyndham Grand Desert. We are owners and love it. Check in was a breeze, no waiting in line and our room was ready. We had a choice of tower 2 or 3 and we choose tower 2 on the 11th floor. When we went to guest services to pick up our parking pass they tried to sign us up for the sales presentation. We had to decline three times. No one told us about using the room key for the elevator. So we were on the elevator talking and when the door opened we were still on the 1st floor. The person getting on told us how it worked. We just laughed about it wondering how long we would have been on the elevator before noticing that we hadn't moved. We did notice a slight sewer gas smell in certain parts of the hall. But it was not all the time and we never smelled it in the room. As soon as we reached our door the phone was ringing trying to get us to book the presentation. Again it was a No and we unplugged the phones. No more problems with that.We had the one bedroom deluxe. It's great having a kitchen and washer and dryer. We also like having the living area. We clean up after ourselves so not having housekeeping was not an issue. Clean towels were never an issue because we washed them. We also came home with clean clothes which to me was a good thing. We did get extra Purex from housekeeping whenever we saw her in the hall.We did not hear any noise from the hall or other rooms and that was fantastic. There was a little noise from the planes but it wasn't disturbing in any way from our room. Parking is free and there is a parking garage or outside parking. Never used the pool but we saw people swimming every day. We didn't use anything at the resort but our room.Check out was easy, we had no room charges so it was a quick call to the operator and out the door we went.There is no room service, real restaurant, housekeeping or bell service (that I know of). So if you need those services you will be disappointed. Otherwise, it's clean, comfortable and gives you more room than most hotels.	
Feb 16 2009 	Would not stay here again	We stayed at this property Feb. 8-15, 2009, and found it disappointing. My husband waited in the car while I checked in, and was rudely told to park elsewhere while I spent almost 15 minutes waiting for staff. There were only two of us in line, yet the wait went on far too long. The desk clerk was friendly and helpful once he was able to help me. From there, I went over to their guest services desk to get a parking pass and more information on the property. We were given complimentary tickets for two shows, but the catch was that you had to spend $10 on drinks per person for a $35 show and we had no interest in the shows offered. We signed up for the sales presentation solely to receive a gift of $125 in meal vouchers. The customer services rep was pleasant, so no complaints there.The first problem we encountered was the elevator in Tower One where we were staying. To access any floor above the first, you have to use your key. Unfortunately, none of the elevators in the building were recognizing keys, so the only way we were able to get to the 10th floor was to have an employee, who happened to be there, swipe his key. The problem persisted for a couple of hours that I am aware of. At least the problem was finally corrected by the time we returned with groceries, but it was extremely frustrating while we were checking in.We had a 1-BR unit, which was spacious but dated. Even worse, our room was on the side of the building just across from the airport, so you can imagine the air traffic we listened to during our stay. The unit was clean, but had definitely seen better days. Also, all week we could detect the smell of sewer gas in the hall. Note that Tower One is the oldest building on the property, so avoid it if possible.The morning after check-in we endured the sales presentation. We own two timeshares through different companies, so the sales pitch is very familiar to us. The rep was nice, but she was quite pushy and did not explain things as well as reps at other properties. When it became obvious we were not interested, she shut it down pretty quickly, but we still were tied up almost two hours. We did receive our food vouchers, which were good at several resorts owned by the company including the Rio, Bally's, Paris, Caeser's, and the Flamingo.Note that the property does not offer housekeeping services except for their VIP-Gold and Platinum guests. I was able to get extra towels and soap, but they never picked up the dirty ones even though I was told to set them inside the door. Parking was not a problem since there weren't many people at the property. The location is OK, but either use the shuttle (we didn't) or your own vehicle.At no time did I feel like a valued guest. Thankfully we were able to escape from the property mid-week for a run over to Death Valley. Sorry, but I can't recommend this property. I'm glad others had a better experience, but ours was far from exceptional.	
Feb 11 2009 	Relaxing and Beautiful	The stay was great, everyone was friendly, and it was relaxing. It was nice being away from the strip but having a free ride to and from all day long (8am to 12:30am). We had went with another couple and we had enough space to do our own thing or met in the living room to talk about our day. Wyndham found out we was there to get married in Las Vegas and had gave us a bottle of wine and candy which was very thoughtful of them. Our view was towards the court yard which was very pretty and we enjoyed looking out at night. We spent a few nights in the spas and they was nice and clean along with the heated pools. I would stay there again in a heart beat. Everyone that worked there was super nice and always recommended place to see or eat.	
Feb 6 2009	Great location just off the strip	Definately a Wyndham location - great room - 4 sisters for a quick trip to Vegas -- 10 min walk to Hard Rock off the strip and 10 - 15 to MGM and that end of the strip. The shuttle to Harrahs was great - a shuttle to the other end would have been nice but not necessary. The only complaint we had was the pizza -- great pictures all over the lobby - nothing more than a basic frozen pizza -- ok but not like the pictures. We took &quot;the Duce&quot; to Fremont and that was good also -- The exercise room busy in the am but still usable - as usual - no complaints with Wyndham	
Feb 5 2009 	Nice hotel	I just returned from this hotel using it as a time share facility.The property grounds are beautiful and very clean. The staff are extremely friendly at all times.The location is good, although I do prefer being on the strip. The strip is about 10 minute walk from the hotel. They do offer a free shuttle bus but it only goes to Harrahs.We lucked into some wonderful weather and both pools were open and really nice. The hottubs were also great.My only complaint about this hotel is the linens are terrible, polyester sheets, mattress covers and pillows made it terrible sleeping as it is already a very dry climate. The kleenex (small thing) was the cheapest quality as were the towels. Overall, it is a beautiful facility.Note: If you have seniors with you, ask to stay in the main tower. We were in Tower 1 and it was a very long walk to the main lobby to get taxi's etc . for our senior guest.	
Jan 27 2009	Nice Timeshare Resort... Great for families	We are Wyndham Vacation Resorts Timeshare owners and we stayed at the Grand Desert for 5 nights from Dec 21st. This is our first time to be in a Wyndham Resort during Christmas and we really enjoyed the activities that they have for kids and families. Good things about resort:No slot machines/smoke to pass through on the way to your room. Activities are great: daily grocery shopping (w/ fee and reservation required), tours to local attractions, Monday Aloha Breakfast, free DVD usage and an extensive collection to borrow from. Wonderful Christmas activities w/ santa claus. Includes cookies and milk for kids. Free internet and WiFi in the computer room (3rd fl tower 2 and 1st fl in tower 3)Family friendly w/ activities and game room Free shuttle to Harrah's on the strip (we did not try because we have a rental car)It is about a 3 minute car ride to the strip. All the amenities in the unit are working well. We had a 1 bedroom. Partial kitchen was ok. Sink was rather small but we did not cook anyway. Big fridge and a microvawe oven. It was great to have a washer and dryer in our unit. Although there is no restaurant on the premises, the partial kitchen definitely comes in handy for leftovers and/or preparing meals.Not so good things:Close to the &quot;strip&quot; but not at a walking distance. Not 2 blocks off the strip. Instead, they are several blocks off the strip and much too far for kids to walk. The resort is a few blocks off the strip, but, it is really quite a long walk. We had rented a car, and while we could have walked it was really just more convenient to drive and valet park.Like all wyndham timeshare resorts, there's no bellhop and maid service (you have to pay extra to have one). There is a trash chute on each floor- easy to empty the trash your own. Activities fill-up fast and please note that not all activities are free. The most expensive activity was $20 a person.All the common areas seem to be filled with sales people. Check-out is 10:00 AM Overall:The Grand Desert provided an exciting and relaxing vacation with no worries. Great for families and other people who want to be close but not right in the middle of the action. Highly recommended!	
Jan 17 2009 	Loved the Wyndham	We've been at the Wyndham Grand Desert for 7 days now and sadly, we have to go home tomorrow. Our 8 day stay was part business and part personal and the Wyndham is great for both. A rental car is a must given it's location to the strip and the areas just off the strip aren't very comfortable to walk through late at night. There were taxi cabs always available as well. The unit we stayed in had a parking garage in the basement and that was super convienent. The unit was terrific, it was clean and very large. The bed and pillows in our two bedroom unit are so good we're trying to figure out how to take them home on the plane! We rented our unit from a Wyndham owner that we found on Craigslist and got a GREAT deal. Check in was smooth and they give out the best chocolate chip cookies - you have to have one. It's been around 65 degrees and sunny during our stay which is great for January but, not warm enough for us to use the pool area. Several others have been out there every day and we have a great view of the whole pool area. It looks beautiful and would be a great amount of fun in the summer.We enjoyed being able to get away from the strip and the smokey casinos and the traffic and the people to really relax at night. Little things that really added to the stay (1) We didn't get hassled by the sales people up and down the strip trying to get us to go to a time-share presentation. We just flashed them our Wyndham card and said that we're all set. (2) Internet access was $30 for the week instead of $20 PER DAY on the strip. (3) We had friends that stayed in a strip hotel and needed to print their plane boarding passes - they were charged $7 per page. Here it's free in the office center.Great place, Great Value, our new favorite place to stay in Vegas.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great for Lots of Space	We stayed at the Wyndham during the CES convention. Vegas is very expensive at this time but I found a great rate via eBay (contact [--]) for a two bedroom unit. We paid the same for this extremely large apartment as we would have at one of the lesser quality hotels...Hooters, Tropicana, etc. Since we were traveling on business it was just fine. I don't think it is best place for a girls weekend or for those who love to party and gamble all night as there is no casino close by. The pools were open and HEATED!! It is a bit out of the way but only a 5 minute walk to Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile Shops or Hard Rock in the opposite direction. Parking was easy and included in our stay which is always a plus. The photos online portray the hotel correctly.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great for Vegas with Family!	Stayed at the Grand Desert from Dec 27 to Jan 3, 2009... really enjoyed it. Very clean, fairly new, nice staff. Not five-star exceeding expectations... but good, solid, all around very nice stay. This place is primarily time-share owners... we recieved a week as a gift. Pool area is VERY nice looking, but it was too cold in January to enjoy - I think you'll like it if you visit in warmer times. Computer lab and kids game room was a nice touch IF you're comfortable leaving your kids. Very family-friendly... if you're looking to party, maybe stay on the strip... but if you want to be close enough to gamble / see shows... but far enough to keep kids / in-laws away from the madness... this is perfect.You CAN walk to the strip but it's about 10 minutes walk west. CVS and a few restaurants are about 10 minute walk in the other direction, Hooters (restaurant and casino) about 10 min walk south. Rental car not needed... but we got one and REALLY appreciated it. Valet parking is free EVERYWHERE (but it's tacky not to tip at least $2) so driving around Vegas really isn't that hard. At the Wyndham, I suggest a car, but you CAN have a good time without.We came with a group of friends and thought it was idea. If we had come alone as a couple, maybe would have liked staying on the strip better. Oh, one final bonus... it's about 3 minutes to the airport.	
Jan 5 2009 	Fantastic hotel off the strip	One of the best value for money hotels/condos that we stayed at. Originally booked for the Meridian Luxury Suites but was subsequently moved there by the agent because of a loss of short term stay licence by the above. I was initially disappointed by the pictures I saw on Tripadvsor and even Wyndham's own website. As we walked into the reception area, we were pleasantly surprised by the beautifully decorated furnishings. The staff were very friendly and showed us all the various amenities available in and around the complex.The room was large and well furnished, a lot better than the Wyndham we stayed in Orlando previously. The condo was so much better than expected. The overly large jacuzzi bath soothed aching legs (the complex is a fair walk from the main strip) and the kitchen was a boon to have, away from the tiresome buffets and overpriced restaurants.Parking is also free. Was a bit difficult to find a space during the New Year period, but all hotels seemed to have this problem on on the eve.Overall, a family as well as adult friendly resort and I would definately stay there again, on the provisio that I will rent a car next time.	
Dec 31 2008 	The title of "resort" is a bit of a stretch	My family of 8 stayed at the Wyndham in Las Vegas the week of New Years 2008 and I can't say that were all that impressed. The &quot;resort&quot;, (and I use that word loosely because it's just a motel) clearly exaggerates the quality and convenience of their amenities. The pictures and videos used to promote their &quot;resort&quot; are deceiving. And you know in the video when a guy comes and helps the guests with their luggage? Yeah well, that guy doesn't work here anymore. The &quot;convenience store&quot; consists of 6-8 shelves of the world's most expensive and almost outdated junk food. A little bottle of pop is $2.50 and a loaf of bread is $5- don't go there. The &quot;fun-filled&quot; activity center is nothing more than a tourist trap. The kids are required to buy tokens to use the games which will cost anywhere from $1-$5. I sent 2 kids the &quot;activities center&quot; with a $20 bill and they returned back to the room in less than a half-hour wanting more money. Wyndham failed to mention in their brochures that they intended to soak my kids for ever dime they had. So if you were hoping for a place with fun things for kids to do; a place like the one Wyndham claims to be, well unless you have about $100 a day to give your kids, forget it. And there's no place to get any real food within the resort. There is a stand that they call a &quot;deli&quot;, which would remind you of a stand that sells hotdogs and nachos and a professional baseball game- oh, and it closes at 4pm. And every time you ride the elevator you have to activate it with your room key. Tonight I forgot, and a very loud alarm went off and within seconds a police officer appeared in the elevator and questioned me as though I was a bag lady. So if you are carrying any packages etc and carrying your key card in your purse, plan on having to set everything on the ground to dig through your purse to get your key if you want to use the elevator. Perhaps that sounds like a petty complaint, but I honestly found this to be an inconvenience. The rooms are clean but certainly not &quot;luxury&quot;. Just picture a Holiday Inn room with a little kitchen and an extra bedroom and that's pretty much what they look like. The pictures of the rooms on their website are exaggerated. There is a small washer/dryer, which was nice for our large family, but no maid service offered whatsoever. With that said, my family of 8 was quite comfortable in our room, with the exception of no affordable food or activities in the &quot;resort&quot; as promised. Also, they are not &quot;2 blocks&quot; off the strip as advertised. Instead, they are several blocks off the strip and much too far for kids to walk. For what it's worth, their lobbies are gorgeous, and the woman who answers the phone at the front desk is quite pleasant, which is a big plus since we've had to frequently call her to ask where certain things in the motel are located simply because the brochure we were given at check-in just doesn't give that information. There is absolutely NO information or written material / resources in the room. I assume this is because most people rely on the Internet for all that information, but unfortunately the Wyndham charges $7 a day for internet- also never mentioned to us. They do have an area where a person can plug their computer in for free- good luck finding that &quot;area&quot;. The outdoor courtyard with the pools and hot tubs is very pretty and very well kept, however it's pictures were also CLEARLY exaggerated in the pamphlets on and the website. Don't get me wrong- it's nice, but it's not as nice as the pictures make it look and I never saw any staff members open up the “bar” or food stands in the courtyard. Again, the videos exaggerated.I don't think our family will ever stay here again. I don't mind staying off the strip providing I can get breakfast in the motel or at least a bottle of soda that doesn't cost me nearly $3. Staying at the Wyndham requires leaving the facility for absolutely everything one needs. And they do offer a shuttle service to the strip, but only until 10:00. And they will allow you to ride on a shuttle to the grocery store, but it will cost you $3. My message is mostly for families with kids. This “resort” markets itself as “kid friendly” but I found it to be anything BUT that. It would cost hundreds of dollars per kid to participate in all the activities the resort boasts about. Overall, The Wyndham Grand Desert in Las Vegas was a less than average experience.	
Dec 20 2008 	Respite from the Rat Race	This is the third year my mother 70+, my father 80+ and I have traveled to Las Vegas for our pre-Christmas gift trip. This time we decided to stay in the Wyndham Grand and I am so glad we did. As one who has a Kool-Aid budget and champagne taste this place was great. Traveling with &quot;Mummy and Daddy&quot; helps too (-: This place is designed for those whose idea of a vacation is to take it easy; nothing planned nor expected but to inhale and exhale daily. I had been experiencing 17-18 hour days in the months prior to coming to this site. It proved to be a badly needed respite from the Rat Race, even in Sin City!Anyway here is what I found:1. Stay in Tower Two, we were in Room 1271 a 2-bed/2 bath suite with a great view of the pool area, incoming and outgoing airplanes and a little bit of mountain!2. This place is totally smoke-free, that means a lot to me coming from the smoke-free state of Ohio.3. There is a free shuttle (tips appreciated) that takes you back and forth to Harrah's, givng you greater access to the action that's part of the Strip.4. There are many activities planned by the activities staff for those who are not just in Vegas for the gambling, shows, and restauranting. This part of the Resort reminds me of cruiseship activities. I recommend the tour to the Ethel M Candy Factory, the four-hour gambling tutoring class, the Black-Jack tournament, and the Friday night Social (there was a Patti-Labelle-type singer who was entertaining and sounded pretty good too, plus there was a free Italian-food buffet). I would recommend you sign up for week's activities as soon as you get there. Activities fill-up fast and please note: Not all activities are free. The most expensive activity was $20 a person.5. There is a DVD player in each room and a free DVD loaning library (based on the honor system) in the Activities Center. There were several releases I saw from 2008 that I missed in the theater including Atonement, The Bucket List ,and Michael Clayton.6. There are daily activities for children.7. It was too cold for me to get in any of the outdoor whirlpools and swimming pools, but there is a Jacuzzi-type bathtub in the Master bedroom that was good enough for me. I am not sure the in-room Jacuzzi is big enough for two however.8. When you go to the grocery store you are given the store discount like Kroger's, Giant Eagle, etc., which results in you saving even more. As a result, we were able to get one-pound plus T-Bone steaks for between $4-$6 each!!9. The clientele is ethnically diverse, this is always a plus for me. However, most of the people are 50-plus.10. The kitchen is stocked as if Emeril, Paula, and Christina were called in to consult for this part of the Resort. There was Revere Wear, metal mixing bowls, an ice-bucket and corkscrew, there were wooden spoons, plastic spoons and metal spoons to be used for cooking. The only thing missing in my opinion was a steamer that could be set down in one of the pots for the steaming of fresh vegatables. There were even a set of steak knives, three other kind of knives for cutting and a cutting board!! A cooking spirit came over me and I broiled steaks, cooked fresh kale and made fried cabbage. The aroma from my food could be smelled in the hallway but in my opinion, it was not overwhelming. I loved the kitchen set-up complete with a microwave and diswasher.11. BET was available on the cable tv.12. The Computer Center has 8 computers and two laptop stations. The Center is opened nearly 14 hours a day. Internet access is free here, but you will pay for it in your room. There is also free-printing, up to 10 copies per person.13. You can not hear any noise from neighboring rooms..The down side of the experience.Now the following information is for those who might consider these as obstacles to their full enjoyment of the Resort. I did experience these things but I was able to withstand them:1. This resort is very close to the airport, those not used to overhead plane noise may find this annoying.2. The bath towels are rough and scratching.3. I have a sensitive nose and there was an odor (in the hallway only) that I thought was natural gas (I inquired at the front desk; there is no gas on the property, the kitchens are all-electric). I found out it was some chemical used to maintain the sewage lines in the place.4. The food served in the on-site restaurant is very basic; you may want to make that trip to the grocery store and get breakfast food, lunch food, and snack food. Plus the prices in the on-site place are high; breakfast for three was $30 and came in styrofoam carry-out containers.5. Not everything takes place in Tower Two, you must go outside and walk about five minutes to get to Tower One and Tower Three; I didn't like this at all, mostly because it was cold and even snowed one day during our stay.6. There is no daily maid service, please buy some Comet-type cleanser to clean the tub, bathroom sink, and kitchen sink.7. There are no Gedeon Bibles in the nightstands as this is a private resort,; BYOB!8. I can understand how check-in was a problem for those who have previously reviewed this property. I had to wait too, but only about 20 minutes.Additional Tips:Go to Ellis Island, it's a restaurant, casino,and brewery frequented by the locals. It's nothing fancy, but if you are willing to eat food that is better than McDonalds, but definitely not the Wynn, you will be pleased with the BBQ (after 4pm only) and the breakfast ( not served after 11am). The portions are huge; the quality is &quot;mom and pop-ish/small town home-cooked American cuisine.&quot;	
Dec 3 2008 	Very good experience at Wyndham Grand Desert	I stayed at the Wyhndham Grand Desert from 11/21-11/28 via timeshare exchange with RCI. We stayed in a one bedroom unit on the 4th floor of the Bella Torre tower and had a nice view of the strip hotels. The resort is a few blocks off the strip, but, it is really quite a long walk. We had rented a car, and while we could have walked it was really just more convenient to drive and valet park. All of the strip hotels had free valet parking. We had no trouble finding a parking stop upon returning from the strip in the evenings, but, it was quite crowded the night of Thanksgiving. The unit was well equipped and had washer/dryer, dishes and lots of cooking utensils. If we had wanted, we could have stocked the fridge and cooked all of our meals. There is a coffee cart in the lobby that sells Starbucks, and a cafe on site for breakfast and lunch. They also have a great onsite convenience store if you need something. There is a shuttle bus trip daily to a local grocery store as well. One disappointment is that there is no maid service. Daily maid service is not typical of US timeshares, but, many times there is a midweek exchange of towels. This resort has a midweek &quot;trash and tidy&quot; that is priced by the type of unit you have. For the one bedroom it would have been $55! To take out the trash and give some new towels? If you actually wanted a &quot;clean&quot; it was $110. I personally thought this we crazy. There is a trash chute on each floor- easy to empty your own. The other dissapointment was the WiFi. $6.95 per day. In this day and age, at a Gold Crown resort, this should be included. Other than that, no complaints. We had a great time, loved the hot tubs, and no one asked us to do the presentation!! First time that ever happened- I'm not sure how we slipped by their radar but we did it! I would absolutely stay here again.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great room long walk to the strip.	Stayed here in October using some cheap Wyndham points that I bought on EBay. The effective cost for two nights in a three-bedroom unit was about $600.Location - Off strip on Harmon Ave. About two long blocks off the strip behind the Marriott Grand Chateau. The closest casinos are the MGM Grand and Planet Hollywood. Its a good 15-minute walk and there can be some traffic so be careful in the evenings. Poorly placed road work sign on Harmon makes it tough to pass by. There is a shuttle to the Harrah's casino. If you are going to PH or the south strip casinos, you are walking or taking a cab.Check-in - Not as fast as I would like. There was a line that took a while for them to get through. Its faster if you have the VIP status, which you only get by buying retail points contracts from Wyndham. When you check in, they will offer you a parking pass and a welcome packet if you stop by the check-in desk. If you don't need the parking pass, you can really skip that step. The welcome packet doesn't have much and the goodie bag isn't really all that. If you do choose to get it, the concierge desk does try and get you into a sales presentation that can last anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes depending on whether you want a $25 or $50 gift card.Room - Very nice. A three-bedroom, two-bath suite. We didn't have a high floor, but still had a decent view of the strip hotels. The suite was well furnished and nicely laid out. The internet in the room was good and I didn't pay anything for it which is a plus.Hotel amenities - There is a pool, business center, cafe among other things. They also have guest activities (for a fee) like pizza parties and kids activities. We considered the cafe for breakfast one morning but it was in one of the other buildings on the third floor so we gave it a pass.Service - The cleaning service is not daily but this is not atypical with timeshares. You have to ask (and pay I believe) for any extra cleaning service. The concierge service downstairs is helpful. The bell service is fine and they let us store our luggage before our flight. Since check-out is 10:00 AM (strictly enforced) you may find the luggage storage useful.Overall, very nice property. When I return to Vegas, I would probably not use this though, due to the distance to the strip. Great for families and others who want to be close but not right in the middle of the action. My wife and I prefer to be right in the heart of it all. Still for two nights in a 3BR unit, the effective cost was a great value (as long as you get your Wyndham points resale)	
Nov 12 2008	Desert Oasis	We spent a week at the Wyndham Grand Dessert resort in Las Vegas, Nevada. We were in town for a convention, and instead of paying the ridiculous casino hotel prices, we used our ownership points to stay nearby. The unit was fantastic. We saved a whole lot of money on food by going to the nearby grocery store and using their full kitchen.The pool was nice, although with the tall buildings, there's only about 4-5 hours of good sunlight.We loved the free shuttle to Harrah's on the strip. Very convenient!!! Although we did have to keep an eye on the clock to catch the last one at 12:30, but overall a great service.	
Nov 5 2008 	Love it	This Place is awesome. A block off the strip, beautiful pools gorgous rooms. It's amazing. You only have to contend with a little high pressure sales other then that the place is amazing. Full Kitchen, whirlpool. Nice comfy Beds!	
Nov 4 2008 	A Pleasant Surprise	We did a time share exchange for a week at this resort. It is really not a resort but a rather small quite respite from the craziness on the strip. It is a bit of a walk to the strip (six blockS) but not bad. Also--UNLV is only about a mile away which adds another great venue for walking. The free shuttle goes to and from Harrah's and we did use that.Our one bedroom apartment had a full kitchen and a washer and dryer which was a real plus. Some of the furniture has seen better days but it was adequate.What was outstanding was the staff. They were very friendly and helpful.There are two pools--one for adults and one for families. Sun is limited --especially at the adult pool but it is a very pleasant atmophere. The only negative is --no food or drinks available in the evenings--So plan ahead. We are booking for next year already!	
Nov 2 2008 	Roomy a bit far 	The Grand Desert's staff aims to please, the rooms are quite roomy and the furniture is comfortable. However, the rugs are quite dirty and/or worn. The linens were not crisp and the towels grayish from so many washes. This was one of the few timeshares that did not supply any kind of housekeeping services at all without cost. The pools, pool seating and public areas were in wonderful condition. There were tons of family activities and the game room held a selection of free entertainment (ie, WII, shuffle board). The shuttle to Harrah's was efficient and we never had to wait for more than 5 minutes. However to get to the Luxor/Mandalay side of the strip a cab was needed, especially on the return trip since we were warned that the area was not healthy at night. This can add up. We would not stay again at the Grand Desert (mostly because of location) but do realize that it may work for families. They should really spend more time sprucing the rooms up.	
Nov 2 2008 	Nice place but rent a car	My family and I just returned from staying at this hotel and overall we had a nice time. We arrived very late on the day we checked in and the check-in was quick and painless. They told us we could come back for our welcome packet the next day since it was so late. We got up early the next morning because we were told there was shuttle that runs to the grocery store everyday (so you can stock up your kitchen). However what everyone failed to mention is that you have to sign up the night before and the shuttle leaves at 8am. We planned to go the next day and as luck would have it, that was the one day the shuttle doesn't go to the store. Needless to say, we never made it to the grocery store. There is a shuttle the runs from the hotel to the strip and it lets you off at Harrah's. Be sure to walk through the casino to get to the strip. I asked a police officer how to get to the Paris hotel and he directed me down a back alley. It worked, however I wouldn't have told a young woman by herself at the time to walk down a back alley. The hotel doesn't offer any room service and the food on-site is overpriced (as is most of the food in vegas). There is a decent gym facility and the pools looked very nice though we never had a chance to try them out. The rooms are very clean and nice. We had a jacuzzi tub with jets and it was very relaxing. There isn't any room service and you have to call for extra linens as you need them. There IS a washer/dryer in the units which is great if you have kids and they supply you with some detergent.This is a nice place to stay if you have kids or would like to save some money by cooking some meals for yourself and don't want to stay directly on the strip If we were to stay here again, we would rent a car to get around to the store and some of the restaurants off the strip a little easier. Also be sure to ask what things need to be reserved ahead of time or signed up for in advance.	
Oct 28 2008 	The Wyndham exceeded our expectations!	My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Grand Desert on a week's time share exchange in September, and I have to say that I had some reservations about being so away from the strip and also as to the sheer size of the place! I am not a fan of high rise buildings! When we checked in at the appointed time, 4pm on Saturday 27 September, my heart sank at the length of the queues at check in, it took over 30 mintutes until we came to the front of our queue. However, from then on the &quot;holiday experience&quot; improved by leaps and bounds! We were given free cookies by the check in guy, (probably as a result of the long queue) and he was most helpful in arranging a newly refurbished apartment with a firm bed for us as I told him that my husband had a bad back. We were not hassled to go on a time share presentation, but were given our free pack of goodies, deodrant, eye cream and mints etc.The luggage was whisked up to our apartment on the 8th floor, (not too high!!) and the apartment itself was spacious and very well decorated, probably one of the best apartments we have exchanged to over the last 12 years. We had a one bed apartment, the bed was so firm and it was a treat to have the jacuzzi bath in addtion to the large walk in shower. The free toiletries were a nice touch and I appreciated the washer dryer in the apartment. The whole apartment was decorated in gold and earth tones with lovely furnishings and fabrics.Whilst the pool area did not have sun all day, I was grateful for the shade as it was over 90 degrees most afternoons, and the pool was huge and pretty with the palm trees surrounding it. The free pool towels were a bonus and the security guys made sure the &quot;adult only&quot; pool was kept that way.I would certainly go back to the Wyndham if I was staying at Vegas again, if you don't mind driving to the casinos, as it's a fair walk to any of the big hotels in the heat, and with all the construction going on in Vegas at the moment, it's dusty and noisy if you are walking far. We didn't use the free shuttle as the hotels we wanted to go to weren't that close to Harrahs.	
Sep 17 2008 	A very good choice	It's our fourth stay in Vegas and our first try at this property. Since we were 3 adults (a couple and a parent), we were looking for a 2 bedrooms / 2 bathrooms accomodation for a reasonnable price and that's exactly what we got at the Wyndham.The room was perfect for our needs and nice for the price (we paid 800$ net price for a week-long stay booked with an owner). Not as modern as the Signature (no plasma TV, just regular TVs), but it doesnt' matter much to us (at least) since we don't watch much TV when in Vegas (we save that for the rainy days elsewhere).Pools were moderatly crowded for a off-peak period (week after Labour day). Patrons were mostly retired couples and some families (probably much less than when school is off), so we had room to swim and sit by the pools. Nice jacuzzis, but downtime on those are a problem, as it is often in resorts - leaving at a certain day only one of the three open, and it was the smallest one (seats 3-4 persons max.). Another one remained on maintenance for a full week. On the other hand, the pool hours (6am-11pm) are a plus, since other hotels on the Strip often close their pool grounds soon after the sun goes down. And I've seen swimmers in the pools up to midnight - they are probably not too strict on the rules as long as you're not noisy.Nice gym too, and many other free activities (Wii and Nintendo console games, ping pong, computer use... all included) offered, some for a small fee (casino night, bingo &amp; pizza, etc.). We didn't use the free shuttle to the Strip since we rented a car, but it's there. You can also walk to the Strip (10 minutes) - in our case, with a 100+F temperature all week, it was not an option. Also shuttle service (for a fee) is offered to Freemont Street, Red Canyon and other attractions, even grocery shopping, so you can go about without even driving and still see plenty.Very nice staff, everywhere and working hard (I've seen cleaning crews on duty all day long). The salespersons are not too bothering - a nice no is enough, no insisting.Don't expect much food outlet there, only a counter-service restaurant (no room service), which implies lesser &quot;star-rating&quot; than what other hotels would get with less to offer all in all. There is SO many options to eat in Vegas (and there is a in-room full kitchen) that this seems a relevant choice by this resort, at least in my opinion.So I recommend this resort for an off-Strip, no casino but nice pool-and-relax stay.	
Sep 7 2008 	very nice not fancy	We stayed at WGD August 29 through Sept 5. We are a 50 young couple who has been all over. We liked the Grand Desert, got a good deal through Exotic Travel Club. We stayed in tower one, near the adult pool (no kids) the room was nice, although not like the pics. See fab. time at the Wyndham review, that's what ours looked like. The room was clean, bed comfy, kitchen somewhat small. The property itself is nice, not like the (I feel somewhat wacked experience of being on a property on the strip) There were salespeople around, but siince we already have our ETC they left us alone. Loved the water aerobics in the morning (finally they warmed up the pool) and the fact we could eat in our own place when we wanted. The Hilton Grand Vacation on the strip had somewhat nicer layout of the room, but we would go back to WGD in a second. It is about a ten minute walk to the strip. There is a snack bar and a little store in the tower on the third floor. Very nice staff. The little store is expensive so if you are watching $$$ shop at one of the grocery stores near the property.	
Sep 5 2008 	Luxurious!	We visited May 2008 for Memorial Day. The resort offers free underground parking, two pools - one for adults only, the other is family friendly. The rooms are impeccable: ceiling fans, a/c, stereo, dvd player, bright and roomy, large bedrooms, bathrooms and kitchen. Everything was excellent. The kids made tye-dye t-shirts by the pool, there's showers/restroom w/lockers if needed, and a little store onsite for necessities and such. We had a super time!	
Aug 27 2008 	Fabulous place to stay!	We stayed here for 4 nights in March. The room was beautiful. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite. I have several pictures which I will post. The pros: very modern furnishings, linens, etc. Very clean. Spacious living room and kitchen. The room had a washer and dryer. It was great to have the full refrigerator and stove. Two beautiful pools and several hot tubs. Great location to strip. TV in living room and another one in bedroom. Cons: We requested a non-smoking room but upon entering room it was very evident that people had been smoking prior. We complained and they sent someone up with some type of air purifier. They told us it would take about an hour so we left and went to store and then to pool. We returned about 2 hours later and it was still running in our room. As a matter of fact they never came back to get it the entire duration of our stay! It didn't work either. You could still notice the odor of smoke but it wasn't unbearable. Also we were approached about buying a timeshare. You weren't required to sit through the &quot;pitch&quot; but we did and got two $50 dinner vouchers. Parking was very limited. Especially late at night. Very difficult to find a spot. Great location, beautiful room, and great pools. We really enjoyed this place.	
Aug 23 2008 	Quiet Oasis in Vegas	We stayed at Wyndham Grand Desert 3 nights (8/26/07-8/29/07), using our Wyndham points, This was part of our 2007 Western US Road Trip. We had been camping for a week and were ready for civilization!Check-in was very fast, friendly and upbeat. We were in our room in about 15 minutes. Our 1 BR Deluxe unit was on a higher floor in the tower with the lobby. We did not have a balcony, but there were large windows in the bedroom and living room overlooking the courtyard and pool and we could see the top of distant mountains over the roof of the tower across the courtyard. Nice. The unit was clean, bright, nicely appointed and well maintained. The kitchen was fully equipped and everything worked; Living area included TV/DVD, comfortable seating, and good size dining table; Bedroom had king bed with a good mattress, whirlpool tub and vanity and the Bathroom had a walk-in shower; Washer/dryer set were in a closet off of the dining area. Our only problem was the door to the washer/dryer closet - it fell when we walked past it, shortly after checking in. We called maintenance and they were there within 30 minutes and replaced the door. GOOD SERVICE, CANNOT COMPLAIN! We were very comfortable at the Grand Desert. This resort is a large complex with several towers, underground parking as well as outdoor (got an underground spot first night and did not move until ck-out). The courtyards with pools &amp; hot tubs have the feel of formal gardens with plants and statues. This is an oasis in the midst of nonstop activity! We did not spend much time in our unit - WE WERE IN VEGAS and Vegas kept us entertained - nonstop - for 3 days. We did not participate in any of the many resort activities, or actually use the pools (walked around the nicely decorated courtyards). We did use the computer room to catch up on our email (no WIFI in our room). We booked the shuttle to Fremont Street, and made reservations for a Vegas Show through the concierge. We always used the free shuttle to Harrah's (ran every 15-20 minutes from 9 a,m. 'til midnight and was punctual). This put us in the middle of all of the casinos. Sensory Overload &amp; tired feet!!We went to the Member Services &quot;Update&quot; which was 'offered' at check-in. We scheduled for next morning (to get it out of the way). There was definitely an attempt to have us 'upgrade' our points, but the pressure was not too bad. We simply said that we had plenty of points. They were not as aggressive as some have been (about an hour).Of course Las Vegas is very entertaining. We spent most of our time walking around the casinos (gambling a little), admiring the posh shops, taking in the sights and eating lots of great food. It is true that you lose track of time inside the casinos. One evening we enjoyed the light show (awesome!) on Fremont Street - This is the original Las Vegas that we remember from 1969 (minus the light show). One evening we saw &quot;Jubilee&quot;, a good Vegas Revue.The Grand Desert is a quiet retreat and a great place to relax between shows, gambling, eating, and walking around seeing the many Vegas attractions. We left the Grand Desert on Wednesday headed for Lake Tahoe.	
Aug 21 2008	Condo for 3 Nights	Rented a 2 bedroom from somone on Ebay for a decent price for a family vacation. Had a fun time but took forever to check in. The place was loaded with &quot;representatives&quot; looking for timeshare pitches to sell. We had a good time but I was always looking over my shoulder trying to avoid those timeshare salesmen.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great Value	Great value for the money, at only $80 per night. We stayed in the newest tower. It was a bit confusing to find, we had to go back to the front desk after going the wrong direction from the initial check in. In fact the check-in procedure is a bit confusing and drawn out, but well worth the trouble for what you get. I did not have any problem at the initial check in desk, which only took about 10 to 15 minutes, which I consider average for most hotels. We opted to not attend a timeshare meeting, which was easy to say no, and they accepted with no problem. The room was clean, large and the TVs were fairly new, although nothing like a LCD or flat screen, just older TVs in good working order. The kitchen is great, having adequate dishware and cooking utensils, etc. The bathroom is nice, and our small boys liked the huge jetted bathtub. I agree with some of the other reviews, that the pull out sofa mattress is awful, and my back hurt each morning I woke up. But after a shower it was okay. Other than that, the room was great, the staff was always very helpful, and they brought us extra amenities often upon request. The pool was fine, we got down there about 9:00 a.m. each morning and there were plenty of lounge chairs at that time and the pool was not crowded, although we were only there each morning from 9:00 to 11:00 to avoid the hotest part of the day. We rented a car, so had no problem getting to the main part of the stip, although it takes forever of course driving down Las Vegas Boulevard. Overall, would stay there again if I could get the same price.	
Aug 11 2008 	"Great Birthday Stay"	My best friend and I always try to celebrate our birthday by taking a trip together. This year we stayed at the Wyndham Desert Grand. We have been to Vegas before and stayed at other locations however this was by far the best birthday we celebrated in Vegas. We were kindly greeted by Front Desk staff person Stephanie. We were early checking into a room that we requested. The room would not be ready until later in the afternoon. Stephanie assisted us by making accommodations for our luggage to be stored and we were able to tour the strip via their free shuttle service to Harrah’s until our room was ready. Stephanie even contacted us by cell phone to let us know that our room was ready for us to check in. We checked into our lovely one bedroom suite with a full-kitchen. The accommodations were awesome. We stayed in the Tower off the lobby. Upon entering our room we had a message from Stephanie to contact the bell desk. I called the bell desk and they informed me they would be right up to our room with a delivery. To the surprise of my friend and me we were presented with a bottle of wine and a box of chocolate each as a happy birthday gift from the Wyndham. This set the stage for our trip which turned out to be great. We still can’t stop talking about our trip to Vegas and the Wyndham. My friend and I highly recommend this resort. We will be going back again and again.	
Aug 9 2008 	Stay in 3rd tower	Had a delux lock off. Air conditioner was broke but staff came right up and took care of. Smaller pool then the main, but liked because was quiter.Very clean and professional	
Aug 6 2008 	Great stay for the $!!	After reading some scary reviews on this &quot;resort&quot;, I found a great rate (from Kayak, 35% off per night for a two day, weekend stay), and couldn't resist trying it out. I was not disappointed!Now, if you are looking for an experience like the Bellagio, this is not a full-blown hotel experiance (no casino onsite, but thats a plus for me, less traffic, and can park close to my room) but it is a clean, quiet (didn't even know if we had neighbors) place. The bonus for us was for about the price of an OK, one room hotel on the strip, we got true suite; separate bedroom for the grown-ups, and a queen sized pull out for the kids, with a nice kitchenette (electric range, stovetop, microwave, small but full sized fridge, etc) a bathroom that both rooms could access without bugging the other sleeping party, full access to two pools (one for kids/family, the other for over 18 only) and the gym was pretty well outfitted and always included for all stays (at Luxor you had to pay separate, or get a package).So, if you are a family that wants a little more space, and likes it quiet in your room, I can't recommend this place enough. Will definitely go back next time I'm travelling with family to Vegas.	
Aug 3 2008 	Wyndham Grand Desert Vegas July 252008 thru August 012008	This resort is about a good 15 minutes walk to the nearest casino, Hard rock Café. We recommend this resort because of the cleanliness, staff very accomodating, seperate pool area for kids. I suggest on renting a car if you like to come and go as you please, all the casinos offer free parking. There’s a snack area in the hotel Tower 1,which offer breakfast and lunch at a reasonable price. The internet room has about 7 workstation and 2 laptop stations for guest and you can access wireless internet in the lobby.	
Jul 26 2008 	A Generous 2 Gold Dots	After checking in the desk clerk told us to go the the desk behind us for our &quot;welcome packet&quot; before going to room, we were given a complimentary shaver and mini deodorant in a bag, these are practical people I tell myself, no little chocolates or bottles of bubbly to welcome you jacking up the overhead and thus the price of room rates, as I'm handed my shaver and deodorant in a bag a eager salesperson tries to schedule me in for their 2 hour time share promotion. We had only flown for 4 hours and gone thru the rigors of 2 airports and gathering bags and finding transportation to the &quot;resort&quot; and that could make you feel less like a guest of the establishment but rather a potential victim of the aggressive sales department. We are booked into Tower 1, room was small and kind of dingy. We did request an upgrade, willing to pay any extra of course, but were told every room was booked. The taxi drivers noted business in the city had been down lately, so it is surprising but certainly not impossible that this hotel was booked.Next morning we sought out the Starbucks coffee station advertised in the room handbook, but it was not open the first day, the staff was running late, they said, still not open the next day, due to a broken part and still not open the third morning as the part was still broken, I called just to checkThe deli could not serve chicken strips or other deep fried items because &quot;the fryer was down&quot;. Called desk for directions to ice machine, desk person said we needed to turn on our refrigerator ice maker, wasn't notified of that on arrival so desk person ask how many buckets we needed and they would send some up till our fridge worked up a supply. Desk person called back and informed me they were out of ice, guess no one told them to turn on their ice maker either ! I I then ask if they had any at the bar, this was listed as a resort this is Las Vegas and they advertised as a mile from the strip I didn't think it unreasonable to inquire about a bar. But they had no bar,the deli was closed and the little shop with $20.00 12 packs of domestic beer was also closed the bar info was relayed on Saturday, they did say they would have a bar on Monday, They were having a grand opening in fact. I thankfully was leaving Monday. We attempted to take advantage of the free shuttle to the strip upon arrival, the one that picked up every 30 minutes, we waited like stood up prom dates in our party clothes at the shuttle pick up point for one hour and then had the doorman call a taxi, we ask him about the elusive shuttle he called the desk and they never got word back to us, we followed up the next day and the doorman said he never got an answer as to why the shuttle was not coming on a regular basis.I would not recommend this place. It did give us shelter from the heat , no one was rude and the plumbing worked so I wouldn't give it a terrible rating, but I wouldn't stay again and I cannot imagine how one might be successful in selling a time share based on or at this location. We are not high maintenance people and actually laughed about the misadventures, determined not to let it ruin our little holiday. I guess you could say this resort is not high maintenance either, the difference however is they were not paying me to stay there.	
Jul 25 2008 	Wonderful for my family	Bought a week in a three room suite from a gentleman on e-bay who specializes in selling Wyndham time share rooms. We went out to see the west and it was amazing. The hotel was comfortable and clean and based on my E-Bay purchase it was an amazing value. The room was spacious with tv's in all the bedrooms and a garden tub in the master. I would recommend this hotel for a family get-a-way.	
Jul 24 2008 	Nice but out of the way	Nice larger units, but bad television's(13 inchers), and no wireless access in your unit? I was here on a working vacation and to not have any sort of access to wireless service was not cool. To far to walk anywhere in the heat, even thought it was only a couple of blocks to the MGM the traffic is rough and they come fast. Nice resort events planned by staff and very little sales pressure.	
Jul 24 2008 	Not bad. But don't expect too much.	I've been to this resort twice.First time we were put in Tower 1, did not like the room. It was a really small (1) bedroom suite. We got moved to Tower 2, which was much better. Have not stayed in Tower 3 yet (it's the one that's not connected to Towers 1 &amp; 2.If you are in Tower 2, ask for a room that faces north. The further east you are in the tower will give you a better view of Planet Hollywood all the way to the Wynn.If you get a deluxe you will not regret it. After being on your feet all day at the casinos, it's nice jumping in the hot tub.The only thing is that it is not furnished with nice things. The TVs are tube TV's and the remote controls were missing batteries or wouldn't work at all.Don't expect the Venetian It is no better than a Luxor hotel room. Crappy cheap bed cover. It's nice having a fridge &amp; kitchen. We just make a stop at Target and pick up some microwave foods.When it gets busy, your car is going to bake in the Las Vegas heat. On a busy weekend, you will be hard-pressed to find underground parking.	
Jun 29 2008 	A Decent Alternative to Staying at a Major Casino/Resort Hotel	I own timeshare points through Wyndham, and have used them to stay at this resort on several occasions. I am not sure how much it costs to book a room at this resort outside of the Wyndham timeshare process.For our latest stay, we were in the newer tower (the name of which escapes me). My wife and I went last minute for a weekend, so we booked only a 1BD Deluxe unit. The building and amenities are newer. This new tower has its own pool and jacuzzi, though much smaller than what is at the main tower. It is however, much more peaceful at this tower - so if you do not have kids, I would suggest staying at this tower.The unit was nice (though the AC was not working - but it was luckily not the middle of summer, and there was no need for it). Very typical of the newer Wyndham timeshare units being built. Nothing was too elaborate or over the top - just a bit above average. As always, the amenity of having your own kitchen, washer, dryer, dishwasher, dining room, and living area, make a &quot;timeshare&quot; unit incomparable to a &quot;hotel&quot; unit. If traveling in a group, or with children, having these simple amenities are very convenient.On a prior stay, we were in a regular 1BD unit, and we did not like the layout very much. We were also in the original tower, and it is much louder on that side. I would try to get a Deluxe unit when possible.There are many activities, and many families. The pool area is decent, and with all the kids and families, it is easy to make new friends. There is a shuttle that goes to Harrah's, so if you do not have a car, you can get to the major &quot;Strip&quot; area fairly easily. The Hard Rock is also within walking distance.The Presidential suites are noticeably nicer, so if you can get one of those, it is worth it (at least in my opinion). We are going for a few days in September, and have booked a 3BD - so I will report on how that went after that trip.Of course there is no casino here, and if you want to have a wave pool, or lazy river, and be in the midst of the grandeur and action that the casinos have to offer, this is not the place to be. The conveniences of what they have to offer however, I think make this resort a an option worth exploring for families and groups.	
Jun 25 2008 	Wonderful stay off the strip	Booked our 2 bedrrom suite thru an owner for about $75/night. We were on the 13th floor in the newest tower #3. Room was very comfy and clean. We overlooked a vew of the strip and the airport. It was very entertaining watching the planes come in and take off. Parking is free. They had a special rate of $19.95 for 3 days of internet which we did. The shuttle picks up and takes you to the back of Harrah's. It was very nice to be away from the strip. Didn't get a chance to use the pools. They were not very pushy about doing the timeshare tour. Would definately stay here again. Very comfortable for 2 adults and 2 teenagers. One bedroom had a king bed and the other 2 queens. The room was very quiet and we were never bothered by any hall noise. A great stay!	
Jun 22 2008 	Enjoyed the Wyndham would stay there again	We rented this through vrbo.com and were very satisfied. In fact, the owner called me at home before the trip and offered: one: to move us to a bigger suite if we wanted it for the same price, but we weren't interested and, two: to offer some tips on Vegas and the resort. I'll be glad to pass on his contact information if anyone is interested.Now, we had a two bedroom, two bath and it was more than big enough for three adults. I thought the room was nice, the kitchen was nicely stocked, clean, stacked washer and dryer, etc. The master bathroom is huge. We really prefer condos because we like to cook meals for ourselves.The pool area was very nice, but crowded during the day. We did eventually find a seat. I knew in advance that there was no bar, but we took drinks down from our room either in cans or plastic cups.We were only approached once, at check in, to do the timeshare presentation. We gave a firm no and had no further problems.I think staying on the strip has its pros and cons. It is nice to be able to go right out the door and be on the strip, but off strip is quieter and less hectic.We did not use the shuttle or attend any of the planned activities at the Wyndham. We had a rental car and just valet parked most places we went.All said, we would definitely stay at the Wyndham again and I would certainly use the owner I used this time go get the rental.	
Jun 18 2008 	Extremely Nice Not Perfect	We're Global Discovery Vacation owners, and we just arrived home from staying at the Wyndham. The property is beautiful, and our room was VERY nice. The staff were very nice, and made attempts at being helpful, but on a couple of occassions ended up not providing the help we asked for, which is why we're giving it 4 stars rather than 5.Overall property: Very beautiful place, with two outside swimming pools--one for adults only, which was nice to get some peace and quiet while the kids had fun in the other one. It took 15 minutes to walk from our room to the strip--another 5 minutes to the MGM or Monte Carlo. They provide a shuttle service every 30 minutes to Harrah's, but we had a car and drove most of the time.Room: We had a one bedroom suite, which was extremely nice. Full kitchen with cooking/eating utensils, place settings for 4, fridge, stove, microwave, dishwasher, coffee pot, toaster, blender. There was a washer/dryer in the room with two loads-worth of laundry detergent. The bathroom was very big with a large soaking tub, glass shower and separate vanities. Bedroom was good sized with TV, closet and a safe, and the bed was EXTREMELY firm, too much so. Living room had TV, DVD/VCR and stereo/CD changer.Amenities: Pools, hot tubs, workout center, gift shop, deli, computer room with several internet-connected PCs, WiFi,activity center with pool tables, ping pong, arcade games, XBox, Wii, Playstation. They have tons of daily activities including water aerobics, Bingo by the pool and a &quot;dive in&quot; movie by the pool.There were a few things that would have made this a hands-down 5-star resort. We called for extra towels, which were never delivered, even after 3 calls. We called maintenance because the stereo wasn't working, and they never showed up. I figured out that unplugging it and plugging it in again fixed the problem. In each of these cases, the staff did seem to care, the results just never came. WiFi: you can pay extra to access it in your room, or you can go to the computer room for free access. We never could get it to work even in the computer room, and neither could anyone else we talked to. At a place like this, I would expect free in-room WiFi or hard connection. As this is a timeshare resort, some may not like the push to get you to go to another presentation. We didn't mind, as we spent an hour eating breakfast while someone talked to us--we didn't receive a lot of high pressure, which may have been due to the fact that we're already with a travel club rather than Wyndham owners. For our time, we got $125 in dining certificates that are redeemable at several nice places on the strip.Overall, it was a fabulous experience, and we will absolutely be staying there again on our next trip to Vegas. We bought groceries at a nearby Vons, which saved us a lot of money on food. Their regular prices are outlandishly high, unless you have a Vons membership card. We asked for one, and they gladly gave us one. Otherwise, the groceries would have been almost twice what we paid.	
Jun 18 2008 	Disappointing	Compared to other timeshares we have stayed in this one was very disappointing. The suites are OK, but a little dated. We were initially given the wrong room type ie. a lock off one bed as opposed to a 1 bed suite, they did change it after much discussion (the lock off was quite depressing!). Pool area very nice as was the helpfulness of the staff in general.Main issues were:1) Hotel does not have a licence to sell alcohol, they do have various parties during the week with free drinks which are OK, however a cocktail or beer by the pool or at night are out of the question2) The whole place is overrun with sales agents selling timeshares, by the pool in the lobby, everywhere!!! It is very annoying that wherever you are you can't escape it3) The hotel is off the strip which is only about 10mins walk away, however in the heat it seems much further. The free bus service is OK but is sometimes difficult to get on as it is full of potential timeshare clients.The focus here is definetely selling timeshares as opposed to looking after guests.Would definetely not return.	
Jun 16 2008 	Good place for groups 	Stayed at this resort with my family. The resort was busy &amp; check-in took a long 15 minutes. There were activities on site for kids &amp; adults. Our 2 bedroom had a full kitchen &amp; washer dryer. We could see the strip from our room. It was nice waking up every morning to see the Eiffel Tower. Would recommend either renting a car or taking a shuttle to get around.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great place to stay	I had a great stay, just one bad thing. If you want to go to the pool in the morning, you need to get their early. I went down at around 930 but all of the chairs already had towels on them, but no people. People leave for lunch, and leave all of their stuff, then return a couple hours later. The chairs next to me had towels, and the people did not show up til after noon. Oh yeah, as for the cafe, I had one good breakfast there, but don't order the breakfast burrito, not good, but the country breakfast was good, and the french fried are really good. The rooms are really nice. The gym was much better than most places. No use of mirrors to make it look bigger, and all of the machines worked. When they did karaoke by the pool Saturday, they served snacks and refreshments(beer!). Thry also had Fiesta Night with margaritas on Thusday, and another night they had a wine and cheese social. It's nice to be off the strip, quiet. I had no problem with check-in or with salesmen. Large rooms at an affordable price, a real change for Vegas.	
May 20 2008	Wyndham Grand Desert is Exceptional!	Excellent stay. Jacuzzi room separate from the bathroom. Stacked washer/dryer in room. Full kitchen, complete with toaster, coffeemaker, microwave, stove and fridge. Coffee to brew (ask for extra sugar and cream). Living room has sofa bed and chair with entertainment center, dvd player, tv and stereo. Dining area is large enough for 4. Bar separates kitchen from dining. King sized bed in bdrm with safe in closet. Spacious and clean. Enjoyed my stay. The 1 bdrm is large enough for a 2 kid family or 2 couples.	
May 17 2008 	Nice place off the Strip	I booked a 1 bedroom in mid-April for my wife's birthday. We were pleasantly surprised with the spaciousness of the setup. The bathroom had a separate jacuzzi tub and large shower. Expecting a mini-kitchen, we found a full kitchen with dishwasher as well as inroom washer and dryer. For $89/night, it was a great deal. Though we didn't get a chance to use the pool (too windy our week), we thought it was nice that they had a children's and adult pool. There were resort activities and a complimentary shuttle to the strip. We would definitely consider Wyndham again, especially if we were staying longer or had extended family trip.	
May 3 2008 	great place	We had a two bedroom, place was nice ,clear, and the rooms were a nice size. Everbody was helpful and made it a pleasure to stay there. The only thing it's starting to show it's age. i really would stay there again. located close to everything.	
Apr 23 2008 	Comfortable Clean Convenient Some Noise	Positives: A great place to stay off the boulevard. It was comfortable, clean and convenient. The full size kitchen was very useful and helped save money on food. A washer and dryer was in the room. The pool and exercise facilities were nice. The staff was helpful and reliable. The shuttle to Harrah's made life easier. Got a great price from Craigs List. Negatives: If you're not up for walking, don't stay off the strip. We're physically active, but with traffic and people, it took 30 minutes to walk to the strip. There is a shuttle but one night it didn't make the last stop, or we missed it, even though we were at the stop 15 minutes early, and waited 15 minutes afterwards.The first night, a Saturday, there was lots of noise. I forgot my earplugs, so be prepared. Slamming doors, A/C noise, and people partying at the pool.	
Apr 19 2008 	We had a great experience at the Wyndham Grand Desert	Stayed at the Wyndham with my 4 girlfriend last year. It was my friends timeshare. We had a 3 Bedroom unit and boy was I impressed. It was very comfortable and all of us had a bed to sleep in. The kitchen was a really good size and so was the livingroom and dining room. It was great to have 2 bathrooms and a washer and dryer in the unit. Everything was very clean. I have no complaints and would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Mar 25 2008 	Very nice stay at the Wyndham Grand Desert	Our stay at the Grand Desert was very nice. We booked through an owner and got a really good deal. I did have a slight delay at the front desk for some unknown reason. (I was the only one checking in?). The room was very nice, roomy and clean. Just like a nice one bedroom apartment. It also had a jacuzzi which was very nice to use as well. Parking was very convenient. Pool area is also very nice and clean. Staff was very friendly and you could not leave the hotel without seeing multiple staff members constantly cleaning on your way. They seem to go above and beyond to make sure this is a first class experience in my opinion. It does have limited dining and entertainment options right at the hotel, but you are in Vegas and can find that anywhere a very short distance away. We stayed at the Signature on the same trip and me and my wife both agree we would choose the Wyndham first.	
Mar 21 2008 	Good family and friends choice for Vegas!	Stayed here with six girlfriends on a girls weekend getaway. Rooms and bathrooms were very clean, service was excellent, and the location was not bad at all. You'll need a car to get to the Strip, but they do offer some limited shuttle service to the Strip if you don't want to drive.Did not eat at any of the restaurants, so I can't vouch for that. We didn't use the pool or jacuzzi, but from what I could see out the window of our room, they were quite popular with the guests.I think this is a great spot for families and friends, but I would not recommend it for a romantic getaway - it's a timeshare property, so you'll see lots of older couples and young families and groups like us (seven women hanging out). We stayed in a two-room suite, which had a small kitchenette. Just be forewarned that they do not clean the rooms during a short stay unless you request it.All in all, I think that this is a good place to stay!	
Mar 16 2008	Loved the Wyndham Grand Desert	We booked a 1-bedroom unit for March 7 through 14 and were hoping to upgrade to a 2-bedroom unit, as we were four adults. The resort was at capacity, so we were unable to get the larger space, and we actually made out fine with 1 bedroom, although certainly the extra room and bathroom would have been great for all of us. From the moment we arrived, we were treated graciously and were impressed by the lovely atmosphere and cleanliness of the Wyndham. After checking in, we were sent to the &quot;activities desk&quot; to pick up our activity paperwork. No surprise to me that this was an attempt to sign us up for a presentation. I don't usually mind attending them, but we were told by a very polite young man that it was a 45 minute &quot;survey&quot;. When I told him that I thought it was a presentation, he denied this and said it was simply a survey, and when I stated that I have heard that before, and it was likely going to be 2 hours, he stated we should just attend the survey and then leave after 45 minutes. From past history, I know this is easier said than done, and we went ahead and signed up, but we were unable to make the scheduled time when it arrived. We saw and heard salespeple doing the tours .... I mean &quot;surveys&quot;, and they were full blown timeshare presentations. I understand that everyone is doing their job, but it was a little disheartening to hear some of the facts being stated to those on tour..... i.e., &quot;ALL the pools are heated here&quot; (in fact only the smaller adults only pool was heated, the larger pool was freezing cold. And another we heard regularly, &quot;Everyone you see here is either an Owner here or the Guest of an Owner&quot;. We were neither....we traded in our Florida timeshare through RCI to get this. And not surprisingly, the few people we asked about their &quot;survey&quot; told us that it went in excess of two hours. I just think it would be better to be honest with people than to attempt this bait and switch routine on intelligent people. We were not pressured, however, to reschedule when we called to cancel due to one of our group not feeling well. As for our week at the Wyndham, it was great. The room was really nice and the unit well equipped. I am not one to &quot;look&quot; for things to complain about, but I will say we were surprised in such an upscale property that the TV's in the unit were absolutely awful - old fashioined, small TV's with awful pictures. In this day and age, you would think the TV's would be larger and have a much sharper picture. The unit had great amenities, all the small kitchen items we needed (dish soap, laundry detergent, pot holders, towel, paper towels, toilet paper, toiletries, etc) were all included, and although we didn't run out, it was obvious that if we needed something additional, we would have been able to obtain that from Housekeeping. Having the washer and dryer was great - instead of asking for fresh towels, we just washed our own and were also able to do our personal laundry as needed. The shower and whirlpool tub were very nice, great water pressure, and as stated by another reviewer, the water gets really hot. Dangerously so, and for four adults, this is okay, but if someone has a child in the unit, scalding can easily happen at the kitchen sink or shower, so be careful of this. They should have the &quot;posi-temp&quot; levers installed, which only allow the water to get so hot. The water pressure was great for taking a shower, and there is a hairdryer (wall mounted) in the bathroom. The vanity lights are extremely bright and harsh, but this unit is also nice because there are doors from the outside hallway AND from the master bedroom to get into the bathroom. This made it nice for us to all be able to get into the bathroom without one couple having to go through the bedroom to access the bathroom. Our friends said the sofa bed was surprisingly comfortable, and the bed in the master bedroom was heavenly - the mattress and pillows were great. The comforter was white and thick and extremely soft/comfortable. Before we left, however, we looked at a 2 bedroom unit in Tower 2, and we noticed that the beds were older and different looking, more like hotel mattresses with those comforters that are awful to lay under. Hopefully, the resort is in the process of converting to the new bedding, as I would be very disappointed to get that old motel type mattress and scratchy comforter. What we had was fantastic.We didn't use our kitchen too much, but it was really great to have the refrigerator stocked and to be able to make toast and coffee, have juice and snacks, whenever we wanted. It would be very easy to cook a full dinner in that kitchen - it had tupperware, glass dishes, bakeware, a colander, plenty of pots and pans, and pretty much anything you would need in the kitchen. For $3.00 and a sign-up in advance, the activities staff will take you to Von's Grocery store, where they stay for one hour and you can do all your food and alcohol shopping. It's perfect. And that's $3 per unit, not per person - well worth it to make that grocery run on the first day. The Wyndham was great. The staff goes out of their way to be helpful. When I unknowingly was carrying a bottle of beer towards the pool, a representative didn't just stop me to ask me not to take the glass to the pool, but she also gave me the plastic cup to pour it in, and then gave me extra cups for the future. She was pleasant and helpful, not condescending at all. We found all of the staff to be this way, and we can't wait to return next year for a week (and once again will be hoping for a 2 bedroom unit!). There is a nice internet room, including computers for your use and a printer. There are plenty of computer workstations, and this is at no charge to the guests. One suggestion would be a note at the sign-in asking people not to use their cell phones to chat while in the room, as it is really distracting to those reading and writing emails. I hope this review is helpful!	
Mar 7 2008 	Nice stay....Customer service not good	We stayed for 4 nights in a 2br unit as FSP members.Check in was terrible! I was the only one in line, and they took 15 mins to get to me. One agent even waived her finger at me as if to say &quot;one minute&quot;, then disappeared for a break.They run you through the usual routine to visit the &quot;concierge desk&quot; for a parking pass, then attempt to lock you into a &quot;member update&quot;. We signed up, but never showed!They have a shuttle that runs to Harrahs and back every 30 mins. I think it's best to have a car at this property. We were able to eat &quot;off&quot; the strip where things are much cheaper.Room was okay (Tower 1) but showing age in some areas. I believe this is the oldest tower.Family pool wasnt heated, so my kids used the Adult pool. Security came and stated people were complaining, but we stayed anyhow after I checked with the manager who said that kids could use it if the family pool wasnt heated.Be careful of the water in Tower 1.....there is no limit to how hot it will get! Also, we all found that we were very itchy....not sure if it was the dryness or something in the water at the Wyndam.	
Mar 1 2008 	Incredibly comfortable clean and beautiful Resort!	This was a vacation booked through our vacation club, Global Vacations ...It was one of the best places we have stayed in so far. Our condo was a two bedroom, complete with everything we needed and then some. One bedroom had a king bed, with a HUGE bathroom including a washer and dryer, and a second bedroom with two queen beds. We stayed in the main tower which was good because we just had to go right downstairs to exit. There was a shuttle to Harrah's each day if you wanted (but its easy to rent a car, all the casinos have free parking...) I can't say enough good about the resort. One thing .... if you are looking for something right on the strip, this is about a 20 minute walk and has no casino in it. It's quiet, clean and gorgeous.....we will go back there as soon as we can!	
Feb 27 2008 	Just a SUPER place!	Our stay took place from February 22nd through February 25, 2008. We booked our condo through Craigslist and it was a one bedroom deluxe. My wife is 28 and I am 42. We arrived in Las Vegas and took a shuttle to the Wyndham, but on our next stay we will just take a taxi as it is actually cheaper than taking the shuttle. The Wyndham is located about 5 to 10 minutes from the airport and is only a few blocks off the strip in the area of the MGM. Check in at the Wyndham went very rapidly. The condo itself was magnificient, and had all the luxuries you could ever want. My wife claims her bed was the best she ever slept on and I tend to agree with her. The jacuzzi tub was big enough for both of us and sat just off the bedroom and a bathroom. The tub was more like a regular jacuzzi than a bathtub. It had a nice romantic atmosphere to it. The bathroom had a super large shower area. The only negative thing about the shower was the water pressure could not be controlled, and the water pressure was so strong that it actually hurt when it hit you.The condo we had was in tower 1 and overlooked a gorgeous meandering pool and landscape. The staff at the Wyndham was super in every possible way. They were very eager to give us directions, call us a taxi, answer any questions we may have, and just real courteous, willing to go the extra mile to make our stay that much more special. I should also include in this review that I paid $360.00 dollars for the 3 nights we stayed there, and looking back on it, that was a steal of a price for the services that we received.This is a timeshare condominium complex, and we were asked to take in a presentation but declined. There were no repeated requests to take in the presentation which made things that much more enjoyable and hassle free. This place does not get 5 stars from us, but 6! Our experience was that good.	
Feb 18 2008 	Should have read the reviews -- For Older Couples	I didnt get a chance to do a ton of background checking on the Wyndham before hand because I booked in a hurry, so I'll take the blame for that. First, I am 29 y.o. attorney who was taking my girlfriend (also under 30) to vegas for the first time, a couples trip for Valentines day. A two night stay.Positives:-The one bedroom apt we had was roomy and full of everything needed for an extended stay (microwave, blender, fridge, oven, etc...). The room was very well done.- If you stay there, i recommend staying on the side so you can see the strip (one side of the hotel faces vacant lots) and on a higher floor.-The room is equipped with a nice stereo and tv- Generally nice staff, no complaints about that- No casino in the hotel -- good and bad i guessNegatives:-First, please note that this place is OFF THE STRIP. What does that mean to someone whose never been to vegas? It means that to get to the Strip, where most everything is, you are going to have to take the shuttle. Or take a nice walk, (which isn't too bad, just hope its not one of those days where the nevada winds reach over 50 mph which it was for us, or a day when it reaches 100 degress...forgettaboutit). The shuttle supposedly comes every 15 minutes, but we found ourselves waiting longer than that...and, they don't let u know when it comes either, it waits for under a minute then takes off, so if you miss...you'll have to wait another 15. The alternative is to walk and its a pretty long walk if you include the walking you're going to do on the strip and in the hotels...Note also, I'm from NYC where walking is never a problem and I'm saying the walks are pretty long. If you look at the map, it looks like its only a few blocks from stuff...just note that one vegas 'block' is like 5-10 NYC blocks if you can relate. - Also note, the shuttle only goes to Harrahs, not various stops up and down the strip; and the shuttle stops after a certain time so don't count on it if you plan to hit up one of the many clubs in vegas.- What happens next if you don't use the shuttle -- you have to take the local cabs which will run you on average of 10+ bucks to go less than a mile. We ended up taking cabs most of the time and it became a bit expensive.- Lastly, the 10am check out is NO JOKE. It doesnt seem bad while you're reading this review, because most places give you a bit of a grace period. Not here. They want your @$$ out, or a $100 fee if you stay til even 11am!!! So essentially, if you plan to go out the night before and enjoy the nightlife...know that you will be paying for it in the morning; literally and figuratively. This really hurt our trip because we enjoyed a nice night out on valentines day the night before but had to be rushed out the next morning. Our flight didnt leave till late that day so even a little extra time to get stuff together would have been great and left me with a better feeling about the place.Conclusion:If you're an older couple (my parents, lol), couple with kids or a business traveler who has to be in vegas for like at least a week, the wyndham might be better and some of my complaints may not apply. However, if you are a younger person looking to be submersed within everything vegas has to offer in a few days, this place might put a nice damper on that. Making a choice between staying out or making your 'curfew' to make the shuttle back is no decision that I would want to put on anyone looking to have a good time. Stay on the strip.Ciao	
Feb 18 2008 	Grand time at the Grand Desert	Although I travel to Vegas annually, I do not, by any means, consider myself an authority on this exciting city. This is my fourth stay at the Wyndham (formerly Fairfield) Grand Desert. Each stay has been wonderful. The units are large, clean and well-stocked. I stayed in a 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom condo in the main tower. The housekeeper did an excellent job preparing the unit, as I felt comfortable settling right in without doing a thorough cleaning, as I tend to do before unpacking. The unit, which sleeps a maximum of eight, has a spacious living area with pullout sofa, large screen television, DVD player and stereo system. There’s also a dining area that seats at least six. The full kitchen has ample cookware and place settings as well as two bar stools pulled up to the counter. The master bedroom is nice-sized with a dresser, two night tables, closet with safe and a television. The master bathroom has a large jetted tub, separate glass shower and double sinks. There’s also a stacked washer/dryer in the master bathroom. The guest bedroom has two double beds, night table, dresser, smaller television and closet. The guest bathroom is a standard full bath, separate from the sleeping area.The main tower housed an internet room with numerous computers and a printer for guests to use, activities center with pool, video and board games. The main tower also has a bar and concierge. One negative appears to be the lack of a full-time bartender. I walked past the bar around 4pm and again at 8pm and it was closed both times. It wasn’t a big deal, as most time was spent at the casinos. The courtyard area housed two pools and three hot tubs, one which was closed for maintenance. The tower that shares the courtyard featured a snack bar, workout room and gift shop.The resort is a short hike from the strip. I enjoy the location; it’s a quiet retreat from the glitz and on-going parties of Vegas Blvd. A shuttle provides complimentary transportation between the Grand Desert and Harrah’s Casino. Be sure to check the hours with the front desk as it is not a 24-hour shuttle. There’s a concierge on-site for 12 hours a day to help plan excursions outside of the resort. Although there is no restaurant on the premises, the full kitchen definitely comes in handy for leftovers and/or preparing meals. Once again, the Grand Desert provided an exciting and relaxing vacation with no worries. Highly recommended!	
Feb 14 2008 	Great Location For A Wyndham Resort!	This is a wonderful location to everything in Vegas. This resort is just off Las Vegas Blvd between Planet Hollywood Hotel, and the Hard Rock Hotel. Perfect place for families that want a trip to Vegas without having their children wondering around in a casino. This place isn't flashy, nor a plain (motel)! Had a wonderful time, and would recommend this to anyone that wants a quality place to stay without having to put most of your money in a place to stay.	
Feb 11 2008 	Not over the top Vegas style but a very nice place	We used our time share points to stay here. We were very pleased with the room. The bed was very comfortable. The room was spacious and we had no problems with noise from the hall or other rooms. It was not a luxury style hotel like you find on the strip in Vegas but compared to other hotels it was above average. We did attend the meeting for the &quot;free&quot; gift and breakfast. I would recommend using your time for more fun things in Vegas! Outside of hotel info: The desk recommended Ellis Island within walking distance for cheap eats. It was the best breakfast we've had in a long time for under $20!Phantom of the Opera at the Venitian was excellent!Love at the Mirage was ok - I think I'd choose a different Cirque show if I had a choice.All the casinos took our money - but I'm sure we'll be back again!	
Feb 3 2008	Nice room	I purchased an 11 night stay from a timeshare owner on an eBay auction. Reasonable price for a 12th floor presidential penthouse suite. Clean and well equipped. Great views of the mountains from our bedroom and living room. Quiet. Great elevator service. King size master bed was very comfortable. Nice bathroom. In room washer/dryer convenient. My only complaint is no internet in the room. this may be enough to keep me from staying again. We had to go down to the third floor and then change buildings to access the internet with our laptops. Internet is a necessity for vacation and traveling in my opinion.  Staff is friendly, parking is convenient (we rented a car). Good location close to the strip. There is no casino on site. We knew this ahead and decided we would try it. We were satisfied. For a short term, we would rather stay at a casino. For this extended stay we liked having a car. We found several casinos off strip that we liked much better and returned to them nearly every day.	
Jan 26 2008 	Top Notch Hotel	Excellent service, Incredible rooms and amazing amenities. Can't wait for my next trip to vegas and this hotel.	
Jan 6 2008	Do Not Do The Timeshare Presentation	I thought the resort was nice - way above your average hotel room. But I was was one of the unfortunate people to sign up for the timeshare presentation. I thought it would be an in-and-out sort ordeal once I expressed that I was uninterested. I was very VERY wrong. It was the biggest waste of TWO HOURS of my life, ever. I was forced to do a &quot;travel planner&quot; list (it was basically like doing homework), and then when I finally suffered through the entire presentation they sent me to another person for me to &quot;check out&quot; with - it ended being ANOTHER sales person with another pitch. WTF!! I have had a root canal done before and I don't remember it being as painful as the experience I had. The people were rude (sales lady had me waiting around for 15 min maybe while she took a cig break?!?), and I even told them I was missing a football game. I hope these sales reps get a real job and a real life.	
Dec 30 2007 	Convenient pseudo 'home away from home'	This is my second time staying here during Christmas. What I like about this place is that it is not on the strip which can be very noisy. I also like that there isn't a casino in the lobby. So if that is what you are looking for, you shouldn't stay here because you will be one of those complaining people I hate reading reviews from.+s - Kitchen, dvd player in living room, jacuzzi tub, washer/dryer-s - small fitness center, WiFi charge, not close to anything, parkingI like the fact that I can take my time getting up, make breakfast in the morning, and lounge around in my pajamas. The floor I was on was relatively quiet and I seldom heard anything from the people above. It was funny that some of the people I encountered were not very friendly given the time of the year. Since this is a timeshare, I also felt some thought they were &quot;somebody.&quot;The fitness center was crowded so I opted to join Gold's Gym which is about 4 miles away on Flamingo and Sandhill and open 24 hours. One week-$35-go as many times as you want. Since it is buffet city here, I went quite often.There was a charge to use the WiFi in your room. There was a computer room which was also small. However, when the room was closed, WiFi was available for free in the hallway, so bring your laptop. I went around 6 am and no one was there. There's a nice couch to sit on. The location is about 4 blocks from the strip in one dirction and the Hard Rock Hotel from the other. If you don't mind walking, go for it. They do provide a shuttle to Harrah's which is great. I think the last shuttle from the casino is either 10 pm or midnight. The sign was a little unclear. If you have a car, great! Parking at Harrah's is free and centrally located. Also, getting around is not that bad if you stay on Paradise road. The strip during busy times can take forever.There were a lot of cars this time so if you are coming back late, you might not find a parking space. One night I got in at 2 am, but was lucky. A few seconds later, I don't know where I would have parked as a car rolled in after me.Overall, I enjoyed my stay and will stay here again. It's like a home away from home. It's beginning to show a little wear and tear. Didn't take any pictures this time, but it looks a little like the property from Waikiki, but not as nice, since this one is older.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great place to stay.	This was my 3rd time staying there. I had a 1 bedroom deluxe with jacuzzi. Very nice, large and basically a 1 bedroom apartment with everything you would associate with that.	
Dec 2 2007 	Better than I expected!!	I stayed at Wyndham Grand Desert for a week &amp; I have to say it was better than expected. I stayed there with 2 friends &amp; had a standard 1 bedroom apartment. The king size bed was very comfortable for my friend &amp; I to share &amp; my other friend slept on the sofa bed. The sofa bed was not so comfortable but was ok to sleep on.All the bedlinen was clean.The apartment was fully kitted out with all the cutlery &amp; pots &amp; pans though we never used it. Its a pity that they never had compliplmentary tea bags though there was ample coffee for the coffee filter however we are tea drinkers!!!The bathroom was a decent size for all of us to leave our toiletries on the vantity unit. Shower was powerful which was great to have.There were plenty towels in the bathroom however I think Wyndham need to take note &amp; replace them with a new set, the towels had there day &amp; were fraying at the sides &amp; looked pretty warn out. Buy some new towels for the resort!!!!!The bathroom had the standard toilet &amp; bath soap, shampoo &amp; conditioner. There isnt a daily cleaning service in the apartment but they do come midweek to clean up &amp; give you fresh towels. The option is there for a daily clean for a fee.Check In &amp; Check out was easy &amp; quick. We only used the shuttle bus once as we had hired a car but it turns up on time and does run from Hurrahs until 11.30pm back to the resort. We never used the pool or hot tubs but my friend put her her hand in the pool one evening &amp; the water was warm so even in the cold if you really fancied it, you could take a swim.I used the internet facilty in Tower 2 - 3rd floor often, which was super fast. There is free use for 30 minutes &amp; you can print out upto 10 pages free. Thereafter 10cents per page.I have to say reading some of the previous reviews, I was concerned that i may get harrassed from the sales people, but not once was I approached, however did get a call from someone at reception for a chat but we never were in the apartment during the day much to return the call to ask what their call was about.All in all it was a comfortable place though the corrindor carpets do need a change. If there was availability I would have preferred the 1 bed deluxe or the 2 bed apartment as the sofa bed not comfortable enough &amp; a little old.	
Nov 13 2007 	It felt like two vacations in one trip	My husband and I arrived just in time for 4:00 checkin and asked for and received building #1 and a low floor that overlooked the pool. We were using a timeshare guest reservation and just told them that we had no interest in being contacted for a tour. We never received a call but did see some people walking about with agents. There were many booths in most of the hotels giving out perks for the tours but they were not annoying anyone. Our one bedroom suite was very clean (maybe a little dated as too furniture) the appliances all seemed new. There seemed to be lots of improvements going on thruout the 3 buildings. We sat by the pool most days after breakfast in our unit. We enjoyed the music and reading comp.newspapers. While we lounged we saw workers cleaning all the time (even polishing the lamp posts). We enjoyed taking the shuttle to Harrahs every day and going to the many casinos. You can also pick up other shuttles at the back of Harrahs were you are left off. This is a full service resort with concierge service and bellhops. Everyone was pleasant and helpful with all our questions. The shuttle to shop for groceries turned out to be a fun morning with everyone being in the vacation mode. They had some nights with complimentary snacks and drinks. I checked out the activity center and I booked a couple of tours with them. Nice activities for children of all ages. I would really enjoy another trip to Vegas and staying at the Wyndam again.	
Nov 12 2007 	Wyndham was wonderful!	I was lucky enough to get to stay at the Wyndham through a friend who has a time share with them. The room we had was wonderful. Two bedrooms, kitchen, dining area, large living room area. The decor was up to date and the room very clean. I didn't even notice I wasn't staying on the strip. I had family staying at the MGM and the cab ride costs less than $5.00. Very convenient location to get to the strip. I didn't use the pool area but it's very nice and they even had life music one night by the pool. I would definitely stay at the Wyndham Grand Desert again. Oh, and the staff was super friendly! :)	
Nov 1 2007 	Overall very nice stay	Check in was delayed a bit (about 20 minutes) and after more than 8 hours of travel time between driving and flying, that was a bit aggravating - especially since we were the only ones in line. Apparently (and this was at 10pm) the room(s) were not ready and we had to wait while the desk clerk called up several times via walki-talki to whoever was fixing up the room. The condo itself was very nice, much much better than you would get in a motel from a typical strip hotel and, having purchased the week from eBay, we got a significant discount from what we expected to pay. We're not a big fan of the timeshare concept and this was the first time we were going to be staying in one so we were a bit apprehensive about pressure to buy from someone.We had no reason to be apprehensive. Every employee we met during the stay was friendly. We were asked once (and once only) about attending a sales presentation and when we refused, there was no negative attitude or pressure.The employees put on a halloween haunted house (GREAT job) for the guests. Travel to and from the Wyndham was easy and while it's not located actually on the strip, it's only a couple blocks off (use the shuttle if you can). At night, it's less than a $10 cab ride from the Bellagio (example) so even if you're out later than the shuttle ride itself, it's pretty cheap to get around.Parking is a bit of a problem if you get in late. We were in building 3 in the back and sometimes it was a hike to get from the car to the entrance to the building.Overall, the condo was clean though it is starting to show its age a bit with worn carpet and older tv's (cable service is not good - few clear channels). It was VERY quiet - while the hotel was absolutely packed - we never heard any guest noise whatsoever either through walls or from the hall. There were security people all over the parking lot every evening (fewer during the day) --- and you needed a room key in order to operate the elevator. The only negative I can really think of is the loudness of the washer / dryer (we decided to do a load of laundry one morning) but, on the other hand, where else do you get to use a washer / dryer in your room???Overall, a very nice stay at a very nice place ---- literally all of the comforts of home (now if only they had room service!!!) :-)	
Oct 26 2007 	IM STAYING HERE NEXT TIME!!!	Wow!!! Me and the girls had such a great time this past weekend in Las Vegas!!! Six of us came out to celebrate my sister's bachelorette party and we were looking for a room big enough to accomodate all of us comfortably. There was none on the strip so I booked here, and thank goodness I did! Not only did we get to do some major female-bonding while we ironed our clothes or ate breakfast together, but the staff, the room and the location was great! Everyone was really super-nice (we even took a picture with our bell-hop!), we got a 2-bedroom in a quiet section, away from the elvators, which I requested, and we had a nice view of the pool area, which we also requested. The room was super-clean with the kitchen extremely big and complete with anything you would need. The large jet tub was a treat and thewasher-dryer complete with detergent was used AND loved by all!!The location was also top-notch because u could walk ten minutes to the strip, which is about the same u would do thru a casino, or u could take the shuttle which runs every 30 mins. and never ONCE was too full to take us to the Harrah's casino, which is in the middle of everything. This hotel is so cool even the shuttle bus drivers were friendly!! There is not one single thing me or any of my travel companions could or would complain about. We all know, when we come back here next year, for the anniversary of our bachelorette party, we will be staying at the WYNDHAM!!! Thanks for the memories!!!	
Oct 25 2007	It was sufficient but nothing to write home about. It did what it did.	First off, this was an RCI timeshare exchange. The Wyndham, is more average than above average, it gets it above average only by being somewhat close to The Strip and other store and restaurants nearby. The Location, is like 2 1/2 long blocks east from The Strip. And halfway between the meat of the southern part of casinos on The Strip. Even though Harmon is a busy street, it can get a little lonely and unsafe at night. The Wyndham does provide a shuttle to the Harrah's Hotel and Casino every 20-30 minutes, from 8:30am to 10pm. Check-in was a snap. As for parking at the Wyndham, it's fairly vast and close. The way the building is situated and where the Elevators are located, it forces you to enter the Resort via the main lobby on either side of the Resort. The other two corners have no entry way. There ought to be an alternative way to get into the Resort other than through the main lobby. Getting to the room and finding the room impeccably clean and set for us was pleasing. The next order of business was getting the apparent Third Party Wi-Fi internet. The Resort doesn't offer any Wi-Fi themselves. The third party that they have you call is a company called Resort Wi-Fi, or Pronto Networks. It costs $29.95/week, or $39.95/month. Email receipt gives the name Pronoto Networks. The leaflet given by the Wyhndam gives the name Resort Wi-Fi. Anyhow, I took the plunge for one week. Despite my wireless reading the connection as (unsecured wireless connection), I still went ahead and used passwords and such over it. If I find any problem with this way, I will update this review ASAP. To add insult to injury, the speed is atrocious. According to BroadbandReports.com, I got an average of 42 Latency, 436 Kb/s download, and 476 Kb/s upload. And via Yahoo Internet Speed Test, I got an average of 416 Kb/s download, and 500 Kb/s upload, plus a throughput of 46 seconds. All in all, it's the only internet available other than dialup. For other negatives, the walls here at the resort are a little thin. If you are quiet on your side, you can hear all sides, not loudly, but you can hear them, if you really try. Last but not least, the couch/bed in the living room, like many a Hotel rooms, sucks big time. Why can't they work on this old pastime of an extra bed? I had to sleep on the floor a couple of night, or just on the couch. All in all, it was a great stay. Nothing to write home about. It did what it did. I would just suggest getting a rental car if you plan to stay here.	
Oct 15 2007 	Too Early of a checkout. 10:00 is 10:00.	Overall I was happy with my stay. The room was great! I enjoyed the pool and the activities, especially the happy hours. The shuttle bus service was a plus. The only real drawback I had was during checkout! I did checkout by phone from my room. I called at 9:55am. I stated that my limo would be picking us up at 10:45. I ask if we could remain in our room for that time and I was told 10:00 is 10:00. It sounded pretty rude and unnecessary. Rather then argue I said fine and we waited in the lobby. What could have been a perfect weekend ended on a sour note!	
Sep 28 2007 	Great Surprise at The Grand Desert	Having travelled from the UK my wife and I were staying at the Wyndham in stunning Sedona and decided it would be silly not to visit Las Vegas while we were relatively close. Boy, are we glad we did!!!! Arrived after a long drive to be very pleasantly greeted by friendly staff with no queue whatsoever. The usual Wyndham offer of an &quot;update&quot; tour (with time-share sales pitch attached, of course) was politely declined and unlike in the Florida resorts this was accepted with grace.The hotel itself was large and well presented and we were well pleased with our spacious one-bedroom apartment and (thanks to the guy on reception who noted our first time visit) had a view of the Strip all the way up to the Stratosphere and into the distant mountains. The hotel location was within a 10 minute walk of the main Strip and the shuttle bus was regular and easy to use. Facilities were excellent and included two pools, a shop, take-away grill and a gym.My wife (who is disabled) took advantage of the resort massage and reflexology service and I have to say this was also first class. The knowledgeable and friendly staff (who certainly knew their trade) refreshed her after the long day (and night!!!!).Highly recommended and top-notch for those wanting to relax a little away from the bright lights.	
Sep 26 2007 	Grand Desert 	Stayed @ Grand Desert Sept.14-21 &amp; rented 2 bedroom/2 bath w/full kitchen=was GREAT.Pools clean &amp; towels &amp; lounge chairs great.Room clean &amp; worked great for us.Resort has shuttle to grocery store daily if needed-we had rental.Internet room worked great for printing boarding passes.No pressure for time share after told no thanks.Would stay here again if going to Vegas.	
Sep 14 2007 	Nice big resort with lots of families	I just got back from a stay at the Grand Desert. A friend of mine used her Fairfield points for our 2 bedroom suite. It was my husband and I and another couple, all in our 30's. This resort is very nice. The suites are a very nice size. The master bedroom was large with a king bed, and a good closet. The master bath was HUGE with separate shower, jacuzzi tub, double sinks, and a washer/dryer. The finishes were very nice in the unit. It also had a full kitchen with dishwasher and dining area. The grounds are well kept and pretty. The pool area is very nice with the adult pool being raised up from the family area. The pool was clean and well maintained. There were ample towels available and the pool chairs were AWESOME! Very plush cushions, really comfy! (But beware that the frames are wrought iron so they get VERY hot in the desert sun!) I think there were several umbrellas around, although we were there to get a tan so we didn't really look for one. There is a snack bar near the adult pool where you can get food and drinks, which was great. The only thing that would've made it a better pool experience would be a swim-up bar. The location of the resort is not bad. We were about 4 blocks from the strip. The only bummer is that not only are you off the strip, but when you get there you are almost at the end. It would've been nicer to be more in the middle of the strip. But it is nice that there is a free shuttle to Harrah's. Unfortunately, it doesn't run very late. But that was definitely nice to use during the day. Overall I had a very pleasant stay at this resort. There were a LOT of families there. This timeshare definitely caters to big families with lots of kids. But it's such a big place it didn't really bother me. Only one time there were some obnoxious kids playing in the elevator. Oh, my only other complaint is that the wi-fi access which we had to pay for did not work in our room. We had to go to the internet room to get online. But otherwise we had a great time. I think if I was paying for it, though, I would not stay here again. I would prefer a more central location with fewer kids. But this is definitely a nice resort.	
Sep 6 2007 	Very impressive stay	I booked this place via ebay auction. Check in was fast using the VIP check in desk (I was no VIP but since there were nobody there...). Lobby is large and tastefully decorated. There is a small section used for selling tours and shows which is not too helpful. Brochures are a bit outdated therefore not reliable as far as good deals (you can get a better deal at the booth on Las Vegas Blvd with 2for1 deal). This resort has programs everyday for adults/children (arcade/wii, tie dye T-shirt, kids pizza nights,...) but we didn't participate. It also has computer rooms with laptop hook up to check emails and print boarding passes since the Internet connection from the room is NOT free, we used the computer rooms quite often.Our room(s) has a 3 bedroom, located in the 8th floor of the third tower, having views of the MGM hotel and some others, giving us quite a nice view of Vegas and away from the crowd and noises. We had a master bedroom with private bath/jacuzzi and the other 2 bedrooms share another bathroom. There is another are with sink and mirror for those who want to take all day working on their hairstyles/make up... Kitchen is just like at home with pots/pans and utensils. Laudry room with stackup washer and dryer. Soap/dishwashing liquid/laundry detergent were provided. Rooms are freshly clean and nicely decorated. You just CANNOT find anything to complain about...There is parking avail all around and we took advantage of the parking garage to spare our cars from the 112 degree temp. Pools are nice but we didn't have a chance to dip our fingers in. Didn't use the exercise rooms or restaurant either. But next time, we will be taking a longer vacation and enjoy the amenities to the max. We definitely will come back and highly recommend this place. Oh, the service desk was willing to print your boarding pass as the computer room is closed at 11PM. I found it extremely helpful as we used Southwest, we didn't want to checkin late and boarded the plane with the group C passengers!!!	
Sep 5 2007 	Excellent Resort but where is the bar?	I stayed at the Grand Desert for a week and I can see why it is rated so highly - situated just off the strip, with a shuttle that provides a free connection to Harrah's (and it does run after 10:00 p.m, contrary to other reviewer's reports), the resort provides welcome respite from the usual Vegas excesses. I stayed in a 2 bed suite on floor 11, with a view over the pool area - the main bedroom had one of the most comfortable beds that I have ever slept in and a large whirlpool bath, as well as a walk-in shower. In common with most timeshare resorts, the apartment came with all the usual conveniences - second bathroom, washer/dryer, full kitchen - and there was plenty of room for 4 adults and two kids.The pool area is excellent, with an adults and kids pool, plenty of shade from the hot desert sun and the most comfortable sun beds that I have ever seen, without having to pay a premium for their use. The concierge was extremely helpful and efficient, booking all our trips and shows with minimal fuss - you can trust their advice.The only drawbacks - there is no bar and only a small snackbar on site (the food was good and well priced for Vegas), although the resort runs a wine and cheese party for free once a week. Some guests were hassled by timeshare salesman (and there is obviously a big sales drive going on), but we were not even approached - could be because we are UK visitors, or maybe we didn't fit their profile, but it was a relief that we weren't approached (you will be pounced on in just about every other resort hotel on the Strip).Would I stay there again? I think that I would - it suited us to be away from the 24x7 buzz that permeates every resort hotel on the strip, although I can see that others would visit Vegas specifically for that. And if you have to bring kids to Vegas, this is probably a better bet than a resort hotel on the Strip.	
Sep 1 2007 	Nice off Strip property	The Grand Desert Resort is a nice complex just 1 long block off the strip. My family was able to walk to the Hard Rock and MGM Grand. We had a 2 bdrm. with full kitchen and 2 baths. This resort is not as luxurious as some of the places we've stayed (ie.Cabo,Hawaii)no flat panel TV's, no marble counter tops. But when in Vegas you don't spend much time in your room. Overall the property is well maintained and fairly new(5yrs appx). We didn't use the shuttle because it stops running at 10pm and who goes home at 10pm in Vegas!!	
Aug 27 2007 	Very Nice Stay	Stayed here from Aug 21st to Aug 25th. For the price we paid, I thought this hotel was a great value. It is located about 3 blocks south of Planet Hollywood, but with the free shuttle to Harrah's, you rarely need to be outside in the scorching sun. The property was very clean and the unit we had (1 bedroom) was a lot bigger then a typical hotel. I liked the kitchen, as we had breakfast a few times throughout the trip. My only drawback would probably have been the bathroom, as we found a few towels to be unclean, but other than that, we were very happy with the property.I would definitley recommend this place to anyone and would consider staying here again.	
Aug 25 2007	nice hotel but...	We stayed at the grand desert in April it was a very nice hotel. The rooms were clean. The only thing I missed were fresh towels. So I washed what they gave us it was very nice to have a laudry machine in the room. Pool area was very nice chairs were very comfy. We were there for the sales pitch and promised free tickets to a show which we did receive. We were also told we would get another free stay. Never did get that. The salesperson we had was extremely high pressure and rude. Liked that the bus went to harrah's every half hour and that we weren't right on the strip. The people at the desk could take some courtesy classes. If your trying to sell something a good first impression helps. I would probably stay there again but not ever consider purchasing.	
Aug 6 2007	Amazing Resort	We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Wyndham Grand Desert with our 2 children who are 19 and 21. My husband and I have been to Vegas many times and stayed at all the top hotels. We weren't sure what to expect being off the strip in a non casino hotel. It was PERFECT ! We had a 2 bedroom suite that overlooked the pool. Our room was gorgeous and comfortable. We were on the 11th floor in Tower 1 and would recommend either Tower 1 or 2 for convenience. The shuttle to Harrah's was perfect and gave us quick access to the strip. We will definetly go back and stay at this resort again !!Dale and RobTennessee	
Aug 5 2007 	Very nice with a few flaws	We stayed at the Wyndam for five days in a 2 bedroom deluxe the last week in July.Overall, the experience was good. The suite was a decent size. master bedroom had a comfy king bed with a jacuzzi and shower in the master bath. The other bedroom had 2 double beds with a nice sized bathroom with walk-in shower. Well equipped kitchen had a full sized fridge, stove, microwave dishwasher, coffee maker, blender and plenty of cups, glasses, dishes and silverware. We never cooked in the room so I can't comment on the cookware,The lobby was large and there were plenty of places to sit. There is no valet parking, and at night spots can be hard to find without a good walk. Our bellman not only brought in the bags, but he turned on the ice maker in the freezer and went downstairs to get us some maps and coupons.There was good reception on the televisions with a nice selection on channels for kids. Air conditioning in the room was good but a little noisy. Also there were only two options, really cold or off.. Although there was a thermostat, it turned the air conditioning on when you set it at 68 and turned in off at 70 , so you if you liked to keep the room at 71, you couldn't. 68 was a little cool for our tastes.Rooms were quiet - you couldn't hear noise from adjoining rooms or hallways. We were told we'd have a view, and we did- of the parking lot.The pool area was extraordinary. Nice padded lounge chairs and tables with umbrellas gave you choice of shade or sun. The big issue was the pool water was cold - despite the 112 degree weather. There was one pool for families and one for adults only. A nice idea, but the staff did not enforce the &quot;over 18&quot; rule in the adult pool. There was a cute little cafe/deli by the adult pool where you could get breakfast or lunch and the food was pretty good. We ordered lunch there twice. Prices were reasonable and they had something for everyone from burgers to salads.We were never badgered to take the timeshare tour. We decided to have a look, and the salesperson was very nice and low pressure. We were never pressured to buy and were treated respectfully as were my in-laws. My father in law wanted time to think about upgrading his membership and he was allowed to meet with the sales person again the next day. Her name was Rita and she was great. If we weren't turned off by the maintenance issues we would have bought. For our time, we were given three free buffet coupons at the Rio and two half off coupons for Harrah's buffet. It was well worth the 45 minute investment to eat at the two best buffets in Vegas.The staff at the desk were helpful and offered us coupons for free buffets at Terrible's hotel and casino. It wasn't worth going there even for free. The name says it all.Now on to our complaints. The toilet in the guest bedroom ran and, despite their &quot;twenty minute guarantee&quot; it was never fixed in five days. No maid service unless you wanted to pay extra (but there was a washer and dryer in the master bath) so you could wash your towels yourself .On one evening, we were coming back from a casino and the place was overrun with teenagers. There was a whole Taco Bell &quot;chalupa&quot; thrown on the floor near the elevators.The next morning, my husband and son went to the pool for an early swim. There were no clean towels, all the dirty towels from the previous day were still in the bin and the pool was filthy. For my nine year old to call it disgusting says it all. When we mentioned the maintenance and cleanliness concerns to the staff they told us they were having housekeeping &quot;issues&quot; and gave us an apology.We probably would not stay there again if we had to pay the going rate of $180/night. But considering we stayed for free (my in-laws are Wyndham owners) it was well worth the price.	
Aug 1 2007 	Wonderful stay at the Grand Desert!	My husband and I just returned from a great time in Las Vegas and stayed at the Wyndham Grand Desert. Our plane arrived early and we went to the hotel around 11, we were told to come back at 1:30 and our room would be ready. While we waited we went to the pool and had lunch at their grill. Our room was great, 1 bedroom with a kitchen, living room, and whirlpool tub. It was very clean and overlooked the strip.The staff was friendly and would answer any questions you had.What i loved- they have a free computer room to use the internet. there are about 6 computers that are available all day to sign in and use. this was very helpful!I read another review where they said the staff was pushy if you were not a time share member. At check-in they sent us to see a woman and get our &quot;welcome packet&quot; At that time, she asked if we would be interested in participating in one of their &quot;surveys&quot; (having stayed at a timeshare before I knew what she meant) We said no, since we had not even checked in our room yet. Once we said NO- she was completely rude to us. Her attitude changed so quickly I couldn't believe it. Other than this lady and her rude tone, everyone else was very nice!Take the shuttle! We used the shuttle back and forth from harrahs everyday- very nice. We did walk one time from the strip to the hotel, it wasn't awful but we were tired when we got back from walking the whole strip and then walking home. The shuttle stops around midnight- so you may want to take a taxi back to the hotel if after this time.The pool was great during the day since it is so hot! We enjoyed sitting out there. It does get crowded and there are not enough chairs, arriving early between 10 and 11 we had no problem getting a chair at the adult pool and had a great time.	
Jul 22 2007	Highly Recommended for Off Strip People Like Me	Just spent the weekend there, 6th thru the 9th in a one BR. It was our first stay off the strip and we were very pleased. Very large comfortable rooms with all the amenities, including a very well equiped kitchen. HUGE bath areas, one with hot-tub and sink, the other with huge shower and sink. Separate areas with doors separating them for privacy.Noone approached us about a sales tour, HOWEVER --- after I checked us in I was directed to the desk opposite the check-in area to get my parking permit. At this desk a salesman (obvious from slick appearance and speech) made offers of free tickets, cash, etc. and pressed sales material on me that I had no interest in. I smiled and declined, took the parking permit, no problem. I'm told that if I'd taken any of the offers I would've been badgered the whole time as I saw some folks getting hit on.Will stay there again---great bang for the buck, close to the strip, straight shot downtown (Paradise or Maryland streets) and close to groceries, off-strip casinos and restaurants (go east on Harmon street to Maryland).FYI, I found the best rate on Ebay from a gent I'd highly recommend. No snags, all up and up. His name/email is William Spearman [--]. One of the good guys.Enjoy !	
Jul 20 2007 	great room	This timeshare resort offers large suites which were a welcome change for a family enduring cramped motel rooms on a two-week trip through the southwest.The resort is located about four blocks from the strip and offers a shuttle to Harrah's, about a mile away, about every half hour.Our room had two bedrooms, a living area and large kitchen dining area, probably about 900 square feet. There is also an in-room laundry.There were a few minor problems in our room (broken toilet handle, broken sink stopper and shower handle) but the sfaff quickly fixed the problems.A good base for a stay in Vegas, but internet access is not free.	
Jul 19 2007 	Expected More	We really thought the property was nice. Nice pools, nice lobby, nice work out rooms. It's just our room that wasn't so nice.We stayed in a one bedroom facing the strip.When we first arrived, the bathroom sink was clogged and drained very slowly.That was the first time maintenance had to come to our room.Then while doing laundry we noticed that the dryer was making a very loud noise when we were drying our clothes. There was also a mysterious puddle of water coming from under the washer.We had maintenance come a 2nd time to fix those problems.They only fixed the dryer and not the puddle. The puddle we dried up with towels but made a mess on the floor. We've only been there two days now.The closet doors for the laundry area and in the bedroom weren't on track.When we called for them to fix the water problem (for the 2nd time) they also fixed the closet door that contained the laundry.So it was nice to have everything fixed.Then we realized that there was no strainer. So we had to call down for that. Housekeeping brought that up.Next was the ice maker. It didn't work and made funky noises. They fixed that pretty fast.There are two TV's in the condo. One in the bedroom and one in the living room. The TV in the living room didn't have cable. Well it did but someone turned off that feature. I finally figured out how to turn it back on the day before we left.We paid for the &quot;wireless internet&quot; that was supposed to work in the room. It didn't. They only place it worked well was the pool and hotel lobby area. FYI, they provide 2 or 3 free computer rooms which is what I would've opted for if I knew the wifi wasn't going to work in our room. I talked with another guest who was facing the pool, and he said it wouldn't work for him either in his room.On the 3rd or 4th day, we attempted to do the dishes. Only to find out that the water supply had been turned off (probably when they were trying to fix the puddle under the washing machine).We had maintenance up for that.And to top it off, the last night of our stay, we really just wanted to be by ourselves and enjoy our dinner that we cooked when we realized the frig sure isn't very cold. Our food was going bad in there because it apparently hadn't been working all day.Once again we had the maintenance guys in our condo. They were in there for over an hour (both really nice guys but...).They had to bring us a new refrigerator! We had to throw away some food.All in all, we sure got to know the maintenance guys really well.It's just when you pay good money to go to a nice place, we just wanted some peace, quiet, and privacy. It's tough to feel at home when you have sweaty (but nice) maintenance guys in your room.Other than that stuff, we enjoyed our stay. The small deli is reasonably priced and has excellent food. It's nice that this place isn't a casino but one thing that grew to be annoying was all of the time share presentations. We're hanging out by the pool and every 30min - hour you'll see a salesman bringing a couple all around the pool area. I understand that they have to sell the units but it was a bit of an invasion of privacy when you're just trying to relax by the pool.When we checked out we expressed some of our disappointment but felt as if the check out lady didn't care. If I was the manager there, and I had some guests that needed maintenance in there 5 times (during a 7 day stay), I would've personally apologized. We got no kind of apology or recognition of our troubles, what so ever. We probably won't be staying here again.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great with small kids	My family stayed here for one week in April and loved every minute of our stay. We had a two bedroom with full kitchen and loved it. My 8 and 4 year old had a TV in their room, one in the living room, and there was one in our room. That was very nice for the small amount of down time we spent in our room. Our master bath was great, stand up shower plus a seperate jacuzzi tub. The kitchen was nice and lacked nothing. The pool and exercise room were very nice. Even though we were not on the strip we walked to the strip each day and it was not that bad even with two small children. We would normally take a taxi of the shuttle provided back. Overall the stay was great, would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 2 2007	The Wyndham has done it again	We are Fairfield points owners and went to celebrate our 2nd year annivesary there. We LOVED the Wyndham. The property was new looking and everything was spotless. There are multiple pools and hot tubs located all over the resort. There are daily activities schedule some were free and others you had to pay. We enjoyed evey minute of our stay. The hotel is within walking distance to the strip if you are in good shape. It is about 3 blocks away. But you will still need a car because the strip is soooo long that there is no way possible you can walk the entire There is no breakfast in the moring only some type of watered down juice. There is also free movie rentals and a game room to keep the kids occupied. This property gets a thumbs up from me and my husband.	
Jun 26 2007 	Loved the Wyndham Grand Desert	Truth be told I am very, very selective with the hotels I choose for our family vacations. I am glad to share with you that this resort more than exceeded my expectations. If you are looking for a family-friendly resort in Las Vegas and don't mind being a block behind the Strip, this resort is wonderful. Make sure to ask for a room in building 1 or 2 with a courtyard view. Building 3 is a little removed from the other buildings. Buildings 1 and 2 form a hexagon shape with the pools in the middle and building 3 has a parking lot between the other two. Also, odd number rooms in building 1 face the courtyard and the even #'s face out into the parking lot and an apartment complex. If you get a room in building 1, any rooms over #43 (ex. 445,545,645, the first number represents the floor level) will face the side wall of building 2.The grounds are kept immaculate. Daily Housekeeping is not included in your rental rate and does cost extra if you require it. The pools were very nice and furnished with iron lounges with extra thick pads, and patio sets (with umbrellas). I especially liked the 11:00 closing time, which my kids took advantage of several times. I had a room on the fourth floor facing the pool and never heard the pool noise. I rented a car so going back and forth to the Strip was never an issue. The resort does offer shuttle service to the Strip until 10:00.If you are wondering if the sofa couches are comfortable, they aren't. Bring an air mattress.I booked this resort through Orbitz which offered a lower rate then the resort's online reservation system. We will definitely be back!	
Jun 20 2007 	Guests Beware!	The rooms we were given were not adequate - don't expect to use the sofa bed which was so old and uncomfortable. Very little hot water inthe shower, also.Worst part: The persistence of the sales staff to sell you timeshares. Even if you are owners, they try to get you to give them names of friends. Gave up two hours of our precious vacation time and in the end gave in to their hard sell tactics. Our vacation was ruined just because they wouldn't accept a simple No Thank You. Beware of their offer for &quot;free gifts&quot; or free buffet vouchers.	
Jun 12 2007	great timeshare exchange	one bedroom -full kitchen-living room was excellent. Staff very attentive. numerous activities available. It is a few blocks from the strip. We rented a car so we could come and go as wwe pleased.It was easy to get around. would recommend it to families &amp; couples. they have 2 beautiful pools and several hottubs.	
Jun 11 2007 	Wyndham Grand Desert--nice quiet and off the strip	I was in vegas for a convention at the hilton plus some business off the strip. Rooms at hilton were sold out for some of the nights so I got creative and found this timeshare. I knew that I was giving up excitement and glitter of the strip but I go to vegas all the time so getting off the beaten path was ok. I got a rental car and the hotel was easy to find and close to airport. In fact I could see the airport from my room. The first night I checked in I was in tower 3 which is newest tower--there were some &quot;stains&quot; on the sofa that really bothered me so I asked to move to another room. I was told that tower one had been renovated so I moved there. Big mistake--this area is heavily traveled and the lobby is worn and dated. The rooms had new linens and carpet but the decor was dated. I had to beg to go back to tower 3 and they charged me a 100 cleaning fee!! (although I did not use the room??) Not fair but what was I to do if I wanted to move back?I will say that tower one had a phenomenal work out center--large,clean and lots of nice equipment. The sauna was out of order though and the gift shop and cafe was closed at 8 pm--sign said they closed at 10 pm but doors were locked and lights were out. Back to tower 3--the master bedroom offered a glimpse of Mandalay bay and MGM hotels and overlooked apartments on Koval street. The bed was comfortable but the linens were just ok--nothing to write home about ;). There was a TV, large closet and safe in the master bedroom. The second bedroom, with two twin beds, gave a closer view of the apartment tops and the airport. The 2nd bath was just outside the door to the smaller bedroom and had a tub/shower combo. The master bath had a jacuzzi, toilet with a door for privacy and tiled shower. (The last day that I was there, I discovered a stack washer/ dryer and two packages of Tide detergent behind a door that I hadn't noticed). There were ample towels, toilet tissue and kleenex in both baths. I rented a 2 bedroom/2bath condo, btw. There were some hotel size amenities. I was also given a bag of samples when I went to concierge to pick up a parking pass---nice brands like olay, eucerin and dial soap. The full size kitchen was EXCELLENT. Fully stocked to cook full meals and very clean. Stove, oven, microwave, garbage disposal, etc. All utensils, glasses, bowls--I never looked for anything that I did not find. The living room had a large screen TV. Some of the lamps in the rooms did not work but I did not complain--just moved to lights that worked. There is internet but you have to pay for it. There is a business Center in Tower 3 but it does not open until 10 am. The business center in tower 2 opens earlier but I never visited it. I had a rental car so came and went as I pleased--sometimes the parking lot was full especially late at night. There was usually security present and you have to use a room key in tower 3 for elevator, pool, work-out, etc so I felt safe. It was easy, central location and I felt close to everything--(not for walking but for driving.) I really enjoyed my stay at the grand desert and after the initial &quot;bump&quot; when I checked in, do not have any complaints. Although I was close to the airport, I did not hear any noise from the planes. I was going to take pictures but my camara was confiscated at the Celine Dion show and I did not retrieve until I checked out. (don't take camaras to shows in vegas--they will be taken, tagged and returned after show). The line to retrieve after the show was unbelievably long so I went back later.Feel free to email if you have questions about this resort or vegas. Safe travels.	
Jun 8 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	My best-friend , her sister and her best-friend here for 3 nights the stay was wonderful staff was friendly no complaints at all shuttle bus drops you off at the Harrah hotel on the strip somedays we even walked back (a short distance) but overall the stay was great :)	
May 22 2007 	What a great place to stay in Las Vegas.	This is a great place to stay in LV. Its situated just behind the strip and with the complimentory bus, its just a short ride to Harrahs and access to the strip. We were placed in the new block on the 8th floor, the appartment was spacious and extremely clean. The whole place is lovelly, the pool areas, gym etc could'nt want for anything more...just go you won't regret it..	
May 15 2007 	Great place to stay	We stayed at Grand Desert from May 6th to the 12th and we loved this place. Not only was it quiet and not crowded we were not bothered by their sales pitch after telling them that we were not interested. We had a two bedroom suite and it was clean and large and the four of us had no trouble getting privacy when we wanted it. The TV's could use some updating but then again we were'nt there to watch TV so it was not a factor to our comfort. We loved the adult only pool and even though there were chairs with towels on it all day we never had trouble finding empty ones. We also enjoyed the hot tub and the fact that you can use it and the pool 24 hours a day. It was great to be away from the noise of the strip and it felt like home when we walked into the hotel. Yes it is a good walk from the strip but the excercise kept us from gaining any weight after eating many great meals. Our room overlooked the pool and courtyard and the only thing we said that would have made it perfect was if it a balcony to have our morning coffee on while gazing into the pool.	
Apr 23 2007 	Nice but Stop Trying to Sell Me Things	We stayed at the Grand Desert by my RCI exchange that was given to us for a week there. We stayed in a one bedroom suite that was on 14th floor that overlooked the strip. The good:The property was modern and was easy to get to by car from the airport. The hotel is located on Harmon Ave between the Planet Hollywood (formerly the Alladdin) and the HArd Rock. The property was modern and the amenties were new. The suite had one king sized bed and a pull out couch. There are two TVs, a DVD player, and stereo. The rooms have a refrigerator with ice maker, stove, oven, microwave, and utensils. One thing I would like is a toaster.Each room has a stackable washer/dryer which allows you to go home with clean clothes. (they provide Tide for two loads)The Bad:The walls are paper thin and you can hear everything that goes on in the hotel. We could hear the crying baby next door, the maid vacuuming at 8am upstairs, conversations in the hallway and people walking upstairs. These rooms are worse than the apartment that I live in.The times I went to use the pools they were full of kids and even the adult pool was or they were full of trash. The computer were full or broken all the time due to the fact there were only four and one was broken. The times that I got the computers were slow and constantly had hardcore porn popups on the screen which were disturbing.Everyday the people were trying to sell us a timeshare at the property. This started at check in when they give you get your welcome packet. We politely said no and thought that would be the end of it. We then got calls every other morning asking when we were going to make our appointment. Other times they said we needed to fill out a for RCI which actually was only to get down there to try to sell us a timeshare.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Place	Great place to have a getaway. We spent 3 days there and had a terrific time. It's a bit of a walk to the strip, but we needed the exercise + there's a free shuttle to Harrah's. Loved the pools and hot tubs. We'll stay there again.	
Apr 16 2007	Nice suite Nice pool No-Casino Thumbs up!	We have children under 10 and were looking for a spot in Las Vegas where we could relax that was not a casino. This was a great choice 2 blocks from the strip. The suite was nicely big and the mini kitchen and in-suite laundry were great amenties for us. We liked the swimming pools and hot tubs. Got a good deal via a web reservation (~$120). I thought there might be pressure to buy a timeshare but it was never mentioned and the service was fine in general. We only stayed one night but wanted more. Recommended.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great off-strip find!	HIGHLIGHTS: 24-hour check-in even for RCI or timeshareowners, most buildings recently remodeled, luxury bedding, including pillowtop mattress (all white), bathroom seperate from whirlpool jacuzzi tub and vainity area, two or more TVs per unit, DVD/VCR in unit, washer/dryer combo in unit, seperate pool for kids and families, accessible self-parking.AREAS FOR IMPROVEMENT: staff are courteous but slow, concierge is staffed mainly by college-aged persons with little knowledge of customer service, the wi-fi is unpredictable at best and the common computing area is not staffed - kids tend to stay on computers too long/break them, lots of 18 - 25yr. olds loiter in the lobby between 10:00pm - 3:00am waiting for limos or heading out to the clubs meaning it is always congested and noisy at these times.OVERALL: We were seeking something through RCI and didn't care about our proximity to the strip. This is a great resort to meet those needs. We planned a full range of parks, museums, and strip activities to keep us busy so we did not take part in the resort-offered trips or the sales pitch session for timeshare owners, and they were cool with this. A family-friendly resort there is a pretty hotel-type attitude around the premises. The shuttle runs to and from Harrahs, which we took once. Line up early for this though, the shuttle is usually limited to 20 people per tirp and riders get pushy. Wi-Fi is only $30.00, but you get what you pay for, if it doesn't work in one area of your unit try another area.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great Place to Stay	I just returned from a four night stay at the Fairfield (Now Westin) Grand Desert. My parents own a time-share, so that is how we came about staying there. I traveled with 3 girlfriends. Our age range varies from 24-31, but we all love to sunbathe and party. The resort is beautiful. The pools are incredible and have the best pool chairs I've ever laid in--super comfy. There are two pools--one family pool and one adult only pool. The adult pool gets the later afternoon sun. There are also 2 hot tubs. We had a one-bedroom suite which provided plenty of space for 4 girls and lots of luggage. Between the king sized bed and the pull-out, there is plenty of space for sleeping. The full kitchen is great--we didn't cook, but we did have snacks and beverages in the kitchen--it was also nice to bring home leftover dinners and reheat for lunch the next day. Our room had two TVs, DVD player, and a stereo...also a jetted tub. The strip is walkable--it's about 3/4 of a mile and a very safe walk. There's also a free shuttle that goes to Harrah's most of the time...otherwise, it's about a $10 cab ride away. The Fairfield is very close to the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino which seemed to cater to a younger crowd--we loved it the most. The food at the Pink Taco in the Hard Rock is awesome. We also had great Italian at a restaurant in New York, New York and fabulous (but very pricey) Asian at Tao in the Venetian. The Jubilee show at Bally's was phenomenal. Also in walking distance is a little shopping strip that includes a Mexican restaurant, bar/grille, Starbucks, and Johnny Rockets. There's also a CVS and liquor store in walking distance. We would definitely return to the Fairfield.	
Mar 27 2007 	Classy Resort	We are timeshare owners with Fairfield and have been to many resorts throughout the country. We have to say that this resort has to be if not the best, but one of the better resort we have stayed at. Fairfield resorts are classy resorts!! It is not on the &quot;Strip&quot; however it is within walking distance - if one wouldn't mind a good walk. They do have a shuttle that takes you to Harrahs' and it is a continuous shuttle throughout the day and night. The pools are absolutely beautiful (two).	
Mar 24 2007 	Great Place to Stay	We just got back after staying at the grand Desert Resort for a week. We had absolutely no complaints. The personnel working there were extremely nice and very helpful. They let us check in early and it took only about 15 minutes. They also gave us a parking pass very early in the morning so we could park there since we actually got to Vegas a night ealier and stayed in a motel. The suite (two bedroom) was huge and had all the amenities you could ask for. It was very clean and looked new (very well kept up). The fitness room had very modern equipment and was also well maintained. The location is perfect. We walked down to the strip a couple of times a day, and it was nice to come back and get away from the noise of Vegas. The walk to the Hard Rock cafe/casino is even shorter. There are also several bars/restaurants in that direction. The pools are exceptional. Again, we had no complaints...nothing but good to say about this place. We hope to get back there again soon.	
Mar 21 2007 	Beautiful Property	We traded a week through RCI to stay at the Grand Desert Feb 25-Mar 4,2007. We were not disappointed, it is a beautiful property. The site is clean and well maintained. We stayed in a two-bedroom unit with a king bed and two double beds. My nephew slept on the sleeper sofa in the LR. The unit was clean but had an odor that air freshener could not get rid of. That was our only problem with the unit. We did not get to enjoy the amenities as we were too busy on the Strip with day trips to the Dam and Grand Canyon. The free shuttle was very convenient, you could walk to the strip but it was nice to have the shuttle as an option. This resort does not have a casino and for non-gamblers it was appreciated. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We also ate at the deli at the resort. The resort also had a small store that proved very convenient. You also could have pizza delivered to your room and the resort scheduled trips to the grocery store if you wanted to eat in some nights. We would definitely stay here again. Remember, it is a timeshare property and they may try to sell you, but they are not too aggressive.	
Feb 24 2007 	Great-not perfect-place to stay	This is a terrific place to stay to see Las Vegas. It is just off the strip, behind the MGM Grand/Planet Hollywood and near the monorail (MGM Grand station) and has very nice large rooms. The staff was helpful, the pools nice, good business center and there was amply parking. My wife and I enjoyed coming back to relax every evening.Things I'd like to see them improve: the furniture could be more comfortable and felt cheap, 2 closets were difficult to open/not working properly....and that is really about it. Overall, I really like this place, will definately stay there again and basically think that for the price it may be the best place to stay in Vegas, but I hope the Wyndam take-over results in new furniture and some increased maintenance.Quick note on planning a trip to Vegas....we easily pulled off day trips to Zion NP, Death Valley NP in addition to the standards of Hoover Dam and Red Rock Canyon. Zion and Death Valley were both 2-3 hr drive from the hotel.	
Feb 22 2007	Really liked it !!	We did an exchange with RCI and did a week at this wonderful resort. Couldn't fault it. Anyone going to Vegas has to do the Grand Canyon,plane-heli-water raft ride and BBQ with the native Americans it was the best thing (beside Shopping) that we did!!	
Feb 18 2007 	Great Resort!	I stayed at the Grand Desert for a week in August with my boyfriend and 2 friends. This resort is in a great location, only a five minute walk to the strip or $7 cab ride. We had a 2bd deluxe room, and it was beautiful. We had a room on the 13th floor with a view of the strip. Check-in was quick and easy (even at a late arrival time of after midnight). The Shuttle to Harrah's was great - and free!. We also signed up for the trip to a local supermarket, which was great, because we were able to stock our full size kitchen for the week which saved us money at restaurants. Unfortunetly, I got a terrible flu 3 days into our trip, and was in bed for the remainder. However, the convenience store near the pool was greatly stocked - it had all the things I needed, without my boyfriend having to go to the strip to a Walgreens or CVS. The concierge were also great. When I got sick, they helped my boyfriend and friends rearrange our plans to see a Cirque show, and even got us a discounted rate to see &quot;LOVE&quot; (which was great!) when we had to reschedule. Also, after check-out we were able to store our bags in a luggage hold, and use the facilities for the remainder of the day, as our flight was not until 8pm. I def. recommend this resort, and won' t hesitate to return the next time we go to Vegas. We used my brothers time-share to book this trip, but I checked the rates, and it's very affordable for such large accomidations in vegas - and no gambling on premises which was great - because we had enough of that on the strip!	
Jan 31 2007 	quiteness	We stayed in a one bedroom unit and there were four adults. The condo was very clean with nice ammenities. Our toilet handle broke one evening and someone came and fixed it while we were out for the day, absolutely professional and a note was left that it was done and if there was any other problem to give them a call. Our safe did break and they tried to fix it but that did not happen. We had no problem with that though. We already lost our money on the &quot;STRIP&quot;. We had a car but used the shuttle most of the time which was very efficient. The drivers were all excellent and very friendly. If we were to come here again I don't even think we would get a car, it wasn't necessary. All in all it is a beautiful resort and everyone was very professional and friendly.	
Jan 29 2007 	Great value ! would go again	stay for 1 week during first week of january. Pools were heated even if i was really cold outside. Only thing bad about resort is you can hear people next door as if they were in same room. Also, we are not walker so too far from the strip. Will defenetly stay there again next time. Loved the spacious unit compare to small hotel room.Paid $650 for 1 week during CES (convntion week) and was totally worth it	
Jan 18 2007	Nice place to stay.	Stayed for 1 week during December thru an RCI exchange. The hotel was excellent. There were 6 of us and we stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. It is around 2 blocks from the strip and it was our first time to stay in an off strip hotel but since we just drove to Vegas from California, we didn't have any problems with the transportion. We drove everywhere. In fact, this is the first time that we have been to so many other places other than the strip. The wifi was okay although as other reviewers said, it isn't free. I couldn't really find any fault with the unit. Everything was just great. One night the lights in the bathroom went out. We called housekeeping and within 5 minutes, somebody went to our room to fix the problem..and this was @ 3 am.Overall, this is a great and affordable accomodation in vegas and we would consider staying here on our next trip.	
Jan 9 2007 	High class hotel resort shuttle service great staff helpful...	The staff was so helpful. A note in the room says they want their guests to have an excellent stay and want them to call them for anything and we did. They helped us in every way... From the heating (since it was a cold December), to extra blankets and pillows, and even gave us other extras. The whole property is wonderful, the spa and pool was great. Take advantage of the activities (by checking their calender), they had kids happy hour in their games room. Having a full kitchen saved us a lot of money, since we had 8 in our party. We stayed in a two bedroom condo unit, which is big enough for 8. The rooms are big, and the washrooms are nice, especially the master bedroom. We even had a large terrance.Their shuttle bus runs approx. every 30 minutes, sometimes better since they have 2 buses running. Ask the front desk for other services, as they also arrange for transportation to downtown on specific days and certain hours.I can go on and on, as to how great our stay was here... but I will let the other reviews do that for me...If you want a great deal in this resort, look at eBay...	
Dec 29 2006 	Great place to stay	Great resort, near to about everything in Vegas .... One little drawback though - They charge you for Wireless Internet access! Hopefully this will change ... Get a room on the south side of tower 3 if available, good view of McCarran Airport! ( The planes tend to wake you up at about 5 AM though!)	
Dec 21 2006 	A+++	Ok hears the deal i wanted to go the the 06 CES in veges but all the hotels were booked or $400 night then i found this place i got a 2 bedroom suit and it was wonderful couldent ask for more the staff was nice and helpfull and the bus drivers that take you from the hotel to the strip were nice as well and on more than once drove the entier bus to the strip just for me. In fact i am staying there agan this january.	
Nov 30 2006 	Great place to stay	We stayed at the resort at the end of June 2006. There were six people in our party including three children. The room was VERY clean and modern. Everything was in working order and there was no &quot;ick&quot; factor (dingy toilets, stuff on walls, etc....). The front desk was very helpful with general info. questions. The pool was alot of fun. It is only two blocks off the strip so it was very convenient. Overall, it was very nice and we would stay there again.	
Nov 10 2006	Really enjoyed the pools!	Stayed in Fairfield Grand Desert for 2 nites during early November. At check-in, requested Tower 3 (as suggested by some previous reviews) but was given Tower 2 instead (no availability in Tower 3). Got a 2-bedroom non-smoking unit facing the pool. Very happy with the location of the unit as well as the unit itself. Clean and comfy. The friend I travelled with has germ-phobia, but I didn't hear any complaint from her at all. The grounds are clean and well-kept as well. What we enjoyed the most were the 24-hour pools. My son and I pretty much got the adult pool (heated to a comfortable temperature) all to ourselves in the middle of the night. I really liked the fact that the water is no more than 4 feet deep, so I didn't have to worry about anything at all for a non-swimmer like myself. We also enjoyed the several small jetted pools. Towels were readily available. My only complaint would be the parking situation. It was difficult (but not impossible) to find a parking space near the elevator, and the parking space was just way too small. I also wish there were a casino on site (even a small one). Overall, I am satisfied with my stay there and will definitely stay in the future.	
Nov 5 2006 	Fairfield Grand Desert resort is great!	Two of us stayed at the Fairfield Desert Resort in Las Vegas for 3 nights in Nov, 2006. From check-in to checkout we encountered only friendly and helpful staff at all levels. This is a timeshare resort, so you will be contacted for a presentation. We declined the offer and were not asked again. We stayed in a one bedroom in non smoking tower 3. Condo is equipped with a fridge, microwave, small stove, small dishwasher, coffee pot, toaster and more. Comfortable bed, very clean, quiet and all appliances worked just fine. We are not gamblers, so we did not care that we were several blocks off the strip in a non-casino resort. We would stay here again and highly recommend the place.	
Oct 27 2006 	Very nice place!!!	The Fairfield Grand is a very short walk to the strip, but that was ok. A little exercise never hurt anyone. It was great to stay at a quiet place after spending the evenings on the strip. The resort was very clean. And the staff were very helpful. We stayed in a one bedroom unit with a jacuzzi overlooking the pool. We definitely will stay at the Fairfield Grand when we go back to Vegas.	
Oct 20 2006 	loved fairfield	After reading the reviews, didn't know what to expect. For everyone complaining that it's a long walk from the strip, you need to get out an exercise. The walk from the hotel to Alladin was 5 minutes. Less than five minutes to the Hard rock. About 10 minutes to the MGM. If you don't like to walk then Vegas is not for you. The shuttle was also very prompt. The hotel is beautiful. Stayed in a 2 bdrm overlooking the pools. Huge accomodations. Pools and hot tubs open 24 hours, clean warm and peaceful. I've been to Vegas over 20 times, stayed at the best resorts on the strip and off of the strip. I will never stay anywhere else other than the FAIRFIELD GRAND DESERT.	
Oct 16 2006 	Nice place terrible WIFI.	Stayed at FGC for business/pleasure trip. Room was very nice and well decorated. Grounds were well kept and the staff was helpful/friendly. It is however, a bit of a hike to the strip...and the area is somewhat sketchy. In a couple of years this won't be a problem. FGC is in the middle of a few high end condo/hotel/casino projects. For the time being though, it is somewhat isolated. Only complaint is with the WIFI. You pay about $30 per week for access and it is LOUSY, LOUSY, LOUSY. It is impossible to do any work that requires a legimate, high speed connection. I complained to the staff and they admitted that it was a common problem. Fairfield needs to take action to correct this deficiency. It creates a real headache for the business traveler. I did appreciate the fact that the developer had done a pretty good job separating the adult and family pools. Parents didn't have to worry about the kids bothering the adults and vice versa.	
Oct 15 2006 	Stay on the Strip	Just returned on Saturday, 10-14-06, after staying in a one bedroom deluxe in tower 2 for the week. The facility was nice. Request tower#2. The room was spacious and clean. No problems with staff or with the facility. The major problem with the resort is that is too far from the strip. When you go to Vegas, staying on the strip is the best.. I've been to Vegas x3 in the last 6 years. This was my first off strip experience and I would never do it again. We did not rent a car. Thus we had to rely on the shuttle and taxi. This was a big waste a time. I can't say anything bad about the resort. However, if you like to gamble, drink liquor and fine dining, this is certainly not the place for you.	
Sep 23 2006 	Expectations were higher	We stayed at Fairfield (booked through RCI points) from 02 Sept - 9th Sept. Resort OK. Room was very disappointing - upholstery in living area looked like it could do with a good clean. Amenities good, washer, dryer etc. Room was not &quot;cleaned&quot; during week and we had to complain before it was - we even had to wash our own towels. Check-in manager said someone had put wrong code on room that it why it was only cleaned once during our stay. NOT the standard we are used to from RCI. In the adjoining room to us there were two children - who screamed and made lots of noise from about 6am each day. Not the children's fault! Of-course we were out most of the day, but no matter what time we came in - they were there screaming. As I've said not the childrens fault - why did the parents not have them outdoors playing?? AND Management should not have put us in a room with a connecting door to a family room. When we made our concerns known to Fairfield Management, we were told to put it all in writing. My husband handed the letter in to Desk Manager personally and was told it would be throughly investigated. No apology at the time and certainly ,as yet, no reply from them. I felt that we were treat like &quot;second class citizens&quot; by Fairfield staff.	
Sep 18 2006 	Not what I expected this year.	I stayed at this resort from Sept 8 - 15. When I checked in it smelled so bad with cigarette smoke. Also, the carpet was all stained and the mattress was so low. The service is getting to be not all that. I visited someone over to the imperial Palace and the mattress was great. It's time for Fairfield to upgrade their Tower I, because everyone is complaining about it. Now it cost you $12.00 for a trip down to Freemont Street. I pnly paid $10.00 to go on a trip to Laughlin which is almost 2 hour away.	
Sep 17 2006 	Would never stay anywhere else in Vegas	We stayed at the Fairfield Grand Desert Resort two years ago in April. We had a two bedroom condo. It was the best place we have ever stayed. The rooms were extremely clean, the activities were awesome, it was absolutely beautiful, there was no casino so you can get away from that environment when you want to. I would recommend it to anybody. We are going to stay there next year in September.	
Sep 14 2006 	Fit for a King	My dad came into a great deal with this hotel, over ebay actually. He won our stay, in the Presidential Suite. Nicest...place...ever. We were four people, in a three-bedroom, two-bathroom suite and we had plenty of room for more people. In fact, we had about 20 people in our room one night, following a relative's wedding. We could have easily lived there. It's not a hotel per-se, but a timeshare, so it's more like a temporary appartment, with all the amenities you would want in a (luxury!) apartment. It was nicer than our house.	
Sep 12 2006 	Beware security	Beware , Security not up to par, stayed at Fairfield 6-7 times, love it, but latest trip security let someone into my room, claimed to have drop ID...security opened the door and found ID (they had slipped under the door)..............and then left them in room, when I returned door was open, and my laptop and other items gone...called front desk and reported a break in....only after 4 meetings, most of the day, I found out what had occured..BEWARE	
Sep 12 2006 	Nice but get one of the newer towers!	We stayed in a 2 bedroom deluxe suite in Tower 1 at the Grand Desert. The suite was huge and even came with a stacked washer/dryer, full kitchen, and large jacuzzi and separate glass shower in the master bedroom. All of the people we encountered were very nice and pleasant. The pool area was nice with multiple pools and hottubs. Parking was easy: either in the underground parking garage or right outside the doors in spaces. Our only problem was that the suite in tower 1 was a little run down and need of a remodel. The carpet was starting to need replaced, wallpaper was peeling, furniture was worn out - don't get me wrong the suite was clean, tower one is just in need of a remodel. We saw suites in tower 2 and 3 and they were absolutely beautiful. We were told that tower 1 will be remodeled soon, but I would ask to stay in tower 2 or 3 until then for the best suite.Grand Desert is less than a mile from the strip on Harmon. It is an easy walk to the strip and even closer to the Hard Rock. We had a car though so we drove most of the time. There is no onsite casino or entertainment, so you will need to travel to get to these places. Overall a pretty nice place to stay.	
Sep 12 2006 	Nice room not so nice amenities and service....	We own here, and when we first got here, we actually were impressed with how pretty the suite that we had was, as we've stayed in Fairfields before and weren't impressed. However, that's where the good impression ends, and again, Fairfield doesn't live up to what it claims are its standards.Getting service was a pain in the neck. We had a light out in the bathroom, which we called three times to just bring us a lightbulb, but no one ever came. We had to &quot;hock&quot; toilet paper, towels and tissues from the cart as they never cleaned our room for us. There was spotty internet service in the room and we were annoyed that we had to pay an additional $30 for something that only worked half the time. That I don't get---a cheap &quot;no-tell, motel&quot; will give you free wi-fi, but a &quot;fancy resort&quot; can't have the decency to put in routers on each floor and let people have access?? Especially for what we pay monthly for our timeshare--- WHATEVER!!!We ended up having to have our room switched and we were &quot;downsized&quot; to a small one bedroom. It was clean but cramped and there was NO internet service! One last complaint... we go on vacation to get away from our kids (we don't feel Las Vegas is &quot;kid friendly,&quot; but that's just us). While we didn't mind other people's kids, we DID mind them being in the ADULT ONLY pool and there was no supervision at all.We are seriously questioning why we even bothered to buy here and are seriously considering selling our timeshare, even at a loss, just to get out from under it. Fairfield just doesn't do a very good job trying to take care of you unless you've spent $1,000,000 with them and they just don't care.	
Sep 7 2006	Terrible	I am so confused by all the hype of this place. My husband and I stayed here and we were not impressed. The location is not on the strip and we waited for the shuttle. After 2 of them were full we walked and it is not a short walk. They are constantly doing tours of the property to big groups. This is a time share property and maybe if you own it they are nice to you but otherwise don't count on it. They were rude to us. We had to wait for everything. My husband owns a plane so we stay lots of places and I have never given a 1 star review but I also have never been treated so rudely. We were told by management if we didn't buy into their timeshare we must not really love our family. What is that all about? They were even argueing with us. I have never had such bad service. Finally another manager came up and physically moved the man away from us telling him that was enough. He apologized to us but he was right it was enough.	
Aug 23 2006 	Wonderful Location!	We stayed at the Fairfield Grand Desert the week of August 12-19. This was a delayed honeymoon for us - so we'd have had a good time anywhere! However, this resort was very nice. It was conveniently located, but not 2 blocks from the strip in normal person blocks - they were Vegas blocks (more than a mile). You also have to walk through a contruction area for the MGM and Planet Hollywood condos going up - I didn't really feel safe at night walking back to the resort. I may be a sissy though. :) The resort is nestled just behind and between the Aladdin -soon-to-be-Planet Hollywood (much to my disappointment) hotel - and the MGM Grand. We'd go park at the Aladdin and walk from there.We reserved the room as RCI owners after getting married in Las Vegas last year. At check in we were really impressed. The lobby is absolutely beautiful and we were told we'd be in the new tower. We went to the area where we tell the people we do not want to do the presentation (they leave you alone about it if you say no) and then our original check in guy immediately came up and said that there was a problem with our room. In our ONE room in the new tower the electricity didn't work??? I don't believe that for a minute. We were immediately given a new room in the OLD tower. If I had it to do again, I'd have fussed about this...especially how they really gushed over how nice the new tower was - to stick us in the old one later - not cool. We got to the room and immediately realized that we were put in a handicapped room. I am a small person; therefore, the lower counters etc. did not bother me, but my taller husband had issues all week. Again, it was our fault for not asking to be moved. The primary reason we stayed in the room without complaint is because we were pretty much alone on that end of the hotel. No one coming in late, slamming doors etc. That part was nice.The furniture was pretty rundown by comparison to other RCI resorts I've visited. We stayed at the Cliffs at Peace Canyon in Vegas last year and it was AMAZING. It is just about 15 minutes from the strip and we wanted to walk, which we wound up not doing anyway. The couch was like sitting on wads of cotton. It looked fluffy, but once you sat down, you sank in awkward ways and it was easy to actually fall between the cushions. It was fairly dingy looking too. The televisions are small and our remote in the bedroom would not change the TV in the living room, but it cut it on and off - something it would not do in the bedroom! Also, we had to reprogram the TV to get the same channels in the bedroom that we got in the living room because the number pad did not work and you could not enter in what channel you wanted. Just minor inconveniences.The dishwasher wheels were broken and the drawer wouldn't slide, but my husband is really handy and fixed that. The shower had an awful plastic &quot;curtain/door&quot; thing since it was handicapped and it constantly came off track and got water all over the bathroom floor. The turntable did not work in the microwave. Nothing major, but after being told how &quot;wonderful&quot; the new tower was - it was hard not to be a little resentful. Again, we didn't say anything or I'm sure they would have changed it. We just didn't want the hassle of &quot;moving&quot; after we were settled. We'll insist next time. The pools were beautiful to look at, but we never went to them. They seemed clean and were never overcrowded. There were children/pre-teens playing in the adult pool, but it seemed the children's pool was full of adults sitting on bottom. I guess that works out. :)All in all, we had a wonderful time. We've vowed to come to Vegas every year to celebrate our anniversary. IF we can get the new tower, we'll stay here again. If we cannot be promised that - we'll go back tot he Cliffs of Peace Canyon. The shuttle from Fairfield does its last run at 10PM - who the heck leaves the strip at 10PM. Also, you are picked up at Harrah's only (I think) and they've taken my money more than anyone so I avoid them (again, my fault).For gambling tips - we did do the tour of the new Planet Hollywood debacle they are constructing (Aladdin was one of my favorites and so I'm bitter that they are messing it up and painting it baby ugly blue and red) for the free dinner and show tickets. Our van driver back told us to always go &quot;downtown&quot; to gamble. The casinos are paid for and can pay out. It seems like common sense, but seems so few people do it. We took the 1 hour craps lesson at the Aladdin and headed to El Cortez's $3 tables to learn how to play. Tables are $10-$25 on the strip and Craps looks difficult but has the BEST player odds and is actually really easy to play. We walked in El Cortez with $20 (I'm a big spender) and left with $95 the first day. We eventually wound up at the run down Tropicana by MGM Grand on their $5 tables and wound up winning several hundred dollars for very little investment. to win...DO NOT gamble at the new, big -still remodeling-with-your-losses - casinos. The odds of winning at slots are 1 of 25 - learn to play craps. The house advantage is only 1.14 for craps. We had people throwing money at us for winning them money at the tables because it is so easy to win. Also, if you go to the Tropicana and see Andrew the dealer - tell him &quot;Baby&quot; and &quot;Camelot&quot; said hello! He is great. The buffets are cheaper at the older casinos too - more for gambling! The Spice Market Buffet used to be my favorite in Vegas, but it was TERRIBLE this time. With the new renovations, it is moved into a tiny hole upstairs and everything is ice cold! I was glad the dinner was free because I'd have been mad if I paid $50 for it. The pizza places that slide fliers under your door are EXCELLENT - especially if you know anything about NY pizza. They deliver and are cheap too. If you want to buy groceries at Wal-mart - you have to go to Flamingo - not the one on Tropicana - they are not a Super-Walmart. The Albertson's closeby is nice too. Maryland Blvd. has a lot of nice places to eat, malls, etc. for off-strip shopping. I also highly recommend seeing Red Rock Canyon - it is $5 per car, and we liked it more than the Grand Canyon. Everyone needs to see the GC, but at the end of the day - it is a long drive to look in a hole. Hoover Dam was neat too.Sorry for the book...Vegas is great - just insist on that new tower until they clean up the older one! Cliffs at Peace Canyon is a great alternative if you rent a car and don't mind driving a few minutes. All casinos offer free parking.	
Aug 19 2006 	Never stay in a hotel again while in Vegas	We just returned from a week long trip to Las Vegas and stayed at the Fairfield Grand Desert!! August 5th-12th.What a great resort!!! Excellent for families and the rest of us too!!We traveled with 7 people for the week. All adults..Rented a 2 bedroom/2bath for the whole week AND a 3 bedroom from the 7th-11th.. Two pools, one for the family and one for adults only OPEN 24 hours a day unless they are closed for maintenance.. But that was a plus in my book because they alternated between the jacuzzis an the two pools.3 jacuzzis!! AWESOME POOLS!!! Great at 3am after gambling all day and night!!!The 2 bedroom blew our mind it was great!! Pool view!!Washer/Dryer.. refridgerator with icemaker, stove, microwave, blender, can opener, toaster, Dishwasher all the plates, glasses and utencils you could need.. King size bed in the master suite with Juccizi tub and seperate toilet &quot;room&quot;.. We were so excited!!The 3 bedroom COMPLETLY EXCEDED OUR EXPECTATIONS!! VERY SPACEOUS!! Everything you could need and more!!View of the strip!!Bedroom 1 ~two double beds, TV, closet with hangers!!, bureau and full mirrorBedroom 2 ~ 1 queen size bed, and all of the above!!Bedroom 3 ~Master suite, very spaceous, king size bed.. Double sinks, Jacuzzi Tub, seperate shower and toilet and all of the above.. All of the same appliances as the 2 bedroom.Check out the pictures of the 3 bedroom!! They tell it all!!The staff was curteous!! and yes we got sucked into a timeshare presentation, but we made money on the deal and some free tickets and coupons!! But all you have to say is no!!Excellent free shuttle bus to Harrah's which in the grand scheme of things is pretty much on the center of the strip.. It ran from I think 7am to 10pm Mon-Thurs and until 12:30 on Fr-Sun.Once you get to Harrah's you can venture to the strip or take another FREE shuttle to the RIO!! My husband and I did that to catch the World Series of Poker final table!! It was great!!!We had such a great time we will definately be staying at t the fairfield again!!	
Aug 6 2006	Great Getaway in Las Vegas	July 30-31, 2006. Stayed in the Fairfield Grand Desert last week for two nights. Had a one Bed room suite on 12th floor. Staff was very courteous, especially front desk. Room was to be non smoking, but definitely had previous guests who smoked. Bathroom needed fan. Hotel pool(s) and surrounds were very nice and is good local for families when staying in Las Vegas. No slots, tables or other distractions found in casino hotels. Had kids activity center great for parents. Down side - wireless internet was $5/hr - went to Coffee Shop to handle E-mail.....Recommend for future stays....	
Aug 5 2006 	Fairfield is Awesome!	Let me start out by stating that we travel to Vegas 3-4 times a year, and have stayed on the Strip (Caesars, Monte Carlo, TI and Flamingo) and off-the-strip (Rio, Embassy Suites, Hard Rock, J. W. Marriott, and Doubletree) over the years. If you are planning your first visit to Vegas...then by all means, stay on the Strip and experience all that Vegas has to offer. If, however, you have been there, done that, and are looking for superb accommodations, with less hustle and bustle, then consider the Fairfield Grand Desert Resort.  We just got back from our 7-nite booked stay (July 27 through August 3, 2006) at the wonderful Fairfield Grand Desert Resort. We booked it through a owner, and got a wonderful rate of $469 for the week (taxes included) for a deluxe 2-bedroom lockout. The accommodations were fantastic! We got in late on Thursday nite, and had no problems with Check-in, or getting our parking pass from the members desk. We did NOT have to sit through a time-share presentation. We were asked once, and politely declined. No further discussion necessary.  When we arrived in our room, we were shocked to discover that it was roomier than most apartments! We had a large living room, a dining table that sat 6, a full size kitchen with refrigerator, (and Icemaker!), dishwasher, and fully stocked cooking and eating utensils. They even provided kitchen towels, dish rag, and soap for the dishwasher and sink. The bedroom in the main unit had a king size bed, a bedstool, large closet, and TV armoire/dresser, and 2 nitestands. Just off the main bedroom was a large (2-3 person) Jacuzzi tub and sink. Then in a separate area, they had a huge shower (approximately 8 by 4 feet!), toilet and another sink.  Our two-bedroom lockout was actually two separate but attached, one-bedroom units, with the second unit being slightly smaller, but fully equipped nonetheless. The second unit also had a kitchen, albeit, smaller, with a smaller stove and dishwasher, and full size refrigerator. The bathroom was smaller, but fully functional with a full size tub/shower combo and sink and stool. My son, who turned 21 on this visit, appreciated having the 2nd unit to himself. When he wanted his privacy, he just closed the door that was located between the two rooms.  Each unit came equipped with a stacked washer/dryer, so we were able to do laundry during our one week stay, which made packing much easier, and less laundry to do once we got home!  Because our condo had two fully working kitchens, we went grocery shopping early in our stay, and bought groceries to last us the week. We saved a lot of money by making our own breakfasts and having our own drinks, snacks and water on hand. There is no room-service or bar located on this property!  Keep in mind, this is a timeshare property and not a hotel. There was no daily maid service. However, if you needed more towels, it was never a problem. We discovered that the pool towels are actually softer (and larger) then the bath towels provided. (Pool towels are located under the main sinks in the bathrooms or available at the front desk in Tower 2) With the washer and dryer in your unit, you could freshen up your own towels in a jiffy!  The resort offers a free shuttle to Harrah's, where you can pick up another shuttle to the Rio. We utilized the shuttle to Harrah's and Rio when it was available, but ended up taking a cab back on most nights since we tended to stay out later than 12:30 a.m., which is the last run for the shuttle from Harrah's. (depending on where you coming from, cabs ran 9-15 dollars for the three of us back to the resort.)  The activities at the resort were nice. I took advantage of the 8:30 a.m. water aerobics class on the first day, and got a good solid workout from that. I was not able to drag myself out of bed that early on the other mornings, however. The pools are nice, and refreshing, even with the outside temperature hitting over 102 degrees. The pools felt cool, but not too cold. They had two pools, one for adults, and one for families, and they did a decent job of keeping the kids out of the adult pool. I only noticed kids in there for a short time before they were asked to leave. We did not have any trouble finding shaded areas around the adult pool, and for those sun worshippers, there was plenty of room for them as well.  The resort hosted several pool parties during the week we were there, offering wine, and beer (get there early, though.....on the weekends they tend to run out early!), frozen type margaritas, and snacks. They also had a live band on the weekend, and a D.J. playing music during the week.  Since we did not have young children with us, I can't comment on the sponsored children's activities much, other than to say I saw a lot of kids staying at the resort, and they seemed to be enjoying themselves, especially those free snow cones during the pool party! (Some kids and adults were even enjoying the family pool at 2:30 a.m. when we returned to the resort a few times!)  The only negative thing I would comment on was we had asked for a wi-fi enabled room. Evidently, not all rooms are wi-fi equipped. We pre-paid for a week of wi-fi service (29.95?) but had &quot;low to very low&quot; signal strength from our 4th Floor room for most of the week. Several times, we lost the signal completely, BUT if we went one floor below, to the &quot;main floor&quot; where the snack stand, store and pool area were located, we got an &quot;excellent&quot; signal. Since we were only one floor up from the &quot;main floor, this did not make sense to us. I contacted the front desk, and they suggested I call the wi-fi provider. The signal strength seemed to improve slightly after the call, and we were able to use it completely from the room after that. So, if you are PLANNING on using wi-fi from your room, you may not be able to do so, depending on room location, etc. For us, this was a leisure trip only, so the Internet requirement was not as crucial. Just something to keep in mind if you will be REQUIRING a stable Internet connection from the room. I understand they also have a &quot;business area&quot; with Internet access, but we never found the need to locate it.  All in all, we had a great stay at the Fairfield, and I would definitely consider staying here again.	
Jul 29 2006 	Hotel was great!	We arrived in the middle of the day and had to wait till 2pm to checkin but, it was only about 30 minutes and no line. They had free wine(both red and white, not sure of the brand/whatever-I'm not that picky) inside. Out at the pool area, there was free margaritas(red ones and regular yellow ones), free snow cones for the kids, chex mix, sodas, waters, and beer. This was only there the 1st day(I think they had more another one but, we were out running around and missed the luau and all that).When we checked in, I noticed a big spinning wheel with prizes all around it. I asked if I got to win something but, only people going thru their &quot;update&quot; got to do it. I just had an update last month but, they let me do it, if I promised to listen to their &quot;45 minute thing&quot; which, always turns into 2 or more hours. So, I spun, said I got a free 5 X 7 pic and I decided my time wasn't worth wasting to get a stupid pic. Other than that, they were really nice. No one bothered us at all after that.The rooms were nice and clean but, mine was missing a baking sheet(which housekeeping brought to me within 20 minutes of my request).Everything we needed was in the room(dishes, towels, they give you beach towels if needed, too at the front desk, cooking utensils, appliances, dish powder and liquid, washer/dryer and detergent(2 packets, they will give you more if needed, papertowls, etc).They have a free shuttle to/from Harrah's about every 35 minutes. There's also a free shuttle to/from the Von's gracery store nearby every morning. There are 2 different times you can go. The bus was a bit crowded for the larger passengers but, everyone seemed to fit just fine. I think there's about room for 20 people on there, not sure. The concierge(don't remember his name, blondish haired 20 something guy) was helpful. The other ones probably were, too but, he's the one we talked to about dinner. We wanted to find a restaraunt that was decent food but, not high dollar. So, he gave us the Ellis Island(restaraunt in the hotel). You can walk there(left out on Harmon, left on Koval, 2 blocks down) but, if its hot(as it was when we were there and walked), it feels like an extra long walk. You can get to the strip by taking that same path, too, just keep walking past.Fun stuff nearby:Kids went to Circus Circus Adventurdome for a day. It cost us $18 per ticket after we used our $4 per ticket coupon (find in the magazines, everywhere). It had free laser tag and many rides, all included and had a/c. I didn't pay for a tkt but, anyone can walk around in there for free.There's lots of other stuff everywhere there, you just need to use coupons.	
Jul 19 2006 	Beautiful Clean Property	Stayed here for three nights and was very pleased. The rooms are clean and well equipped. We stayed in a 2BR, and loved having the kitchen to cook and keep drinks in the refrigerator. The pool is clean and beautiful. The grounds are lovely, and the staff is courteous. There are many activities and internet access in the computer lab. It is a great place to go if you get the chance.	
Jul 6 2006	nice place	Stayed here with a girlfriend a few weeks ago to celebrate my graduation. We didn't want to &quot;party&quot; just wanted a nice quiet &quot;homebase&quot; to enjoy the pool and get to the strip easily , and my mom offered for us to stay here (she's got the Fairfield timeshare). We got a beautiful 1 bedroom condo with full kitchen and even laundry. The bed was a king size but was too firm (and I tend to like firm beds). People in general were pretty good about not bringing their kids to the adult pool. However, twice there were some rude and apparently illiterate people (there were a few signs stating the pool was for adults only) who brought from 1-8 children (we counted) that were loud, splashing, and quickly cleared the pool of adults wanting to enjoy some peace and quiet. THe first time we complained to management a security guard asked the family to leave, which they did. The second time, a security guard came, took a look at the pool, lingered for a while, talked into his walkie-talkie...and then walked away without talking to the offenders. I had to talk to the man myself to ask him to remove his splashing child. On Monday morning at 9 am (!!) we were woken up to the sounds of a DJ playing music in the family pool. It stopped at 10 am, but it were severely inappropriate in a hotel to wake everyone up at 9!! It didn't happen again (we checked out on Wed).The concierge is great. We enjoyed the pool for so long one day that we forgot about getting tickets to a show. The concierge made several suggestions and made some phone calls, getting us tickets to a show that night, including two free tickets.	
Jul 6 2006	Great Vegas Resort!	We stayed at the Fairfield Grand Desert from July 1- 3 in a 2BR Deluxe in the new tower. We loved our room because it was right off the elevator on the 3rd floor, separated from all other rooms. It was perfect because we were there with another family (so 4 adults, 3 four year olds and 2 infants!) and we had two complete suites. The second suite had a smaller kitchen, but still had a living area with large tv and dining area, and a separate bedroom. We didn't have the greatest view (the building itself blocked our views) but it was so quiet and private - loved it! The suites were in great shape as I guess this is the new building. I did not see any maintenance issues at all, everything was in perfect working order and very clean. The staff was incredibly friendly as were the guests. We think the atmosphere here is conducive to that feeling. NO MORE casino resorts for us! We have stayed at the Luxor, TI, Monte Carlo, MGM, Circus Circus and probably a few I am forgetting, and they are so inconvenient, especially with children. This resort was great for families! We loved having the washer, dryer and refrigerator -- we own at Disney Vacation Club and are pretty spoiled by these types of accomodations now!The pool areas were very nice. Our building was separated from the main buildings and had it's own smaller pool. The big family pool was nice but difficult to find shade at during the day. We enjoyed it mostly at night, although I do agree with another reviewer here that the pool was filled with hair for some reason - more than I've ever seen anywhere else. But, the kids loved the zero entry pool and there were lots of resort pool toys floating around. We did not participate in any of the activities, but it did seem like the great ones were more during the week than on weekends.We also loved being able to park right outside of the hotel door as opposed to parking 10-15 minutes away from your room through a smoke-filled casino. This made everything very convenient for kids. I think this resort would also be excellent for those without kids and we did see people of all ages enjoying themselves. I would not suggest walking to the strip as everything is a lot further away than it seems. We would go back to the Fairfield in a hearbeat next time we are in Vegas. We don't &quot;love&quot; Vegas, but it is a good resort to get to within driving distance and we were very impressed, as were our friends who met us from Arizona.	
Jun 20 2006	Kid friendly hotel/condo	Let me start off by saying that is a great place to stay with kids. My husband, my 2 girls (3 &amp; 9) and I stayed here Aug. 20th-27th for our summer vacation. The rooms were nice, spacious and clean. The only bad review that I have is the kids pool. If you like swimming in a merky, hair infested pool then you would love this pool. I tried it twice and refused to go back in. Great location. Being off the strip it was nice not to hear all the strip noises. I loved the huge tub in the room and not being in an actual casino, my kids loved the kid activities which included bingo games which they won some cool prizes, the pool party and the great balloon clown, and my husband loves the comfy bed because all he did was sleep! We loved this place and would love to stay here again only when it's not 120 degrees outside!	
Jun 15 2006	great place	We stayed at the grand desert and cant really find any faults with the place, although we were at first given a disabled persons room to start with this was soon put right. The staff work very hard keeping guests entertained and the free shuttle bus to and from the strip is great. The rooms are spacious with every appliance you could ask for, the pools are great although the so called adult pool does become a family pool one the main pool goes into the shade. All in all a great place I really recommend	
Jun 15 2006 	The best value in Las Vegas!	This is the best place to stay in Vegas if A. You have kids and need SPACE or B. you don't want to have the casino congestion. I got my reservation through ebay for $280 for 4 nights in a two bedroom. this is a timeshare not a hotel so the rules are different. There is no real housekeeping and no room service etc. That being said the rooms are huge and beautiful and clean. They have kids activites and a family pool and some nice people who work there. I was never asked to take a tour or anything like that. This will now be my place to stay in Vegas.	
Jun 14 2006	Great place to stay!	We stayed in a 2-bedroom condo in the newest building - separate from the original two buildings. The condos were beautiful with everything you needed, including a refrigerator that made ice.....useful for our coolers that we brought to the pool every day. The rooms also have a blender if you like frozen drinks. They also supply beach towels....we didn't know this and had brought our own. This building had its own small pool and hot-tub with washrooms right beside the hot-tub. The loungers were better at this pool than the other main pool and it was much less crowded. We were a group of 7 - stayed in 2 two-bedroom condos......one night after returning from the strip, we decided to go in the hot-tub. The security staff was great.....didn't have a problem with this at all....only thing was our drinks had to be in plastic containers.....we were in the hot-tub until 6am.....had a blast!!! There is also a very reasonably priced deli/canteen if you don't feel like cooking.....it closes at 4pm though. The shuttle to the strip was very convenient to get to mid-strip. The grocery store shuttle was great......you have to sign up the day before to get on this shuttle. The staff is very helpful at this resort.....no problems at all.....had a great vacation here at a much better price than staying on the strip......and we didn't feel like we missed out by not staying on the strip either.....we still went to the strip every night!	
Jun 13 2006	Million Dollar View	From our 3 bedroom condo in Tower 3 we could see many hotels on the strip. At night we enjoyed the lights coming from the strip. The Grand Desert is a wonderful place to stay. There were 7 of us in a family and lots of room for all of us. Everyone on the staff was very accommodating and the condo was beautiful. Lots of security. A perfect visit to Las Vega and the Grand Desert. One of the best Fairfield resorts.	
Jun 4 2006	Would Love To Return!	We stayed in a 2 bdrm timeshare at Fairfield Resort from May 29 through June 2. This place was awesome! It was much better than we expected. The staff was friendly and our unit was nice and clean. Staying at Fairfield was one of the highlights of our trip. Quite a convenient location, as it was close to the strip and airport. The beds were very comfortable and we had a great view of the Las Vegas strip. We hope to definitely return sometime in the future!	
Jun 2 2006	Yet another excellent stay at the Fairfield!	Visited the Fairfield for Memorial Day weekend and had a wonderful stay in a 2 bedroom deluxe.We drove up from Arizona early on Friday and our friends drove up from southern California. I had no problem calling the front desk and adding the other couple's name to the reservation since they would be arriving before us. They even let us check into our room early (at 11am) which was wonderful since we had been driving all morning and checkin is not usually until 4pm. The Customer Service at the front desk was excellent. The accomodations were the perfect size for two couples and housekeeping even offered to come in and clean a large stain on our carpet without us even having to ask. Many bath towels and beach towels were available in the room. We also took advantage of the full fitness center and the free internet access. We parked our cars in the underground parking garage. There were security guards patrolling often and I never felt that my vehicle was in any danger of being vandalized. The wait for the Shuttle to Harrah's was a little long but that was expected since it was a holiday weekend. All in all it was a very relaxing visit with friends. I have been staying at the Fairfield for a few years now and it really does feel like a home away from home. The only problem I have ever had with it is inconsiderate people who smoke in the rooms even though all of the rooms are supposed to be non smoking. In that occasion, housekeeping and maintenance were very helpful. In Summary, once you stay at the Fairfield its hard to stay at regular hotels again. My family and all my friends that I have ever brought to stay at the Fairfield agree.	
May 26 2006	Wonderful	Four of us stayed for a week, outstanding service, great suite, lovely pool. We were not aproached at any time buy sales people. Great location about a $5.00 taxi ride to the strip. Highest praise.	
May 24 2006	Hello....This Is A Timeshare Resort	Just returned from a week at the Grand Desert. As always with Fairfield Resorts, the facilities were extremely well kept. All the staff were friendly. I thought the entertainment staff was lacking in enthusiasm, but after all, you are in Vegas to see Vegas. No alchohol available for purchase on the property. It's a hastle to have to go off property to bring it in. The shuttle service to the boulevard was excellent. Always on time like clockwork. Some of the drivers could use a dose of personality, but most were very helpful.I don't understand why people complain about the timeshare issue. They know that up front. Learn how to say no and then learn to enjoy the remainder of your stay and don't blame the sales staff for doing their job. A salesman would not be doing their job, if all they had to do was do the presentation. It's called attempting to close a deal.	
May 24 2006	Beautiful and Elegant	We stayed 3 nights at the Fairfield Grand Desert. We were there for the Fairfield owners meetings. Our room was in Tower 3 (cant's remember the name of the tower). It was clean and beautiful. The staff was very friendly. We were approached about attending a presentation but when we said we had just come from Fairfield San Diego Harbour Lights they gave us a welcoming packet and that was the end of that. We recommend it to anyone that enjoys a nice place. I did use their internet area in the activities room.	
May 22 2006	Skip the timeshare sales and fall in love with this resort	If you are the traveler with kids and want a quiet resort but do not want to stay too far away from the strip, this is the resort for you!  We love this resort not because we own the timeshare at this resort, we love it because rooms are big and have everything you need in the suite!! Big room big space, why would I want to spend more money and just stay in the hotel room? If you want to gameble, clubing or fancy meals, this resort is not for you, because they do not have onsite casino or fancy restaurants or bar. Again, this resort is not too far away from the strip, 2 blocks away, how close is that? You can always drive out from the resort and take Harmon Ave to Paris Las Vegas or Aladdin's parking lot! You don't even need to hit the strip traffic at all. 3 swimming pools, two in the main court, one for family and the other one just for adult. Near the new building, they have one more family pool there. Kids love to soak in the water all day and you can stay with them during the day time next to the pool. Kitchen in the suites are full kitchen. You can go to stores get some quick fix meals for breakfast or quick bites for lunch and then go to the other hotels to have a great meals if you don't want to cook during that time. Or just not cooking at all if you want. Staff are really nice, make sure you asking them about kids program when you check-in.About the other review that saying the timeshare sale stuff, &quot;Don't be Greedy and want to get some free dinner or show tickets&quot;!!!! Sure they want to sale you stuff if you are taking their free stuff!! Just skip that part, if the front desk ask you about the tour or offer you the free stuff and go to the timeshare presentation, just tell yourself, you are here for a vacation, not to buying or go to unwanted timeshare presentation!! You don't take free stuff, they can't make you go. Just that simple!Anyhow, we had a wonderful time at this resort for 3 nights stay and we are going back during the summer vacation for 4 nights stay!! You can book this hotel at &quot;expedia[&quot;&quot;]&quot; sometime they have a great deal with their room rate. Take charge of your vacation, skip the timeshare presentation and enjoy time with your family or your love one.	
May 16 2006	Poor Security	Our rental car was vandalized in the parking garage of the Fairfield Grand Desert on E. Harmon in Vegas. You would expect some decent security at a resort like this, but the back window of our car was smashed in and our luggage stolen. The parking garage has no surveillance cameras and the resort refuses any responsibility.	
May 1 2006	Loved the Fairfield Inn and Resort on Harmon	I was a guest at the resort from April 22 -- April 28, 2006. I would just like to say that the staff and attendants were most hospitable. There was never a need that could not be addressed by staff. I also felt very safe and secure at the Inn...because of having to use the key for any outside entry. My hats are off to your staff... &quot;Staff can truly make the difference in your stay&quot;.There was a staff member who I would like to commend (Mr. Ron Reichert), I may have misspelled his last name...but he is truly an asset to your staff. He greeted us with a warmth that was truly sincere and being from a small town...that meant a lot to me.I would highly recommend this Inn to anyone coming to the area. You all close enough but not so close. You can get the feeling of the strip without having to be right on the strip.I enjoyed being close enough to walk to many places ... yet far enough away to get away from the hustle and bustle. I had the most enjoyable day on April 24th when I went walking to MGM...down the strip to the Wynn and back to the Inn. I'm not sure how many miles that represents but because of the wonderful weather and your beautiful sky line I never felt intimidated.Thanks again for a safe, pleasant and enjoyable stay...Dareleane Ricks Guest of Arthur Jackson 877 Jefferson Avenue Adams Pavilon Room 207Memphis, TN 38103dricks@the-med.org	
Apr 27 2006	Skip the Time Share stuff and this is Great	Normally I stay on the Strip, but this time I booked late and the rates were for convention,meaning way high.Instead, I purchased four nights over ebay at the Fairfield Grand Desert, and it was great.Because I was not there through some Harrahs/fairfield promotion, I got no sales pitch for the place. It was a one br deluxe with Jacuzzi in the room, plenty of space and nice view of the lush pool area. Easy In and Easy Out from the parking here--right to my room.Use Paradise Road and Swenson and you will be where you want to go in a hurry.Lots of activities if you want..or just a quiet, luxurious place to relax if you dont.An excellent alternative to the UberHotels on the Strip.Would definitely stay there again...as long as the sale pitch stays in the can.	
Apr 9 2006	Stay Somewhere Else--You WIll Thank Me!	This resort was a nightmare! The staff was not the least bit helpful with anything. We were consistently lied to about when our condos would be available. Check-in time is 4:00 p.m. and our condos were not even ready until after 5:00 p.m. The staff evidently does not talk to each other and we were given conflicting times, etc. The condo actually stank--smelled musty and foul; the ceiling fan in the bedroom made so much noise you cold not sleep.We would never stay there again and we own Fairfield.	
Mar 31 2006	Birthday 	Wondering why all reviews I read were so nice and friendly! Then I read the guidelines for submitting a review. I understand the reasons for these guide lines. The guest that are really upset with thier stay at this resort probaly find it hard to follow them. You can't even use ALL CAPS to express how upset you might be by your visit. I don't use profanity, threats,insults,nor do I go by hearsay! We only had a 3 night,4 day stay! We were there to celebrate our 33 yr. wedding anniversary and my birthday. Our time there was suppose to be special! Our time was wasted by marketing/sales trying make another sale at the expense of our time. We didn't come on a business trip. We won a free show at the member services at the front lobby when we arrived and were given a wrong date for show. We went all the way to the Rio Casino for nothing! Shuttle bus scheduled was for last run to be at 10:30 pm then changed to 12:30 am and then never shows up! We stopped doing what we were doing to get there on time at 10:30 About 45 people waiting, and upset! Other misinformation was given to us. All this was a waste of our time. This was our first visit to a Fairfield Resort. We are hoping our next visit in Florida is not as diasterous. We will not forget our first one! This was an insult to us! It will suprise me if this review is posted, because it is not relevant to tourists all your bases are covered, but this review was not for them it was for some one at this Resort to read it and try to correct mistakes that are being made at the expense of guest who are there to enjoy themselves!	
Mar 28 2006	OK but beware of the timeshare presentation	I was excited to stay at this resort from the reviews I had read. However, upon our arrival we were told we would have a 1 bedroom suite with jacuzzi, plenty of space, etc... what they failed to tell me when i made my reservations via phone was that i would have to take a 90 minute presentation for a timeshare. I was not happy and refused to do it at check-in. They kept trying to entice us by offering free dinners and show tickets, but I was there to relax and vacation and not have to listen to anyone try to sell me something i knew i wasn't interested in. Once i kept declining and they finally gave up, we finally got to leave Harrah's and check-in at the Grand Desert. Our 1 bedroom suite with jacuzzi turned out to be a 1 bedroom with NO jacuzzi and little space. I wonder why? I called the the front desk, but they said it was a miscommunication and that was the room I was given. They didn't seem to care. I didn't feel like arguing anymore since I was already tired from the drive there from LA. So I made the most of it and ignored what happened so I could enjoy my trip! If you're into the timeshare resorts, then it's a wonderful place for you! Otherwise, think twice!!!	
Mar 28 2006 	Loved it will come back again....	My husband and I was there on March 22-26, 2006. This is our first time staying at the Grand Desert Resort with our timeshare points, Before we booked I read some of the review. It really helped me alot. For people who have familys, business it a wonderful place to stay. It's quite, parking is not so crowded, you don't have to smell the smoke and the good part about it is no casino. But the strip is very near by about 10 -15 mins walk. We came here for little bit of everything, our anniversary, my husband b-day, my best friend's wedding, her b-day, and business. We stay in two bedroom delux suite. As soon as we walk in the room I was very impressed. It was a good size bedrooms. The master room w/ a jetta tube, full kitchen, living room, and dinning area. On this trip we have saved alot of money. We went to china town and buy food and cook it ourself. Everything was perfect, clean and neat. Will loved to come back again.naicalifornia	
Mar 20 2006 	Not good for business travelers	I would like to start off that when we arrived to the Fairfield we were greeted with friendly staff and checked in to a spacious clean room. The bathroom was huge with a nice tub and separate shower. Unfortunately, I had to work from my laptop in the mornings and that is where the problems came. I was in the new building (I think building 3)which does not come equipped with any kind of internet access. I had to wait in line at the activity center every morning when it opened at 8am (it was already 11am on the East coast before I was even able to get onto my computer). Once a spot opened up in the computer lab I had 30 minutes to get all of my work done before they would kick me off and make me get back in to line. Needless to say this is not conducive for anyone that needs to do business online or has any sort of deadline. They informed me my only other option was to pay to get a wireless hookup and sit outside by the pool (the only area I was told it would work). Well, it was February and sub 40 in the mornings. Even then, they couldn't guarantee that the connection would be high speed. Needless to say I left a little frustrated. If checking in with work, or working online is not an issue for you, then I would say this isn't a bad place to stay.	
Mar 17 2006	Tremendous facility	This is a tremendous location, great condos, shuttle service to the strip, and a very nice pool.It is very hard to get reservations at this location.	
Mar 15 2006	Not bad at all.	Not bad at all. Cold so did not try out the pool. Free shuttle to Harrah's made it convenient. Would stay here again. No casino at this resort.	
Mar 7 2006	Awesome!!!	We drove to Las Vegas which was an 8 hour drive. We weren't able to check into our room until my father law arrive, however the front desk manager arranged for us to check into our room. He was very helpful!!! As soon as we got to our room I was completely amazed. It was a two bedroom with a kitchen, booth table, and a jacuzzi in the master bedroom. The room was wonderful and very spacious. In addition there was a washer and dryer... which really helped out. I would definately stay here again on my next trip back!!! The walk to the strip isn't bad; 10-15 min. The shuttle to Harrahs was convienient, since Harrahs is in the middle of the strip. Like I said I would definately return to this place!!!	
Feb 15 2006	Las Vegas' best kept secret!!!	I can't say enough good about this place! The location was perfect!2min. walk from the strip. The hotel was clean, the staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were GREAT! One of the girls I travelled with was a little gunshy about time shares. Not a pitch was heard all weekend. The other thing I really liked about this place was that it was quiet. Don't get me wrong, we were all party girls BUT it is nice to go out and party and then come back to a nice quiet hotel. And you know that ching ching slot machine sound that you hear EVERYWHERE in LV? There wasn't any of that. Bless them for that!!! There is a pool for families and one for adults. I love that concept. I just don't feel right sitting outside drinking/partying while kids are running around.This was my 3rd time in Vegas and my 3rd hotel. This will be the only hotel I will stay at from now on.And the icing on the cake is that they give you this grab bag with some ammenities - lil mouthwash, toothbrush, soap, etc.and popcorn in the room! Thank you. I was starving when I arrived!!lol	
Feb 13 2006	Great time	Just came back from time in Vegas at this resort. Staff was excellent, helpful at all times. Shuttle service was acceptable back and forth from Harrah's and in the evening (10-12) assisted by Rio shuttle. 45 minute owner presentation worth it if you keep time to a minimum to get the buffet and gaming from Harrahs. Taxi from airport to hotel around $10 including tip so very acceptable. Travel to strip using shuttle and cab not bad. Room was very good. Will certainly return again.	
Jan 5 2006	Christmas at Fairfield Grand Desert	We stayed at this resort from 12/24/05/,until 12/30 05. The resort is very clean. Staff is friendly.It is a nice place to stay if you prefer to be off the strip. There are free shuttle rides to Harrahs running every 20 minutes. The resort is only 3 blocks from the strip. There is a washer and dryer in the room with free tide. There is a gameroom for kids.When we checked in they gave us a free goodie bag with some personal care items incase we forgot anything. Then you get to spin this big wheel and you win a prize,showtickets etc. I would recommend this resort.	
Dec 9 2005	Great Place!!!	Stayed nov 11th -14th in a 2 bedroom deluxe.Was very impressed with most of the resort.Good size rooms,nice kitchen and the tube was great!The only thing i had a small problem with was the parking,if you stay out late you will have to walk a little(but not that big of a deal)	
Dec 2 2005	Wonderful Resort	We have stayed at the Grand Desert for one week, two years running (2004 and 2005) and plan on doing so again in 2006. We rented the three bedroom corner suites on both occassions.The only reason that I am writing this is to counter a couple of nit-picky reviews that are also noted on this internet site. The Resort is top quality. I didn't rank it Excellent only in deference to the close by huge Las Vegas top-end strip hotels.Access to the Resort was great for business and the family had a wonderful time, at the same time. There areNO slots or casino on-site and hence is more suited to business or a family requirements. Recommend it highly.	
Dec 2 2005	Honeymoon in Vegas	Loved the Grand Desert. We stayed here on our Honeymoon from November 13 - 18th. We had a 1 bedroom suite including a jacuzzi in the second tower. We did the grocery shopping thing there the first morning, so we only spent money on dinners during the week. I would also recomend buying an entertainment coupon book from entertainment if you are planning to go to any Vegas shows. There are several show and restaurant tickets that will save you money as well. We did not get a chance to attend the timeshare presentation, so I have no comment on how pushy they are. I would recommend getting a rental car then using the self parking at the major hotels. I did lots of research and searching on the internet for jacuzzi suites and this place was by far had the best price. We would both not hesitate to return!	
Nov 10 2005	Wonderful place	My husband and I stayed as guest of my parents, who are owners of this Timeshare. I can say that this place is an excellent resort to stay while in Vegas. It's nice to return from a day of doing casino's to not hear the ding ding of the slot machines or the heavy smoke wafting from the tables. We had a 1 br deluxe and it was fantastic!! Love the Jacuzzi tub!! The resort offers a shuttle each morning to the local grocery store. This is a new feature!! You have to sign up for it the day before, but if you are looking for ways to avoid having to eat out all the time, this is the best way to go!! As well, they offer shuttle service over to Harrahs about every twenty minutes. This really helped us in not needing a rental car. We were able to navigate easily by using the shuttle to Harrahs, then to the monorail, or the Duece (the bus). As well, the resort offers some activities that we did particpate in. One was the Freemont Street Experience. For a small fee (i think $5 a person), they shuttled you to Freemont for about three hours of dinner and exploring. The shuttle would then return and take you back at a designated time. This is excellent so that you don't have to get a cab or rely on the bus. As well, they had another activity which was a Dinner and a Show. The show was the &quot;Rat Pack Tribute&quot;. You pay the fee for dinner and a show, and they shuttle you over and back. The tribute was great.. the food at the &quot;hotel&quot; was not so great at all. But well worth the money.Only thing that we had to deal with was the Timeshare sale. They try to get you signed up to attend an &quot;update&quot; if you are a owner. The woman I dealt with was pushy about setting up a time when we checked it at the members' desk. Wouldn't take no for an answer. so I booked, but then did not show up. No phone call, no bother.. Yay!!The conceirge (sp) was great to have. if they can't get you good seats or they can't assign a specific seat,then they will tell you that it would be better to go directly to the box office to get them. We appreciated that fact. However, if you do get tickets through them, be sure to understand the rules. What you are receiving is not the actual ticket, but a voucher. One of them required that we had to have the tickets picked up before 1 hour prior to the show, but after 4 pm. If we had understood that, then we would have planned our day better. We were fortunate enough to get to the show in time, but not too happy.Overall, staff is friendly and great to work with. I would highly recommend the Grand Desert! We hope to go back again soon	
Oct 20 2005	Fairfield Grand Desert Resort - Awesome!	8 of us booked a 2 room suite and stayed Oct 7th - 10th. It was awesome, plenty of room, two big bathrooms and a fully equiped kitchen to make breakfasts, lunches and drinks for the pool (yes there was even a blender!). We saved so much by eating those meals in the condo and having just dinner out!The resort has no liquor license, but that's not a problem, infact it's a savings, you can bring canned beer or drinks to the pool in plastic cups. There's a free shuttle to take you grocery shopping and when we retuned from the store, we realized we forgot plastic cups. The attendant in the shuttle suggested we stop by the hospitality room and ask for cups, we were given a full sleeve of cups - no charge.Everyone working there was friendly, helpful and no pressure. I wasn't even asked to take a time share tour.The pools are great, 3 great hot tubs, open all night and even a snack bar.It's a good 10 minute walk to the strip, but there's also a free shuttle to Harrahs, which is great.I highly recommend the Fairfield Grand Desert Resort, we had so much fun - all 8 of us are planning to make this trip every 2 years and we are definitely staying here again!!!	
Oct 14 2005	Fairfield Grand Desert Rocks - Prime location	Fairfield Grand Desert is a real gem. I stayed for 4 nights (Tue-Sat 10/4-10/8). Property was in great shape and my two room suite could have easily slept 8-10 people. We were on the 11th floor and had a beautiful view.Staff and other guests were very friendly. I find that timeshare spots attract friendly guests. Had fun interacting with others.In my mind Grand Desert is located in the prime location. It easy to drive to any spot on the strip here and avoid major traffic. Harmon and Koval are much less traveled and parking is easy. You can walk to the strip from here, but it is a jaunt. This hotel is also very close to Hard Rock, Terribles, and Ellis Island Casinos.Pool and kids activities galore. My son (age 7) loved the junk food bingo, crafts, and balloon animal making activities.I also took the timeshare tour for extra cash. I have been on a few of these, and this was the most low pressure experience I have ever had. I was out of there in 45 minutes with a cash voucher for Harrah's in hand. Score!	
Oct 6 2005	Awonderful property	The Grand Desert is a wonderful property. I stayed in tower 1 which is the original building. Even though i noticed some wear and tear the room was wonderful and spacious. The wear and tear im referring to is chipped floor molding in the elevators and scuffs on the walls where the bell carts must hit... that didnt bother me at all.I didnt interact with the staff much as i was working but the one person i did come across, a bellman, saw me entering the building with many bags and he was headed to the elevator too and clearly saw me but did not hold it... oh well! Over all what a great two day stay. I will return.	
Sep 21 2005	We loved this resort	We stayed at the Fairfield from Sept 11-18. We had a 2 Bedroom Presidential Suite on the 12th floor of the 1st Building. This building has the conveinence store, restuarant, gym facility and adult pool attached. We loved staying here and having our own kitchen. We made breakfast every morning and a few scattered lunches and dinners. They offer many activities for adults and kids. They can also arrange organized tours to most of the major attractions(ie: Hoover Dam, Liberace Museum, Outlet Shopping). They offer a nightly shuttle to the Fremont Street Expeirence and frequent shuttles to Harrahs and The Rio. The units are beautiful and the staff is really great. We would definitely come to this resort again.	
Sep 20 2005	Great Place	Went Fairfield Grand Desert for my honeymoon, got a great deal from (---). The rooms were wonderful, the kitchen was fully equipped with everything that you need (even things that I don't have in my own kitchen). The living room was wonderful, the rooms were incredible, but the best part was the bathroom. The bathroom had a jacuzzi tub big enough for three people, and a separate walk in shower that's big enough for 10 people. The washer and dryer were a plus. The pools were very nice and relaxing, the activity room was very helpful; it had free interned access, pool tables, video games for the kids and much more. My wife and I enjoyed coming back after a night out on the strip without dealing with the crowds and the noise of casinos. I highly recommend the Fairfield Grand Desert	
Sep 15 2005 	Great Location for Conventioners	Easy access to the strip and the convention center. The amenities are awesome and I loved the service. One of the best experiences I have had in Las Vegas and I am a frequent business traveler to &quot;sin city&quot; for business. Very relaxing environment even though you are just a few blocks away from multiple choices in entertainment. You will not be disappointed, my thanks to the staff for a wonderful 4 day stay.	
Sep 5 2005	Unbelievable!!!	In one word&quot;Unbelievable&quot;... That describes our stay here at the Grand Desert. It was an absolute joy staying here. The rooms were like an upscale apartment. We stayed in the 2 bdr. deluxe from Aug.28th. to Sept.1 and we had a strip view on the 13th floor. We were able to make our own meals which we figured saved us about 250.00 dollars for the 4 nights and 5 days that we were there, as opposed to eating on the strip and going to all the very expensive restaurants. We were able to do laundry and not have to pack so many clothes. We also brought our kids along with us and this place is excellent if you have kids. Even if you don't have kids there are two pools, one for adults and one for kids and they are seperated so if you don't wan't to be bothered by kids you won't be. They are also in the final stages of opening there third tower in October and that tower also has a pool and more privacy if that's what you want. The staff was tremendous, very helpful and the amount of activities they have there is just fantastic. There is so much to do there on a daily basis you don't even need to leave the place. If you bring your kids this is the place as they really have a lot to do for the kids and adults as well. It's only two short blocks to the strip, which takes you to the Aladdin, and if you go the other way you are a short walk from the Hard Rock Hotel. If you are lazy you will think it's a long walk to the strip but if you can walk a little it's not that far and they have shuttles runnning every half hour that takes you to Harrah's and the Rio. The do not have a restaurant but the do have a Cafe' for snacks and breakfast and lunch, but you do have a full kitchen in your room and isn't that why you came here to be able to cook your own meals. So don't be lazy, get out there go to the many grocery stores nearby, buy some groceries and cook your own meals, you will save hundred's of dollars and you can eat whenever you wan't!! The place is just gorgeous, the rooms are beauiful and spacious and this is coming from two people who are very paricular about there accomodations, as we have stayed in many timeshares across the U.S.A and this one is one of the best we have stayed at. Try it you won't be disappointed. We even took the timeshare presentation, all you have to do is say no, just smile and act interested and when it is time just say NO!! We recieved a lot of goodies for our time as we where only there for mayber 45 minutes and we got 50.00 cash, and show tickets for 4 to two different shows, and the show tickets were worth 30.00 each so we made out very well and the shows were great. Take it from us this review is worth noting as i read a lot of these reviews before we left on our trip and i could not believe that there would be any negative reviews for this place, granted this was our experience and others may have had some problems with staff, or were upset that there was no real fancy restaurant, or it was to far to walk to the strip, but ours was an experience of a life time!!	
Aug 25 2005	Nice but would rather stay on the strip	I will start off my review by saying that, if you're coming to Vegas with kids, this would be the perfect place to stay. It's a non-gaming hotel with plenty of activities for the kids. If you're like my fiance and myself, then it's a bit of a give and take. We got in early (9am) and were told we'd have to come back at 2pm. Not a big deal, you're in Vegas with plenty to do so we went out. We came back at 2pm and were checked in only to find our room wasn't quite finished with the cleaning process. The pull out was out and unmade, towels in the middle of the floor and bottles of cleaner everywhere. We dealt with it and really did enjoy the room, especially the garden tub and seperate shower. Very nice. The computer says it has wireless internet, but only in certain rooms. Why in the world you wouldn't go the extra mile to make sure it's available in all is beyond me. They also talk about a &quot;kids&quot; and &quot;adult&quot; pool, but while we were there families were in both pools with kids of all ages. We were going to stay at MGM but chose Fairfield because we got a better price. That was a mistake. We ended up paying the difference first in cab fairs because we grew tired of waiting on shuttles just to go to Harrah's to then take the monorail and then in rental car costs as we got tired of taking cabs. I would give anything to do it again and stay at the MGM. Again, if you're going with a family, not a bad place to stay. But the larger question is, why would you take your family to Vegas??	
Aug 17 2005	Underwhelming	We stayed at the Fairfield resort last weekend for three nights, and the experience was underwhelming. There were four of us in a two bedroom suite. Check in went simply, and the suite was certainly adequate. Pluses include the availability of wireless Internet in rooms; minuses on that score are that Internet in rooms is not free...though there is free Internet for adults in the Activity Center. This is a poor resort to come to without a car, as the shuttle goes only to Harrahs or the Rio (it would be SO helpful if it were to stop at a shopping area going to/from). There is no real restaurant on site, only a poor snack bar-style place that has a limited menu. Tip: down the street toward the Hard Rock, on your right, you'll pass a cruddy apartment complex and then hit a nicer resort with an electrified display sign facing the street. This place has a decent hotel restaurant with reasonable and copious breakfasts and lunches and is walking distance. The concierge at the Fairfield will not tell you about it, though. Anotther drawback is a lack of electrical plugs around the hotel. If you hope to hook up your laptop at poolside, forget it. The two pools are nice, and it's good that there are different ones for kids and adults. Hot tub was a good temperature. Activity Center had lots of stuff for kids to do, including games, pool tables, and Xbox games for free. For the price, though, you probably can do better than the Fairfield experience.	
Jul 9 2005	Great for Families	We stayed for four nights in July 2005. This was our first timeshare stay. We are not owners, but rented from an owner at the rate of $90 a night. We weren't required to attend a &quot;presentation,&quot; thank goodness. One of those in a lifetime is more than enough for anyone!We had a two bedroom deluxe room. It included a full kitchen with all (and I mean all) accoutrements, a dining area that could comfortably seat 6, and a living area with pull-out couch, 2 chairs, coffee table, side table, and entertainment armoire with tv, vcr and boombox. There was a full bath between the dining area and first bedroom. This bedroom had two full beds, nightstand, dresser, closet and tv. The master bedroom had a king bed, dresser, nightstand, tv, closet and safe. The master bath was just about the size of the bedroom, and had a jacuzzi tub, shower, and washer/dryer combo. The only thing I didn't like about the bathroom was that the doorway and open area above the jacuzzi opened into the bedroom, and there were no doors or ways to maintain privacy. The toilet area did have a door, but if you wanted to get up early and take a shower, there was no way to block the noise or the light from someone who wanted to sleep.Although our room was a &quot;deluxe,&quot; it was not as plush as the photos shown on the Fairfield website.The front desk was helpful at checkin. I talked to the concierges three times and they were only helpful once, when I asked them for specific directions on how to find a Target store. They were pretty useless when asked open-ended questions, which was rather surprising. This place is GREAT for kids. There are two large pools--one for 18 and over, which is really warm, and the family pool, which is cold. Go figure. Both pools are only 4-1/2&quot; feet at their deepest point, which is great for volleyball and water polo. The family pool is wonderful, because it's like being at the beach--it's at a very slight incline, so our three year old could wade about 15 feet out and still have her head above the water. There are plenty of noodles, rings and other pool toys. There's also a &quot;water activity area&quot; for kids, which is a gated area on a sport-court surface. It has several statues--frogs, fish, large balls--which squirt water. Press a button, and you get about 3 minutes of water play. The water here was freezing, but the kids loved it. There are activities all day long. Sign up early, because spaces were very limited. Our favorite was the Wednesday pool party--a DJ was out at the pool from 1-3, along with a clown making balloon animals for the kids, lots of games, and free snow cones and margaritas.The property has a free shuttle which goes to Harrah's. From there, you can then catch a shuttle to the Rio. We took the monorail and weren't impressed. It was a lot of walking to get to the monorail stations, which tend to be in the rear of these enormous casinos. The Fairfield is about 2 blocks from the Hard Rock, and about 4 long blocks from the MGM. I would walk to the MGM at night, although not in the day in the Vegas heat. I never saw taxis waiting at the Fairfield, so you would have to wait while the staff called one.The property advertises a restaurant--heh. Not quite. It's more like a snack bar at Target. Frozen pizza, wilted salads with iceberg lettuce, prepackaged breakfast rolls, and of course overpriced. The front desk advised that I could grocery shop at the onsite store, but the extent of the groceries seemed to be bread and strawberry jam. Never fear, there is a Von's a few miles away and the shuttle makes grocery store excursions in the morning. I would stay here again, but only with kids. I can't think of a better place to stay in Vegas if you're travelling with kids. There's lots for them to do, and you're less likely to empty your pockets entertaining the kids than if you're on the Strip. That being said, on an adult-only excursion, it's the Strip for me.	
Jul 6 2005	Wonderful vacation	Our family of four (13 &amp; 8yr old) stayed with my husband's parents in a 2-bedroom. It was our first time in Vegas. The place was beautiful, and the pool and spas were wonderful after a long day on the strip. There was also an activity room that the kids enjoyed. The only complaint would be that the shuttle to Harrah's only runs outbound till about 9:30pm! Inbound it runs till midnight.We would highly recommend Toto's Mexican restuarant on Tropicana Ave., just a 10 minute drive away.	
Jun 25 2005	Amazing Vacation	We've stayed in the resort for an entire week and never had enough of it. The service was just great starting from the front desk (i.e., Mila and Ron), and all the rest of the crew. We are already looking forward for the next time to stay in the best place off the strip in Vegas!	
Jun 20 2005	Vegas quiet side	We've just returned from a week stay at the Grand Desert in Las Vegas. We used the condo as our resting place, a quiet spot to build up enough energy to go back to the strip. It was a real luxury to not battle the smoke, noise and crowds every wakening moment in Vegas. The Grand Desert's pool area was beautiful and open all day &amp; night (although, I do question their purchase of dark plastic pool furniture). Our condo had extra's like a jacuzzi &amp; washer/dryer and the whole facility was extremely nice! There was a workout room, activity room, and daily events including water volleyball (winners get free beer), wine &amp; cheese party w/live music, etc. My son loved the workout room and the pickup basketball. Also, I do not own a timeshare and I was never pressured to go to a timeshare presentation.. I simply said no when we checked in and they never mentioned it again. We had such a great stay.	
Jun 7 2005	Very Salesy even for a timeshare. Not worthy of the "Resort" title	There are a few things that you expect at a resort that this place was lacking. The first is a full service restaurant. At a resort, You should never have to leave if you don't want to. There was a snack bar that served mediocre breakfast and lunch, but most of the time you couldn't get a seat because there were employees taking breaks at most of the tables. Isn't there an employee break room? Also, all of the sales rooms (it is a timeshare) &amp; employee conference rooms are on the main levels where the pool/gym/spa is located. So to get anywhere, you have to walk past all of the people in suits who don't give you the time of day because you aren't in a meeting trying to upgrade your timeshare! Put these rooms on the top floors, or in a separate area that guests don't have to constantly walk by.the other thing that was missing was the feeling of being pampered. With all of the staff always around, none went out of their way to make the stay special. The pool area was not kept clean, there were cigarettes on the ground that stayed there for hours. There was no maid service. Once a week someone comes in, makes your bed (no new sheets) and gives you new towels.Don't expect to see the strip from the pool as in the pictures. They have since put up other buildings to completely enclose the pools, limiting the amount of sunlight that the &quot;family pool&quot; got. Yes there is a family pool and an adult pool, although aparently if you are 15 and smoke cigarettes you are considered an adult in Vegas.Another complaint about the pool area is the lounge chairs. It is Vegas, and they have dark green solid plastic chairs that they leave in the sun until you decide to sit on one. The chairs at the resorts on the strip were made of cloth or straps that did not get scorching hot by 10AM.I know it is a time share, and you can expect the &quot;hard sell&quot; to buy another one, or upgrade, or whatever, and we fully expected that going in, but we didn't expect a call at 8:45 AM, a flyer under the door and a reminder on the doorknob our first morning there when we didn't check in until after midnight.We bought tickets to Ka from the concierge, only to find out that someone else also had tickets for the show in our seats that night. Luckily the show was not sold out, and we were still able to see the show, albeit from seats several rows behind the first row of the mezzanine that we purchased.The best part about this hotel by far was the room, which was a huge 1BR suite with a full kitchen, dining area and a whirpool tub separate from the rest of the bathroom. If it were not for the gorgeous room, I would have probably given this resort a 1. My only complaint about the room was that in the bedroom they had a tiny TV in an armoire that could have easily fit a 27 inch one, but there was a bigger TV and nice stereo in the living room.The shuttle to and from the stip was also convenient, but who wants to have to catch the last shuttle at 12:30 AM? Its Vegas Baby! Make another run around 2:30!Perhaps they treat their hotel guests differently from their timeshare guests (which in itself is bad business), but if not, there are much friendlier places on and off the strip (the carriage house for example) to spend your money if you are getting a hotel room.	
May 30 2005	Very Nice	We stayed here May 13 and 14 2005. The time share resort was beautiful. We used the free shuttle service to Harrahs and the Rio which was very convienent. In Vegas the only time we stayed in our room was for sleeping. The room was nice. I recommend getting a pass for the monorail system that services hotels from MGM Grand to the Sahara and costs 1/3 of the price if traveling by taxi. There is a monorail station at Harrahs to purchase passes. We enjoyed our stay.	
May 29 2005	Fantastic Accommodation located just off the Strip	This was our first visit to Las Vegas and we weren't quite sure whether to stay on the Strip or off the Strip. We couldn't have made a better choice than the Fairfield Grand Resort. We arrived at the hotel at 8pm in the evening after a very long flight from Edinburgh in Scotland and the staff could not have been more accommodating and we were shown to our room within a matter of 10 minutes. We were given a two bedroomed suite after only expecting a one bedroomed suite. The suite itself had everything you could possibly want with lovely decor, a jacuzzi bath, fully fitted kitchen and luxurious fittings. The Fairfield Grand Resort is about two blocks away from the Strip, but this didn't cause us any problems at all - we enjoyed the walk and also, on occasion, used the free bus which ran on a regular basis. We would recommend this place to anyone and thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Las Vegas.	
May 11 2005	Best Value for your money - Luxury	From the moment we checked in until our departure, the accommodations were out of this world. The location to the strip is perfect (2 blocks). The staff is friendly and helpful in every way. Our suite (three bedrooms) was stunning. We had everything we needed. Relaxing in the hot tubs at the end of the day was the perfect ending to an event filled day. We will be back.	
Apr 29 2005	Fun time in vegas	We have deen to las vegas twice in the last two years. We stayed at the imperial palace one time and at the fairfield grand desert resort one time.We have a time share at the grand desort. The staff assisted us in many ways when making plans for our week stay.Transpertation was furnished to and from the strip.It is a fabulous place to stay if you want to be off the strip. imperial palace is a good place to stay on the strip, located on the center of the srip makes it very easy to get around, and the staff at the imperial are helpful and will show you a good time.We are planning to make another trip to las vegas the week of aug.23 2005 for are 42nd. anniversary.Havent deside if we will stay at the granr desort or on the strip.	
Apr 29 2005	great stay beware the sales driods	We did a 3 night stay (thu-sun am). Room was very nice/quiet, not much of a view, but not a big deal. Nice pool area with a kids pool and an adult pool. Really a very nice property with excellant staff. Only a snack bar on site. Shuttles to Harrahs and then shuttle to Rio if you want (Rio has the best Buffet!). Good to get off strip to decompress. Beware the timeshare sales droids! In the end, spending an hour in their grip was NOT worth whatever little &quot;prize&quot; they offered. They should use these guys to sweat terrorists in Iraq. I've seen most of their standard pitches, but these guys redefine &quot;high pressure&quot;, they even double teamed us!Go during the mid-week to avoid the crowds. The place must double on the weekends. The airport is a zoo on Sunday morning so give yourself a least 2 hours to get through the lines. Figure $8-10 to taxi to the strip, the better part of a $20 to the airport. Fremont street didn't do much for me, but my 19yr son liked it.I give it 4/5 but only because there are better (and more expensive) rooms in the area. We were quite happy.	
Apr 24 2005	Loved the Grand Desert	Travelling with two toddlers can be a hassle, but with a game room that has a hockey table, pool table, arcade in the hotel, a full activities center, two pools, a shuttle to the strip, life was much easier than staying in a casino. You can go there and then come back to peace and quiet.	
Apr 21 2005	Wonderful hotel off the strip	Fairfield Grand Desert would be an excellent choice for those who visit Las Vegas..It has no casino but offers a free shuttle to both the Rio and Harrah's hotel and casinoes in which Fairfield is an associate partner with...It has no full service restaurant but each room has a kitchen complete with cooking/dinner ware..The rooms are specious including the one bedroom rooms in which my wife and myself happened to stay in...The location is wonderful for those who wish to escape the constant noise of the Las Vegas Strip, but it is close enough to the strip to either drive (two blocks away from Aladdin/Paris....The hotel offers many activities for families including factory outlet shopping; an activities center for the children which has arcade games, x-box, books, and pool tables..The hotel has two pools, one for families and one for adults only along with three hot tubs/spas...The only negative part of the hotel was the pressure of going to the timeshare presentation, my wife and I did not choose to attend, but it was no different from walking on the strip or malls having timeshare salesmen try to talk to you if you give them eye contact..ANYWAYS, back to the hotel, overall this hotel fit our needs and was a wise choice and I will most likely choose to stay here when I return to Las Vegas	
Apr 13 2005	Great for families	Just got back from the Fairfield Grand desert resort. It is located between the strip and the Hard Rock cafe, behind the MGM. You can see it as you exit the carparking garages of the MGM and the Aladdin and there were always people walking back from the strip each time we returned. The apartments are as expected for the 5 pineapple ratings they give themselves! 2 bedroom deluxe has king bed and spa tub in master, 2 full beds and second bath and a sleeper sofa in the lounge area, 3 TV's, DVD player &amp; stereo, good kitchen and dining area. They have 2 pools, adult only and family and an activities room, which my kids didn't get time to check out. There is a full week itinery of activities and free shuttle to Harrahs and the Rio as well as a $5 shuttle to Fremont Street. They also run other trips too. It is very quiet despite being so near the airport, you can watch the planes take off and land as you wait for an elevator! It is a lovely place to stay, not sure if I would class it as a resort though, it is in the middle of a busy built up area after all so doesn't have much land to make it a proper resort. The front desk staff are very helpful and the only complaint we had was that the welcome breakfast is appalling. It starts at 10am on a Monday morning and the food and coffee was all gone by 10:15 !! We have stayed at RCI gold crown in Florida, where the welcome breakfast was restocked and there was complimentary coffee every morning, not just for 10 minutes on a Monday morning, so found Fairfield breakfast mediocre and the catering staff couldn't care less. It tainted the vacation experience for us- I put it on the suggestion card though, depends on if they actually read them. I would stay again as the accommodation is lovely and I would recommend it to others, I just wouldn't waste my time going to the compilmentary non-existent breakfast. If that improved they would get full marks from me too	
Apr 10 2005	Great Stay!!!	This place is great, especially for families. Garage is great with lots of parking, not crowded. The lobby wasn't full of people and you didn't have to wait long for an elevator. The room is breathtaking. We had a 2 bedroom deluxe. It has a full kitchen, living room, one bedroom with king and the other room with 2 doublebed. The master bathroom has a jaccuzzi with washing and drying machine. The suite is VERY spacious and relatively new. No one tried to sell a time share to us. Best bet is try to rent from someone who owns timeshare there ... We stayed there for the weekend during the March madness - total price $310.	
Apr 9 2005	great place	Just got back from 10 days in Las Vegas ,saw the sights,ate at some fantastic places,and we were very happy to come back each night to the Grand Desert.Our one-bedroom was very comfortable,great view of the pool .There were a couple of minor problems with the unit which were dealt with promptly.The staff,from the front desk to houskeeping ,were helpful and friendly. The kitchen was well-stocked with utensils ,cookware etc.(not that I did much cooking!) Loved having a washer-dryer,got to pack lightly and not have to do a mountain of laundry upon arriving home. Good location, took advantage of the shuttle and it was an easy walk to the strip. Yes we did walk at night ,we were careful (just as you would be in any city)and we didn't have any problems.	
Apr 3 2005	Excellent facilities--best place to go in Vegas in the summer!	We spent one week at Fairfield Grand Desert Resort in Las Vegas between July 22 and 29 of 2004. It was a wonderful time! It felt like you were at home, not a typical hotel. The suite we slept in was spacious and relaxing and I loved the kitchen. We bought food at a local grocery store on Tropicana Ave. in Vegas to fill up the refrigerator. It had the accomodations of home in that suite. This hotel gives the more flashier $600/700 a night hotels on the Strip on Las Vegas Boulevard a run for their money! For about $200 a night, this is a great deal and one of the best in Vegas to go to! I liked the computer room and game room on one of the upper floors, though we had a 30-minute limit to use them. I liked the McGregor restaurant on one other floor, that served a nice breakfast. I liked the gift shop, where I bought over 100 Las Vegas postcards, most of them different from the other. But I didn't like the pricy shirts at that shop. The swimming pools looked nice, though I didn't swim in it. This is another one of the high-class hotels in Vegas and I was fortunate to have spent a week in it! The staff was nice too. I recommend anyone to get reservations at this hotel!	
Mar 30 2005	A Nice Property	We checked in to the Fairfield Grand Desert Resort on Sunday March 20th for a three night stay in a 2 bedroom suite. We arrived late (7:30PM) and the only unit that was available was a smoking unit which we did NOT want. (Helpful tip #1 : Make sure you specify NON SMOKING when making reservations) The front desk could not put us anywhere else so we requested a move the next day. More on that later. (Helpful tip #2: This resort has 2 (soon to be 3) buildings so before you unload all your luggage from your car and check in at the main desk be sure you know which building you will be in.)Our first unit was on the 7th floor of the second building and while it did not smell like smoke it did have an awful &quot;someone left raw chicken in the disposal&quot; smell that was terrible. It also had a non-working dishwasher, missing drawers in the master bathroom, and missing throw pillows in the living room. The Fairfield maintenance staff came up to isolate the smell but could not. The put some deodorizer in the ventilation system which masked the smell pretty good so we were OK for the night. However, when we got back from touring Hoover Dam the next day the smell was back. The front desk was very accomodating and moved us to a 4th floor suite in the same building that afternoon. They claimed the could not smell anything but the maintenance guy the night before said he could smell it coming down the hall.(Helpful hint #3 - The hallways in these buildings are LONG. Be prepared for a hike to your room. Also you can have a lousy view or a spectacular view from your unit so be sure to ask what your room overlooks.)Our second suite was just awesome (because it did not smell) and had all the comforts of home. TV's in every room, nice spacious bathrooms, and everything that was missing from our first suite was there. It also overlooked the pool area. Very nice.This resort has a lot of amenities, shuttle service, guest activities, etc. It is a pretty healthy walk to the strip and there is a lot of construction going on between the strip and the property so be careful. You can walk to the Hard Rock Hotel but I wouldn't want to walk back at night.Overall this is a nice resort and a great family place located not too far off the craziness of the LV Strip.	
Mar 21 2005	RCI members beware!	You will be asked if you want to update your RCI membership and do a computerized review of the resort. It is a lie! They will try to get you to abandon RCI in favor of Fairfield points. The sales pitch is well rehearsed, but the buttom line is it will cost you more than $15,000 to do so. Of course you will be buying another timeshare in Vegas in the process, but getting a deed to &quot;a&quot; Las Vegas property, not necessarily the Grand Desert. When we said no, they asked us to wait while they got our free gift. That's when another agent stepped in and tried to sell us just points to use at Fairfields for more than $3300. When we again said no, the agent got so red faced in anger, we were concerned for his health.The unit was okay. There were some problems - the entry door was very difficult and noisy to open, the shower head in the guest bath malfunctioned, and the hot water ran out by 10:30 AM. I must give credit to the resort for sending a repairman to fix the shower and entry door the very day we brought these items to their attention. Also the mattress on the sofa bed is so thin, it is suitable for only a small child. One of our guests was injured by a piece of plastic with long staples within the sheets on a bed.Otherwise, the location is great.	
Mar 17 2005	Tops	This is a Gold Crown (top-rated) timeshare resort that features luxury condos rather than simply hotel rooms. It is located about 1 1/2 blocks from the central part of the strip. The resort runs a free shuttle to the strip every 20 minutes (Las Vegas blocks are extremely long). For those interested in staying in a non-casino atmosphere, Fairfield Grand Desert Resort is a first rate choice.	
Mar 15 2005	Fairfield Grand Desert Resort is a Model of Excellence	As a retired military couple with 56 combined years of service, I can honestly say that our experience with the Fairfield Grand Desert Resort in Las Vegas was absolutely wonderful. We received at no cost through their marketing division, accomodations for a 1 BR for two days and three nights from 8 - 10 March, 2005. The facility was absolutely perfect, with superior service and cleanliness. If you are looking for an organization that strives for excellence in serving customers, military affiliated or not, this is the place. We had a wonderful mini-vacation and I can honestly say that it was one of the best places we've ever stayed. Although we did not purchase a time share, we are considering it based on the impression left by this visit. The sells staff (Linda &amp; Jon) were very nice and did not over pressure us into buying a timeshare during their 90-120 min sells pitch session. Whether we buy a time share in the future or not, we will certainly consider renting available space for future vacations at a Fairfield Resort over available hotels in any area of the world we may visit if available. Thanks Fairfield, Sincerely,Mitch &amp; Cindy Stewart, Watertown, NY	
Mar 2 2005	Not bad for a free gift...	When it comes to time shares, I'm always skeptical. When it comes to Las Vegas hotels, &quot;just off the strip&quot;, I'm scared! Luckily the first impression I got as me and my wife approached the Fairfield was that of relief. The &quot;resort&quot; looked clean and well maintained from the outside.Check-in was a breeze, though the &quot;orientation&quot; meeting that they &quot;required&quot; us to attend sent up a few red flags. We were there, afterall, as a gift from family, so we didn't feel the need to spend money and become a member. Thus, we decided to ditch the orientation and never went... no consequences for our act of rebellion!As for the room:The good:1. Looked and smelled clean.2. Loved the washer and dryer in the room (w/free Tide) ++3. Cooled off with Air Conditioning within a minute or two.4. Easy access to our parking.5. Lots of bath towels, including full-sized bath sheets.The bad:1. Tired look and feel to the room. It felt like I was in the 90s.2. Bathroom was a bit too small for two people.3. The ---- blinking smoke detector light hanging above the bed!4. The view of the slums and airport from both of our windows.5. No turn-down service. (I know...timeshare).The ugly:1. The worst mattress ever! Flat and hard; gave me a knot in the middle of my back.2. What's with the kid-sized pillows?!?On a positive note, the bell service was extremely kind in arranging us a free VIP limo ride (usually only available to VIP members)! The limo driver was an excellent guide explaining all of the recent developments in LV. Thank you M &amp; L!Derek S.Irvine, CA - Tripped on 02/26 - 02/28/2005	
Feb 15 2005	Loved it!	I've stayed at the Fairfield twice already and each time, it was a pleasure. The rooms are very clean and nicely decorated. They have a very large pool and more than one jacuzzi. The weight room is small but does the job if you're more interested in doing cardio.The staff was very friendly and the hotel is close to the strip. They even offer shuttle rides down to the strip. I recommend the facility especially for families. I'm not sure if you need to be a timeshare/points customer or member but they have a great game room for the kids and special free classes like yoga and in-room facial and makeup tips.-Qui	
Feb 14 2005	Nice place but beware ...	My friends and I have stayed at the FF Grand Desert 3 times, the last being in January 2005. The place is nearly brand new, and we have always booked large suites for a group. We love the convenient shuttles to Harrah's that come like every 10 minutes. The previous 2 trips were fine, but we had something bad happen that ruined our last visit.We arrived before we were able to check in, and left our bags at the bell station so we could shuttle to the Strip and get going. Well, my one friend had left a large (to us anyway) sum of cash in his bag. Actually, in a small bag within his bag. We returned that night, retrieved our bags, and he discovered he had been robbed.I know many readers will react with &quot;that was a dumb thing to do&quot;. But that's kind of blaming the victim and it doesn't change the fact there is a thief with access to the bell station area. Someone had enough time to search through his bag open a smaller bag and take his cash. If you go to this place, use extra care with your money and valuables everywhere in the hotel and especially the bell station.	
Feb 8 2005	PLANNING A TRIP BACK AS I TYPE....	This review is a long time in writing-we went LAST August (2004), but I forgot to write this review, and remembered as I was on the computer planning another trip to the Fairfield Grand Desert Resort. My fiance and I went to Vegas for ten days last August and stayed here the entire time. It was fantastic. We purchased the room on a vacation auction website for $175 for the entire ten days!!! I think it was a promotional offer to get us there, as this IS a time share. But the presentation only lasts as long as you allow it to-and ours lasted about 30 minutes and we received $50 for it as well. I think one reason we enjoyed this place so much was because this was a steal. Most decent, nice places in Vegas you can barely get for $175 a NIGHT! So we felt really good as we laid by the pool everday knowing we actually got a &quot;deal&quot; and not feeling &quot;stressed&quot; about how much money we were spending. We had a one bedroom suite-full kitchen, living room, jacuzzi tub and shower (the place even included a full size washing maching and dryer, which was great since we were there for 10 days). I am somewhat of a prima-donna and am very particular about things, even down to how the comforter looks, so I was rather leary of this place (you never know what you are going to get). My expectations were far exceeded. OK, so it is not the Bellagio, but it is wonderful! The room looked extremely new and modern. And it was actually really nice not having a casino there-it gave it more of a relaxed, vacation feel, and then when you wanted the loudness and chaos of the casinos, they were just a shuttle ride away. Really, the resort is minutes away from the strip-and yes, they have the free shuttle. And there are not as many people as there would be at one of the larger casino hotels. It was the perfect amount of people. And each day they would have something going on around one of the two pools in the late afternoon-wine tastings, beer and hot dogs, raffles, etc (all free of charge). It was a nice added bonus. They have a snack shop on premises, and we bought a cooler and would fill up the cooler before we went to the pool with pop, beer, and munchies. We rented a car while we were here, so a few times we took day trips out of town (Hoover Dam, Death Valley) and the concierge was very helpful in this. It was just really, really nice. As we are two graduate students and our budget is tight, but are used to a different lifetstyle (before grad school LOL) we were concerned where we would end up having to stay because of our budget (and let me tell you, I would rather not go someplace than have to stay some place icky-I told you I was a little bit of a diva). So we were THRILLED with this place-if you can find a deal somewhere for it..... We liked it so much, we actually talked about somehow being able to purchase a timeshare here. But duh-we are graduate students-someday.......	
Jan 27 2005	Great Time - It's Good to Be VIP	I had a blast at this resort, I did not have any problems with long lines at check in or rude staff. We stayed in a 4 bedroom Presidental Suite. Very Nice! We are VIP Owners so didn't have any problems. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 26 2005	Wonderful!	We stayed here the week of Jan 16-23 and it was fantastic! We had a 2 bedroom presidental suite and it was A++ all the way around. They have 2 large pools, one for families and one for adults only, 3 hot tubs, a beautifully manicured and upkept landscape.This is a resort hotel, and had no casino on site, so you didn't feel the hustle and bustle of las Vegas, it was a wonderful escape from the strip and the casinos. With a regular shuttle bus to Harrahs on the strip you really didn't need a car to get around.The concierge staff (available to anyone staying there) had access to discount show tickets and were VERY helpful and friendly regarding the sales and deals going on around town.This property IS a timeshare property so be prepared to get the sales pitch, however, if you aren't interested, just don't go to the presentations. They are non-pushy and will leave you alone if you don't give them the window to sell you one of them ;)All in all, we can't wait to get back to this resort, we will definitely stay again!!!	
Jan 22 2005 	was insulted by staff	I styaed here last week and it was terrible. The staff that gave me a presentation of the resort were very rude and insulting that I didn't buy from them. The resort is nothing special and I will never stay here again even though it only cost me 150 to exchange with rci. As i wasn't a fairfield owner they treated me as second class and I never recieved housekeeping the whole week I was there. There response was I wasn;t on the list refering to fairfield vips? There are so many great places to stay in vegas don;t waste your time with this place.	
Jan 19 2005	Great Place	Stayed in a 2 bedroom with a few friends that I booked on the internet. We all had a great time and enjoyed the room. The room was really clean and had a lot to offer from the 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, living room, dining room and kitchen. Everything was fully stocked. Pools and the hot tubs were open in January and very nice to get to use after a long walk on the strip. The resort is fairly close to the strip. Would stay here again.	
Dec 30 2004	Not just because it's Vegas!!	Our Adult family of 6 spent 4 nights the week before Christmas in a 3 bedroom. It was wonderful. We could easily accomadate at least 2-4 more.  We made breakfast in the mornings in the fully equipped kitchen. There was a little basket of coffee etc. for the first morning if you didn't bring your own. Nothing was lacking. It was great getting up and starting a pot of coffee and not having to hurry to get to breakfast. There is a small fastfood type resturant where you can get breakfast and sandwiches but we didn't use it.  There was ample dishwasher, and liquid soap for a longer stay-- even enough laundry detergent for a couple loads if you choose to do that. Everything was very neat and clean. Bathrooms were very ample supplied with hand soap and plenty of towels. Large beach towels were available under the sinks in both bathrooms. One thing you do have to do is turn the ice maker on when you get there.   The front desk was wonderful. The six of us were arriving at different times from different places. The first 2 were permitted to check in early and they had keys waiting at the desk for the rest of us.  It was too chilly for us to use the pools or the hot tubs. There were some people using them-- both pools were heated. We were on the 14th floor on the outside of the entrance building. We could see the lights of the strip and even see part of the fountains at Bellagio when they would go off. Every window had a great view. Our windows were at different angles in each room so you got the whole view of the strip.  We can't wait to go back --not just because it is Las Vegas but it was a great place to stay!!	
Dec 27 2004	Had a great time	I just finished a week stay in a two bedroom room at the Fairfield Grand Desert Resort. I visited with my family, and we all had a great time. The hotel appeared new, and is about a fifteen minute straight walk from the strip (better with a cab at night). There is a shuttle that goes only to Harrah's, which is convenient when it's operating, but is limited in where it goes and the hours that it operates (it ends at 10pm). The faciliites were clean, the staff was courteous and helpful. At one point during our stay the toilet would not stop running; we had it fixed within hours. In addition, we ran out of diswashing detergent and needed more towels, which were requests that were accomodated immediately. There were 7 of us overall, and we were able to fit in the unit without concerns (a 2 bedroom). I would recommend this to anyone.	
Dec 5 2004	Great for the Family	We live in Orange County, CA and have been to Las Vegas more times than we can remember. We love the big hotels on the Strip, but it seems almost impossible to get a bargain over a weekend. Long story short, we just spent the weekend at the Grand Desert Resort and loved it. We took the kids with us and reserved a two bedroomed suite, so much more practical for a family than cramping into a regular hotel room. There were 3 TV's in the suite, so no arguments as who got to watch what, and we made breakfast each morning, saving not just money, but time.This resort would have got my 5 star seal of appoval, if it had not been for the attitude of the check in staff and concierge. I've read the other reviews and this seems to be an ongoing issue - don't let it stop you from staying here though - an excellent all round option for familys.	
Dec 5 2004	Nice off-the-strip Hotel	This hotel was very nice - the linens were clean - the kitchen/family room was great - and the amenities are excellent too!I didn't care for the bathroom - there were only 2 towels and no shampoo provided. It was like an old bathroom when the rest of the rooms were like brand new - couldn't figure that out. But it was a nice hotel and definitely nice to sleep in a comfy bed. There is a shuttle that takes you down to the strip - although it's not geared for late night gamblers...as the last shuttle was 10:20 pickup time. We didn't use the pool although it looks gorgeous. It is fairly close to the Hard Rock for food/gambling - but next time I'll probably stay on the strip to make it easier to gamble.	
Nov 9 2004	Family Friendly Fairfield	Great place for families!!! We had a 2 bedroom suite and it was fantastic. The kids had their own room and separate beds. They specifically asked me for a bedroom because they were tired of sleeping on pull out sofa beds. The master bedroom had a TV, king sized bed, jacuzzi and stall shower. One drawback was the towels were scratchy. So bring your own Bounce dryer sheets for the washing machine! YES! there is a small washer/dryer in the room with complimentary Tide. Pack light. The living room has a TV, sofa, 2 chairs. DIning area has seating for at least 8. Full kitchen with all the pots and pans you could need. THere was even a measuring cup and measuring spoons!! As if I would feel like baking a cake on vacation??? The property is fairly new. There is another tower being build and the was no construction noise. If you can, ask for an outside room. Our room faced the pool area and we could see into the rooms across from us. They also have no sheer curtains. So close the curtains before you take your shower. The stall showers have see through glass. Check in was quick and painless. The staff was courteous and very pleasant. No one asked me if I wanted to buy a time share or even if I wanted to tour the property and listen to the sales pitch. Thank goodness. The concierge desk was helpful at best. When I asked for a good place to get a haircut the gave me a brochure to a place that they recommend. I guess they have a deal with this beauty salon because they have a pile of brochures on the desk. When I said that I wanted to go to a salons at one of the better casinos, they had no idea who to go to. (I got a great haircut at the Palms) Dinner was the same problem. When I asked for a recommendation for dinner, they gave me brochure for a buffet that I could buy tickets thru the concierge desk. But no one had a personal opinion for me. So I will give you my personal opinion. If you rent a car-which I also recommend, go to Carluccio's. Its a great Italian restaurant next to the Liberace Museum. We went there once 8 years ago and its still there and still excellent. Here's proof--It was a Sunday night, cold, pouring rain, and the place was packed!!! Locals eat there so its good.I strongly suggest renting a car. Fairfield Grand does have a shuttle to the strip but its only to Harrahs. If you want to go to the Bellagio or MGM, you have to find your way there from Harrahs. The infamous Monorail is not running yet. But driving on the strip is not that different from driving in NYC. Same traffic, same wackie taxi drivers. You can get around very easily if you take the back streets. Parking is free and very easy. Trust me--I'm a squeamish soccer mom and I ACTUALLY drive the Las Vegas Strip myself!The Hard Rock Hotel is an easy 3 block walk. The Aladdin and Paris are a 5 minute drive. The self parking for those hotels are close. I dont recommend walking to those hotels from Fairfield Grand because there is a lot of construction going on around there and if you walk, you have to walk through the entire huge parking structure, thru the casino, etc. If you drive, at least you can park close to the entrance. If you take the shuttle to Harrah's, walk next door to the Imperial Palace. Its not fancy like Paris or the Venetian. But if you want to gamble, not be a tourist, go here-it's fun. Not only are the table minimums low ($3 craps!) but some of the dealers are &quot;dealertainers&quot; they are dressed like Rod Stewart, Ricky Martin and the Blues Brothers. After they finish their shift at the tables, they get up and lip synch while you're throwing the dice!!I would definately stay at Fairfield Grand again. Even though there was no real restaurant on the property, there is a snack bar and you have the kitchen. The price is great and the property is clean. You get a lot for you money.	
Nov 8 2004	Home away from home	I went to Vegas in early October with my parents, my brother and his family (with two small children under 5), and we stayed at the Fairfield -- it was the ideal place for such a large and varied group!We had a two-room suite, which suited us very well. We made good use of the kitchen (fully equipped with dishes, cutlery, pots and pans) and laundry facilities. We were quite comfortable, and very impressed with how clean everything was.The kids loved the the suite and the pool. One of them even wished he could live there for a year!I thought the price was quite reasonable for what we got. There was even an offer equivalent to a 25% discount around the time that we went.I think the savings at the Fairfield (compared to hotels in the area) come from the location (it's two blocks from the Strip) and the fact that the suite doesn't include the little extras that you might get in a hotel (e.g., toiletries, in-room bar, room service). Also, the resort has no restaurant or bar, so bring your own food and beverages, or eat out. There is a small cafeteria, but it has a limited selection and limited hours of operation.	
Oct 31 2004	If you love Vegas but tired of crowds on strip	Grand Desert is at a very good location. Its very easy to get anywhere in Vegas from there. Most of the time you don't have to get on the strip unless where necessary. Parking is great because you can take elevator straight to your room. Try that on the strip. I bought my 5 night stay on ebay for a fraction of what the rooms cost on hotel websites. I got a 2 bedroom, around 1200 sq ft. 1. master bedroom(king) with a jacuzzi tub and sep shower. 2. 2nd bedroom had 2 doubles and another bathroom. 3. Sofa pull out, place easily fit 8 people. The place had everything you need Washer, dryer, dishwasher, fridge, stove, pots and pans etc....They try to get you to look at timeshare option, but just ignore them. Its much cheaper to rent. My 5 night stay cost $699.00 total on ebay. On a hotel website it would have been around $1200 for thurs-Sun alone. IF your a owner its even more. Some people are just born suckers.	
Oct 28 2004	The owner is king and the renter is the pauper	The suite was great. We got upgraded to a 2 bedroom which was a nice suprise.Check in was slow and the staff were not dazzling. The receptionist had to rearrange our room as we stayed 8 nights and we were going to have to change rooms halfway throught the stay!!! Obtaining a car park pass from the concierge was a real chore, we waited ages to be seen and we couldnt understand why the issued car park passes. Rule of thumb seems to be if you are an 'owner' you can do no wrong and will be treated like kings. If you are a renter you will notice a definate change in attitude of the staff. Staff will ask you if you are an owner at the start of most conversations. The suite if very well equiped. The kitchen has everything you could ever want. Curiously though the suite is equiped with a VCR and not DVD player. The business centre is a bonus with free internet access.Its very hit and miss with the pools. If the sun is shining on the pools then its great. If not it can actually get cold. The pools are shaded by the towers of rooms so direct sun is essential. Pools are definately not heated.There always seemed to be a long line of people waiting for taxis. There is a shuttle bus but we opted for a rental car which we think was a better option. I would use the hotel again and would recommend it.	
Oct 27 2004	nice resort	My husband and I spent 3 nights at this property. We are Fairfield owners but not at this particular property. We found the overall property very nice, grounds around the pool area kept very clean as well as the common areas of the resort. The &quot;adults only&quot; pool was one of the best features since we do not have children. The other pool was a gradual one also with a nice play section should you have children.We arrived at 1:00 p.m. and were told our room was not ready but to try back in an hour. We went to the pool and had some lunch which was average. Service at the snack bar was little below friendly. We returned to the desk at 2:15 and were able to go to our room. Bell service was readily available and parking did not seem to be an issue for us anyway. When we went to obtain our parking pass, we told them we were owners and were not interested in any timeshare presentations. No one bothered us for our entire stay.Our room was a 1 bedroom. Clean, but small, overlooking the pool. How much time do you spend in your room anyway in Vegas???? We took the shuttle to the strip most times, except for the one evening we had scheduled dinner reservations. We found staff very quick and helpful in providing this service also. The shuttle is quick and we found that the ride back at 10 p.m. was pretty fun depending on the driver.We had one small problem with a broken iron. Requested a new one, but it never arrived in time for us to leave. Oh well, your on vacation. Stick your item in the dryer and deal with it!Overall we enjoyed this property and if we were back in Vegas we would stay here again. I do have to say being an owner makes staying here much more desirable. Would I pay a few hundred bucks a night for this property, no. I would prefer a hotel directly on the strip.	
Oct 26 2004	A Perfect 10	This was just the perfect place all around!It was like having your own apt. fully stocked and ready to go! I will never stay in a Hotel in Vegas! This is a timeshare but were never bothered about buying into it! Kinda wish we were asked. Very much enjoyed a week at the Fairfield Grand Desert Resort!	
Oct 25 2004 	Some good some not so good	I knew this was a timeshare so that was no surprise. We arrived exhausted at 8:30 PM and were given a &quot;non smoking&quot; 1 bedroom that reeked of tobacco smoke and the bathroom door was locked from the inside. We had reserved a non smoking room weeks before and when we hauled all our stuff back to the desk to be moved to another room we were told that the place was full. After a wait while they searched for something we were put into a handicapped unit which was fine; at least it didn't smell strongly of smoke and the shower was huge! Be aware that you'll get no free soaps, shampoos, lotions or blow dryer here so bring your own. The washer and dryer are wonderful to have though.The unit was clean and the kitchen was well equipped. Except for the bathroom the rooms are quite small and and I'm not sure a person in a wheelchair could have maneuvered around them very well. We had a pool view which was very nice but it was a long hike from the car to the room, not a problem for us but could be for someone with physical limitations. If I were to bring the kids I'd stay here again in a 2 bedroom unit but not for just my husband and myself.	
Oct 24 2004	A few caveats if you are looking for a hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights recently. Booked it from a corporate hotel booking engine and had no idea that this was not a hotel but a timeshare. Not a bad place to stay but there are a few things one should know if you are looking for a hotel and you are not one of the timeshare owners.1. The check-in procedure is the worst feature of this resort. First, you cannot check in before 4PM. They will not let you even if there is no one waiting to check-in. Only &quot;VIP&quot;s (whoever they are) are allowed to check-in earlier. There aren't any signs about this so you may wait in line for a very long time before you find out. And then at 4PM, everyone that has been waiting converges and lines up so it can get very busy and require 30 min or longer for check-in. If you have a car, you need to go to other side of the hall after check-in and stand in line again to get the free car pass that you place on the dashboard. This desk is also the concierge desk so you may wait in line while people have a long chat about what they want to do fo the next 5 days of their stay. Bottom line, either arrive late or drop your baggage and come back late to check-in. Don't plan for a short check-in unless you are lucky.2. The hotel does not provide a receipt at the end of the stay. Whoever booked it for you is expected to provide the receipt. Something to keep in mind if you are expensing it.3. It appears that the renting as a &quot;hotel&quot; is a better deal than buying a share. When I talked about my stay to a friend that has a share here, he was livid. He pays roughly $2000/year and gets a week of stay every two years. I stayed here for 3 nights for less than $450. It appears that many &quot;owners&quot; are not aware of this &quot;hotel-renting&quot; business and would not have bought in if they knew.4. The rooms are nice and comfortable. There are barebones bathroom amenities so you may want to drop by the store at the end of the block to stock up.5. The towels are replaced but not bed linen. You are expected to remove all trash and drop it in the trash chutes and wash the used cutlery and plates before you leave.6. The TV picture reception for most channels was awful some bordering on unwatchable.As long as you are aware of the above, it is not a bad place to stay. There is wireless high-speed internet available for a modest fee. Ask for a room facing the pools if you want coverage in your room.	
Oct 18 2004	Dosen't get any better	We stayed here August 13 - 19. I enjoyed every minute of my stay. The staff were very friendly. Also, the staff in the activity room was very helpful. The shuttle bus driver were so friendly that he told jokes. I can't say enough about how I enjoyed this place. I'm trying to book again this year, but it is so popular your chance is slim. I would always stay here if, I get the chance to. Nothing like staying at a resort compared to a hotel. Everything is nice on-site. Try it and see the difference.	
Oct 13 2004	Loved the Fairfield	This is a great place to stay. The rooms and grounds were immaculate. We booked this place knowing this was a non-gaming property. The snack bar is good food for the money too, Breakfast and lunch only though, no other place to eat onsite. The average price is 5.95 to 9.95. The local pizza place will deliver to your door too. The giftshop has everything a person would need. We arrived extremely early for check-in, we gave our bags to the bellman and hit the street. We did not rent a car, which saved a ton of our money. If you don't mind the walk 1/2 mile to a mile to the strip, save your money. We walked everywhere. If we got tired, we got a cab ride back, 8.00 max for 5 people too!!! The resort offers a shuttle to Freemont Street (Downtown) every night at 6pm for 5.00 per person. Sign up for that the day before. There is no alcohol onsite,which keeps the noise to a minimum. However, we went to the 7/11 and brought ours back to the fridge, get cans so you can take it to the pools. Don't overpack your bags....There is a washer and dryer in the room with complimentary Tide. There are hairdryers, irons, too. The best kept secret in the area is Ellis Island Casino and Brewery....LOVE IT!!!! Good CHEAP food, GREAT TABLES FOR BLACKJACK and $1.00 beers at the bar. Takes about a 5 to 10 minute walk from the resort. Just ask the Bellman for directions. We had to checkout at 11am, but our flight didn't leave until 10:50pm, so we just gave our bags to the Bellman and went out for more sightseeing and gambling.... I just can't say enough for the resort. We will be back...Got any questions about it......Email me....	
Oct 9 2004	NOT a hotel	This was sthe worst experience I've had with a &quot;hotel&quot;. I booked my reservation on lodging--- about three weeks in advance of my stay, the property was listed with other regular hotels. When I arrived on a busy Vegas weekend (there was a big fight and a Harley rally and everything in town was sold out), we waited in an enormous slow moving lobby line for over 30 minutes (after waiting 45 minutes for a cab at the airport). Finally someone came out and asked who in line was &quot;renting&quot;. Nobody came forward because we didn't know what they were talking about. A little while later they asked again and I inquired back &quot;What does that mean&quot;? Turns out this is NOT a hotel but a timeshare property that tries to get a few extra bucks back by &quot;renting&quot; excess capacity and gambling (in true Vegas style) that their owners won't show up. We were told that the timshare owners get priority over &quot;renters&quot; and that they were oversold and we would be moved to another location. Our options were, get this, either the Clarion Suites or the Sahara, both very much sub-standard properties compared to this $180 a nite resort. We were sent to the Sahara (an old, smoky dumpy place where nothing worked in the room) and was still charged the full $360 to my credit card and no offers of reimbursement (STILL working on that). DO NOT stay here if you think a reservation meens a guaranteed room, you could be out on the street or in a low quality motel with no compensation for your trouble.	
Oct 6 2004	All our family just love it	We stayed in this Hotel last weekend. We had two bedroom suite for 4 people. Enjoyed the activities, pool, free food and our suite as well. Very family oriented, nice and quite. We'll defiantly stay here again.	
Oct 6 2004	What a super place	We arrived on 10/01/04 and were quickly given an upgrade. The place was beautiful and about 4 blocks from the strip. The walk wasn't so bad. A shuttle picks you up every 15 min. in the front and brings you to Harrah's. There is a shuttle at Harrah's that will bring you to the Rio. The Rio has the best buffets and nightlife. The hotel has 2 large pools and jacuzzi's. We had a blast and if we were too tired to walk we got a cab for 5-6 dollars for 3 of us. Better than renting a car. We have stayed on the strip and I think this is better. Everyday soda and popcorn are free. The rooms were big and clean!!!!!!Definitely would stay here next time. Never even hassled us with time share. Everybody was very helpful and friendly to us. It was a home away from home for us.	
Sep 28 2004	NOT the best staff over-all	After reading several of the reviews my conclusion is that on the right days all the staff is courteous and helpful and on the off days the staff is rude and unhelpful.- When checking in, the concierage ignored us and continued to stand in a group and chat amongst themselves. We finally found our own luggage cart - then one of them came over to help after we had most everything loaded. We told him thanks, but we had it all loaded already - he was 'very rude' and walked away.- THE WORST experience was at breakfast in the little cafe by the pool. The staff behind the counter taking orders were very unorganized, VERY RUDE, mixed up orders. All the unused tables were 'dirty'. We asked if someone could clean one up for us and her sarcastic and very unprofessional response was, &quot;WE ARE VERY BUSY AND ONLY HAVE SO MUCH HELP&quot;.- The staff behind the check-in desk was also very rude and unfriendly - at least a smile would help! They were also not helpful on giving information. - The sales staff was &quot;VERY&quot; friendly and personable - they were trying to sell something.On the whole, the Grand Desert is a beautiful resort. Our rooms were very nice with everything we needed. The kitchen well equipped. The pools are beautiful. But in the most important aspect, staff and service, they are lacking.	
Sep 22 2004	Horrible Mean Staff	I agree with another review here about the horrible service. It is really hit or miss. The place is beautiful. The location is ok. Some of the staff are great. The front desk was great and of course, the sales associates were so nice but the concierges! Oh my gosh. RUN FROM THESE PEOPLE. They were rude, hostile to me and my family. We had rented a scooter for my disabled Aunt through a national company that dropped the scooter with them. When we went to get it they were visibly angry that we had not gotten it through them and rude about it. On another occasion a male concierge (I'll withhold his name) starting yelling at me in the lobby over a casino voucher. We were told at least one pool would be heated. No such luck. They were both freezing. My family goes to Vegas every year for Thanksgiving. We won't be going back here. We're trying The Carriage House this year.	
Sep 20 2004	Couldn't have been better!	We arrived at 3:00PM on 9-17th exactly at check in time and at first it appeared we were in for a long wait in a long line. We got in line and began our wait. Within 2 minutes one of the staff appeared with complimentary bottles of ice water for us and the line moved suprisingly quickly.The check in staff was quick, courteous, and helpful. Our room (a 2 bedroom suite) was immaculate and fully stocked in the kitchen. We had everything from potato peelers, blender, coffee maker, ice maker, to electric mixer. The only request we had during the visit was for more pillows and they were delivered within 10 minutes of our request. Every staff member we encountered was extremely outgoing and friendly. Even though this is a time share we were NEVER hounded or even asked to sit through their presentation. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 10 2004	Should have stayed at motel 6~Rude and NO HOT WATER!!	Me and 3 other of my friends found this Hotel through Orbitz.com. Orbitz faxed our booking to another hotel, which was ok because when we called Orbitzs they were really sorry and very nice. This resort was not. the front desk attendant was very rude and acted as if we had done something wrong. We had no hot water in our room. I called front desk to let them know. We took cold showers that day. Second day there was still no hot water, when I calle dto complain again the &quot;Manager&quot; was very rude, kept speaking over me and did not even apologize. She said it was my fault for not calling them back again to let them know. They did not even have anyone to come up to check. I would never stay at this resort again. We would have done better at motel 6. They say customer service is important to them but in no way did they show this during our stay.	
Sep 8 2004	Enjoyed the guest activities!	We stayed here for our anniversary in August. During our stay, we took advantage of and enjoyed the majority of the guest activities. In particular they had outstanding daily fitness classes and a computer room. The staff was very helpful. Found that we had to get a rental car the shuttle stops running early in the P.M.	
Sep 2 2004	The best place in Vegas to relax and have some peace and quiet	We stayed here the week of August 9,2004. Best choice you could make in my opinion. Just off the strip w/ free shuttle to the strip. Fairfield has never dissapointed us and we will return to this resort in the future. The rooms are huge w/ a full kitchen and everything you could want or need they even have a store on site w/ the essentials. After a day on the strip the pools and jaccuzzi were a nice way to unwind.	
Sep 1 2004	Very nice property and friendly staff!	We spent five days in July 2004 at this property. It was very nice. Our room was spacious, clean with an upscale decor. The staff were friendly, especially those in the activity centre. We booked our stay through a web site with no obligation to attend a timeshare presentation - and nobody bothered us to do so once we got there. The property had two large pools and three hot tubs - all well maintained. The pool area was on two levels with the adult pool on the upper level and a free-form family pool on the lower. Plenty of chairs and pool towels were always available. The complimentary shuttle service from the resort to Harrah's (mid-strip) was very convenient. We walked two mornings to the strip from the resort and it took approximately 10 min. In the summer heat, walking back mid-afternoon, was too hot. I would advise people to take the complimentary shuttle back to the resort at night, since a lot of the lots along Harmon Street were under construction and would be deserted at night. The resort also offered an evening shuttle trip to the downtown strip to see the Fremont Street Experience. This only cost us $5.00/person round trip - a great deal! We have stayed at three Fairfield properties, and this one by far is the most beautiful.	
Aug 19 2004	A Real Find	We stayed here four nites. Found it on the internet, booked it on the phone. I cannot recommend this place more highly. Two bedrooms, 2 baths, LR, full kitchen (w/ dishes, toaster, blender, microwave, etc., etc.) The rate was excellent (fourth nite free; probably due to August timeframe--It was HOT (108) in Las Vegas). Shuttle to strip every 15-20 min. Many, many activities: Free popcorn/soda/beer nite at bar; DJ and blowup jumphouse at poolside afternoon; shuttle to Fremont street; free Gameboy lent to my 8-year old for stay); etc. Two large, nice pools. These were actually 4-5 feet deep! (If you talk to the casino hotels with the beautiful winding streams, &quot;swim up&quot; bars, landscaped-islands-in-the-middle pools, you will find that in LV almost all pools are only three feet deep! I don't know where they got that idea, but I personnally like to have the water at least reach above my waist when swimming or playing with my kids.)Staff was top rate. My phone requests resulted in a knock at the door almost before I hung up the phone. Although this was a much-toured timeshare facility, at no time did anyone even remotely suggest we listen to a presentation. Oh, yeah, did I mention the view - 15th floor looking out at the Strip. I'll look for this place again next time in Las Vegas.	
Aug 10 2004	Gorgeous!!! LOVED IT..	This was my husband and I first time in Vegas. We were celebrating our tenth anniversary and we could not have stayed at a better place. The resort is absolutely beautiful!! we had a 1brm deluxe which had a spacious living rm, dining room, kitchen and a Master bedroom with a whirlpool tub. We could look out of our window and see the strip, which was only minutes away but i would recommend catching the shuttle or renting a car. We got to see the Red rock and Hoover dam. It is breath taking.... My husband and I are planning our next trip back to Vegas real soon and we will be staying at the Grand desert resort again... Also the resort has plenty of amenties on site..	
Jul 29 2004	Vacation a Handicapped	My husband and I had a 1 bedroom deluxe which not only included a full kitchen, a washer and dryer, a king bed and a great jetted tub. The furnishings were very comfortable and I felt very much at home since having a broken foot limited my carousing on the strip. Fairfield knows how to treat their guests. I can't wait to go back.	
Jul 23 2004	3 Words....Won-Der-Ful!!!		
Jul 20 2004	What a wonderful resort!		
Jun 21 2004	Parking garage is confusing and difficult to find elevator if parking in tower 1		
Jun 10 2004	Fairfield Grand Desert Resort --5 star rating in my book		
Jun 8 2004	Resort with class		
Apr 30 2004	Absolutely Awesome		
Feb 20 2004	Loving it!		
Jan 11 2004	Very quiet and comfortable		
Dec 31 2003	Retirement Treat		
Oct 7 2003	Very nice and classy place to stay		
Mar 22 2009 	Fascinada muero por regresar...		
Aug 29 2008 	Nos encanto el Wyndham Grand Desert supero las expectativas		
Sep 1 2007 	vacanze di agosto per famiglie a las vegas		
