Nov 8 2009 	BICSI Conference	Decided to stay at the RI, as the MGM did not seem very inviting. Hotel is minutes from the strip &amp; overall good location. Room seemed a little cramped (1 BR). They do serve a light dinner a few nights per week with beer. The breakfast is typical.	
Jun 19 2009 	The best place everfriendly staff very very helpfullfull amenities.	I am fan of this hotel since december 2006.It was in Reno an amazing experience.Extremely convenient place to stay.In Vegas I forgot lot of my personal stuff in the bathroom drawers and I called to find out .They had it all and shipped everything to me by overnight fedex @ no cost.The best customer service ever.I am so happy.Thank you so much Residence Inn staff.	
Jun 11 2009 	Exclusive Marriott	I Have been for the first time to Lasvegas .We had reservation from Priceline.I have always had good results with priceline and will continue to use them. This property was clean and the grounds were well maintained.The rooms were clean,food was very good, Nice things about this hotel is it comes with a complimentary internet and breakfast which was of high class. I will surely stay here when I go to Vegas again and will also recommend this to my friends. A complete and satisfactory stay indeed.We also loved the secure parking lot and convenient location.	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent Choice in Las Vegas	This is our eighth stay here in the past 5 years. We have a 1 bedroom suite with a separate sleeping area and two TV's. This is one of the best hotels in Las Vegas if you want a quiet, casino-free hotel with spacious rooms, stove-top, microwave, dishwasher, and full-sized refrigerator. The hotel is 1 mile east of Las Vegas Blvd. The closest supermarket (Von's) is about 1 mile away at Twain and Maryland. There is a Super Walmart about 3 miles away on East Tropicana. There are numerous eating places a short walk away.The location is good, especially at rush hour, as you can avoid a lot of the traffic in the area by going out through the Hughes Center rather than exiting directly onto Flamingo or Paradise. It takes less than 15 minutes to get to or from the central rental car facility using the Airport Connector via Paradise Road.Breakfast is served daily but with the downturn in the economy the evening manager's reception has been reduced to Mondays and Tuesdays with a hamburger barbeque on alternating Wednesdays. They used to have all-day coffee and tea in the lobby but this has been reduced to mornings-only except when they have the evening reception. The evening food is still the best offered at any Residence Inn that we have stayed in with free beer and wine. The breakfast offerings were the same everyday.One of the employees told me that with the current economic conditions in Las Vegas the hotel's management decided to cut back the free food offerings rather than reducing other services and laying off staff.	
Jan 3 2009 	Good option in Vegas	It is easy to get in and out of town from this hotel. The hotel is just about a mile from the strip, which is close enough. It is a quiet hotel with rooms typical of Residence Inns. The breakfast is better than most other RIs. Its proximity to several good restaurants is an added plus.	
Dec 9 2008 	Quiet and Pleasant	I liked our stay at this RI. It is a typical RI about a mile east of the strip. We were here just for one night and only spent about 5 hours sleeping after a night of gambling. Comfortable except for that it smelled a little funny at first but got used to it I guess. Stay there if you want to be close to the strip but do not want all the noise and craziness of the strip.	
Dec 7 2008 	Nice Residence Inn better than most	This hotel sits a mile or so from the strip off Paradise Road. The rooms are standard Residence Inn suites (nice and familiar to me). However, the hotel is much taller than most Residence Inn hotels and thus you are likely to have a good view from your room. I had a great view of the mountain ranges in the distance - beautiful.The breakfast was the standard Residence Inn breakfast, with waffles, eggs, biscuits and gravy, sausage, yogurt, cereals, toast, coffee, juices, etc...My only complaint is that they keep leaving you messages asking you to join the Holiday Club, which I presume is a timeshare or something. I wouldn't expect to be bothered like that at a Residence Inn. I may have given 5 stars were it not for this.One other thing, there is covered garage parking, which protects from the fierce desert sun (I visited in December so covered parking wasn't really a necessity.)If I were visiting Vegas on vacation, there is no way I'd stay here, but for work it's perfectly suitable. It's too far from the strip that you need a car or need to cab it. Fortunately, there are plenty of cabs waiting right in front of the hotel at all hours ready to take you places.By the way, the pool was unspectacular, but it was too cold to swim anyway.	
Nov 18 2008 	Outstanding. Nice quiet nights in Las Vegas	No gambling, not on the strip, no loud parties... No problem ! We stayed here for $100/night. Very nice rooms. Outstanding free hot breakfast. VERY quiet. No obnoxious drunk teenagers. Wow, what a great cheap way to experience Las Vegas without all the unpleasant side effects Vegas has. Rooms were nice clean and had everything we needed. Staff was very accomodating and friendly.But most important was the peace and quiet me and my wife had at night. Restaurants near the hotel are within walking distance and are good.Cab rides to the strip range from $7.50 to $10.50 and that is how we traveled. A great place to bring the family or just to have a nice quiet vacation.	
Oct 3 2008 	Very Good But Review Credit Card Statement	We returned to this Residence Inn for a one night stay in a 2 bedroom unit. As before, we were very happy with the accommodations, free parking close to the hotel entrance, convenience to the Strip and to the many restaurants within walking distance of the hotel.Two minor complaints that prevented me from giving an Excellent rating:1) Soaps are wrapped in a new type of wax paper that is extremely hard to open. We had to use a knife to slit the package.2) Upon receipt of our credit card statement, there were two separate $3 charges. I called the hotel to inquire and was told they were for bottled water. We did not use any of the bottled water, as we had brought our own supply for use in our car on the long daily drives. The gentleman on the phone was friendly and apologetic and said he would credit them back to our credit card. So be sure and watch your statements.We really enjoy staying at this Residence Inn and will return on future visits.	
Aug 4 2008 	Summer in Vegas was I nuts???	Searched forever for an affordable 2 BR suite in Vegas, even in the doldrums of August. Ended up at &quot;old reliable&quot;, Residence Inn.But wait... this isn't the usual pseudo-suburban looking stand-alone units found at other RI's. This is a sleek, modern 12 storey new construction and just 1 miles from the strip.Great property, though the floor plan for the 2 BR's is the same as always. The front desk is very friendly, but watch out for the pitch for their new skyscraper timeshare, The Marriott Chateau.A bunch of restaurants are right outside the door. And given the blast-furnace temp's of August (108 in daytime, 95 at night) you'll scamper across the street to find chow.Nice pool, basketball court and the usual carb-fest at breakfast. We stayed twice at both ends of a week-long Vegas / Utah vacation. Alas, you can't use Marriott Rewards points for 2 BR units, but at $199 they're a steal. Check the Marriott weekend discount e-mails for further discounts if they remain as empty as we found them.	
May 27 2008 	Nicefamily hotel close to the action	This is a nice &quot;residence type&quot; hotel within walking distance of PFChangs and Bahama Breeze Restaurants. There are services nearby, drug stores, etc. It is not a walk, but more of a cab ride to the strip and Fashion Show Mall. We had rental car--free parking can be found almost everywhere in Vegas. The pool and hot tub are nice and draw a decent scene in the evenings. During the week there are cocktail hours in the evenings. There is a pretty great buffet breakfast every morning (gets a little crowded around 8:30 so go earlier or later). Parking is good.There is no decor to speak of, but nice amenities and good family location.	
Apr 30 2008	Not bad but could be better	This place is located in the right place, near great restaurants and within walking distance. There is also a large casino across the street, if you like. This place looks good until you get to your room. Then it is just a plain room with no touch of home. Considering it is an extended stay type lodging, I would have thought that just plain white walls went out with Motel 6. Not here. If you can get over that, the rest of the place is great with a good hot breakfast, evening reception with wine and beer and a meal. Free papers include the WSJ, USA Today, and the local LV paper. There is covered parking and it is free. Cab wait outside if you need one. My room was very clean, however its walls showed signs of wear and patching. The room kinda smelled like an old grandmother's house, but was tolerable. They have a pool and exercise room that looked inviting, but I was too busy working to take advantage of those things. Yes, I would come back.	
Mar 25 2008 	Nice and Quiet Pet Friendly	I stayed at this hotel for a week while I took a class that required a lot of study. I was hoping it to be very quiet. It was even better than a library! We took our little kitty, which the hotel welcomed. The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. The maids were very respectful of our schedule and the food bar in the lobby, both breakfast and in the evening, was excellent. The room and the hotel was exceptionally clean. The hotel is immediately adjacent to a Starbucks, Kinkos and some of the best restaurants in Las Vegas (less than one block).If you are looking for an alternative to a cigarette smoke filled casino hotel with excellent service (without a bunch of screaming drunks or hookers) this is it.	
Feb 19 2008 	Excellent Propery	We found the Residence Inn Hughes Center to be an excellent property in a great location.This property is walking distance from the center of the Strip. We rented a car and drove to the casinos since virtually all of them provided free self parking as well as free valet parking. Why walk long distances when you can drop your car off at the front door for the price of a tip?The rooms were large and clean with the typical quality I expect of a Marriott property.The hotel is surrounded by a number of good restaurants including Lawry's, McCormick@Schmick, and Bahama Breeze.Staff was courteous, attentive and friendly.Free breakfast buffet was excellent and included hot entrees such as eggs, sausage, bacon, and waffles.They have an evening reception several nights each week, where they provide what amounts to a light dinner, free of charge.Nice pool as well.We cannot say enough good things about this property.	
Dec 4 2007 	I just love it!	I probably sound a little crazy, but this is absolutely one of my favorite hotels for a getaway. My husband and I live in Las Vegas, and we love to get away for a long weekend at the Res Inn. Its surrounded by great restaurants, including our favorite, Del Frisco's, and its just a quiet way for us to get away from the madness of our daily lives. The complimentary breakfast in the morning is great, and the pool is awesome. The handful of complaints I have are about the gym, which is a little pathetic, but its a smaller budget hotel, so what would you expect. I also don't care for queen beds, I'd prefer they have king beds, but other than that, I just love the place.	
Dec 2 2007 	Not bad not bad!	If you take the Hughes Center area on its own, it's actually quite a convenient place. Several restaurants are within walking distance from the Residence Inn and a Starbucks/FedEx Kinko's right across the way. The hotel itself is great, too. A nice, small hotel which might be preferable for some folks who dislike the overwhelming nature of the hotels along the Strip. The rooms were very comfy and clean. The bed was great with a variety of pillows and extra blankets, just in case. The shower was wonderful, a huge bathroom counter and plenty of towels. Alas, as great as the hotel was...it was not on the Strip &lt;sigh&gt;. This is probably a &quot;plus&quot; for some folks, but honestly, if it weren't for the seminar I had to attend at the Residence Inn, I definitely would not have picked this hotel. Plus, there were several Strip hotels that had better deals going than the Residence Inn (I paid $149 per night). Taxis were about $7-10 each way to/from any hotel on the Strip...which seemed like a lot for just a few blocks (though on a warmer day, with more comfortable shoes, I wouldn't hesitate to walk).I really did love this hotel on its own. Just a shame it wasn't closer to where all the action is. I give it a 4 for the hotel itself and a 2 for the location.	
Nov 10 2007 	A Bit Pricey for Residence Inn	October 2007 – I spent two nights at Residence Inn Hughes Center Hotel while I was attending human resources training at the nearby Westin. I also stayed two nights at the Renaissance Las Vegas. The Renaissance property was a much better value and better stay for me than at the Residence Inn - Hughes center. I wrote a review on the Renaissance.The folks working at the Residence Inn front desk were not very welcoming or friendly, except for one staff member during my visit. The cleaning folks were friendly.I checked in around 11:30 a.m. - 12 Noon. I asked for quiet room away from the elevator but was given a room nearby a elevator, but was told I could exchange rooms later on when more rooms were available. The plus was the room had separate bedroom door.The room did seem a bit cramped for Residence Inn for a one bedroom suite. I took a nap on the sofa and later on went back to lobby and transfered to another room on the same floor. the new room was more roomy and away from the elevator.That is probably one of my biggest concerns is being too close toa elevator with a loud ping. You need to wear ear plugs. See my review on the Club Quarters Midtown in New York City. I learned my lesson there!The bed was okay. The room was quiet. Standard Residence Inn suite features.The inroom pay for view movies were not available due to technical difficulty. The refrigerator and microwave worked okay as did everything else in the room.The room was very clean and housekeeping was excellent during my stay. Like many Residence Inn's in the Gatehouse, you have access to internet and can print out hardcopies. Just ask for a code at the front desk. There is a time limit.I had breakfast at the downstairs breakfast area. The offerings were a bit more than your standard Residence Inn. Most items were okay. I did become very ill after eating breakfast on my second day. This actually caused me to miss my flight. I suspected the waffle dispenser. Though I can not be certain. Typically Residence Inn's use individual bottoms of waffle ingredients that seem chilled. It seemed to be food poisoning.I don't think I have ever experienced that at Hotel property.I also ate nearby at the Bahama Breeze which was good. There are other restaurants nearby like McCormick &amp; Schmidts and Gordon Bierch. But it is away from the strip and there is no Monorail access nearby, so if you do not have a car, it could be a good walk to the strip. I also ate at some of modest restaurant venues at the Venetian, which were not so good. Also service at the Venetian is suspect. Was lucky at the Hilton in terms of gambling. Decent buffet at the Hilton too.One thing I like best about the Renaissance property is it is close to Las Vegas Monorail and the Monorail is better than driving around Las Vegas. If your staying the Hughes Center, you need a car or you need to take a taxi. Unless you do not mind a good walk which can be brutal in the summer.I paid an internet group rate of $229.00 verus $110.00 and while I like to have microwave and fridge in the room, I'd stay at the Renaissance over this property due to the price, service and convenience of the monorail. I have also stayed at the Residence Inn Convention Center for much less than this property. I stayed at the property because it was just down the road of my training at the Westin. But I probably won't stay at this property again.For the price I paid, I would not stay at the property unless it was around $100.00 less.	
Nov 7 2007 	Absolutely loved it!	I stayed at the Residence Inn Las Vegas Hughes Center primarily for business. It was so quiet and clean, I couldn't have asked for more! The suites look like they've been completely redone - clean carpet, clean furniture, bed linens were nice. I'm a bit of a neat/clean freak and I had no issues while I was there. This is a non-smoking hotel and after staying here, I can't imagine going back to a strip hotel where everything you own smells of smoke. The fridge was a full-size fridge, so I had plenty of room for sodas and leftover doggie-bags. The free breakfast in the morning was decent. I only really enjoyed their pancakes and not much else. But they have make-your-own-waffles, eggs, potatoes, bagels, cereal, donuts (one kind and not very good). They rotate thru french toast, sausage gravy/biscuits, pancakes, etc.There are numerous restaurants surrounding the hotel - as a female walking alone, I didn't have any problems. They all had pretty good food. Thankfully there was also a Starbucks right next door, open 24hrs! There is free parking at the hotel and it was extremely easy to drive around Vegas (I was surprised). After staying at casino hotels on the strip, this was a nice change of pace. If you're coming to vegas primarily to sit by a pool and gamble, this isn't the best place, but I had no issues finding parking at casino hotels in the evenings for my gambling fix! I didn't really see any families with children at the hotel, mainly those on business and young (but quiet) groups of friends.Highly recommended!!	
Aug 14 2007 	A bit cramped up	I am a fan of residence inn properties and being with a family it usually works well with us. We decided to stay here for our trip to Vegas. The property is the new &quot;high rise&quot; type of Residence Inn hotels and is about 12 storey building. We had a 2 bedroom suite on the 7th floor with a view of the strip in the distance. Check in was swift . The suite had the usual 2 bedroom layout of residence inn but I felt this one was a bit more cramped up. The living room was tiny and if the sofa bed was pulled out then there was virtually no space left to move. Each of the bedrooms had a queen bed and again this can be too tight for 2 persons to sleep. Placing a crib would be again a difficult issue. The bathrooms were however bigger than the usual residence inn types. The kitchen and dining space was again very cramped up. Moreover I felt there was some problem with the ventilations in the rooms and hallways. The air con in the rooms even at maximum could not cool very well as , according to the in house engineer , one unit serves the livign room and one bedroom and another unit is exclusively for another bedroom. So that meant one of the bedrooms could be really stifling. Moreover, there was smell of food or waste trailing in the hallways etc and I really could feel there was some fault in the ventilation. Having said these points, to be fair to the property, its really very convenient in many other ways. The staff are excellent. There is free wireless internet in the rooms and also 2 PCs are there in the dining area with a printer to serve as a &quot;business center&quot; to check mails and print documents. Laundry machines are kept on the 3rd, 7th and 11th floors. Free parking, free breakfast and a social hour from Mon-Thurs all are excellent value for money. Location wise also its a short drive to the strip and there are many restaurants nearby. Overall its a nice property except for the size of the rooms and the ventilation issue. It can be very good value for a small family but for a bigger group it might be too cramped up.	
Jul 9 2007 	Never stay at a mega-resort - stay here instead!	The Marriot Residence Inn is a class place. I can't for the life of me understand why anyone would want to stay at one of the mega-casinos, even the nice ones like Bellagio, Wynn, Ventian, etc. We went through each of them and checkin was loud and noisy, and sometimes near the casinos. If you enjoy crowds, noise and walking with suitcases and wet bathsuits through crowded gamblers and gawkers, then go to the mega-casinos. But if after a day or night of partying and gambling and you want quiet - then go to this Marriot. We booked a 2 bedroom for $199/night and it was wonderful. The kitchen and the bedrooms and the quiet were wonderful. And you are 3 minute from the strip by car.Wireless Internet works very well and a pleasent suprise was the laundry machines on 3 of the floors. After being on the road for 2 weeks, being able to do a laundry for 75 cents (washing machine and dryer and detergent are each 75 cents so save those quarters) was worth every penny being at the Marriot. The complimentary breakfast was fine and once you calculate the value of the breakfast and the free Internet, even a $199/night room comes closer to $120/night at a mega-casino.	
Mar 12 2007 	Perfect for business AND pleasure!	I just came home from my 2nd stay at this property. My initial stay was for a family reunion a few years ago and this recent stay was for business. Both stays were fantastic. Based on my most recent stay, my 2 brm suite was immaculate and fresh. The bed was incredible and I never experienced any noise. All those I worked with at the front desk were friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. The location is off the strip, but not terribly far. I didn't have a rental car, so I walked to Bally's, one of the nearest strip hotel/casinos. It took me about 20 minutes. The walk isn't the most scenic and I sometimes felt concerned for my safety, but taxis are readily available if walking isn't a comfortable option.The pool is probably the biggest disappointment. It's small and there's no ambience whatsoever. Many of the casino pool areas win in that department. But--the pool does stay open later than most on the strip.I recommend this hotel for families and other travelers who relish a quiet break from the action and glitz of the strip, yet want to be just moments away! It's great for leisure and business travelers. Rates seem to fluctuate, but can beat rates offered at mid to luxury-scale casino hotels. For those who are rate conscience, you must shop around and must be aware that rates can change from day to day.	
Dec 26 2006 	Squeaky Clean	We were looking for a hotel that would give us quiet time after the hustle and bustle of the Vegas strip. This location was perfect. It was not too far off the strip but far enough to provide that needed quiet space. Our room was immaculate, smelled clean, and was at a perfect temperature when we arrived. As non-smokers we were so happy to see that this was a smoke-free hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed the complementary breakfast each morning. They went above and beyond the usual fare. We were impressed with hotel security, particularly at night when we found we needed our card key to enter through the front door. We found two restaurants right across the street for dinner, both excellent, and a member of the hotel staff gave us a Marriott card that provided dessert at both locations. We would definitely return on our next Vegas vacation, and we are very particular about where we stay. For those of you Starbucks fans you only have to walk across the parking lot of this hotel.	
Dec 5 2006 	Great Hotel for almost anyone	Great hotel, we had several guys out for a bachelor party. We had a 2 bedroom suite and the kitchen and 2 bathrooms were great especially the living room where we could all hang out. If you want easy access to the strip, this is not your hotel. We had to take a cab each time to and from the strip. The restaurants nearby and the free hot breakfast buffet is a great touch. This hotel needs a shuttle just like Residence Inn South, but maybe they have avoided this to keep the partiers away! If you come to Vegas for fun and to party and need a Residence Inn, stay at the one south near Courtyard and Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites. If you are a family or business person who needs fine extended stay lodging with great restaurants nearby, stay here.	
Nov 29 2006 	Great pet hotel	Just got back from 3 days in Vegas Thanksgiving weekend. Was able to book room on Marriott website day before at $149 a night. I needed to bring my chihuahua because of late notice of trip. First time traveling with pet. Hotel is a brisk walk from the strip so you will need a car or taxi. Taxi was $15 from hotel to Mandalay Bay. Make sure you say Residence Inn Marriott - taxi drivers seem to make the distinction by that. The hotel was really nice. Nicely done lobby, inviting. Check in was a breeze. Very friendly staff. PET FRIENDLY. Dog area in the back with plastic bags. The area is quiet so I was able to go on walks with my dog. I didn't hear any barking the entire time I was there. The room and hotel smelled clean and fresh. I stayed in the 1-bedroom suite. Very nicely done. I am OCD so carpet, drapes, sheets, couch cushions, bathroom is a real source of concern for me. Everything seemed new, clean, tastefully done. I found a Petsmart about 10 minutes from downtown that had a doggy day camp for $18. Hotel charges $100 pet fee. I was fine with the paying the $100 for the dog being at the hotel and the $18 for the day time (7 am - 9 pm) at Petsmart.Continental breakfast was not terrific but for free it was okay to start out the day. Free wireless internet in room and on grounds was great! TV was broken in living room, called room service, it was fixed within 15 minutes. I would definitely stay again with pet or if looking for a low key, clean, quiet place to stay.	
Sep 21 2006 	satisfied very satisfied	We stayed at the residence inn in las vegas. Although it was not on the strip, it was less than a mile away. Not a problem since we had a car. The hotel entrance was great. There was no lines when i checked in and i was done in 5 minutes, that was fast. maybe because i had booked online with marriot. We stayed on sept 16 sat, and left sun sept 17. we had booked two rooms. One that was a bedroom suite ($169) and a two bedroom two bath suite ($229). the great thing about booking with marriot online is their cancellation policy. You can cancel on the day of your arrival upto 4pm without any fees. We had to cancel the one bedroom suite on the day we were supposed to check-in, i did so on the internet and that was it. If i had Booked with other travel websites (orbitz, travelocity etc..) i would not have been able to cancel without being charged. And they add xtra fees(service fee plus taxes, ) Marriot only charges for the room plus tax when you book with them. And their prices were the exact same low price anywhere on the net but without the service fee, so you still pay less by booking by them(marriot).The bedroom suite was great since it was my small family(4 of us. 2 adults and two kids under 6) and my parents and sister it was just perfect. The room had two bedrooms on either side with their own bathrooms and a little sitting area in the middle. It also had a kitchenette, with a full size fridge/freezer. The beds and pillows were comfortable not stiff or hard.The beds in the bedrooms were queen and the sofa in the sitting area was a queen sofa bed. So three queen beds in one suite, plus a kitchen with a dining table three tvs, free internet connection and best of all FREE BRRAKFAST. It was a great breakfast, eggs, potatoes, toast muffins, cereal, juices, yogurt, pancakes, waffles, coffee, fruit, &amp; cottage cheese. Oh yes, they also had sausege patties and i think i saw ham and bacon(we dont eat these due to religios purposes) everything was great.i highly recomend it.	
Aug 7 2006 	Perfect choice for a couple with two teenagers (not big gamblers!)	Stayed here as a party of four - two adults and two 16-year old girls. Only a two night stay as we knew that Las Vegas can get very tiring! We had our hire car from Los Angeles, and I would recommend having a car unless you're on a stay put holiday.We used Marriott Reward points and also paid a small points upgrade to have a two-bedroom suite. This was on the 10th floor and looked towards the Strip - from a distance of about three-quarters of a mile, the view was quite good enough - reminding us where we were without being on top of the madness. The suite was perfect for our needs. It had a small living room area, open plan to the dinning table and kitchen. The very efficient air con was controlled from a thermostst in the living area - an essential with outside temperatures over 110 degrees! There was a big fridge and freezer with internal icemaker, full cooker, microwave - which the girls used to make popcorn - supplied by Residence Inn f.o.c., and a coffee maker - again with supplied coffee bags. Each bedroom - both with one Queen (5ft) bed had its own ensuite bathroom. The wash basin/vanity units being in the approach to each bathroom which has bath with shower over and the WC behind their own door. Overall we had 3 TVs in the suite.There was a menu in the room for ordering meals to be delivered from a local restaurant, and whilst we were there other menus were pushed under our door. There is a good range of restaurants on the doorstep, if you'd prefer to eat out - covering all price ranges, and most are easy walking distance.We particularly enjoyed the local fish restaurant &quot;McCormick &amp; Schmick's&quot; where the food was lovely and the service excellent. It was our wedding anniversary, which I mentioned when I booked the table earlier in the day, and when we arrived we were shown to a private booth, and the menu (which they print each day) had been modified to wish us a Happy 21st Anniversary with our names in big print at the top of the menu - a very nice touch and and instant keepsake!The Residence Inn serves breakfast and evening &quot;appetisers&quot; with drinks - beers and wines included - and all of this is complemetary/included in the price of the room. They offer both paper and china plates, and most guests seemed to opt to use paper plates and eat in the large communal &quot;Hearth Room&quot; which had two large plasma TV screens running the news at breakfast time. The TV volume was turned low and subtitles had been activated (very considerate). The standard of the food on offer was &quot;average&quot;, with limited choice but plentiful (scrambled eggs, sauasage patties,ketchup, biscuits/scones, waffle makers, toast machine, bagels, spreads, juices,cereals, coffee, tea, yoghurt, fruit), but the staff were all friendly and kept the food well stocked until about 15 minuted before the end of service, when everthing quickly started to disappear. So, if you want the freebies, don't leave it until the last minute. Very helpful for families with hungry kids. The evening appetisers vary throughout the week, with a Taco special on a Thursday night.The rooms/suite cleanliness was immaculate and the cleaner did wonders with the girl's room (she must have had teenage daughters!!). The beds were very comfortable.There is a rather small pool out the back, with towels supplied. The pool deck is a real sun trap - or oven - depending on your point of view, but there are parasols and you can buy soft drinks from the cooler display next to reception. There's also a small exercise room which is fine if not too many people want to use it.Residence Inn (Hughes Center) is clearly set up for longer-stay guests - many of them business people. However there's a good mix, and not everyone is on a 9-5 with their lap top over their shoulder. You can easily chat to other guests in the Hearth Room or keep to yourself.One last point - this is not a fiull service hotel and there are no bell staff to help with luggage, but they have those smart looking luggae trollys for DIY use - a devil to steer, but what you need for a group of 4. All the parking is self-park, and FREE - compare that to many other hotels in Las Vegas!!Would definitely book here again. We all enjoyed Las Vegas, went to a show at the HIlton and didn't lose or spend anything on gambling - although it is an education to watch other people losing their money -although depressing too to see how sad and alone many of the gamblers looked.	
Jun 12 2006 	Recommended by me too....	Decided to stay at this Residence Inn even though my conference was at another hotel again this year. I got burned at that other hotel (Palace Station) a couple of years ago which led to my learning about TripAdvisor. As an alternative, I looked for something in the Marriott chain this year (had a free night certificate) and the Residence Inn Hughes Center showed up as recommended. I'd score the hotel score above average-to-excellent and am giving it an &quot;E&quot; for cleanliness, a very comfortable bed and a truly no-hassle stay including parking. Read Hank from Huntington Beach's 9/27/05 review for specific details that I observed to still hold true in 2006. Also, no casino 'action', noise or drunks inside the Residence Inn (although you don't have to go far to find the gambling!)If you are meeting friends in Vegas, have them meet you at this hotel and then everyone walk to dinner....all quality restaurants are within EASY walking distance. They are so close, you can check them out in person and pick your favorite. This was a very big plus - not having to drive in Vegas traffic to go to dinner. One of the restaurants named in Hank's review is now a Bahama Breeze and the Hamada Japanese restaurant has a sushi bar (ate there twice).Beyond being a comforatble stay, you'll experience some sanity in the craziness of being in the m iddle of Las Vegas.	
Mar 28 2006	Liked this hotel.	A refuge from the crowds on the strip. Quiet, clean, spacious. The breakfast is very nice( included in the room rate). Close to several good restaurants. A mild negative is the walk to the strip- down a very busy street that's pretty ugly.	
Nov 29 2005	Quiet good location clean and comfortable.	I went from staying at the Excalibur to the Residenc Inn and was impressed by the quality of the rooms. The decor in my room was bright, cheery and upto date. The bed was comfortable. The kitchen was well equiped and very convenient. The internet was included and the service was prompt when needed. This place is a great place to stay if you want a good central location in Las Vagas but want to be able to have a nice quiet retreat away from the strip.	
Sep 27 2005 	Beautiful Room Friendly Service Convenient Location	September 25th to 27th 2005 – I had the pleasure of staying here for two nights to attend the Pack Expo show. Everything aspect of my stay was very good to excellent.Check in was fairly fast and everything was in order. I received my requested room type, a non-smoking Studio, #415. This is a “high rise” style Residence Inn with 9 floors in one building. The room rate for my stay was $169 per night which was good considering there was a major convention in town.I was surprised and really pleased with my room. It appeared that it had been renovated very recently. The décor was much nicer than other Residence Inn hotels that where I have stayed. It had the new style Marriott bedding with a white duvet and five pillows (3 feather and 2 foam) on the queen-size bed. The queen-size sofa bed and the chair were new, as was the carpet and draperies.The bath area had a large marble vanity open to the bedroom area. The combo tub/shower and toilet had a door for privacy. The bath linens all appeared to be new and there were plenty of them.My studio room had a full-sized refrigerator with an ice maker in the freezer. There was also a full-size microwave, a two-burner electric range, a toaster, coffee maker, and dish washer. I arrived late in the evening and had not had dinner. I did not want to go out so I bought a frozen dinner, a soda, and ice cream from “The Market” a “micro” market within the hotel. My studio room did not have a table, but had a bar with two high bar chairs which was very adequate.The complimentary breakfast buffet was very good. On the hot side there were scrambled eggs, sausage, and make-it-yourself waffles. The buffet also offered coffee, juice, fruit, cereals, etc. There was also an complimentary evening buffet which I did not see or use.For working, the desk was adequate and there was an office-style chair that was very comfortable. The hotel offers complimentary wireless high speed internet which worked great. The upload speed was about as fast as I have ever experienced.The hotel has a good location, near the intersection of Paradise and Flamingo roads. The Residence in is surrounded by restaurants: Hamada (Japanese) Cozymels (Mexican), Gordon Biersch Brewery, McCormick and Schmicks (upscale sea food), Lowrys (upscale prime rib), and Pieros (Italian). It takes about 15 minutes to walk to the strip and about the same to walk to the Convention Center. There were always taxi cabs waiting outside the hotel.The swimming pool at the hotel is somewhat small, but there were plenty of lounges and pool towels. There is also a whirlpool spa and a small exercise room. There is plenty of free parking all around the property, including a two level lot behind the pool.Service was very friendly and efficient from every associate that I came in contact with. I enjoyed my stay and can recommend the Residence Inn Hughes Center. I will very likely stay here in the future.	
Jun 27 2005 	Perfect location for fun and tranquility!	The Residence Inn Las Vegas Hughes Center is a great place to stay. Its only ¾ of a mile from the Las Vegas strip which is so close to all the craziness and fun, but just far enough away to be able to relax without all the chaos and noise. I liked the free internet access, breakfast, and happy hour!	
Jun 3 2005	The Residence Inn was great!	Ideal location. This hotel is positioned less than 1 mile from the famous Las Vegas strip. I loved it because it wasn’t right in the middle of all the chaos, but just close enough to walk to the casinos and various attractions. I came with my husband, mother-in-law, 25 year old daughter, and dog Lucky. This hotel was ideal because they offered smoking rooms, as my mother-in-law requested, and then even allowed pets! We couldn’t leave lucky behind! The kitchen and dining room space allowed us to save more and eat in a few times. Believe me this was definitely helpful with all the money we spent gambling! I recommend the Residence Inn to everyone!	
May 19 2005	What didn't happen in Vegas?!?!	I went to Vegas for my 21st birthday in March with 6 of my best friends, and boy did we have the time of our lives! The surroundings, nightlife, and various forms of entertainment made the trip incredible; but it was nice to come back to a nice, comfy hotel room with great amenties. Though we went out to eat pretty often, as college students we were on somewhat of a buget, so bringing food back to our full service kitchen to cook in was very helpful and convenient. They even had free high speed internet so I was able to hook up my laptop and check e-mail for work! One of the most exciting moments in Vegas was running into celebrities such as John Travolta, Demi Moore, and Brian Austin Greene. I will remember this trip forever!!! :-)	
Apr 30 2005	Wonderful Place!		
Apr 4 2005 	Great Place to stay!		
Mar 25 2005 	Yuck!		
Mar 16 2005	Pretty good hotel but more suited for business travelers.		
Jan 18 2005	More than adequate		
Oct 5 2004	Great Find		
Jul 13 2004	Highlight of Visit to Vegas		
