Sep 19 2009 	No trip to Vegas is complete without a visit to the Western	I am from Texas and have been to Vegas several times. I found this place on my second visit, back in the 1990's. I would never visit Vegas without a few trips to the Western. I was in Vegas Sept. 13th thru Sept. 18th, and I think I hit this place three times. Where could you get a shot of premium tequilla and a Corona for $2.50 ? The low limit slots are so loose that if you tip the coctail waitress a buck, you would be plastered before you lost $20.00. I am coming back to Vegas next year, with my 84 year mother and my sister, and we will make this one of our stops.	
Jun 4 2008	LOL Can of Coors	OK so my friends and I hit the Western to check out the interesting characters that hang out at the Western as well as the low limits. They actually have a players club at the Western, however it is only available to the locals. We went up to the counter that held the 'prizes' for the players club and noticed that one of the comps was a 6-pack of Coors silos (40 oz.). LOL how great is it that a players club has a 6 pack of Coors heavy as one of the prizes...only at the Western.Not sure how they tagged me as 'not a local'. Maybe I look classier thatn I think.	
Mar 24 2008	A Unique Experience Albeit a Grungy One	If this hotel had been located anywhere closer to The Strip I fear it would have been wrecking ball fodder many years ago. Thankfully however, it is located in what we affectionately referred to as Crack City. The Western is indeed located in a very 'average' part of town and I don't imagine most tourists would even know of it's existence as few would have reason to venture down this part of Freemont Street. In fact the only 'experience' we got around this part of town was a never ending barrage of aggressive beggars and police arrests which at first were a novelty in themselves but after the fifth time, you see one crack addict getting arrested, you've seen them all.Grunge is the first word that springs to mind when entering this casino, I have never stayed at the hotel so it would be unfair to assume that the rooms replicate the squalor of the gaming area. Despite the lack of any fan fair this is actually a great place to idle a few hours away. The penny slot machines are fairly loose so your dollars go alot further that they would in any of the other casinos. If Las Vegas has the equivialent to an elephants graveyard this is it. Almost everything appears old and dirty, like even the furniture has come here to die.In particular is it's clientel who appear to be border line homeless alcoholics, the locals will be the ones who are hitting you up for money. The cocktail waitresses (that is if you regard a 40 oz can of beer as a cocktail) all looked like they had lived very hard lives, perhaps they had once been showgirls back in the good old days because all of them looked as though they had once been very attractive at one time. As I am hardly a Greek Adonis myself, mere shallow observations such as these are trivial as the staff were generally freindly and that's what counts. We even placed a tentative bet on which of the two bums would come off best in a knife fight that was about to erupt over a slot machine. What can I say, we just got caught up in the gambling ambience of it all, it is Vegas after all.If you have an hour or so up your sleeve you should turn right instead of left at Freemont and walk a few blocks down to the Western. It is as far removed from the glitz and glamour of the new monstrosities as one could imagine which is exactly what gives it it's charm.On a serious note, the area can be quite dangerous, especially after dark so travel in a group or catch a cab.	
Mar 31 2006	Seedy Dirty Cheap....Perfect	After a day of visiting the palaces of excess, what could be better than a stop at the Western? It's the antithesis of everything that Vegas is today but exactly what Vegas used to be. A little dirty...a little dangerous...and a lot of fun.I played the slots and won continually. Everytime I put money into the machine...within five or so plays...I hit it big (in comparison to the amount I put it). I always cashed out and then went to another machine and did the same thing. It worked every time and I was up about 200 bucks by the time I left. But the machines do not give you tickets or coins. You have to wait for an attendant every time. And I waited from 10-25 minutes for every payout. One was only $9.75 and I waited 15 minutes to get it! The place was not busy at all but the cocktail waitress were nowhere to be found. I made the mistake of going to the bar and buying long islands and tipping the bartender generously. I never saw the cocktail waitress the rest of the night--probably by the bartenders request. The bartenders were cool though and the huge $8 long islands were VERY potent!The patrons are mostly locals. I talked to several and though they looked a little rough, they were all nice and harmless. Once I won $95 and a guy immediately came over and began telling his hardluck story. Watch out for these people begging for money--but they will go away if you politely say no.Overall, it was a hell of a time. But I think alcohol helps.	
Jan 17 2006	My days at the Western	I now live in Las Vegas but for the last 10 years I've been on many 1 -2 month long gambling binges here. Because I wanted to stretch my bankroll, I probably stayed at the Western a total of 200 nights in my life. The Western used to have a fixed rate (about $25) which didnt jump up on weekends. So I often stayed here on the weekends and then 'upgraded' to The Gold Spike during the week for the same price.My first week here I couldnt believe it was the same town with the pirate shows, volcanoes and white tigers... I was so intrigued at the people and lifestyles, and was so curious as to how these people existed. And how they got into the situation they were in. These are the people who are 1 step above homeless. Some were mentally ill, and most of the others looked like they were on the verge of being mentally ill.I remembermy first time playing black jack there. The chips were so worn, you could barely make out the name on them. Although most people were using the dollar slot coins, because the table minimum is only a dollar. I noticed a couple of the old guys there had their chips and coins in their hands. I asked them why dont they just stack them on the table in front of them. They looked at me like I was nuts and said, 'Well, what if someone grabs them and runs off with them?' I said, how often does that happen? The dealer told me about twice a week. The BJ tables we were on were about 15 feet from a big metal roll up door that emptied out to Freemont St. The roulette wheel has 10 cent chips. I've never seen that at any casino anywhere. The dealers dont generally deal it , and make a mistake about every other hand if anyone at the table is betting more than a few chips. Also, winning corner and street bets frequently get swept up with the losers after the dealer marks the number. Beers are a dollar, but free if you are playing. Ive never seen a casino that served cans of beer until I came here. The most dangerous area in the whole casino is the restaurant. The menu is all hand written in magic markers. I mean, its been like that for years. How much would it cost to have a regular sign? And it would look so much better. The food is so bad, I wouldnt eat there if I was starving. I disreguarded the warning bells going off in my head as I bellied up to the counter. I thought, how bad could it be? Well, I found out later that night. And the next day.The slot machines are some of the oldest you will find in Las Vegas. They actually have penny machines which spit out pennies. Can you imagine being the slot mechanic who has to constantly keep going over to get the people's jammed penny back? And they will complain and wait over a penny. The rooms are kind of clean but they have a funny smell which is a result of the disinfectant they use. Its not pleasant but I got used to it. The odds of your toilet and shower both working properly are about 50%. Better odds than the penny machines for sure. If you ever make the trip down here, be careful walking the nearby streets after dark, and keep your wallet close to you.	
Dec 16 2005	Not in Kansas anymore Toto	At the WESTERN, we are not in Kansas any more Toto, nor are we on the Fremont Street Experience and certainly not on the Strip.Did not stay there but was lured from the Experience by the impossibly bad reviews here at TRIPADVISOR and my possibly misplaced sense of adventure. I admit the large $1.00 draft beer had a hand in my return visit. I ventured there as a balance to the Strip scene, the Monte Carlo, etc. Boy, there is more than a few miles between those two. Homework Assignment: Listen to J. Tull's &quot;Aqualung&quot; and the Dead's &quot;Wharf Rat&quot; and G. Brooks &quot;Friends in Low Places&quot; maybe J. Buffet's &quot;Let's get Drunk&quot; to prep.The casino is a CICO (Coins In - Coins Out) place. No fancy paper tickets here. Remember that machine that you first played on 20 years ago, well it came to the Western to die. No carpet either, just wood plank floors, but at least they are swept and may have been cleaner than some of the carpeted places nearby. Security was active but I was not bothered by anyone there. Plenty is said here about the clients and most is true, to be kind, they were in a lower tax bracket and some may not have paid taxes at all. One step above the street but at least most have a room somewhere. Generally a friendly place, buy someone a dollar draft and learn enough to write a book or at least a good blues song. How the guys make their money, I have no idea, getting diability, day labour or some menial job? Whatever it is, it was someboby else's fault they have to work there. Generally the place and the patrons have a well worn look. How some of the ladies make their money, I can only guess, my sense of adventure has its limits. A guy told me he was drinking because he was on disability I asked what the disability was and he said he was an alcoholic.I had planned to go that far east on Fremont so I bought clothes to blend in, old jeans, a plaid shirt with a tee shirt and gymshoes are the norm. Leave the tux on the Strip. I brought a wad of singles and a few fives to spend. Big emergency bills stashed in my sock. I was not worried about the locals. They are more scavengers than predators. Not a place for a lady on her own though. Not a place to flash any bill over a five. Leave nothing at the bar when you pee because nothing wil be there when you return. Leave the area before dark before it really gets strange, or not, your choice.Also of interest is the Atomic Bar a few doors east. You have got to love a bar where you have to get buzzed in the door. The local source for vodka in small plastic bottles. If you go, be sure to ask if Michele is working at that time, she is a real hoot. The owner may even be there, he has been in Las Vegas since the atomic tests, hence the name. He plays impossibly old country music and talking to him is a real step back in time.	
Dec 14 2005	Bachelor party rocked in the Western!	This place rocks! (That's coming from 6 guys who love to camp, road trip, and not shower for days.) The cleanliness is pretty poor, parking is sketchy, smoke is obnoxious, but the cement walls in the room were clean! We packed 6 guys in the room for $16! Okay, I should also tell you we got a knock on the door at 3 a.m. from security telling us to register the extra 2 at the front desk. After showing the front desk the 2 &quot;extras&quot; ID's and paying an extra $3 a piece we were good to go. Sound asleep once again. Never felt uncomfortable or unsafe at the hotel or outside; however, we were always in a group of 4-6 people. I'm sure that helped some. Easy walk to downtown and the bus to the strip also. Loved it! Combine this hotel with the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery and you are set! A damn cheap vegas weekend with the boys! :) Every January baby! Three years and counting....	
Aug 14 2005	What A Dump!!!	Celebrating my son's 21st birthday was a blast. We stayed on the strip and made our way downtown for the evening. We liked it downtown and before we left from home I decided to check out all the casino's and hotels on line. Western hotel sounded so cheezy so we decided to check it out for some good laugh's. As we entered the casino we felt in a different part of the world. The carpet had a filthy smell to it. The window's had not been washed in years. It was smoked filled with a particular odor that was undescribeable. We wondered around and saw that &quot;Tuna Casserole&quot; was the special at the restaurant. Who in the world would eat that? The menu board was written in flourescent markers and could not make out what it said. I used the bathroom and that was a big mistake. There must have been 5,000 cigarette burns on the toilet paper holder. The trash was full and the sinks dirty. They even had a cheap perfume dispenser for a quarter.(can't imagine what that would smell like). As we were leaving we noticed the casino's players slot card reward's booth. I laughed so hard that I had tears running down my face. For a thousand points you could receive a paper towel holder. They even had the paper towels on it so you knew what is was. Better than that you could win a crock pot. I guess you had to see it to believe it. My son took a picture and they told us to leave. I would advise staying away from this creepy place. We walked at night and saw a lot of strange people and did not feel safe. If you go to vegas and really want to see the other side just check this place out. Be prepared to bring hand sanitizer and lysol. If you really want a good laugh check it out!!	
Aug 9 2005	Cheap Gaming	I read in other reviews on other websites about how dangerous the Western casino was. I was gambling at the El Cortez and decided to take the dangerous walk to the Western. It was early evening and the walk was about two blocks. Being a native southern californian, I am used to this type of neighborhood. Yes, I did pass a lot of weird people on the way and one strange person tried to talk to me but I just waived him off and he walked away. The Western is full of lowlifes but no one bothered me and I really enjoyed the cheap gaming. Is there any other casino in Vegas that has $2 blackjack? If you tip the watress she will come around every 5 minutes. Try that at the Orleans Hotel where I have waited for 30 minutes for a drink after I have flagged them down. I wouln't bring my wife or girlfriend here but if you want to just have a great time and be crazy this is the place to go.	
Mar 21 2005	Not for the squeamish or even the desparate	I settled for the Western Hotel for lodging only because there was a giant convention in town, and it was also spring break... I made reservations six weeks in advance too. I'm well aware of the casino's notoriety; accepting customers who've been 86'd from all the other casinos in town, so I knew this place wasn't a five-star resort. After an arduous check-in procedure to correct many mistakes in billing, I went to my room. The door looked like it had been broken into many times, the TV didn't work at all, and the toilet wouldn't flush. The bed leaned so far down on one side that I would have rolled out if I had slept at all with the &quot;def-jam&quot; fans hanging around the next room. I raced back to the front desk for a better room or a refund so I could just go home. The front desk supervisor was very understanding and sent me to their other property across the street, the Ambassador East Motel, where I enjoyed a very clean, quiet and comfortable room at the same cost. Hotel security is shared between the two properties, but great attention is given to the Ambassador East. I advise everyone to avoid the Western Hotel and seek other &quot;budget&quot; lodgings in the same price range first, possibly the Ambassador East.	
Nov 18 2004	99 % Homeless are patrons at the Western	I lived In Vegas for 14 years off and on and spent the majority of the last year there living on the streets hanging In and out of the Western. I can tell you first hand that 99 % of the patrons there are either homeless or trying to score drugs. There are many tweekers who love to go In there and play the penny slots for hours or just homeless people trying to hit the 12.00 jackpot payoff on one of the penny slots. You can hang around In front of the snack bar and say to locals walking around If they have a comp for sell (ticket you win for hitting a jackpot giving you two free meals ). They are frequently being sold there day and night for 2 bucks each and with what you get it's a great deal, especially If your hungary. The neighborhood Is Infested with crack dealers, addicts, prositutes and any other street character you can Imagine but If you keep to yourself and just say no thanks the street people you should have no problem. I've seen shootings, stabbings over fake crack and have been mugged myself just off of 8th and Carson. I would only recommend this place If you need a very cheap room (16 bucks a night) and the rooms are small but are very clean with great AC.Overall just try and walk around this place only during daylight hours.	
Nov 10 2004	Big Improvment	The new owners (Barrack Gaming) has really cleaned this place up since they bought it from Jackie Gaungh a few months back. They have improved the security and the casino is going through a remodel. The best part about this place is the cheap gaming. I like the $1 roullete and blackjack and its allways easy to park in the large empty parking lot and walk a few steps compared to the strip megaresorts where we park in the hirise garage and walk a mile to the casino.	
Jan 16 2004	Always been our favorite	The Western Hotel has been our most favorite place to stay for the past 40 years. Our Mom&amp;Dad had been there so many times that we practically paid even less for our rooms,and where else can you play Bingo for a dime, or even for free depending on the times of day/night? I learned to play at the tables, and not just slots...they have penny slots too. But, as a family we had FUN there. It's reallynothing fancy, but the rooms are clean, and the folks who work there are always pleasant. We usually only sleep, shower, and change clothes when we go, and so what if it's really one of the best kept secrets in Vegas. We love it and hope it never changes.	
Jan 13 2004	Western? Heck Yes	If you want to expierance Las Vegas before giant corporations turned it into a surreal disneyland please check out the Western! Low table miniums,friendly dealers,lots of atmosphere and single deck blackjack make the trip worthwhile. the cocktail waitress may look like your grandma or worse and i dont think i would spend the night (el cortez across the street) but for a daytime gaming expierance.....GO FOR IT.....eat before you venture in...Beer was cold but hamburger was tooo....	
Jan 9 2004	Best Entertainment For Free	Holy Crap! This is by far the most memorable experience in Vegas I've had! My so called friend talked a couple of us into taking the &quot;walk of shame&quot; down to what we affectionately call the &quot;We--tern&quot; (the s just happened to be burnt out on the sign). 10 cent roullette!!! I actually played 10 dollars for about 9 hours...the cans of Natural Light(or some other compatibly cheap beer) kept comin'. At about 2 hours into our adventure the cops pulled up and chased a guy through the casino, my buddy and I ducked under the table for safety and found we were the only ones who even flinched! 20 seconds later we were betting again...good times... 40 cents on black and let it ride!!!	
Dec 2 2003	Cheap Cheap Cheap	It is true what is said about Western Hotel- DIRTY OLD PLACE, I stay there because it is cheap and once I am In Las Vegas I hardly sleep and all I really need the hotel for is to take a shower, change, and have my stuff at. So if you cannot afford a hotel let me tell you this is the cheapest and you don't even stay in it once you get to Vegas.	
Oct 13 2003	A Thrill A Minute	Every year I spend a long weekend in Las Vegas &amp; no visit would be complete without a venture to the Western. Sure this place is the last place you would want to take a date but for a guy just hanging in Vegas the adventure is well worth the risk. I would not recomend a visit if you are an older patron of Las Vegas because you do take your life in your hands. The gaming is cheap &amp; the drinks flow. the dealers are friendly &amp; most are just out of dealer school doing their on the job training waiting to break into a more established casino. So be patient with them as they are bound to make mistakes. The quarter mile or so between the El Cortez &amp; western is a tough neighborhood. You will be approaches by locals selling their wares (physical &amp; material) just say no and continue to walk. They will not follow you. Good luck in Vegas to who ever reads this	
Sep 14 2003	A world all its own!	First off, what everyone says about this place is true. Its a true dump in a DMZ. Saying that, we had a blast there when we made the stagger down from Freemont. My buddy and I were out in Vegas visiting a friend who is a supervisor at Ballys. As the evening wore on (and as our drinking increased) our friend said that no trip to Vegas was complete without a trip to the Western. We had never heard of it, but should have known something was up when he told us to remove our watches and neck chains as we started down Freemont. We easily saw four vice transactions along our walk but it just added to the fun. Once we got to the Western we saw the casino in all its flourescent splendor along with its scary but harmless clientel. We sat down at a $1 dollar blackjack table covered with puke stains and played for about an hour. The dealer was really cool and fun with us, even when my one buddy asked where the gift shop was so he could take some shirts back home for his kids. When we tried to cash out, there was a sign at the cashier's window saying &quot;Back in 10 minutes&quot;. No lie! We planted ourselves at the bar and the bartender actually got mad when we asked him for beers. No matter, as the warm canned Buds made it all worthwhile. Once we cashed out we made our beeline back to the Freemont Street Experience and the $1.99 late night breakfast special at the Golden Gate. In all honesty, the Western is a blast if you appreciate it for what it is. If visiting a place that looks and smell ikes a sweat shop is not your cup of tea, keep your jewelery on and don't make the trek.	
Apr 24 2003	An Adventure in a Dump!	We read all the scary reviews and warnings about the Western... so we had to see it for ourselves. If you want a story to tell when you get back home, then get in a cab and head over to this place. First thing... watch the expression on the cab driver's face when you tell him where you want to go. When you get into the casino, take a look at the floor. Yep, that is gen-u-ine concrete under your feet. And look up... yessiree... flourescent lights cut through the choking smoke and filth lingering in the stagnant air! It looks like someone used a bulldozer to push out a dirty bingo hall and replaced it with a disgusting bunch of machines they bought off eBay. Grab a seat and play a slot for a few minutes (we did Ok on the slots in all fairness). It won't be long before one of the lovable nutjobs comes over with a crazy story of needing *you* to order a beer for *her(?)* since her sister is watching (this person was well over 21 by the way). You probably won't get that exact story, but someone will have seen an alien, know where Hoffa is or be hiding from a man with a gun. When you feel yourself starting to identify with the nearest screwball, it is probably time to head back to the real world. Chug a Gatorade and begin your windsprint back to the Freemont Street Experience. You're probably safe when you get near the El Cortez, but don't slow down until you get there. And don't attempt this alone for any reason. Last thought... I was there in December for New Years Eve. It is April now. I would not be a bit surprised to learn that some of the people I saw in the Western still there now and haven't left once in the past 4 months.	
