May 20 2009 	love casino	tampting casinos near by and so you dont need any transport vihicle and you can spend time how much you like and you partner can sleep if he does not like to play	
Jan 23 2009	Completely Ghetto Hotel!!!!	Had to have been the WORST hotel to stay in during my 6 days in Vegas. Even though the arrangements were pre-made for me (I was shooting an indie movie with a production company w/ a &quot;limited budget&quot;), this hotel sucked. - my non-smoking room smelled of cigarettes- my room was tended to, but very cursory- no room service- the pool? half way renovated but never saw ONE person working on itThe bar was OK, and the Karaoke Jock was cool. Seems some locals came to that hotel bar to sing karaoke and I made a friend while singing duets with her. Interestingly, NO ONE who stayed in the hotel was hanging out in the bar, and vice versa. Even if you have to cab it from a Motel 6 to the strip, its a better experience than this hotel.	
Oct 31 2008	Avoid even if you're broke! Sleep in your car!	The room was was really dirty and smelly. Never was our room cleaned or beds make on our two night stay. The shower did not have hot water. The remote did not have any batteries. When we arrived we along with 20 other guests had to climb the stairwell because the elevators were not working (i swear this is true folks). To top it all off, the hotel checkout clecrk wanted us to pay a utility service charge, that I refused to pay. Worst hotel ever! Please tell your friends and loved ones.	
Oct 6 2007 	dirty and dark!!!	this place is terrible! the hotel was dirty and popcorn was at lobby floor for 2 day before it was cleaned. the room was dark and smelly, bed had a dip in the middle. for your sake.. stay away from here!	
Sep 23 2007 	Avoid unless you can't afford to pay more	Huge room, 2 king size beds however it smelled of cigarette smoke so badly we had to buy air fresheners from the supermarket! The casino was small and full of locals getting tanked on cheap beer. We ate twice in the restaurant and it was ok but nothing special. The staff we met were friendly and nothing was too much trouble. Stay here if you are on a budget but I'm sure there are nicer places in Vegas!	
