Oct 17 2009 	Different in a good way.	I've stayed at Hyatts before, but never at the business traveler-oriented Hyatt Place. This one is kitty-corner to the Hard Rock Casino amid a maze of streets that end abruptly and/or are one-way (which I don't think they were a few years ago). Keep in mind that the Hard Rock is close by because this property has no casino -- it's here for business, baby!If you're just looking for a nice place to stay, and don't necessarily need that &quot;Vegas Experience&quot; in your hotel, you should consider this place. It has no room service, but the rooms are spacious, clean and quiet. Parking is easy access, and when I was in my sixth-floor room I could see my car safely in the lot below. It's relatively close to the airport, but I only heard occasional muffled engine noise from small jets, nothing bothersome.Nice HD-TV with a lot of channels (movies are $11.99, if that's your in-room thing), working fridge was nice and free wi-fi was very good. It took me awhile to figure out the giant mirror was actually the sliding closet door. There is a small cafe, from which I grabbed some fruit from the coninental breakfast selection. Sharing the parking lot with the hotel is a popular Bavarian restaurant, and across the street there's a CVS, a bar &amp; grill, a Johnny Rockets (burgers), sushi and Korean BBQ. On the other corner there's UNLV, in case you feel like enrolling.Points off for the dirty drinking glasses.Overall, I think this is a great value and a nice change of pace. If you need the hustle and bustle of the Strip, it's only a few blocks away.	
Oct 17 2009 	Outside the Strip calm and convenient close to airport	The Hyatt Place Las Vegas is close to the airport. Welcome starts with a free Shuttle Bus available upon upon arrival at the airport (though, make sure you book with the concierge in advance). The Shuttle service is also available on your return from the Hotel back to the airport.Very good service from the personel. They will be able to suggest the best attractions and places to visit during your stay.The rooms are specious, clean with free Wi-Fi Internet access (that is a major plus)Close to the airport, outside the Strip, quiet and calm location. 5-10 minutes taxi ride to the heart of Las Vegas where you will be able to enjoy yourself (shows, concerts, bars, clubs, restaurants, casinos of course...!). If you fancy woalking and if it is not too hot or windy you can set off on foot arrive within 25-30 minutes in town.Maybe not the best choice for food (as I do not remember they offered a full restaurant service)Would definietly recommend it!	
Sep 5 2009 	Great stay	This is a great place to stay if you have a car and want to be off the strip. We stayed 4 nights and I never heard a plain (we were on floor 2 facing the parking). Service was great, they had a very yummy free breakfast, also free wii fii and parking, and the same type of room and amenities of every Hyatt place (42 flat TV, 24 hour room service with menu and ordering option on TV, nice bathroom with tub, coffee machine, fridge, big bed, sofa, working desk, nice bedding….) I love the idea of the Hyatt place, it is a basic hotel with everything you need to feel comfortable during your stay. I just love the big flat TV Wherever I go and there is a Hyatt place, I stay there. The price is great for what you get, in our opinion	
Jul 25 2009 	Great airport/UNLV hotel but in a somewhat sketchy area	This is my second stay at a Hyatt Place property and I really like what they've done with these &quot;older&quot; hotels. The decor is so modern and classy. I like the furniture, color choices, and overall &quot;hipness&quot; of these properties. Room was very clean and has everything you could want: refrigerator, huge plasma TV, free internet, separate bar area, couch, comfortable bed, and nice sink area. The bathroom area itself is a bit tight but not too bad. If you are a &quot;large&quot; person I could imagine you might struggle but it's fine for most. There is a free breakfast which is perfectly fine but it's not a hot breakfast that you'd get at a place like Staybridge Suites. Decent selection of breads, cereal, yogurt, and fruit. Check in was quick, easy, and friendly. All staff I encountered were very nice. The only thing I don't like about this hotel is the location. It's in a somewhat shady area across from UNLV and there are signs all over the parking lot warning you that they are not responsible for items left in cars. I rented a car (they do have a free airport shuttle though) and was scared the whole time I'd find it broken into when I got out. Those signs don't set a good tone but I understand why they are there. Luckily I didn't have any problems and had a great stay. Would stay here again if I wasn't visiting the strip.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Airport hotel!	I had an overnight layover and chose to stay in this Hyatt brand hotel. We frequent Hyatt hotels and this is a very smart, modern and clean hotel. It is a recent acquistion for Hyatt and newly remodeled, alhough I would have sworn it was a brand new hotel!The room had a very comfortable king bed and a separate living room with a couch and table with a desk and kitchen area (sink, micro, frig). The staff were very friendly and helpful. There is a free airport shuttle and a free breakfast, although my flight left too early for me to take advantage of it. The breakfast area is large enough, well organized and clean. The hotel is close to the Hard Rock Cafe although traffic is rather busy in this area and the typical seedy Vegas billboards/advertisements surround the area. I felt relatively safe walking across the street to the restaurant. I will definately stay here again should the need arise!	
Jun 4 2009 	Pleasurable stay	As a travel agent, got a great rate and didn't want to say on &quot;the strip&quot;, so this Hyatt was the answer. Unfortunately, it took us 1/2 hour to find the place after coming into LV north on I-15. It is literally right across from UNLV..and with all the one-way streets, and Paradise Rd stopping, then starting up again = confusing; it is also just minutes from the LV airport, and hotel has a shuttle.Room had separate &quot;living room&quot;, but vanity area was open wide into bedroom area.Refrigerator and USA Today delivered on weekdays. No restaurant, BUT best feature for me....the POOL. Gorgeous landscaping, not too deep.Very comfy beds and pillows. Also, no fee for parking!	
Apr 22 2009 	If you value sleep stay elsewhere!	1. The hotel is right under the flight plan of planes taking off from Las Vegas Airport and is very loud. 2. The hotel staff at check-in gave me my room card and did not explain the amenities of the hotel. (I've stayed at Hyatt Place before, so it wasn't a big deal for me. But it is unprofessional.)3. Checkout took 25 minutes in line. And I was the 1st person in line. Totally unacceptable for there to be one person at checkout desk at 9AM. Granted, the woman being helped when I got the to desk had problems, but it could have been handled a lot better. (like to call a co-worker to help, asking the woman to wait while simple check-outs can occur...) 4. The room had an iron, but no ironing board. Needless to say, I will not return.	
Apr 13 2009 	Stay away safety comes first!	Bad, unsafe area of Las Vegas. My car was broken into in the hotel parking, the GPS was stolen. Hotel was extremely experienced and cleaned the broken window glass quickly to hide the shame from the guests. Security cameras are installed everywhere inside the hotel but none outside. If you worry about safety - stay away. I had to waste a day of my trip and paying $200 to fix the window. The manager was apathetic - &quot;there is nothing we can do..&quot; &quot;we are not responsible...&quot;Stay away, safety comes first!	
Mar 30 2009 	Surprised Me! They Renovated The Amerisuites.	I use to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel all the time. But sometimes when I couldn't get a room I would stay across the street at the Amerisuites. Mediocre at best and overpriced. BUT NOW! I booked through the Hyatt web site and they surprised me by booking me at the SAME PROPERTY UNDER A NEW NAME. It was WAY WAY WAY BETTER! Everything. Rooms, lobby. Wood paneled and huge flat screen TV. Great Hyatt beds. I read some other reviews about airplane noise. Totally wasn't an issue. Yes they are near McCarron but it's muffled. And I was on the 5th floor. I know my comments sound so good I must be a shill. I'm not. But I am very picky and was expecting another mediocre experience in Vegas hotel staying. I thought this place was perfect. Great service. There was a slow drain in my sink and the TV didn't get HD so they came up immediately and fixed it. There's free internet. Coffee in the room which I like. Huge fluffy pillows which I like. Kind of a suite layout. Living area and bedroom area.Wish I could rag on something here. But can't. I'd look here first before going to any of those crappy casino/spa joints.	
Jan 22 2009	Clean Comfortable Handy Little Place	I stayed here last weekend for one night on a Saturday and was familiar with the location as I frequent the Hard Rock Hotel and have also passed by the Hyatt Place on my way to the Vegas airport. Like almost all things in L.V., this is a much larger Hyatt Place than normal and it was pretty full from sports groups booked there (I think the S.D. State women's basketball team was one of the groups there). Seeing that, I was a bit nervous about room noise and the long lines for the complimentary breakfast but after requesting a quiet room, was surprised that it was a nice quiet corner room on the second floor. No noises from the other rooms around or above and the room was clean, well kept and comfortable (if you don't like firm beds then beware). As stated in some of the other posts, the only noise was from the airplanes overhead----having previously lived under a flight path, I think I was somewhat insulated from the noise but it is an issue to consider until they change the flight path.The wait for the breakfast line was not too bad and while they had run out of a couple of things when I first got there, I was surprised at how quickly it was replenished (compared to some of the other Hyatt Places I've stayed at). Did not take advantage of the pool (which was outdoors and looked nice) or the exercise room (which was on the second floor). They have 2 internet stations by the breakfast area in addition to the free wi-fi throughout the hotel. Did not take advantage of the free airport shuttle as I had driven over (but this is a great feature for L.V.) nor the complimentary shuttle to Planet Hollywood as I was told you had to call for pickup. However, location across from the Hard Rock Hotel/Cafe is great and if you're a walker, a great selection of restaurants on their &quot;Restaurant Row&quot; on Flamingo Rd. is about 10 min walk away.Overall, I was impressed with this hotel as I'm a frequent visitor to Vegas and I don't always stay or play on the Strip. If you're looking for Strip casinos or action or this is your first visit to L.V. you might want to pay extra for a strip casino. Otherwise, this is a great place to stay.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Stay	Booked a room through Hotwire for around $50 USD/night. Hotel looks great. Rooms are big, with massive LCD TV , coffee maker and key-operated safe. Bathroom a little small. Modern interior decoration. Very clean. Free wi-fi with good signal. 2 computers and a printer are also available for use in the lobby.Included breakfast was good. Bagels, bread, english muffins, cereal, fruit, yoghurt and Starbucks coffee and teas. Location was ok. They provided a free shuttle to the strip (Planet Hollywood), which leaves at half past every hour. In order to return to the hotel, you need to call and book the shuttle. Definitely more fun to stay on the strip if you plan to have big days out. Also, there is a free airport shuttle. Plenty of restaurants around, as well as a laundromat and CVS pharmacy.We weren't bothered at all by the noise of the aeroplanes as flights finish at midnight. Very friendly staff.	
Jan 21 2009 	Poor Choice for CES Attendees	As a travel arranger for our company I made this reservation directly on short notice due to all other hotels filled. My traveler attended a convention and this hotel was on the shuttle route. However, the staff was unaware of the timing or any information relative to the shuttle to get to/from the convention and kept referring to going to pick up the shuttle at another nearby hotel. Rooms a bit worn/dirty, and staff were just ok. Not a good choice for people expecting shuttle service for a convention.	
Jan 9 2009 	Hyatt Place in Vegas	This Hyatt Place is nicely set up... location is actually pretty good. It's directly across corners from the Hard Rock Resort. We did the walk from the Hyatt Place to the strip, and it really wasn't all that bad. It's not all that close, but I work in downtown Chicago and have to walk from my train to my job daily, so it's just another walk. It was close enough that we decided to walk back as well. Our only big gripe with this Hyatt Place is that it seems located directly below the McCarran flight path. It can be somewhat noisy at times. This is sort of a beware type thing, and not something I'd take out on the hotel management. The rooms were spacious and as other Hyatt Places we've stayed at, has a wonderful TV with plenty of HD content available.	
Jan 1 2009 	Warning - Its in the Flight path	We are staying at the Hyatt as we speak. We came to Vegas for the New Year and chose the hotel after reading the reviews, but mainly because it was opposite the Hard Rock Hotel where we were spending New Years Eve.For the money you can't really complain. The staff are fantastic. When we checked in we were told to use the free shuttle bus that they provide to travel to and from the strip ( it operates from 5.45am and finishes with the last pick up at 11.45pm ) They advised about walking anywhere because of the &quot;area&quot; so be warned!!Our room, like the other reviews suggest, was the size of a suite. Reasonably clean but quite an unpleasant smell lingering in the corridors. We were absolutely gobsmacked to find that we were under the flight path - perhaps flight path are the wrong words. Flight path suggests the planes have actually taken off before they bounce over the roof of the hotel. We are on the top ( 6th ) floor. The planes are constant - the sound of one, not disappearing before the next. The room vibrates as they go over and car alarms in the parking lot below sing in unison as the jets set them off. We asked if we could be moved to a lower floor thinking that maybe a few storeys above us would kill the noise ,but the room we were shown stunk of cigarettes ( although this is a non-smoking hotel ) and there was no getting away from the planes. The local pharmacy sells ear plugs. What we couldn't understand is why no-one else had mentioned this in their reviews. Well the answer is that for the next 6 months they are relaying a section of runway at the airport and during this time planes are taking off and landing on a different approach. So be warned!!!!!!!!!The comp breakfast is not bad, so if it wasn't for the planes the hotel would be fine for a base.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great Rooms	This is a very clean , comfortable hotel about 1 mile off the strip. It is near the airport and across the street from the Hard Rock Cafe. The rooms are great, like junior suites, with a great buffet breakfast. The pool id quite good. Overall I would recommend a stay there away from the craziness of the strip.	
Nov 24 2008 	Not up to Par	This was my second stay at this property and this stay was not as good as the last. Great TV and great bed but the room was a little dirty. The elliptical machine in the workout room had old dirt and sweat and looked like it hadn't been wiped down in a long while. The gym wipe dispenser was out of wipes too! Breakfast was unimpressive. They ran out of juice glasses and charge extra money for eggs or sausage. Some of the staff members were friendly while others were not. Guys that stepped off the shuttle bus in suites where greeted warmly. The staff just kind of stared at me when I walked in like maybe they thought I wanted to rob the place and I'm a GP Platinum member who travels regularly. This place also smells. When Hyatt remodeled the property they apparently spend money on new granite, wallpaper and carpet but forgot to scrape the popcorn ceilings in the rooms and the halls so this material holds the same old stale, smokey smell the hotel had when it was a dumpy old Amerisuites. For GP members who need a place in Vegas to accumulate points, I guess it is okay for a night or two; however, I would NEVER bring my wife to a place like this! Hyatt Place still has a ways to go before they are up to the level of Holiday Inn Express or Marriott Courtyard.	
Nov 20 2008	Ok for families. Don't expect much.	Hyatt was good w/ our kid. We had to share a room, which is always a bum. Kid on sofabed in living room part. We were cumfy. Bed was foamy. Breakfast was toast, fruit, coffee (no eggs/meat) which left much to be desired. Not enough people working to refill coffee pots, etc. Long lines for breakfast. Even so, for price paid ($120) it was clean and nice and I'd recommend for families. It's a re-don AmeriSuites. Best part was huge flat screen TV. Off strip, and quiet, except for airplanes (right near the airport). Front desk printed out a list of places to take children, which was very nice, and the free shuttle took us to the strip (GREAT!) but didn't know info. for the Strip bus ($5 all day is good for 24-hrs.). Drop off was at Planet Hollywood which was fine and close to everything (Paris/ and Bellagio).	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Place to Stay!	We stayed at the Hyatt Place Nov 5th - 10th, 2008 while we were in Las Vegas for the PBR World Finals. We chose this hotel because it is close to the Thomas and Mack Center and we could walk to the event each night. The staff was amazing. Everytime we entered the hotel they welcomed us back and asked if we needed anything. Even the shuttle driver asked us if our room was ok and if we needed anything. The free breakfast was adequate. We took advantage of their free shuttle to the strip which leaves every hour during the day until 11:45pm. The rooms are comfortable and clean. When we were ready to leave for our trip home, the shuttle took us back to the airport at no charge. We travel often for both business and pleasure and stay in alot of 5 star hotels. We were so impressed with the staff at the Hyatt Place compared to other hotels. We will definitely stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a clean, comfortable room at an affordable price just minutes from the strip.	
Aug 26 2008 	A normal business/leisure hotel in Las Vegas!	I had a pleasant stay at Hyatt Place. I found it pleasant because of several things it didn't have: no resort fee, no electricity fee, no internet usage fee and no outrageous mini-bar fees. These fees are pretty standard at most, if not all the Vegas casino resorts. After a few days, they can really add up. The estimate given to me from their site was exactly the rate I paid to the penny! Also, Hyatt Place opened in December 2007 so it isn't beat up like most of the other places I've stayed in Vegas. I doubt you can find a more comfortable bed in town!Despite not having a restaurant, the amenities at Hyatt Place surpass most of the resorts too. The standard rooms are very large. The 42&quot; HDTV actually gets a ton of HDTV stations and pay per view movies. I'm amazed how many other hotels invest in HDTVs and then don't subscribe to get the HD stations. Of course, in Vegas, most resorts have poor TVs so you spend more time in the casino. The free wireless Internet was fast and flawless. You can connect your ipod to the TV speakers. Just remember to bring a cord.While some people here didn't like the location, I did. The strip mall across the street with the CVS has at least a half dozen good restaurants including a great New York Pizza place. The primary reason I stayed here was it was across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel where I ususally stay. It was sold out during this trip and Hyatt Place was a much less expensive option anyways. You can use the pool at HRH as long as you tell the security guy that you intend on playing at the gambling tables by the pool. This included the Sunday Rehab which is normally an expensive ticket. What incredible eye candy! The Hard Rock Hotel (skip the Hard Rock Cafe) is my absolute favorite place in Las Vegas and where I end my nights when I'm there. Having a nice place to walk to instead of waiting in the huge cab line was great!	
Aug 17 2008 	A Vegas gem!	I LOVED this hotel. Exceptionally friendly and attentive staff, lovely rooms, great shuttle service to town and the airport as well as a generous morning breakfast and evening nibblies. Our rooms were spacious, beautifully appointed and equipped with Wifi, a wet bar and a gorgeous flatscreen. No casino noise and a perfect oasis of calm. I look forward to retruning next year. Great work Hyatt!!	
Aug 11 2008 	Great place at a great price	It is a little bit off the strip, but that means you don't have to deal with the traffic and crowds. It was quiet (even though it is close to the airport), and there are plenty of places within walking distances to eat. They provide a free shuttle to the strip.Our room was very nice (a living area and bedroom area) with a huge tv with inputs for the ipod. There was a LARGE comfy couch and free internet access. The bathroom sink had LOTS of counter space and overall it was a very nice place to stay at a great rate.	
Jul 31 2008 	Best place to stay if you hate all the traffic	We stayed here 4th of July weekend. Have been to Vegas before and hate all the time it takes to get in and out of hotel. Hotel staff was very nice, has Starbucks at front desk and a 24 hour restaurant. We had a strip view and it was wonderful their was no charge you just have to request it beforehand. Always love Hyatt Place's rooms,they have free wi-fi and flat screen tv's!!! Free parking and just a block away from the strip and across the street from the Hard Rock. It was good because we have kids and hate to walk through casino area and smoke with them.	
Jul 29 2008 	some issues not a great stay	I hate Las Vegas. I needed to stay here for one night and wanted a hotel with no casino, no smoking, and off-strip. This was all those things however various parts of the hotel smell of smoke anyway. I guess it can't be avoided in Vegas and since there were Europeans everywhere in the hotel perhaps it was just their complete lack of understanding of the non-smoking concept that caused this. The decor is stylish but the rooms were pretty average other than the 42 inch LCD TV. All the plumbing drains and supply hoses were fully exposed in the room which was very ugly. Also, apparently I had an accessible room and the shower was a handheld type. The handheld unit looks like it was replaced yet the mount was from the previous model so the shower head flopped around and I could not take a shower without holding the shower head (room 220).Also, I was awoken out of a dead sleep early in the morning (8am) by maintenance. He said that his paperwork showed that the room was vacant. 30 minutes later housekeeping came also thinking the room was vacant. They should have fixed this issue the first time I was disturbed. I called the front desk to have them ensure that I would not be disturbed again. This was unacceptable.The breakfast was satisfactory. It was motel style fare but that's fine. Bed linens and bed were motel style as well.Based on my search of hotels and prices for this stay. I think this place was worth half what I paid. I would say for a weekend in the summer this place is not worth more than $100 considering all the other options.I love the Hyatt Place concept but this stay just didn't work for me. I look forward to trying the Aloft hotels from Starwood once they open in more cities that I need to visit. Perhaps they'll get it right.I still hate Vegas.	
Jul 19 2008 	Good Quiet Vegas Location	This Hyatt Place is close to Vegas airport, and about four long blocks away from the Strip. My room had a terrific view of the Strip, which was breathtaking both during the day and especially at night. The hotel's sound insulation is superb. Jets were passing right outside my window literally 15 seconds before touching down at the airport -- and I could barely hear any noise. The large German restaurant next door was also noisy with a particularly bad oompah band, but none of the noise made it into the hotel.My spacious room had a large flat-screen TV, a large sofa, and a Queen-size bed. The room was clean, but the carpet could have been a bit fresher. The bathroom fixtures looked new and functioned well. The wireless internet is free, and generally operated reliably but did slow down during afternoon peak periods.The morning breakfast is included in the price and was well stocked, and included a healthy fruit bowl. The hotel is close to a 24 hour store that carries essential supplies, and the Hard Rock cafe is nearby, as are several small food places.My main complaint at this hotel was the housekeeping, which was sloppy. On one day, I clearly left a used towel in the bath-tub to be replaced, and it was still there after the room was cleaned. Disappointing!Otherwise, if you want a quiet place away from the Strip, this is a very good choice.	
Jun 20 2008 	Nice rooms but heed the location	This HP shares the typical stylish decor with other HP locations, so expect nice, spacious rooms with an excellent 42&quot; flat panel TV displaying true HD content. The staff was friendly and competent.The location is conveniently close to the airport, but you do get the occasional jet noise (depending on the wind direction). Also, it's sort of on an island between the two one-way sections of Paradise (a major thoroughfare to/from the airport). So on each side you have a high volume of one-way traffic, and on a third side the HP shares a parking lot with a very large, popular beer hall. The immediate environment feels noisy and chaotic, and at night, perhaps a bit unsafe. The doors, even the main entry, require keys after dark, so I had to buzz to be let in when I checked in at 9pm. Inside it does feel safer and quieter.The general area is not known to be the safest, but it's convenient to the Hard Rock about 1/2 a block away, UNLV, Thomas&amp;Mack Center, and of course, the airport. The Strip is about a 5 minute drive.	
Jun 2 2008 	best place to stay off the strip for bussiness travel	We were very satisfied with the service at this location; the staff is extremely accommodating always with a smile, especially Ms Ayako and Gaby	
Feb 13 2008	nice place-off strip.	myself and my girlfriend stayed here for one night after our flight was canceled.delta airlines put us up free of charge,so i am not sure what the prices are like.the hotel is located approx a mile from the strip.the hotel runs a free shuttle bus to and from planet hollywood on the strip.the lobby are is nicely decorated.staff are friendly.our room was very large in size..it had a living room kind of area within the room.there was also a very large flat screen.very impressive.the hotel is across the road from hard rock hotel and casino.there also is a small shopping area across the road with alot of food options.we ate in johnny rockets for lunch.right beside there is also a german pub/restaurant.we did not eat in the hotel..we left very early in the morning so did not have breakfast.there also seemed to be a nice swimming pool,but we did not use.overall i would recommend this hotel.the location might seem an inconvenience but with the free shuttle bus,things are made easy.	
Feb 11 2008 	Pleasant stay	Stayed here after Delta cancelled our flight and booked us in here. Located very close to the airport and the free shuttle will collect and/or drop you to airport.Reception staff member was most unhelpful when we discovered we had to return to airport and collect a different voucher from the airline to pay for our stay - she wouldn't let us leave our luggage even though the stay was confirmed by DL. Not our favourite person!Room was lovely, very spacious, modern and spotlessly clean. Get the impression this is a newly refurbished hotel.	
Feb 4 2008 	Good deal - Off Strip	Good deal, close to the airport, their shuttle will take you anywhere you wish. Planes flying over every now and then, but it did not keep us awake. We are not into the hustle and bustle of Vegas, we were here for a convention, it was perfect for us. Continental breakfast, with option to buy other selections. Check out the 24/7 Mr. Luckys at the Hard Rock, get the Gamblers Special, 7.77 for steak and three shrimp, good deal. Friendly folks, newly renovated rooms. Huge TV in the room that we watched the Superbowl on! We would stay here again if we were in town. The Hard Rock is right across the street if you want to gamble, but stay and sleep in a quieter environment.	
Feb 4 2008 	Helped us in a Pinch	Satyed here when our flight was canceled. It's less than a mile from the airport- so we picked it for closeness and the free shuttle service from the airport (and the cost, very reasonable!) The shuttle arrived quickly and our driver was very nice and informative! Check in was quick- they have a kiosk and you don't even have to speak to anyone! There is a desk too, if you want a live person. The rooms were comfy- a little strange in the layout. Living room area with desk, pull out bed, mini bar area with free wi-fi. Bedroom area next with flat screen TV in between that can be rotated to either side. Bed was suer comfy, bathroom was very small. The only down side is you can hear the planes literally flying over your head! Luckily they stopped around midnight:)I wouldn't stay long term, but if you need a comfy cheap place to stay close to the airport I would recommend staying here!	
Jan 15 2008	Beware the jet noise	When the wind shifts the hotel is directly under the departing flight pattern for way to close McCarran Airport. At midnight we decided to give it a count, 6 flights taking off directly over our hotel in just 10 minutes. The rooms depicted on the hotel's website are a generic representation of an average room in the Hyatt Place chain, not an actual room at the Las Vegas hotel. The rooms in Las Vegas, rather than having a screen separate the two portions of the room had a 4'X5', floor to ceiling divider that housed the in room air conditioner (loud) which also made the area around king bed much smaller.This place does not deserve the Hyatt name and is no where up to the standards of Marriott's Residence Inn, Fairfield or Courtyard chains. Okay, the large LCD television rocks, but it did not makeup for the rest of the issues.	
Sep 28 2009 	??????????		
Jun 2 2009 	Gutes Hotel - leider in Einflugschneise des Flughafens		
